We all know that health and fitness are important aspects of a community , and certainly in raising children .
It takes a village after all !
Children watch their parent ’s involvement in their communities and mimic that .
We want a future generation of people that exercise because they love to .
As a studio owner , you have the ability to create opportunities for this to happen .
If you have multiple studio rooms , and they are not always occupied , you are missing out on the chance to build a community and increase revenue .
Empty studios can be a money drain but they can also speak volumes for your business .
Studios that offer multiple classes at the same time provide a sense of security and belonging for customers and students .
When new customers come into a studio that looks like a ghost town , it can scare them away !
The natural instinct is to wonder why there is n’t more happening .
A great solution for this , especially when offering Creative Movement or Combination Ballet / Tap classes for little ones , is to offer adult fitness classes at the same time !
Not only will this fill up unused studio space , but it drives traffic in that would not exist otherwise .
This also encourages parents to get involved in the studio community without interfering with their child ’s class .
Christmas may be over , but it ’s not too late to catch “ Gregeneezer and The Three Monsters ” .
It ’s the latest episode of the Greg & Donny web series .
It ’s sure to be a yearly holiday classic in at least this Pittsburgh household !
-jp
Microsoft is developing Project Natal plus new software and content services to prolong the life of the Xbox 360 games console , rather than introduce a new machine
We all know that the games business goes in cycles and that a new generation of consoles always comes along to replace whatever is popular today .
In fact , we should now be talking about the Xbox 720 , Sony PlayStation 4 and Wii II , or whatever they might be called , because game developers need a couple of years to create new games to exploit the new hardware capabilities that justify the launch of a new generation .
But we are n't , and Microsoft does n't want us to .
" I think it 's important to say that the Xbox 360 is the console of the long future for us .
There is no need to launch a new console , because we 're able to give this console new life either with software upgrades or hardware upgrades like Project Natal , " said David Hufford , senior director of Xbox product management in a briefing at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
" The Xbox 360 was designed for a long life , and I do n't even know if we 're at the midpoint yet . "
Rather than release a new console , Microsoft is developing Project Natal to enhance existing systems .
At a CES keynote , Xbox boss Robbie Bach said Natal will be released for the 2010 holiday season , ie in the run-up to Christmas .
Hufford said the team had demonstrated at E3 that the technology worked , and now " we 've asked the development teams to concentrate on making the games . "
Hufford said that the Xbox 360 did not need an upgrade to support 3D games -- " Avatar is on Xbox and we have a 3D game , Scrap Metal , in our booth right now " -- and nor would he commit to offering a Blu-ray drive .
Indeed , I could n't even get him to speculate about moving the 360 forward to a more modern chip technology .
This would reduce the Xbox 's manufacturing cost and also produce a console that generated less heat and cost less to run -- benefits that have already accrued to Sony with the launch of the PS3 Slim .
It should also be more reliable .
" We love our prices right now , " said Hufford .
" I do n't want to say that technology stops , but we believe we have a high quality console , and we stand by that quality with an unprecedented warranty , so we think we 're in a good place now heading into the Natal era . "
Microsoft is clearly working on the software and content parts of the Xbox with the Zune movie service , support for social networking , the Gameroom of classic arcade games , Mediaroom TV services , Project Natal and so on .
It 's not looking to launch new hardware .
This makes sense because new consoles typically sell at a loss , and the system only becomes really profitable in the later years as manufacturing costs fall and sales of high - priced software mount up .
Sony , of course , is in the same position but worse , because it 's still selling PlayStation 3 consoles at a loss , and will need several profitable years to get back its huge investment .
So what has changed ?
Most console wars result in a big win for one player -- Atari VCS , Nintendo NES , Sega Mega Drive , Sony PlayStation or whatever -- with the others failing .
This encourages the failing companies to move to the next generation first to get a competitive edge .
This time around , the three major players have all achieved viable market shares .
Perhaps there 's no incentive for any of them to start a next - generation console war , and Ken Kutaragi will have been correct in claiming that the PS3 would last a decade .
What do you think ?
Technology has moved on since 2005 , when the Xbox 360 was announced .
Will you be happy to have the same system in 2015 ?
software projects
Master Thesis Real - Time Rendering and Interactive Configuration of Apartments
My master thesis on Real - Time Rendering and Interactive Configuration of Apartments , on which I worked together with Robert .
From the Abstract :
We present a method for high quality , real - time rendering of apartment interiors , illuminated with dynamic light and under the conditions of changing geometry .
The complete lighting solution is composed of a number of techniques ( area lights , indirect illumination , direct highlight ) working in conjunction with a global illumination algorithm based on virtual point lights .
Rendering of hundreds of lights at real - time frame rates is enabled by a deferred lighting pipeline , decoupling scene and lighting complexity .
We demonstrate , that the described solution allows the user to interactively modify geometry ( customisation of the apartment 's layout ) and lights ( e.g. time of day modification ) .
We also suggest an acceptable degradation method enabling the same lighting quality on slower machines .
The prototype has been developed in the Unity engine and you 're welcome to try it out ( it has quite high hardware requirements , though ) .
The thesis itself has been written in a form of a short article – a recommended read if you 're interested how the technique works .
( Note : the prototype has been developed in an yet unreleased Unity version 2.6 .
This is why we 're not posting the project files yet , nor the web player build , which is actually our target platform . )
Screenshots :
Our geometry - aware , kernel size preserving filter .
Our 3 - tap PCF shadow mapping with spatially varying offsets ( and filtering , which was already part of our pipeline ) .
Downloads : Master
Thesis – the article .
Balsa.dmg – the prototype , Mac OS uniwersal binary .
Balsa.zip – the prototype , Windows executable .
Credits : Jakub Cupisz , Robert Cupisz
PuzzleBloom DADIU graduation game , March 2009 production Puzzle Bloom is an innovative action - puzzle game where you control the tree spirit Canotila in her quest to bring back life to her island .
Canotila needs assistance of the island ’s native creatures to get through the industrialised world .
She flies from creature to creature and uses her powers to guide them .
New life will bloom into the world for each time Canotila breaks a machine , bringing her closer to the ultimate goal of return to nature .
No download needed : Solve puzzles in a full 3D environment that runs directly in your browser .
Bend the static rules of traditional puzzle games by switching control over creatures .
Enjoy the beautiful graphics of Canotila ’s rise of nature .
Have fun and let us know if you like the game !
Screenshots : Fertile ground effect , Prince of Persia - like .
Yeah !
A bit more complex puzzle , Level 2 .
Moving laser and robot arena , just exploded the poor bastard ...
Links : Play PuzzleBloom in your browser !
Visual effects in PuzzleBloom – a poster for the Visionday conference Credits : Kuba Cupisz ( Programmer ) as part of Team 4 , DADIU March 2009 ( full credits on the game page )
Play DADIU game production using Flash Lite Play is an exploratory erotic game , involving the interaction between a man and a woman .
Enjoy the art of sex by being in control .
Feel your way around the man .
Choose to perform moves on him and have him perform exotic moves on you .
Inspire him .
Tease him .
Make him want more of you to get the most out of the session .
Be in sync with one another by finding the right rhythm to complement each other .
Perform the preferred motions during the intimate scenes by manoeuvring the phone around .
Go to fast or too slow and you will be considered a poor performer .
Reach pleasure successfully by finding the best pace in accordance with the music .
The game was developed in Flash Lite , uses phone 's accelerometer and squeezes as much as it can into teeny - tiny amount of memory available to Flash player .
Downloads : Play – you 'll need Nokia N95 _without_
Flash Lite 3 player .
Design document
Specs and requirements – a short document describing technology used , installation steps and software requirements .
Credits : Kuba Cupisz ( Lead Programmer ) as part of Team 6 , DADIU , March 2008
Tron Lightcycle
Race game prototyping in Squeak
In this project we used Squeak as a fast game prototyping platform to create yet another clone of the all - famous Tron Lightcycle Race .
Squeak is a modern implementation of the Smalltalk language and environment and , besides some performance issues , which are inherent in those types of platforms , we 've found Squeak a really useful tool .
Screenshots : Downloads : Tron_Squeak_win.zip – Squeak distribution opening with the game image ready to play , complete with source .
Tron_Squeak_mac.zip – Same image , but with Squeak distribution for Mac OS X .
Project report – Project report describing design and implementation of the prototype .
Credits : Kuba Cupisz , Robert Cupisz
Feeder DADIU game production using the Source engine Feeder is a game developed by the Team 3 , as part of the DADIU education .
I was the team 's Programmer .
“ Feederism is a sexual fetish , centered on the practice of eating large amounts of food .
The feeder provides the gainer with an abundant supply of food , either to encourage weight gain or simply for delight in the act of feeding . ” - Wikipedia
The game was developed in Valve 's Source Engine , so long ...
Screenshots : A muffin ?
No , thank you .
Food , food , food .
Second fatness stage .
Is n't she cute ?
Downloads : Feeder – due to Valve 's Source update , currently unavailable .
Design document
Programmer 's report – a short document describing my responsibilities in the production and encountered problems .
Credits : Kuba Cupisz ( Programmer ) as part of Team 3 , DADIU , March 2007
Distributed Ray Tracer final project for Advanced Computer Graphics course Depth of field , caustics , translucency , gloss .
This is an example of an application of the Monte Carlo integration to solve rendering equation .
We have implemented following effects : depth of field , gloss , translucency , soft shadows .
Screenshots : Translucency and gloss .
Soft shadows .
Downloads : Project report – report describing techniques used and implementation details , a few screenshots .
Credits : Kuba Cupisz
We managed to make a comic even though Wes became a complete solid while Tony ruined a cake ’s day .
Lori Gottlieb has been spreading her particular brand of Cautionary Matron doomsaying since 2008 , and now she 's plugging her upcoming book with an appropriately creepy interview in Marie Claire .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gottlieb 's book is titled Marry Him : The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough — and readers might want to hide this tome from " Mr. Good Enough " should they , in fact , succeeded in marrying him .
Those all - important husbands may not be too thrilled with Gottlieb 's advice to " e- mail the guy who 's a little doughy , " or with her general theme that marriage is a bulwark against misery rather than something to be entered into with joy and excitement .
In addition to insulting men by assuming that if women did n't lower their standards they would never marry them , Gottlieb also shares with Marie Claire her most impressive skill — psychic powers .
Observe :
I know that women in their 20s will be offended by this book , more so than those in their 30s and 40s , because when you 're young , you think , I 'm independent , self - sufficient , uncompromising , and I 'd rather be alone for the right reasons ...
You think , Sure , I want to meet my soul mate , but if it does n't happen , I 'll be OK .
You do n't actually believe it might not happen .
I did n't .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Gottlieb reads the minds not only of foolhardy singletons destined for eternal loneliness , but also of those women wise enough to get themselves hitched :
Single people always compare themselves to couples who are at the most challenging part of their marriage - they 're cranky , sleepless , fighting about child care .
But ask them if they 'd rather be single .
They would n't .
Advertisement
Of course , when Gottlieb talks about Mr. Good Enough , he does n't really sound that bad .
In addition to being " a little doughy , " he may also be short , but Gottlieb says she 's not " suggesting you pick the fat , lazy guy who repulses you . "
Obviously it 's not reasonable to expect your partner to be perfect in every way , but Gottlieb frames this reasonable tidbit of advice in more obnoxious terms :
[ T ] here are guys who are now my friends who wanted to date me back in the day , but I was n't interested because of my checklist .
Advertisement
" Checklist " is the new " picky " — a word that gets thrown around to explain why it 's women 's fault that they 're single .
Anna Kendrick 's character in Up in the Air had a checklist , and though it did seem to fit in with her arc as a naive young woman who learns that not everything in life can be done efficiently , it did n't feel terribly realistic .
Does anyone actually have a checklist ?
Or perhaps the more relevant question is : are there really a large number of women out there who want partners but can't find them because of a rigid list of relatively shallow traits ?
I do n't know any of them .
Gottlieb may have an answer .
When Marie Claire 's Lauren Iannotti asks her if she thinks " a husband is the key to your happiness , " she responds ,
It 's not about being happy or unhappy .
She then ticks off some things she likes about her life , and some things that would be easier if she had a man , but her initial answer remains the most telling .
Maybe in Gottlieb 's view , life really is n't " about being happy or unhappy , " but rather about having one 's ducks in a row , having certain things that one is supposed to have — including a husband .
And maybe people who make checklists for men graduate to making checklists for life .
Advertisement
Does Feminism Have A Place In Love ? [ Marie Claire ]
When activists and journalists can't get hold of government documents , you know things have turned serious .
OK , I 'm exaggerating a bit .
But it is a trend that you notice as a reporter ; the more things actually matter - the closer events move to what governments really hold to be important , rather than what might seem important from some agenda or fancy formal title - the closer they guard information .
So it 's interesting just how little has leaked out this week about the contents of two contrasting visions presented to a gathering of " select " countries in Copenhagen - visions that put forward radically different versions of the political deal that might be done over the next two weeks ( given that discussions on the formal treaty text are n't expected now to approach conclusion ) .
In one corner were the Danish hosts , with a formulation that reportedly repeated the attempt made at July 's G8 summit to get major developing countries to adopt the goal of halving global greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and accept 2020 as the date by which they should peak .
It was turned down in July , and it 's been turned down again .
An analysis presented at last year 's UN summit in Poznan calculated that if developed nations vowed 80 % cuts by 2050 - which most subsequently have , at the G8 summit - population growth in the developing world meant developing countries would have to make per-capita cuts of about 60 % by 2050 in order to meet the global 50 % target .
And it 's too much for developing countries to countenance .
Although a 50 % target would n't be legally binding in any meaningful sense , it would indicate that major developing economies were preparing to accept emissions cuts when their main contention is that Western nations continue to proffer too little .
Details of what precisely is in the counter - proposal - put forward by the BASIC group ( Brazil , South Africa , India and China ) - are even more sketchy .
They are thought to include a rejection of any binding constraints on emissions for developing countries , opposition to international verification of those constraints , opposition to the notion of trade tariffs on countries unwilling to curb emissions , and the continuation of emission reductions from developed nations under the Kyoto Protocol rather than any new framework , which is anathema to the US .
The BASIC nations are said to be prepared to walk out of the Copenhagen chamber if these demands are not met , presumably accompanied by other developing countries .
But as I said , discovering exactly what is written on these pieces of paper is a task that 's been beyond just about everyone outside tight government circles - an indication that the real powerplay has begun .
The waters muddied further when the Danish government denied having put a proposal forward - despite the fact that Reuters journalists had seen a text of what appeared to be such a document , and that developing country delegates had commented on what appeared to be such a document .
On Thursday , India became the last major player to put a proposal on the table , vowing to cut carbon intensity by 20 - 25 % by 2020 .
Initial reports suggested the figure was conditional on international financial support , but Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh made it clear that it is unilateral and independent of anything that anyone else might offer at Copenhagen .
As to what will be on offer financially , the US said this week that it would pay its " fair share " of the $ 10 bn per year fund that various people ( including UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , French Prime Minister Nicolas Sarkozy and UN climate convention executive secretary Yvo de Boer ) think is needed now , to show developing countries that the West is serious about helping others and to begin putting money into " no- brainer " issues such as reducing deforestation .
What does a " US fair share " look like ?
Senator John Kerry reckons $ 3bn ; like every other ingredient of these negotiations , you can bet that the Obama administration has a figure in mind , but in the best traditions of summit brinkmanship , has no intention of revealing it just yet .
Something that has intrigued runes - readers this week is the last - minute change of travel plans by President Obama himself .
Having initially decided to slot in a quick Copenhagen visit in the middle of the first week , en route to picking up his Nobel peace Prize in Oslo , it now appears he will be there for the summit 's final hours - which led Rajendra Pachauri , head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , to opine :
" This is a very significant development , which in substance and symbolism greatly enhances the prospects of a satisfactory agreement at Copenhagen . "
Dr Pachauri has been busy on another front during the week as well , calling for an investigation into the so - called " ClimateGate " affair - the hack , or leak , of e-mails and other documents from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , repository of one of the important records of global temperatures .
The university has commissioned an independent review into the issue , the most important of its terms of reference being to determine whether there is evidence of suppression or manipulation of data at odds with acceptable scientific practice which " may therefore call into question any of the research outcomes " .
The fact that the review is in the most embryonic of stages has not held some observers back from asserting that the issue either undermines the entire fabric of climate science , or that it makes no difference at all to the overall picture and is simply the latest and nastiest in a long line of smear tactics from " sceptics " .
But during the week we had the first sign that it might influence the Copenhagen negotiations , with Saudi Arabia 's lead negotiator Mohammad Al - Sabban telling the BBC that :
" It appears from the details of the scandal that there is no relationship whatsoever between human activities and climate change . "
This has been condemned in some quarters - not least by the UK government - as manifestly untrue , and mere " nonsense " .
Gordon Brown told The Guardian newspaper :
" We must n't be distracted by the behind - the - times , anti-science , flat - earth climate sceptics . "
In the meantime , it will be interesting to see how Mr Al - Sabban 's comments play out inside the wider bloc of developing countries , which includes many governments very convinced by the science of rising sea levels and scorched farmland , and very keen to see a strong deal in Copenhagen .
The ClimateGate issue appears to have gained more political traction in the US Senate , where Republicans maintain it's the " last nail in the coffin " for the Boxer - Kerry bill , which aims to limit national emissions .
Senator James
Inhofe , the leading opponent , revealed this week that he too would be in Copenhagen to make sure people know " there is no way that the US is going to ratify any kind of treaty that is anything at all like Kyoto " .
Since my last post , the Australian opposition Liberal Party has elected a new leader , the overtly climate - sceptical Tony Abbott , following a rift over whether to support or block the government 's cap - and - trade bill in the Senate .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd plans to have another go at passing the bill next year .
But it does mean that he - like Mr Obama - will not have a guarantee of domestic legislation in his hand when he arrives in Copenhagen .
OK - if I 've missed anything of note over the past seven days , do post a comment .
I 've another request , too - if you can restrain yourselves from plastering this thread with stuff about ClimateGate , please do .
There are more than 700 comments on the previous thread , the vast majority related to it .
I know from e-mails that some readers find endless picking over of climate science repetitive and boring - and when they do , they do n't read through the comments .
Fresh , pertinent and interesting are my suggestions .
See you next from Copenhagen - or should that be the Emerald City ?
We 've spent so long getting there , it almost feels like it ...
Trucking Accident John just one a multi-million dollar trucking accident case
United States v. John Doe Conspiracy to Commit Bank Robbery - Not Guilty after four - day trial in federal court .
Client charged with helping to facilitate a bank robbery with alleged cohorts .
United States v. John Doe Following two - month federal RICO trial , Client found not guilty of Attempted Murder .
United States v. John Doe Following two - week federal trial , Client acquitted ( not guilty ) of 924 ( c ) charge , involving the use of a weapon in conjunction with a violent felony or serious drug offense .
This charge would have resulted in an additional 25 - year mandatory minimum sentence .
United States v. John Doe Attorney Lynch recently represented a Defendant in a case styled United States v. John Doe ( due to the nature of the case , the client has requested to remain anonymous ) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida .
The Defendant was charged with serious internet crimes of a sexual nature and Attorney Lynch successfully urged the Court to consider the Defendant ’s background and personal characteristics before making a determination and was able to obtain a sentence of PROBATION for his client .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Attorney Lynch recently represented a Defendant charged with serious internet sexual crime in the Circuit Court for St. Charles County , Missouri .
Attorney Lynch recommended to the Court that they consider the Defendant ’s background before making a determination in the case .
Lynch was successfully able to urge the Court to sentence the Defendant to PROBATION in this case .
United States v. John Doe Attorney Lynch recently represented a Defendant for charges involving serious sex crimes in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri .
The Defendant was facing life in prison ( generally 470 months ) , and Attorney Lynch successfully urged the Court to consider the Defendant ’s age and the availability of treatment to the Defendant in creating a sentence that matched his personal needs .
Attorney Lynch was able to obtain a substantially lower sentence ( a 75 percent reduction ) for his client .
United States v. John
Doe Charged with possession of pseudoephedrine knowing same would be used to manufacture methamphetamine ( pill shopping ) .
Facing a presumptive guidelines range / term of imprisonment of 108 to 125 months , Attorney Lynch successfully urged the Court to issue a significant variance and downward departure from which he as able to obtain a sentence of 60 months for his client .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Charged with a Class C Felony DWI in the St. Charles County Circuit Court , Defendant was given PROBATION due to the diligent work of the Law Offices of John M. Lynch .
Attorney Lynch was able to secure the filing of the lesser charge of a Class B Misdemeanor for his client due to questionable evidence regarding the felony charge .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Charged with a Class D Felony DWI in the St. Louis County Circuit Court , Attorney Lynch was successfully able to amend the charge to a Class A Misdemeanor because of a forensic evidence issue .
Notwithstanding multiple priors , Attorney Lynch was able to obtain a sentence of PROBATION for his client .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Originally filed as a Manslaughter - DWI case , this St. Charles County Case had to be refiled as a Class B Misdemeanor after Attorney Lynch examined the evidence , employed an expert reconstructionist , and determined that the evidence could not attribute fault to the client .
Client received probation .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Client charged with 7th offense DWI .
Following depositions , pretrial hearings , and other litigation efforts , client and Attorney Lynch showed for trial .
Prosecuting DISMISSED all charges just prior to the start of trial .
Wrongful Death Settlement Settled significant - SEVEN FIGURE wrongful death case where family member was killed by commercial vehicle while on priveate property .
Helped family navigate a very difficult case to achive maximum compensation
Accident - Passenger in Motor Vehicle Passenger sustained significant injuries as a result of a traffic accident and was required to remain hospitalized for several weeks .
Parties settled before trial for $ 275,000.00 .
Murder for Hire Trial Attorney Lynch just completed a murder trial in federal court .
This particular case stemmed from a cold case and involved a very unique and complex set of factors requiring an experienced defense team .
Breach of Contract and Wrongful Discharge lawsuit against Client Corporation Attorney Lynch successfully represented the Defendant - Corporation .
Jury returned a defense verdict , finding in favor of Strait - Flex International , Inc. and therefore no contract and no breach .
The wrongful discharge was withdrawn by Plaintiff at the close of his evidence .
Personal Injury Cases Attorney Lynch recently settled multiple six - figure accident claims wherein the client suffered severe injuries as the result of an impaired driver .
Attorney Lynch was able to successfully negotiate a settlement that truly represented the scope and nature of his client ’s injuries .
United States v. John Doe Attorney Lynch represented this particular client , a Greek national , who was charged with multiple state and federal offenses related to the unauthorized use of prohibited software and download (s ) - an internet crime .
Attorney Lynch was referred this matter by another law firm .
Ultimately , the client was charged in both jurisdictions and faced a potential prison term of in excess of 10 to 15 years , including a mandatory minimum prison sentence in federal court .
While maintaining contact with the Greek Consulate in Chicago , Attorney Lynch entered and represented the client in both courts , AVOIDED the mandatory minimum through the DISMISSAL of the majority of charges , and successfully resolved this matter with a low sentence of one year .
The client is expecting release and deportation .
United States v. Jane Doe Defendant charged with possession of pseudoephedrine knowing same would be used to manufacture methamphetamine ( pill shopping ) .
Facing a presumptive guidelines range / term of imprisonment of 87 to 108 months , Attorney Lynch successfully urged the Court to use a 70 to 87 month starting point from which he as able to obtain a sentence of PROBATION for his client .
United States v. John Doe Charged with a federal gun crime - felon in possession , Attorney Lynch brought this case to trial on two separate occasions , each resulting in a hung jury .
Unable to secure a conviction , the Government moved to dismiss this case with prejudice .
State of Missouri v. John Doe Charged with a second offense DWI , Defendant was found NOT GUILTY following a trial wherein the State was unable to prove Defendant was operating the vehicle in question or when Defendant would have been intoxicated .
Highlighting inconsistencies in the 2389 Alcohol Influence Report , as well as other facts suggesting Defendant was not operating the motor vehicle at the time of his arrest , Attorney Lynch was able to secure the not guilty verdict .
Congratulations to the client !
United States v. Jane Doe Charged with possession of pseudoephedrine , knowing same would be used to manufacture methamphetamine , client was facing a term of imprisonment of between 37 to 46 months .
Following arguments at sentencing , Attorney John Lynch was able to successfully urge the Court to impose a sentence of PROBATION .
United States v. Jane Doe Another Defendant charged with possession of pseudoephedrine knowing same would be used to manufacture methamphetamine ( pill shopping ) .
Facing a presumptive guidelines range / term of imprisonment of 87 to 108 months , Attorney Lynch successfully urged the Court to use a 70 to 87 month starting point .
Following successful argument from Attorney Lynch regarding Defendant ’s rehabilitative efforts , as well as other personal factors , the Court imposed a term of PROBATION .
WASHINGTON , D.C. November 13 , 2009 --
A group of researchers at the City College of New York is developing a new way to generate power for planes and automobiles based on materials known as piezoelectrics , which convert the kinetic energy of motion into electricity .
They will present their concept later this month at the 62nd Annual Meeting of the American Physical Society 's ( APS ) Division of Fluid Dynamics will take place from November 22 - 24 at the Minneapolis Convention Center .
About a half - inch by one inch in size , these devices might be mounted on the roof or tail of a car or on an airplane fuselage where they would vibrate inside a flow , producing an output voltage .
The power generated would not be enough to replace that supplied by the combustion engines , but it could run some system -- such as batteries that would be used to charge control panels and other small electronic devices such as mobile phones .
Led by CCNY professor Yiannis Andreopoulos , the researchers are currently attempting to optimize these devices by modeling the physical forces to which they are subjected in different air flows -- on the roof of a car , for instance , or on the back of a truck .
When the device is placed in the wake of a cylinder -- such as on the back of a truck -- the flow of air will cause the devices to vibrate in resonance , says Andreopoulos .
On the roof of car , they will shake in a much more unsteady flow known as a turbulent boundary layer .
In Minneapolis , Andreopoulos and his colleagues will present wind tunnel data showing how the devices work in both situations .
" These devices open the possibility to continuously scavenge otherwise wasted energy from the environment , " says Andreopoulos .
Source : American Institute of Physics
After Internet Explorer 9 was officially announced this week and a few tidbits on the release were shared by Microsoft , we had the opportunity to talk to Dean Hachamovitch , General Manager for Internet Explorer , to prod him for a little more information .
The overriding theme for IE9 , he told us , is delivering a great browser for everyone , especially for developers .
The big areas Microsoft is targeting with this release are performance , interoperable standards , and text and graphics .
While Hachamovitch made sure not to talk more about IE9 beyond what was already revealed at PDC09 , he was quite happy to answer a few of our more general questions regarding Internet Explorer 's future .
We pointed out how all other major browsers ( Safari , Chrome , Firefox , and Opera ) are much more open about their development process than Internet Explorer .
Firefox and Chrome are open source , and both Apple and Opera make updates to their engines regularly available .
As a result , developers can thus follow browser progress more easily .
Furthermore , IE 's competitors have more frequent major and minor version updates , not to mention nightly builds in some cases .
In contrast , IE typically has two betas , a release candidate or two , and then a final release of another major version — and then nothing for months or years .
So we asked Hachamovitch what he thought about IE having more frequent releases and the first thing that came out of his mouth was , " God , where to begin . "
" At the core , every browser has some type of release cycle for every build , " Hachamovitch said .
" Some of the projects do nightly releases , others do n't .
The goal of any prerelease offering is to have a meaningful feedback loop .
The value to website developers of having all these drops to keep testing creates some fatigue for them because they keep testing this stream of drops .
We 're trying to balance the number of drops to just meaningful drops . "
We pressed on , though .
Although many developers may not really care much for nightlies or even point releases , it keeps them in the loop , and keeps them interested .
Frequent releases give them an easy way to track progress , even if they also bring many problems and compatibility issues .
Hachamovitch does n't feel the tradeoff is worth it .
" If we 're working on a project together and I 'm working on a draft , would you rather see four drafts with 10 or so fixes in each , or just a single one with all the fixes that you can then look over ? " he asked us .
Frequent releases generate a lot of noise but they do so at the cost of compatibility and stability , he concluded .
This analogy is an interesting one , though we 're not sure it works in the context of a Web developer community .
Not every developer will use every nightly , every beta , or even every minor point version .
Those that do , however , will blog and write about what they find , disseminate information to the broader community , and give their thoughts about what a given browser company is doing and what it should be doing .
It makes for a continuous feedback process , and is an important aspect of the development of other browsers that we feel Microsoft should adopt .
This " low - key hype " is n't there for Internet Explorer .
Even if you were to say that a major release of IE is more significant compared to any of the major releases of the competition , the reality is that every other browser has a more regular release cycle than IE does , and that keeps them relevant .
The result is a strong perception that IE is lagging behind , no matter how great the major release versions are .
A broken update system
A closely related problem for IE is its update system .
While the browser 's release cycle is n't strictly tied to the Windows release cycle , it is still dependent on it , and the browser 's updates are pushed through Windows Update .
The actual browser does n't have its own updating system , and this is a large part of the reason that over 40 percent of users are still using IE6 and IE7 .
While much of this user base consists of corporate users constrained to specific update cycles , the remaining users need to be pushed to update .
These are the users who do n't update because they do n't really feel the need , do n't know that there 's such a thing as a new version of their browser , or do n't even know what a browser is .
Microsoft has said before that it wo n't force its users to upgrade and that the final decision is theirs to make .
IE6 will continue to be supported for as long as Windows XP , the ancient OS that it shipped with , is ( Extended Support for the operating system ends April 8 , 2014 ) .
Hachamovitch made sure to point out that Microsoft does not drop support for its older versions as quickly as its competitors do , which again has its ups and downs .
Web developers would love to see these users update away from IE though , and they truly appreciate how the updating system works in other browsers .
It allows them to see improvements on a regular basis , and the users of these browsers are also more likely to upgrade if the actual browser prompts them to ( especially if it's more frequently than Microsoft releases updates for IE ) .
It 's even more likely if the browser is by default set to automatically update itself in the background .
Hachamovitch did n't state so directly , but he did n't seem interested in the idea of releasing nightly builds or minor version updates on a frequent basis .
" I agree with you that people should be running the latest version ; there are a lot of reasons to get developers on IE8 , " he told Ars .
" We 're doing everything we can . "
What Microsoft could do better
We respectfully disagree .
There are obvious things that Redmond could be doing but currently is not .
Support for old browser versions could be dropped more aggressively .
Rather than tying the IE6 , IE7 , and IE8 lifecycles to Windows XP , Vista , and 7 , respectively , which results in the remarkable situation that IE6 will be supported for more than a decade , Microsoft could cut back and give each browser , say , a lifespan of five years after the next major release .
This would still be generous ( it would mean that IE6 would continue to be supported in some capacity until 2011 ) , but far less extreme than the current policy .
Further , and perhaps most importantly , the existing Windows Update / Microsoft Update infrastructure could be used to push out new versions of IE as a compulsory update , just as is already done with essential security fixes .
Microsoft 's attitude towards IE updates serves to undermine the good work that the IE team is doing .
Though IE8 is far from perfect , it is nonetheless a vast improvement over its predecessors — but that matters little if most IE users are still using IE6 and IE7 .
If developers have to continue to target IE6 , their dislike for IE will continue , and Web development will continue to be held back .
Building a better browser is only part of the story : people have to use it , too .
Hachamovitch did indicate there was more to come in regard to pushing users towards the latest version of IE , but he would n't get into specifics .
We asked him whether IE9 would be available for Windows XP , given the graphics improvements that rely on technologies only in Windows Vista and Windows 7 , but he only said , " we 're not talking about operating system support yet . "
As for what the IE team 's goals were for the Acid3 test , Hachamovitch only disclosed that the marks IE9 will score there is just " a side effect as we deliver progress for developers . "
The IE team has always stated that it finds it much more important to implement what developers really want in their browser then making sure the browser can pass a test that does n't really cover all the bases anyway .
This stance is not unreasonable ; the Acid3 test takes a scattergun approach to the standards it tests , and as such , a high score in Acid3 is not in and of itself indicative of much .
For example , though Acid3 tests SVG vector graphics , passing Acid3 does not imply that a browser has complete support of the standard , nor even a useful subset of the standard .
So far , IE8 has been a huge improvement over IE7 , and IE7 was a big improvement over IE6 , but the fact remains that the opinion of Internet Explorer 's progress in the developer world , deserved or not , is still very low .
Is the ability for developers to track progress more valuable than the disruption caused by minor releases , or can Microsoft win back developers by continuing to improve their browser in giant leaps ?
We think it 's the former .
Getting ready for movie night at home ?
You may not be able to beat the local cineplex's huge screen or THX - certified sound system , but you can best them on drinks and snacks , starting with Bacon Pop ( $ 12/3 boxes ) .
From the same great minds that brought you Baconnaise and Bacon Salt comes this microwaveable bacon - flavored popcorn , with just the right hint of butter and outstanding real bacon taste .
Grab your favorite beer , sit down in your own recliner , and enjoy .
Denis said Ms Bruni had offered to put him up in a hotel
It is a heart - warming tale of rags and riches - or first lady and the tramp .
Carla Bruni has reportedly befriended a homeless man who lives near her home in Paris 's 16th arrondissement , giving him money and talking about music .
The wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy had even offered to put Denis up in a hotel , he told Closer magazine .
He said the two had struck up conversation as the Italian - born model and singer , 41 , passed Denis on the daily school run with her son .
" She asks after me , she gives me one or two 50 - or 100 - euro notes , " Denis , 53 , was quoted as saying by the UK's Daily Telegraph newspaper .
He added that the two discussed books or music , and the first lady had even given him a signed copy of her latest album .
But Denis turned down Ms Bruni's offer to put him up in a hotel room for a month .
" It 's not that I enjoy being in the street but I 've got my habits , " he was quoted as saying .
" People say it 's cold .
That 's true but I 'm well covered - up .
" What 's more , Carla gave me a military - type duvet , which keeps me warm . "
Denis was interviewed by Closer after Ms Bruni mentioned their conversations in an interview with Macadam , a magazine sold by the homeless .
Ms Bruni married twice - divorced French President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2008 after a whirlwind romance .
How to make butter by : Chica
This post may contain affiliate links and we may be compensated if you make a purchase after clicking them .
share it
Believe it or not , it 's super easy to make real butter at home , in about five minutes .
You even do n't have to be Laura Ingalls Wilder to do it .
All you need is a little heavy whipping cream , a pinch of salt , and a baby food jar , and you 'll end up with sweet , creamy butter that makes a tasty treat .
This is actually a wonderful rainy day activity for the kids ( or " snowy day " if you 're stuck inside all winter ) .
They 'll enjoy it and it'll keep them busy .
I remember learning this trick in Kindergarten , and the results are almost as amazing to me now as they were then .
Start by putting about 1 / 4 cup of heavy whipping cream in a clean baby food jar and securing the lid tightly .
Make sure the jar is no more than halfway full , so that the cream has plenty of room .
The temperature of the cream needs to be between 50 - 60 degrees F in order to churn , so let it sit on the counter a bit to warm up .
Trust me -- do n't try to make butter from cold cream , or else you 'll be wasting your time ( and muscles ) shaking forever until it warms up enough to actually churn .
Test with a thermometer to be sure you 're in the right range .
Then shake the jar vigorously back and forth .
As you shake , you 'll notice the cream go through several fascinating stages .
Feel free to open the jar and take a peak whenever you notice a new texture .
It will be fascinating to the kids and will give their arms a break from shaking , too .
The first change you 'll see is that the cream gets thick and smooth .
It will coat the sides of the jar completely and wo n't feel like it 's moving much inside .
At this point you have whipped cream .
( You could actually stop here and add a little powdered sugar and eat it on dessert , but we 're going to keep going ... we 're making butter today . )
A little more shaking and soon the whipped cream will get grainier and stop coating the sides of the jar .
It will still be quite floppy , though , and not firm .
Keep on shaking it , and you 'll see it start to firm up and get quite lumpy and thick .
It will start to take on a consistency like ricotta cheese ...
... and then like cottage cheese .
It will get lumpier and chunkier as you keep shaking .
Then all of a sudden you 'll hear splashing when you shake .
The fat in the cream will lump together into a ball of almost - butter and the leftover milk will start separating out .
The transformation happens in just a few seconds and is really neat to experience .
Keep shaking for a minute or so to be sure you 've got all the butter formed , and then dump it into a bowl and see what you 've got .
Look at that .
What was once cream is now butter and milk !
Pour the excess milk out , then take a spoon and press on the butter to release as much of the trapped milk as possible .
Continue to drain any milk away as you work the butter .
You can also add cold water ( then drain it off ) to rinse away any remaining milk .
This will help your butter stay fresher longer .
Then add a pinch or two of salt to perk up the flavor of the butter , and stir it well .
Your butter is ready to eat !
One quarter cup of cream will yield about a tablespoon of butter .
So the next time you have a little leftover cream and do n't know what to do with it , try making butter .
Or , if you 're out of butter and need it for a recipe and happen to have cream on hand , you can make your own .
And imagine the reaction from your friends at a tea party or baby shower as they butter their bread and you tell them " Oh yes , I made that butter myself ! "
share it
Dave Meltzer gets the story :
He 's up from his usual 187- 188 pounds as his walk - around weight to 195 - 196 , and said he 's slowly developing muscle that he will maintain .
At the same time , he emphasized that his athletic performance comes second to his health , and despite competing in a dangerous sport , he is not going to take any steps that would hinder his long - term well - being .
The 28 - year old St. Pierre said that if he gets up to 200 pounds , he may have to move up a weight class .
He 's noted that he goes against middleweights , light heavyweights and heavyweights in training all the time , and does very well against them .
The key is whether St. Pierre can continue to make 170 without a problem .
He said if and when the cut becomes too drastic , that 's when he 'll stop .
It 's in that next class up where Anderson Silva , his much talked - about potential future opponent in what would be one of the biggest matches in company history , resides as champion .
" I 'm not afraid of any man in the sport , " said St. Pierre in reference to Silva , who along with St. Pierre and Fedor Emelianenko are the three fighters most debated for the No. 1 pound - for - pound spot .
10.3k SHARES Share Tweet
Why is Christmas celebrated on December 25th ?
Most people assume that it has always been a Christian holiday and that it is a celebration of the birth of Jesus .
But it turns out that Jesus was not born on December 25th .
However , a whole bunch of pagan gods were born on that day .
In fact , pagans celebrated a festival involving a heroic supernatural figure that visits an evergreen tree and leaves gifts on December 25th long before Jesus was ever born .
From its early Babylonian roots , the celebration of the birth or “ rebirth ” of the sun god on December 25th came to be celebrated under various names all over the ancient world .
You see , the winter solstice occurs a few days before December 25th each year .
The winter solstice is the day of the year when daylight is the shortest .
In ancient times , December 25th was the day each year when the day started to become noticeably longer .
Thus it was fitting for the early pagans to designate December 25th as the date of the birth or the “ rebirth ” of the sun .
The truth is that thousands of years before there was a “ Santa Claus ” , there was another supernatural figure who would supposedly visit a tree and leave gifts every December 25th .
His name was Nimrod .
The celebration of December 25th goes all the way back to ancient Babylon .
According to ancient Babylonian tradition , Semiramis ( who eventually became known as the goddess Astarte / Asherah / Ashtoreth / Isis / Ishtar / Easter in other pagan religions ) claimed that after the untimely death of her son / husband Nimrod ( yes she was married to her own son ) , a full grown evergreen tree sprang up overnight from a dead tree stump .
Semiramis claimed that Nimrod would visit that evergreen tree and leave gifts each year on the anniversary of his birth , which just happened to be on December 25th .
This is the true origin of the Christmas tree .
On Bibletools.org , Mike Ford describes this ancient pagan tradition about Nimrod this way ….
—-
After Nimrod ’s death ( c. 2167 BC ) , Semiramis promoted the belief that he was a god .
She claimed that she saw a full - grown evergreen tree spring out of the roots of a dead tree stump , symbolizing the springing forth of new life for Nimrod .
On the anniversary of his birth , she said , Nimrod would visit the evergreen tree and leave gifts under it .
—-
On that same site , John Plunkett described the ancient pagan myth regarding December 25th in this manner ….
—-
From many ancient writings , considerable is learned of this man , who started the great organized worldly apostasy from God that has dominated this world until now .
Nimrod was so evil , it is said he married his own mother , whose name was Semiramis .
After Nimrod ’s untimely death , his so - called mother - wife , Semiramis , propagated the evil doctrine of the survival of Nimrod as a spirit being .
She claimed a full - grown evergreen tree sprang overnight from a dead tree stump , which symbolized the springing forth unto new life of the dead Nimrod .
On each anniversary of his birth , she claimed , Nimrod would visit the evergreen tree and leave gifts upon it .
December 25th was the birthday of Nimrod .
This is the real origin of the Christmas tree .
—-
From this original fable peddled by Semiramis ( the “ Queen of Heaven ” ) came the tradition for pagans to go out to the holy “ groves ” and leave gifts for Nimrod ( who later came to be worshipped as “ Baal ” ) at an evergreen tree .
Does that sound like a “ Christian ” holiday to you ?
In fact , in his classic work “ The Two Babylons ” , Alexander Hislop describes the Babylonian origins of Christmas on page 93 … .
“ Long before the fourth century , and long before the Christian era itself , a festival was celebrated among the heathen , at that precise time of the year , in honor of the birth of the son of the Babylonian queen of heaven .
It may fairly be presumed that , in order to conciliate the heathen , and to swell the number of the nominal adherents of Christianity , the Roman Church , giving it only the name of Christ adopted the same festival .
This tendency on the part of Christians to meet Paganism halfway was very early developed ; and we find Tertullian , even in his day , about the year 230 , bitterly lamenting the inconsistency of the disciples of Christ in this respect , and contrasting it with the strict fidelity of the Pagans to their own superstition . ”
In fact , the name “ Yule ” is the Babylonian word for “ infant ” or “ little child ” as Hislop describes on pages 93 and 94 of his book … .
“ That Christmas was originally a Pagan festival is beyond all doubt .
The time of the year , and the ceremonies , with which it is still celebrated , prove its origin .
In Egypt , the son of Isis , the Egyptian title for the queen of heaven , was born at this very time , ‘ about the time of the winter solstice . ’
The very name by which Christmas is popularly known among us — Yule - day — proves at once its pagan and Babylonian origin .
‘ Yule ’ is the Chaldee name for an ‘ infant ’ or ‘ little child ’ ; and as the 25th of December was called by our Pagan Anglo - Saxon ancestors , ‘ Yule - day , ’ or the ‘ Child ’s - day , ’ and the night that preceded it , ‘ Mother - night , ’ long before they came in contact with Christianity , that sufficiently proves its real character .
Far and wide , in the realms of Paganism , was this birthday observed . ”
So when you offer “ yuletide ” greetings , you are actually acknowledging Nimrod ’s birthday .
The truth is that the pagan holiday of “ Yule ” has been celebrated by the pagans of northern Europe from late December through early January for centuries and centuries .
Yule logs were traditionally lit throughout northern Europe to honor the pagan god Thor .
The festival would continue until the Yule log burned out – which could take up to twelve days .
This is where we get the so - called “ 12 days of Christmas ” .
In fact , Wiccans , neo - pagans and even many witches still celebrate Yule to this day .
Many of them think it is incredibly funny when Christians use the pagan word Yule .
Yule is one of the most important holidays for them .
The following excerpt was taken from a website on witchcraft :
— –
Birthday of the Twins :
Kemetic ( ancient Egyptian ) holy day .
Birthday of the Twins , Heru Sa Aset and Bast , children of Aset [ Isis ] .
Origin of Yule and Christmas .
On Winter Solstice Asar [ Osiris ] dies .
Aset [ Isis ] with the magick help of Nebt Het [ Nephthys ] creates a Djed Pillar [ artificial penis ] for Her husband and impregnates Herself .
For three full days ( December 22 - 24 ) Asar lies dead and the Twins grow in Aset ’s belly .
On this day ( December 25th ) the Twins are born , the reincarnation or resurrection of Their Father .
The green tree is a symbol of the green - skinned Asar , God of fertility and vegetation .
The colored lights are symbols of Aset , Goddess of magick and divine light .
Red , green , and white are the traditional candle colors of Bast ( this was Her birthday alone for several thousand years of early Kemetic history ) , later being adapted to red for Aset ( the color of the Mother ’s menstrual flow ) , green for Asar ( the color of vegetation ) , and white for the Twins ( the color of pure light ) .
— –
So where did Christmas come from ?
Well , the truth is that the word “ Christmas ” is not actually found anywhere in the entire Bible .
In fact , the word “ Christmas ” was not even invented until about a thousand years after Jesus left this earth .
The Catholic Encyclopedia even admits this ….
“ The word for Christmas in late Old English is Cristes Maesse , the Mass of Christ , first found in 1038 . ”
But Jesus was not even born on December 25th .
The reality is that it would have simply been far too cold for shepherds to be out with their sheep at night in Israel on December 25th .
The vast majority of Christian scholars now acknowledge this .
So when was Jesus actually born ?
Based on the information we have in the Scriptures , it appears that it is most likely that Jesus was born in the fall .
In particular , it seems most likely that Jesus was actually born during the Feast of Tabernacles as the video posted below demonstrates ….
So how did December 25th come to be celebrated by Christians ?
Well , by the time the Roman Empire legalized Christianity in the 4th century , most of the other religions in the empire were celebrating the birth of their gods on December 25th .
Leading up to December 25th in ancient Rome , a festival known as Saturnalia was one of the biggest celebrations of the year .
Saturnalia was a festival during which the Romans commemorated the dedication of the temple of their god Saturn .
This holiday began on the 17th of December and it would last for an entire week until the 23rd of December .
Saturnalia was typically characterized by gift - giving , feasting , singing and lots and lots of debauchery .
The priests of Saturn would carry wreaths of evergreen boughs in procession throughout the pagan Roman temples .
Later on , the Romans also started holding a festival on December 25th called Dies Natalis Solis Invicti , which means “ the birthday of the unconquered sun . ”
Basically it was a way for the empire to consolidate all of the December 25th “ sun god ” birthdays throughout the empire into one holiday .
In the year 350 A.D. , Pope Julius I declared that the birth of Jesus would be celebrated on December 25th from then on .
There appears to be little doubt that Pope Julius was trying to make it as painless as possible for pagan Romans to convert to Catholicism .
However , the new holiday did not really take off with Christians at first .
The widespread celebration of December 25th by Christians did not really get going until 378 .
It was apparently then dropped in 381 and then resurrected in 400 .
But the truth is that December 25th was celebrated as the birthday of scores of pagan gods long before it was ever associated with Jesus .
As we discussed earlier , the celebration of December 25th goes all the way back to Nimrod ( who eventually came to be worshipped as Baal ) .
Baal worship spread throughout the known world and provided the basis for all other pagan religions .
The following are just some of the pagan gods that had “ birthdays ” on December 25th … .
Mithras
Horus
Attis
Dionysus the son of Zeus
Tammuz
Hercules
Perseus
Helios
Bacchus
Apollo
Jupiter
Sol Invictus – ( The “ Unconquered Sun ” )
When the Roman Catholics decided to make December 25th a “ Christian holiday ” in the fourth century , they simply adopted a long standing pagan holiday and kept most of the same pagan traditions .
For example , the ancient Babylonian “ Christmas tree ” became known as a symbol of fertility throughout the ancient world .
The pole , balls , and tinsel ( phallus , testes , semen ) represented various aspects of male fertility , while wreaths were always fashioned in a circle to represent female fertility .
In “ The Two Babylons ” , Hislop describes some of the ancient traditions surrounding the Christmas tree on page 97 … .
“ The Christmas tree , now so common among us , was equally common in Pagan Rome and Pagan Egypt .
In Egypt that tree was the palm - tree ; in Rome it was the fir ; the palm tree denoting the Pagan messiah , as Baal - Tamar , the fir referring to him as Baal - Berith .
The mother of Adonis , the sun-god and great mediatorial divinity , was mystically said to have been changed into a tree , and when in that state to have brought forth her divine son .
If the mother was a tree , the son must have been recognized as the ‘ Man the branch . ’
And this entirely accounts for the putting of the Yule Log into the fire on Christmas Eve , and the appearance of the Christmas tree the next morning . ”
That sure puts a different spin on Christmas traditions , now does n’t it ?
Most Christians do n’t even realize that God warned us about such things in the Bible .
In Jeremiah 10:1 - 4 , God warns us against putting up these decorated trees like the pagans were doing ….
Hear what the LORD says to you , O house of Israel .
This is what the LORD says : “ Do not learn the ways of the nations or be terrified by signs in the sky , though the nations are terrified by them .
For the customs of the peoples are worthless ; they cut a tree out of the forest , and a craftsman shapes it with his chisel .
They adorn it with silver and gold ; they fasten it with hammer and nails so it will not totter . ”
The Puritans understood this .
It comes as a surprise to most Americans to learn that the Puritans once banned Christmas trees in many areas of the United States because they were considered so pagan .
According to ancient Babylonian tradition , the springtime fertility festival of Ishtar ( Easter ) was a time when the “ Queen of Heaven ” was believed to become impregnated .
Nine months later the sun god would be “ born ” or “ reborn ” .
To the ancient Babylonians , these holiday trees came to be worshipped as the “ Queen of Heaven ” , and gifts were brought to the “ groves ” of trees that had been grown in her honor and placed beneath them as offerings .
The Babylonians also used wreaths to represent the nativity of the sun , since they were objects that depicted the “ womb ” of the Earth mother .
Early Christians completely rejected these traditions .
In the 3rd century , Tertullian wrote the following about these pagan celebrations ….
“ On your day of gladness , we [ Christians ] neither cover our doorposts with wreaths , nor intrude upon the day with lamps .
At the call of public festivity , you consider it a proper thing to decorate your house like some new brothel .
We are accused of a lower sacrilege because
we do not celebrate along with you the holidays … ”
The truth is that the celebration of December 25th and most of the accompanying traditions have always been pagan .
But many Christians will protest and say that it is okay for them to celebrate December 25th because to them it is all about Jesus .
That was the same excuse that Aaron used when he and most of the rest of the people of Israel worshipped the golden calf while Moses was up on the mountain getting the Law of God .
Aaron actually said that the worship of the golden calf was being done to the Lord as we read in Exodus 32:5 … .
When Aaron saw this , he built an altar in front of the calf and announced , “ Tomorrow there will be a festival to the LORD . ”
But we know how that turned out .
God was not pleased .
At all .
In fact , He was furious .
In the same way , God is not pleased when we celebrate pagan holidays and keep traditions that have been pagan for thousands of years .
For even more on the pagan origins of Christmas , check out the following YouTube video … .
About the author : Michael T. Snyder is a former attorney who now publishes Mysteries Of The World .
His new thriller entitled “ The Beginning Of The End ” is now available on Amazon.com .
* No vote seen for “ prescription mining ” proposal
* Staffer : supports not giving up , hope to see ban later
* Ban would have hit IMS , other drug data companies
( Adds details , background , analyst comment )
By Susan Heavey
WASHINGTON , Dec 14 ( Reuters ) - A Democratic proposal to ban the collection of doctors ’ prescription records for marketing purposes is unlikely to be included as part of the Senate ’s overall health reform bill , a Senate staff member said on Monday .
A member of the staff of Senator Herb Kohl , a main sponsor of the amendment , said the change was not likely to come up for a vote or be included as part of a package of changes to be offered later by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
“ We do n’t think it ’s likely that the ... amendment will come to a vote or be included in the manager ’s amendment , ” the staff member told Reuters on the condition of not being named since debate on the bill is not finished .
Dozens of amendments have been offered as part of the Senate ’s legislation to overhaul the nation ’s $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system , President Barack Obama ’s top domestic priority .
There have been few votes on such changes so far but Democratic senators vowed to finish work on the bill as soon as this week .
A ban on so - called " data mining " would have a huge impact on pharmaceutical data companies such as IMS Health RX.N and McKesson Corp 's MCK.N Verispan that collect and sell such data for a variety of uses .
Pharmaceutical manufacturers in particular use information on doctor ’s prescribing habits to better inform their drug salespeople when they visit physician offices to market certain products .
IMS has said such data from doctors and other providers is used to help monitor safety issues , reduce costs and for other research purposes .
“ Provider level information is a critical resource , ” a spokesman for IMS said .
Shares of the company sank on Friday following news of the proposed amendment before later recovering .
Shares of the company closed up 1.65 percent at $ 20.38 on Monday .
Kim Monk , a financial analyst with Capital Alpha Partners , said the ban , if included , would have drawn fire from other Democrats and upset a crucial deal with the pharmaceutical industry .
Drugmakers earlier this year made an $ 80 billion , 10 - year deal with the Obama administration and some Senate Democrats to help fund an expansion of health insurance coverage through additional taxes and certain price agreements .
“ Reid has bigger policy concerns , ” Monk said in a research note on Friday .
The American Medical Association , which represents physicians and also backs the Democrat ’s overhaul agenda , also generates revenue from its collection of prescribing data and likely would have balked at the proposal ’s inclusion .
While Kohl ’s ban is unlikely now , supporters will continue to push for the measure in other ways , the senator ’s staff member said .
“ We hope it happens at some point . ”
As my colleague Neil Genzlinger wrote in a review on Tuesday , a new documentary on the protests in Iran , produced for PBS and the BBC , pieces together the death , and life , of Neda Agha - Soltan , the 26 - year - old protester whose last moments were caught on video on June 20 and posted online within hours .
The documentary , which can be seen in its entirety below ( our thanks to the people at PBS who made this possible ) , makes extensive use of amateur video of the protests shot the day Ms. Agha -Soltan was killed .
By combing through the amateur video of that day ’s events posted online , the producers were able to find several images of Ms. Agha -Soltan at the protest against the government on Tehran ’s streets before she was shot .
The film also includes interviews with her family and friends and with Arash Hejazi , the doctor who tried to save her .
( Be advised , the documentary also includes the graphic , disturbing images of Ms. Agha -Soltan bleeding to death on the street . )
One of the producers of the documentary , Angus Macqueen , published a long interview with Ms. Agha -Soltan ’s boyfriend , Caspian Makan , in the British Sunday newspaper The Observer this week .
In that interview , and in the documentary , Mr. Macqueen makes it clear that , despite early reports that may have been part of an attempt to protect her family , Ms. Agha -Soltan was in the streets to protest Iran ’s presidential election , which she , like many Iranians , considered fraudulent .
According to Mr. Macqueen , his sources told him , “ Neda attended virtually every demonstration – some with her mother , some even with Caspian . ”
Mr. Makan , who was imprisoned after speaking out about the killing of Ms. Agha - Soltan , recently fled Iran and spoke to Mr. Macqueen at an undisclosed location .
Last week , a college at Oxford University defended its decision to award the first Neda Agha - Soltan Graduate Scholarship in philosophy , over protests from Iran ’s government .
The Web site of Queen ’s College , Oxford announced the award :
STEVE BIERFELDT had a little tin box , packed in plain view in his carry - on bag , when he went through airport security in St. Louis last March .
He often carried the little box , he later told me .
But this time , the box would become a big deal .
Security screeners had a problem , not with the box but with the cash inside it , about $ 4,700 .
They demanded he explain where he got it .
Trouble ensued when he politely declined to do so .
He thought he was within his rights , he told me .
“ Am I being detained ? ” he asked after the regular checkpoint security search had been completed .
Yes , he was being detained .
Transportation Security Administration officers escorted Mr. Bierfeldt to a nearby interview room , where he was interrogated for more than 20 minutes by screeners and then by the police officers who were soon summoned .
GPS may now reside in everything from our cars to our smart phones , but it once all began as a military application .
So it 's perhaps ironic , if not entirely shocking , that the head of the U.S. Air Force said today that the military needs to wean itself off dependence on a GPS network vulnerable to jamming and satellite - killing vehicles .
DOD
Buzz reports that officials have confirmed that GPS has been " jammed or interfered with recently . "
Do No Evil
Google ’s announcement on Tuesday that it had detected " highly sophisticated " attacks on the email accounts of Chinese human rights activists clearly illustrates the consequences of a policy toward China based on a long - standing but faulty argument .
For 30 years , Western commentators have argued that expanded human and political rights for Chinese citizens will automatically flow from increased engagement with China on economic and security issues , and other areas of mutual interest .
But this thesis is not supported by history — or my personal experience .
In June 1989 , I stood in Tiananmen Square with thousands of other Chinese citizens demanding an end to official corruption and advocating for democratic reforms .
The Chinese communist regime was then morally bankrupt and floundering .
Its rulers were locked in a paralyzing internal debate between hard - liners and reformers .
( I urge readers to peruse the memoirs of Zhao Ziyang , who was general secretary of the Communist Party during the Tiananmen pro-democracy movement , to understand just how close Chinese citizens came to bringing democracy to our country . )
But our hopes were sorely dashed .
Today , 20 years later , the same Chinese communist regime rules China .
But it is now stronger and bolder .
Despite the country ’s overall economic success and three decades of deepening integration with the world community , the political repression of Chinese citizens continues unabated .
The recent cyberattack on Google is only one example — albeit a striking one — of the Chinese rulers ’ disregard for international standards of human rights .
In recent months , nine Uighurs have been executed by the Chinese government without even the hint of a fair trial .
On Christmas Eve , the widely respected Chinese intellectual and rights activist Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to 11 years in prison for " incitement to subvert the state . "
His alleged crime was to co-author a treatise , known as " Charter o8 , " on the failures of the current government and recommendations for bringing to China greater rule of law .
One can only imagine what our world will look like 20 years from now if the world ’s collective policy of acquiescence toward the Chinese government ’s disregard for law and human rights continues .
This latest event should serve as a wake - up call to the international community to heed the wise words of Soviet - era human rights activist Andrei Sakharov that the world cannot rely on governments that do not rely on their own people .
As such , human rights should not be viewed as a distinct issue , but as the very foundation for sustainable and just global partnerships .
Despite a clear history demonstrating that acquiescence to tyranny only emboldens tyrants — and raises the price we all ultimately must pay in defense of freedom — the current administration still clings to the tenet that human rights , in the words of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , " ca n’t interfere with the global economic crisis , the global climate change crisis , and the security crisis . "
Today , Google deserves the unanimous praise of world governments and the international business community for its brave decision to no longer censor its Chinese search engine , google.cn .
This action in defense of its mission to " do no evil " stands in stark contrast with Yahoo ’s decision , in 2005 , to hand over to the Chinese government the private emails of a Chinese journalist , Shi Tao .
Those emails were subsequently used to build a case against Shi for " divulging state secrets abroad . "
He was sent to prison for 10 years .
Unfortunately , Yahoo is not alone .
Today many companies in the IT sector and other sectors routinely acquiesce to dubious requests by the Chinese government .
But as Google now realizes , such cooperation in fact provides no insurance against security breaches and human rights violations in the future .
While I applaud Google ’s stand , I also caution it not to withdraw from China — at least , not without a fight .
Doing so would only strengthen the control of the Internet by the Chinese government , handing over the search business to Google ’s well - regulated Chinese competitor , Baidu .
Unfortunately , it seems that Google and other foreign companies operating in China are being forced to make a tough choice — comply with China ’s harsh rules , or exit .
That choice has n’t gotten any easier in the 30 years since China ’s reform period began .
Time has n’t erased the essential friction .
The burden of finding a better path forward , however , should n’t rest upon the shoulders of one company alone .
I urge President Barack Obama ’s administration , the U.S. Congress , and the U.S. business community to work together to develop principles of engagement , similar to the Sullivan Principles , which were created for dealing with apartheid - era South Africa .
Those principles should include a call for a free and uncensored Internet .
I believe that a free flow of information , more than anything else , will open the door to freedom .
Such steps will help China ’s rulers realize that they must change their behavior toward their own people if they want to be truly accepted as a member of the world community .
On a small lot tucked between conventional homes on Boise Avenue , Mark Lung is hard at work stacking bales of straw and mixing mud .
He is building a new home using local , recycled agricultural waste to form and insulate exterior walls .
Plaster made from clay , sand , lime , straw and water will be used on both the interior and exterior instead of drywall , siding and paint .
Similar in appearance to Southwestern adobes , straw bale structures are earth - friendly and energy - efficient , Mr. Lung says .
Unlike the wall in a typical home , which is about 6 inches thick , a straw - bale wall is 18 to 23 inches thick , providing greater insulation against winter cold , summer heat and sound .
Fire and pests are not a problem , advocates say , and straw is a cheap , easily renewable building material .
“ Straw makes sense .
It is the building material of the future , ” Lung says .
“ The building industry is in a real revolution , ” says Lung ’s builder , Ron Hixson , whose local company , Earthcraft , specializes in innovative , energy - efficient design and construction .
With rising construction costs and a new economy , natural materials like straw are becoming more popular .
Green building “ should reflect the earth itself , ” Lung says .
His house does : straw , dirt and sun - his passive solar design will help heat and cool the house .
Lung lived in a straw - bale house in Gunnison , Colo. , before moving to Boise .
While there , he carefully charted the temperatures over an extended period .
The outside temperature ranged from 20 to 80 degrees .
Inside , the temperature stayed between 68 and 72 - without supplemental heat or cooling .
The cost of building a straw - bale home is comparable to a conventional home .
The materials - straw , sand and clay - are cheaper .
The labor is more intensive , and includes applying multiple layers of plaster to the straw walls .
To build his home , Lung purchased 250 bales at $ 2 a bale from a Meridian farmer .
He held a “ barn - raising ” event to get his walls up .
Lung is providing much of the labor himself and is using recycled materials , which brought the costs down to about $ 86 a square foot - he ’s spending about $ 165,000 , not including land .
Building the 1,900 - square - foot home with conventional materials would have cost Lung about $ 103 per square foot .
Lung and Mr. Hixson are sharing their straw - bale building experience with other builders , architects , and students .
They hosted a workshop last month ; this month Timberline High School environmental science students will help apply a layer of “ mud ” to the house .
Lung said that almost every day , curious passers - by stop and ask about the house .
Lung gives them a tour and explains what he is building and why .
Despite their positive attributes , straw - bale homes still have n’t caught on with the mainstream in urban areas , primarily because city codes have not been updated to allow them , Hixson says .
Boise has one other straw bale structure that was built in 2000 – a 600 - square - foot addition to a conventional home – says city planning director Hal Simmons .
The city decided then to implement a straw - bale policy .
“ That ( permit ) apparently took the owner almost two years to get approved , ” Mr. Simmons said .
Editor ’s note :
For more articles about the environment , see the Monitor ’s main environment page , which offers information on many environment topics .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
First few minutes of the nightclub " Lame Horse " fire that killed over 130 early on saturday morning November 5th 2009 .
BEIJING -- Auditors discovered that 234.7 billion yuan ( $ 34.3 billion ) disappeared from public funds in the first 11 months of this year , state media said Tuesday , in a report that underscores the depth of official corruption in China .
Cases involving 67 senior officials and 164 others were handed over to judicial authorities .
Premier Wen ...
The Town of Buckeye needs a $ 250,000 armored vehicle like it needs another foreclosure sign -- but that 's what it 's getting thanks to federal largess .
The federal Homeland Security department gave Buckeye a grant for the 8.5 - ton Lenco Bearcat vehicle .
It 's supposed to arrive by May of next year , reports the West Valley View newspaper .
How utterly absurd .
Buckeye was one of the fastest growing communities in the country before the market crash , growing from 6,500 people in 2000 to nearly 40,000 now .
It 's approved plans for hundreds of thousands of new homes , says Mayor Jackie Meck on the town 's Web site .
But the town may stay small for years with the Valley 's growth stalled out , and it 's finances are in the toilet .
A recent Arizona Republic story says Buckeye is running a $ 5 million deficit and plans to lay off firefighters and cops .
Maybe the town could lease out the Bearcat to a city that can afford employees .
True , the grant requires Buckeye to lend the vehicle to other communities , if need be .
But as the View article suggests , Bearcats and their bigger siblings , BEAR vehicles , are already owned by police departments in Phoenix , Goodyear , Glendale , Tempe , and Scottsdale .
Chandler police has its BATT vehicle , and the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office has its own mini-tank ( remember when deputies used it to accidentally smash a parked car in 2004 ? )
Image : Jackie Mercandetti
​
Surely , in this economy , the Valley could make do with only seven armored vehicles .
If Janet Napolitano , Homeland Security Secretary and former Arizona governor , wants to hand out Lenco vehicles , we 'll take the overblown -- but cool - looking -- Lenco SUV ( below ) .
We guarantee our vehicle would see more use than Buckeye's .
von Redaktion Carta , 6.12.09
Für Menschen , die einen Laptop oder ein Smartphone besitzen , in deren Haushalt es aber keinen Fernseher gibt ( was vorkommt und zukünftig häufiger vorkommen wird ) , soll die GEZ - Gebühr bald um über 200 Prozent steigen .
Dies sehen Pläne für eine Neuregelung der Gebühr vor , welche die Ministerpräsidenten derzeit beraten .
Im Juni 2010 soll die Entscheidung fallen .
In der Diskussion sind zwei Gebührenmodelle .
Beiden gemeinsam ist , dass es zukünftig keinen verminderten Tarif mehr für Internetgeräte geben soll .
Auch Internetnutzer in Haushalten ohne Fernseher sollen GEZ - Vollzahler werden .
Ab 2013 sollen auch für sie jeweils rund 18 Euro pro Monat fällig werden , statt der bisherigen 5,76 Euro .
Diese Pläne hat Martin Stadelmaier , Leiter der Staatskanzlei Rheinland - Pfalz und damit Koordinator der Medienpolitik der Länder , am Rande eines Pressegesprächs in Berlin letzte Woche dieser Online - Publikation bestätigt .
Sowohl beim Modell der “ Haushaltsabgabe ” wie auch beim Modell einer “ modifizierten Geräteabgabe ” solle es zukünftig nur noch eine Abgabenhöhe geben : “ Wir diskutieren derzeit verschiedene Gebührenmodelle .
Es gibt aber noch keine Entscheidung .
Bei der Haushaltsabgabe stellt sich die Frage der PC - Gebühr nicht .
Bei der modifizierten Gerätegebühr gibt es für eine verminderte Gebührenpflicht für PCs oder Smartphones keine sachliche Begründung mehr . ”
Im Falle der “ Haushaltsabgabe ” würde die Abgabenpflicht für die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen von jeglicher Mediennutzung abgekoppelt .
Zahlungspflichtig wäre zukünftig jeder Haushalt , unabhängig vom Gerätebesitz .
Eine Abgabenbefreiung wäre nur aus sozialen Gründen möglich .
Bei einer “ modifizierten Geräteabgabe ” soll zukünftig schon der Besitz auch nur eines Gerätes aus der Gruppe TV , Radio , PC und Smartphone die volle Abgabenpflicht nach sich ziehen .
Die Beweislast soll zudem umgekehrt werden : Zukünftig soll der Gebührenpflichtige nachweisen müssen , dass er keines der Geräte besitzt – nicht mehr die GEZ .
Betroffen von diesen Neuregelungen wären jeweils auch die gewerblichen Nutzer : Auch sie müssten in Zukunft deutlich höhere Abgaben für ihre PCs und Smartphones abführen , sollten sie daneben keine Fernseher angemeldet haben .
Die Ministerpräsidenten drängen auf einen neues Gebührenmodell , weil sie um die geringe Akzeptanz der “ PC - Gebühr ” und der GEZ - Kontrolleure wissen .
Kurt Beck sagte vor einigen Monaten zu den Plänen der vom ihm geleiteten Medienkommission der Länder : “ Die Akzeptanz der Gebühr sinkt .
Die Konvergenz wird tatsächlich erlebbar , das heißt : Immer mehr Geräte können auch Rundfunk empfangen , obwohl sie hauptsächlich einem anderen Zweck dienen . ”
Die beiden neuen Modelle haben aus Sicht der Politik den Vorteil , dass es eine explizite “ PC - Gebühr ” gar nicht mehr gibt und Kontrollen durch die GEZ weniger aufwändig werden .
Zugleich soll einem Absinken der Gebühreneinnahmen durch – reale oder vermeintliche – Fernsehgeräteabstinenz vorgebeugt werden .
Internetfähige PCs sind als potenzielle Rundfunkempfänger gesetzlich voll gebührenpflichtig .
1999 wurde jedoch zunächst ein Gebührenmoratorium beschlossen .
Seit Anfang 2007 wird ein Betrag in Höhe der Radiogebühr von 5,76 Euro erhoben , falls der Nutzer nicht ohnehin mindestens ein Radio angemeldet hat .
Die Ministerpräsidenten planen , sich am 9 .
Juni 2010 zu einer Sonderkonferenz in Berlin zu treffen .
Die Staatskanzlei Rheinland - Pfalz will das Thema damit vor den zahlreichen Landtagswahlen im Jahr 2011 ( auch im eigenen Land ) hinter sich bringen .
Das neue Modell soll pünktlich zur neuen Gebührenperiode 2013 starten .
Nach einer Einigung der Ministerpräsidenten müssen alle 16 Landtage über die Änderungen abstimmen .
Aufgrund der bunten Koalitionen in den Ländern müssen damit alle im Bundestag vertretenen Parteien auch der neuen Gebühr zustimmen .
Dabei soll die neue Gebühr – egal , ob Haushaltsgebühr oder Geräteabgabe – möglichst wieder die Höhe der alten haben .
Stadelmaier : “ Wir streben an , dass die neue Gebühr wiederum die Höhe von 17,98 Euro haben wird . ”
Schon bei der Einführung der verminderten PC - Gebühr gab es im Jahr 2006 erhebliche Gegenbewegungen .
So forderten damals unter anderem der Kulturstaatsminister Bernd Neumann und die Gewerkschaft Ver.di eine weitere Aussetzung der PC - Gebühr .
Insbesondere die Höhe der Gebühr dürfte wohl für Zündstoff sorgen – auch bei solchen Internetnutzern ohne TV - Gerät , die gerne einen solidarischen Beitrag zum öffentlich - rechtlichen System leisten wollen .
Doch nun soll ein Medium , das erklärtermaßen “ hauptsächlich einem anderen Zweck ” als der Rundfunknutzung dient , trotzdem voll abgabenpflichtig werden soll .
Demnächst könnte es heißen : Neues Android - Handy gekauft – 15 Euro Grundgebühr , 18 Euro GEZ - Gebühr .
Das Thema wird uns hier sicher noch beschäftigen .
Each year between Halloween and Christmas we are barraged with reports taking the economy ’s pulse based on holiday spending .
Are we spending enough to stimulate the economy ?
Are we on track to beat last year ’s numbers ?
And , indeed , holiday spending is important for retailers , many of whom sustain themselves on activity between the goblins ’ departure and Santa ’s arrival .
While December is only one - 12th of the year , it brings at least a sixth of the year ’s business at department and jewelry stores .
But is holiday spending even good for the economy ?
The surprising answer is somewhere between maybe and not really .
The problem is that gift - giving is a very sloppy method for matching stuff with people .
As an economist , I look at the estimated $ 65 billion in holiday spending coming this year , and I see an orgy of value destruction .
To understand this , consider that every transaction in the economy has two parties , a seller and a buyer .
Sellers benefit from a transaction by getting a price that covers their costs and delivers some surplus in the form of profit .
Similarly , the sellers ’ employees and suppliers get some surplus that brings them to work chipper .
In normal - nongift - transactions , buyers also get some surplus .
They see an item for , say , $ 50 and only buy it if it ’s worth at least $ 50 to them .
This surplus is a big deal :
When your child is crying with an ear infection , you ’d gladly pay hundreds or perhaps even thousands of dollars for a cure .
Antibiotics , available for a few dollars , provide enormous surplus for buyers .
Compare this to what happens when you give a gift :
When you spend $ 50 on me , you ’re operating at significant disadvantage .
You do n’t know what I like .
I might not have been willing to pay anything for the item you purchase for me with $ 50 .
While $ 50 in spending normally produces at least $ 50 worth of satisfaction , there ’s no guarantee that $ 50 in gift spending will produce nearly as much satisfaction for the recipient .
And if you buy me something worth nothing to me , you have destroyed at least $ 50 worth of value .
You may as well have lit that sweater on fire .
Over the years , I ’ve conducted numerous surveys to compare the satisfaction derived from gifts with items people purchase for themselves .
The answer that emerges is that people value items they buy for themselves nearly 20 percent more .
This means that the $ 65 billion in annual holiday spending generates about $ 12 billion less satisfaction than it would if we spend the money on ourselves .
MEDIA ADVISORY : M09-202
Human Space Flight Review Committee Report Available Thursday
WASHINGTON – Human Space Flight Review Committee Chairman Norman Augustine will hold a press conference at 1 p.m. EDT , on Thursday , Oct. 22 , in the Zenger Room of the National Press Club , 529 14th St. NW , in Washington .
Augustine will be accompanied by committee member Ed Crawley .
Printed copies of the committee 's final report will be available during the press conference and an electronic copy of the report will be posted to the committee 's
Web site at the start of the briefing .
For committee information , materials , presentations and biographies , visit :
http://hsf.nasa.gov
The press conference will be broadcast on NASA Television 's Media Channel and streamed on the agency 's Web site at :
http://www.nasa.gov/ntv
For information about NASA and agency activities , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
We know that Goldman employees are going to get huge bonuses this year , but not everyone is equal .
Top traders and bankers will pull in several times what more typical employees get ( sometimes hundreds of times ) .
ABC News throws out some names of who will likely take down the huge pay checks .
Pierre - Henri Flamand .
London - based global head of Goldman 's purely proprietary trading group , Goldman Sachs Principal Strategies .
( Goldman apparently paid him $ 100 million a few years ago . )
Ashok Varadhan .
Global head of foreign exchange trading in North America .
( He made partner in 2002 at age 29 . )
David Heller .
Co-head of the Securities Division .
Ed Eisler .
Head of interest rate trading ( which is part of Goldman 's most profitable division , Fixed Income Commodities and Currency ) .
Raanan Agus .
The manager of Goldman Sachs Investment Partners , a $ 7 billion hedge fund created at the start of 2008 .
Marc Spilker .
Co-runs the entire massive investment management business .
( Fun detail : Spilker got into a fight with Jim Chanos over his Hampton 's shrubbery . )
Harvey Schwartz .
Head of global sales and a co-head of the firm 's securities division .
Isabelle Ealet .
London - based global head of commodities .
( She 's # 32 on Fortune 's Most Powerful Women in Business . )
Gordon Dyal .
Global head of M&A .
Richard Friedman .
Head of the merchant banking division .
Read more at ABC News >
Quoted : Rep. Hank Johnson 's limp microphone joke
" For some reason this microphone goes limp all the time .
Maybe with some Viagra we can get it to ... "
-- Rep. Hank Johnson ( D - Ga. ) , confronting a sagging microphone during his moment to speak at Wednesday 's House Judiciary Committee hearing on Internet piracy of live sports broadcasts .
Surely he knew he was on C - SPAN !
The tiniest C sort function ?
s ( a , n) int*a;{n-->1?s( a , n ) , s( a+1, n ) , n=*a , *a=a [ 1 ] , a[ n >*a] =n:0;}
GCC warning : some of the programs below need option - std=c99 .
HTML warning .
To preserve verbatim C source , naked > symbols have been left in function definitions instead of the proper HTML escape sequence .
Internet Explorer , Safari , and Firefox tolerate the lapse .
My original intuition was that something really short would be really cryptic ; and much of the code below is .
But the current winner , while unconventional in using a conditional expression instead of if , is very clean , with only one deep - C trick — the conditional subscript .
The code is " oblivious " , doing comparisons in the same order on every input of a given length ; and its running time is extraordinary !
Comparison flaw
b
c
a-1
One example of what could go wrong is that if the array address a happens to be 0 , then a\ −1 may compare high to a .
However , the situation of an array being allocated at address 0 wo n't happen in implementations of C that take address 0 to be the null pointer .
Trouble could also arise for pointers represented as base plus ( nonnegative ) offset .
In some cases the flaw only affects empty arrays and can be dispelled by the classic maneuver of declaring it a feature , not a bug : change the precondition to require n>0 .
There 's a Rep For That
Get to know your Republicans in Congress !
The snarky iPhone commercial parody way .
( Adds details , background )
WASHINGTON , Dec 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Wednesday said a “ very , very substantial ” portion of the government ’s $ 700 billion financial rescue fund will not be needed , but he warned it was premature to shutter the program entirely .
“ We are actually close to the point where I think we can wind down this program and stop making new commitments and put it out of existence , ” Geithner told the Senate Agriculture Committee .
“ We are at the point now that we are going to be able to return very , very substantial amounts of money to address the critical economic needs , the long - term fiscal needs of this country , ” he said .
The Congress approved the U.S. bailout fund in October 2008 to shore up teetering banks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers pushed the global financial system to the brink of collapse .
The program , which has about $ 210 billion remaining , is set to expire at the end of the year , unless Geithner formally informs Congress it is still needed .
His remarks on Wednesday were the clearest sign yet that the Obama administration intends to keep a portion of the funds available for further investment .
“ If you look at the U.S. financial system today , there are parts that are still very damaged , ” Geithner said , citing difficulties small businesses face obtaining credit , a still - ailing housing market , souring commercial real estate loans and mounting pressures on small banks .
“ We have to be very careful to make sure we are not prematurely taking steps that would intensify those financial headwinds , ” he said .
Some Democrats want the administration to use the fund to bolster the economic recovery and spur job creation .
Republican critics have begun to call it a “ slush fund . ”
Geithner suggested the administration would steer a middle course , mindful that the U.S. government is facing record budget deficits .
“ The president and I will be making some suggestions to the Congress in the coming weeks on what to do with this program , how to end it safely , ” he said .
( ( Reporting by Tim Ahmann , Editing by Gary Crosse ) ) ( ( tim.ahmann@thomsonreuters.com ; +1-202-898-8370 ; Reuters Messaging : tim.ahmann.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
Two actors , as their make up is applied , talk about the size of their parts .
Then into the film : Laurence Sterne 's unfilmable novel , Tristram Shandy , a fictive autobiography wherein the narrator , interrupted constantly , takes the entire story to be born .
The film tracks between " Shandy " and behind the scenes .
Size matters : parts , egos , shoes , noses .
The lead 's girlfriend , with their infant son , is up from London for the night , wanting sex ; interruptions are constant .
Scenes are shot , re-shot , and discarded .
The purpose of the project is elusive .
Fathers and sons ; men and women ; cocks and bulls .
Life is amorphous , too full and too rich to be captured in one narrative .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Du har kommet til en gammel side på HRS - webben som skulle hatt en ny URL , men vi klarer ikke finne den .
Vennligst rapporter tilbake til webmaster .
You arrived on an old page that was supposed to have a new URL on the HRS web , but we can not find it .
Please report back to webmaster .
The old URL was ( include this ) : http://www.rights.no/publisher/publisher.asp?id=59&tekstid=3073
Windows 7 and Ubuntu , despite their opposing missions , can get along like best pals on a single computer .
Here 's how to set up a dual boot system that lets you enjoy the best of both worlds in perfect harmony .
Advertisement
By default , Windows 7 takes over your boot - up process and wants to be your only OS , and Linux treats Windows like a weekend hobby you keep in a shed somewhere on your hard drive .
But I 've been dual - booting Ubuntu and some version of Windows 7 for nearly a year , and I 've learned a lot about inconveniences , annoyances , and file - sharing necessities , and now I 'll walk you through how to set up your systems to achieve a peaceful union of your dual - boot OSes .
( Both with Windows 7 already installed , and with a clean system ready for a new dual - OS existence . )
Follow through this guide , and I 'll explain how to rebuild a system from the ground up with Windows 7 and Ubuntu , with either a backed - up and cleaned - out hard drive ( recommended ) or Windows 7 already installed .
When we 're done , you can work and play in either operating system , quickly and conveniently access your documents , music , pictures , and other files without worry or inconvenience , and boot into either system without having to worry about whether Windows is going to get mad at you .
Plus , when Ubuntu 10.04 or Windows 8 come along , you 'll find it much easier to install either one without having to start over entirely from scratch .
Advertisement
What you 'll need
Windows 7 installation disc :
For clean installations , either a full installation copy or an upgrade disc is needed .
If you own an upgrade disc but want to start from scratch , there 's a way to do a clean install with an upgrade disc
For clean installations , either a full installation copy or an upgrade disc is needed .
If you own an upgrade disc but want to start from scratch , there 's a Ubuntu 9.10 installation image :
You can grab an ISO at Ubuntu.com ubuntu-9.10 - desktop-i386.iso download for 32 - bit systems , or ubuntu-9.10 - desktop-amd64.iso.torrent for 64 - bit on AMD or Intel systems ( despite the name ) .
You can download for 32 - bit systems , or for 64 - bit on AMD or Intel systems ( despite the name ) .
Blank CD or empty USB drive :
You 'll need one of these for burning the Ubuntu ISO , or loading it for USB boot .
If you 're going the thumb drive route , grab UNetBootin
You 'll need one of these for burning the Ubuntu ISO , or loading it for USB boot .
If you 're going the thumb drive route , grab All your data backed up :
Even if you 're pulling this off with Windows 7 already installed and your media and documents present , you 'll want to have a fallback in case things go awry .
Which they should n't , but , naturally , you never know .
Even if you 're pulling this off with Windows 7 already installed and your media and documents present , you 'll want to have a fallback in case things go awry .
Which they should n't , but , naturally , you never know .
Free time : I 'd reckon it takes about 2 hours to pull off two OS installs on a clean system ; more if you 've got a lot of data to move around .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Setting up your hard drive
If you 've got nothing installed on your system , or you 've got your data backed up and you 're ready to start from scratch , you 're in a great position — skip down to the " Partition your system " section .
If you 've got Windows already installed , you can still make a spot for Ubuntu , though .
Advertisement
( Only ) If Windows is already installed :
You 're going to " shrink " the partition that Windows 7 installed itself on .
Before we do that , clean out any really unnecessary applications and data from your system ( we like Revo Uninstaller for doing this ) .
Also , open up " Computer " and take note of how much space remains on your main hard drive , presumably labeled " C : " .
Head to the Start menu , type " disk management " into the search box , and hit Enter .
Windows 7 probably put two partitions on your hard drive : one , about 100 MB in size , holding system restoration data .
We do n't want to touch it .
Right - click on the bigger partition to the right , and choose Shrink Partition .
Advertisement
After a little bit of hard drive activity and a " Please wait " window , you 'll get back the size you can shrink your Windows partition by .
Advertisement
If the space Windows offers does n't jibe with what your Computer view told you was " remaining , " you might need to hit Cancel , then head back and defragment your hard drive , and take some of the steps laid out by the How - To Geek .
Run the Disk Management tool again and try a Shrink Volume operation again , and free up as much space as you can .
Advertisement
Partition your system :
You 're aiming to set up a system with three partitions , or sections , to its hard drive :
One lean partition for the Windows operating system and applications running from it , another just - big - enough partition for Ubuntu and its own applications , and then a much larger data partition that houses all the data you 'll want access to from either one .
Documents , music , pictures , application profiles — it all goes in another section I 'll call " Storage " for this tutorial .
How do you get there ?
We 're going to use GParted , the Linux - based uber - tool for all things hard drive .
You could grab the Live CD if you felt like it , but since you 've already downloaded an Ubuntu installer , you can simply boot a " live , " no -risk session of Ubuntu from your CD or USB stick and run GParted from there .
Once you 're inside Ubuntu , head to the System menu in the upper left when you get to a desktop , then choose the Administration menu and GParted under it .
Advertisement
You 'll see your system 's hard drive and its partitions laid out .
You 're going to create partitions for Linux and your storage space , but not Windows — we'll let the Windows installation carve out its own recovery partition and operating space .
On my own system , I give Windows 15 GB of unallocated space , and Ubuntu another 15 GB of space right after it , with whatever 's left kept as storage space .
Then again , I 've only got a 100 GB hard drive and do n't run huge games or applications , so you can probably give your two operating systems a bit more space to grow .
Advertisement
Click on the unallocated space and hit the " New " button at the far left .
In the " Free space preceding " section , click and hold the up button , or enter a number of megabytes , to leave space for Windows at the front .
When you 've got the " space preceding " set , set the actual size of the Ubuntu partition in the " New Size " section , and leave " Free space following " alone .
Choose " unformatted " under file system — we'll let Ubuntu do the format itself and hit " Add . "
Back at the main GParted window , click on the space to the right of your two OS spaces , hit " New " again , and set the file system as " ntfs . "
Give it a label like " Storage , " hit " Add , " and at the main GParted window , hit the checkmark button to apply your changes .
Once it 's done , exit out of GParted and shut down the system from the pull - down menu in the upper - right corner .
If Windows is already installed :
If you 've shrunk down its partition for free space and booted into a live Ubuntu or GParted , click on the " Unallocated " piece next to the two " ntfs " partitions that represent your Windows 7 installation and system recovery tools .
Create a 15 ( - ish ) GB unformatted partition , and give it a label like Ubuntu .
If you 've got a good deal of space left , format it as " ntfs " and label it something like " Storage . "
If you can just barely fit the Ubuntu partition , you can just keep your media files in the Windows partition — until you can remedy this with a full wipe - and - install down the line .
Advertisement
Experienced Linux geeks might be wondering where the swap space is going — but do n't worry , we 'll create one , just not in its own partition .
Installing and configuring Windows
Grab your Windows 7 installation disc — either a full copy or modified upgrade disc , and insert it into your DVD drive .
If your system is n't set up to boot from CD or DVD drive , look for the button to press at start - up for " Boot options " or something similar , or hit up your system maker 's help guides to learn how to change your boot order in the BIOS settings .
Advertisement
Follow through the Windows 7 installation , being sure to choose " Custom " for the installation method and to point it at that unallocated space we created at the beginning of your hard disk , not the NTFS - formatted media / storage space we made earlier :
Advertisement
Work your way through the Windows 7 installation , all the way until you reach the Windows desktop .
Feel free to set up whatever programs or apps you want , but what we really want to do is set up your Storage partition to house your pictures , music , video , and other files , and make your Libraries point to them .
Hit the Start menu , click Computer , and double - click on the hard drive named " Storage " ( assuming you named it that earlier ) .
In there , right - click and create new folders ( or hit Ctrl + Shift + N ) for the files you 'll be using with both systems .
I usually create folders labeled Documents , Music , Pictures , and Videos — I could also see folders for saved games and data files from big software packages .
Copy your media files into these folders now , if you 'd like , but we 've got a bit more tweaking to pull off .
Advertisement
In the left - hand sidebar , you 'll see your " Libraries " for documents , music , pictures , and video .
At the moment , they point to your Public shared folders and the My Pictures - type folders on your main Windows drive .
Click once on any of the Libraries , and at the top of the main panel , you 'll see text stating that this library " Includes : 2 locations ... " .
Click the blue text on " 2 locations , " then click on each of the folders below and hit " Remove " on the right - hand side .
Now hit " Add " and select the corresponding folder on your Storage drive .
Do the same for all your music , pictures , videos , and other media folders .
Advertisement
Want to add another library for quick access ?
Right - click somewhere on the desktop , choose New - > Library , and follow the steps .
That 's about it for Windows .
Now get your Ubuntu CD or USB stick ready and insert it in your system .
Ignore whatever auto - play prompts appear , and restart your system .
Advertisement
Installing and configuring Ubuntu
Restart your computer , this time booting from your Ubuntu Live CD or USB boot drive .
When your system boots up , choose your language , select " Try Ubuntu without any changes to your computer , " and you 'll boot into a " live " desktop , run entirely off the CD or USB stick .
Once you 're booted up , try connecting to the internet from the network icon in the upper - right — it helps during the installation process , ensures your network is working , and gives you something to do ( Firefox ) while the system installs .
Advertisement
Click the " Install " link on the desktop , and fill out the necessary language / location / keyboard info ( most U.S. users can skip through the first 3 screens ) .
When you hit the " Prepare disk space " section , select the " Specify partitions manually " option , then hit Forward .
Select the free space that 's after your first two Windows partitions with ntfs formats , then hit the " Add " button at bottom .
Your partition should already be sized correctly , and the only thing to change is set " / " as a mount point .
Here 's what your screen should look like :
Advertisement
Click OK , then finish through with the Ubuntu installation .
If it catches your Windows 7 installation , it might ask if you want to import settings from inside it — you can , if you 'd like , but I usually skip this .
Wait for the installation to finish , remove the CD or thumb drive , and reboot your system .
When you start up again , you 'll see a list of OS options .
The only ones you need concern yourself with are Windows 7 and the top-most Ubuntu line .
You can prettify and fix up this screen , change its settings , and modify its order later on .
For now , let 's head into Ubuntu .
Advertisement
We 're going to make the same kind of folder access change we did in Windows .
Click up on the " Places " menu , choose " Home Folder , " and check out the left - hand sidebar .
It 's full of links to Documents , Pictures , and the like , but they all point to locations inside your home folder , on the Linux drive that Windows can't read .
Click once on any of those folders , then right - click and hit Remove .
Advertisement
You should see your " Storage " partition in the left - hand sidebar , but without that name — more like " 100 GB filesystem . "
Double - click it , type in the administrator password you gave when installing , and you 'll see your Documents , Music , etc .
Click and drag those folders into the space where the other folders were , and now you 'll have access to them from the " Places " menu , as well as any file explorer window you have open .
Advertisement
Ubuntu wo n't " mount , " or make available , your Windows 7 and Storage drives on boot - up , however , and we at least want constant access to the Storage drive .
To fix that , head to Software Sources in the System -> Administration menu .
From there go to Applications , then the Ubuntu Software Center at the bottom .
Under the " Ubuntu Software " and " Updates " sections , add a check to the un-checked sources , like Restricted , Multiverse , Proposed , and Backports .
Hit " Close , " and agree to Reload your software sources .
Advertisement
Finally !
Head to the Applications menu and pick the Ubuntu Software Center .
In there , search for " ntfs- config , " and double - click on the NTFS Configuration Tool that 's the first result .
Install it , then close the Software Center .
If you 've got the " Storage " or Windows 7 partitions mounted , head to any location in Places and then click the eject icon next to those drives in the left - hand sidebar .
Now head to the System -> Administration menu and pick the NTFS Configuration Tool .
You 'll see a few partitions listed , likely as / dev/sda1 , / dev/sda2 , and the like .
If you only want your storage drive , it should be listed as / dev/sda3 or something similar — just not the first or second options .
Check the box for " Add , " click in the " Mount point " column to give it a name ( Storage , perhaps ? ) , and hit " Apply . "
Check both boxes on the next window to allow read / write access , and hit OK , and you 're done .
Now the drive with all your stuff is accessible to Windows and Linux at all times .
Advertisement
Adding swap to Ubuntu
" Swap " memory is a section of the hard drive that your system 's memory spills over into when it gets full and busy .
Until recently , I 'd been creating a whole separate partition for it .
Recently , though , I 've found that swap is n't always necessary on systems with a large amount of memory , and that swap can simply be a file tucked away on your hard drive somewhere .
Advertisement
Follow the Ubuntu help wiki's instructions for adding more swap , but consider changing the location they suggest putting the swap file — / mnt / swap / for the place your Storage is held — / media / Storage , in my case .
Share Firefox profiles and more
That 's about it for this guide to setting up a harmonious Windows and Ubuntu existence , but I recommend you also check out our previous guide to using a single data store when dual - booting .
It explains the nitty - gritty of sharing Firefox , Thunderbird , and Pidgin profiles between Linux and Windows for a consistent experience , as well as a few other dual - boot tricks .
Advertisement
You might also want to consider creating virtual machines with VirtualBox for those moments when you 're in one OS and need to get at the other .
Ubuntu is free to create as many instances as you want , of course , and Windows 7 ( Professional and Ultimate ) are very friendly with non-activated copies — not that either can't be otherwise activated in cases where it 's just a double - use issue .
Advertisement
What 'd I miss that makes Windows 7 and Ubuntu 9.10 get along even better ?
What needs clarifying or fixing ?
Tell us your questions and solutions in the comments .
For Palin 's book sales , all press is good press .
And for the press , Palin is all good for the bottom line .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO The Palin- media co-dependency
Sarah Palin talked on the campaign trail about trying to get around the elite media filter , but this week she ’s pushed her way straight through it .
And the media - liberal and conservative , bloggers and network anchors - have responded by dedicating magazine covers , air time and online real estate to everything related to the book - promoting , media - bashing former governor of Alaska .
No matter where Palin goes , the media follow - Andrea Mitchell even hosted her MSNBC show Wednesday from the Barnes & Noble in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where Palin ’s scheduled to sign books .
Advertisement
For Palin ’s book sales , all press is good press .
And for the press , Palin is all good for the bottom line .
“ I think it ’s a great symbiosis , ” said Tina Brown , editor - in - chief of The Daily Beast .
“ Everybody is using everybody . ”
Brown ’s site , like almost every one covering politics and culture ( including POLITICO ) , has had plenty of Palin coverage — three of seven stories featured prominently on the homepage Tuesday night were about her .
Once dubbed the “ queen of buzz ” herself in Manhattan ’s media world , Brown said Palin stories are still “ traffic - bait , ” and serve as a big draw for online readers .
But Palin ’s presence can help media companies the old - fashioned way , too .
“ Newsweek is using her to up the sales of the magazine , and she ’s using Newsweek to up the sales of her book , ” Brown said .
By its provocative Palin cover , which recycled a photo of her in gym shorts that had been taken for Runner ’s World magazine , Newsweek guaranteed attention – and perhaps the added bonus of Palin herself criticizing it .
Addressing the controversy over whether the cover was sexist on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America , ” Palin told Barbara Walters that the picture was “ a wee bit degrading ” and “ cheesy . ”
For the networks , a Palin interview is something to be savored , not just for one day , but for many .
Walters sat down twice with Palin over the past week , and most of that footage wo n’t air until Fridays ’ 20 /20 .
In the meantime , ABC has used footage not only on GMA but “ World News with Charles Gibson , ” and “ Nightline . ”
Jeffrey Schneider , a senior vice president and spokesperson for ABC News , said that the network had an “ avalanche of material to use ” across multiple platforms , and wo n’t even exhaust it all with the segments airing before the lengthier Walters interview .
“ My sense is that the 20/20 piece will incorporate some bits of what you ’ve seen during the week , but there will be a ton of new material , ” Schneider said .
Fox will have its own roll - out .
Palin will appear on “ Hannity ” Wednesday night , and “ The O’Reilly Factor ” will feature segments from a Palin interview Thursday , Friday and next Monday .
As part of the symbiotic relationship , Palin has been taking pot shots at the media , both old enemies from the 2008 campaign like CBS ’s Katie Couric and new ones .
While talking to Oprah Winfrey on Monday , Palin kept referring to Couric as “ the perky one ” and in her book she spends a number of pages on her “ seemingly endless serial chat with the lowest - rated news anchor in network television . ”
( Winfrey ’s sit - down scored the show ’s highest ratings in two years ) .
Interviewed by National Review yesterday , she was asked about New York Times columnist David Brooks calling her “ a joke ” on Sunday ’s episode of ABC ’s “ This Week . ”
“ Whatever , ” she said , adding that “ If I ’m worried about what he and everybody else said about me , then I ’d be hunkered down in Alaska , hiding out . ”
After the Associated Press fact - checked Palin ’s book , relying on the 11 staffers in the process , she called out the world ’s oldest news organization on Monday for doing “ opposition research . ”
In the case of Andrew Sullivan , the Atlantic blogger , an old battle has been reengaged .
“ Formerly reputable outlets like the Atlantic ran with the loony conspiracy theory that I was not Trig ’s mother — perhaps it was Bristol or Willow , they suggested , ” Palin wrote in her book , a thinly - veiled reference to Sullivan .
Sullivan , who at one point requested confirmation from the campaign that Palin was Trig ’s mother , told POLITICO that “ it ’s another untruth ” and that he “ never aired any conspiracy stories .
But over the last few days he has seemed a man possessed .
Sullivan not only live - blogged Palin ’s appearance on Oprah , but his Daily Dish blog included over two - dozen Palin - related items over a two day period .
Finally , on Wednesday , Sullivan informed readers that the blog was going silent in order to adequately read the book by Palin , who he describes as a “ delusional fantasist ” and “ deeply disturbed person . ”
“ Since the Dish has tried to be rigorous and careful in analyzing Palin 's unhinged grip on reality from the very beginning – specifically her fantastic story of her fifth pregnancy – we feel it 's vital that we grapple with this new data as fairly and as rigorously as possible , ” Sullivan wrote .
“ That takes time to get right .
And it is so complicated we simply cannot focus on anything else . ”
Other sites where readers might be expected to have a harsh take on Palin has benefited from her week back in the spotlight .
On Huffington Post Wednesday , the site ’s most popular story was “ The 18 Biggest Falsehoods in Palin ’s book , ” which included over 3,700 reader comments .
Items on Palin / AP and Palin / Brooks brought in over 3,000 and 2,700 comments , respectively .
Partisan sites on the right have also cashed in on the enthusiasm for Palin coverage .
On Wednesday , National Review promoted editor Rich Lowry ’s interview with Palin — “ The Rogue , on the Record : A chat with Sarah ” — right above “ rogue , ” a blog launched this week for all things Palin .
Lowry told POLITICO that the magazine has done temporary , topical blogs when “ something ’s really hot , ” with previous ones devoted to the health care debate or the 2009 election .
“ She just has an extremely intense following and there ’s a celebrity - style following that no one has but Obama , ” Lowry said .
“ She ’s a political phenomenon and has dominated the political world this week . ”
The blog has been generating good traffic , Lowry said , adding that Palin pieces have been some of the site ’s most read , along with weightier fare ( the upcoming trial of alleged Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ) .
On the “ rogue ” blog , there ’s everything from 2012 speculation to photos of people lining up as the book went on sale to YouTube clips from this week ’s media interviews — that includes the 30 - second promotional clip for “ The O’Reilly Factor . ”
Is the end near ?
Not really .
Along with the forthcoming
Fox interviews — and radio hits with conservative talkers like Laura Ingraham — that ’s a lot more new Palin material for the rest of the media to chew over well into next week .
That ’s in addition to the book tour that is likely to bring out members of the press from Washington and New York City .
In “ Going Rogue , ” Palin wrote that “ 90 percent of the newspeople covering [ the first McCain - Obama ] debate were liberal , ” and later poked fun at the members of the elite media who trekked out to meet her on a boat in Alaska following her resignation in July — a group that included Mitchell .
“ Now I wanted to see Andrea and her colleagues sporting fish - slimed waders , banging around in a skiff , struck in the mud , and trying to pull themselves over the bow , ” Palin wrote .
“ At the very least they ’d see there ’s no diva in me . ”
Whether on calms waters in Alaska or Grand Rapids , Mitchell and the rest of the media has proven they ’ll go to whatever lengths for a shot of Palin .
Be a part of the daily political debate with PROJECT POLITICO powered by YouTube .
Click here to submit your video now and be featured on POLITICO.com .
A few weeks ago , Thomas Murray , the principal of Danvers High School , banned the word meep from his school .
Parents and students were warned , by automated calls and e-mails , that saying ( or even “ displaying ” ) the word meep would be grounds for suspension .
Supposedly , students at Danvers were meeping in “ disruptive ” ways , and had n’t responded to teachers ’ and administrators ’ requests to , well , quit it already , leading to the all - out ban .
“ It has nothing to do with the word , ” Murray told The Salem Evening News .
“ It has to do with the conduct of the students .
We would n’t just ban a word just to ban a word . ”
News of the ban made for a moderately sized sensation , full of entertaining elements - a ( possibly ) overzealous principal ( who also forwarded e-mails containing the word meep to the local police ) , Muppet references ( meep , as we all know , is what the hapless lab assistant Beaker says , often as things explode and catch fire around him ) , Road Runner references ( with learned commentary at blogs such as Language Log , where it was pointed out that the fleet - footed bird ’s beep - beep sounds more like meep - meep , with a spectrogram to prove it ) , students wearing “ FREE MEEP ” T - shirts , and social media references ( the students allegedly used Facebook to coordinate their meeping ) .
A large part of the joy of the story , though , is the word meep itself .
If the principal had banned a different four - letter word , some run -of - the - mill obscenity , another nonsense word ( Monty Python ’s ni ! , anyone ? ) , or even a different silly word such as rutabaga or spork , the reaction probably would n’t have been so gleeful .
The very sound of meep is cheering :
The long-e sound forces the face into a smile ( like saying cheese for a photograph ) , and research has shown that even a forced smile can result in an improvement in mood .
Since meep is “ not even a real word ” and “ does n’t mean anything in particular ” ( as Danvers students Mike Spiewak and Melanie Crane have said in interviews ) , it can be made to mean just about anything : UrbanDictionary.com lists more than 70 separate user - contributed entries for meep , showing a word that is so versatile that it “ may be used to substitute swear words or greet a person hello . ”
Most of the UrbanDictionary entries are fairly innocuous - “ the sound made when one ’s nose is touched affectionately ” and “ a person that would prefer to do something boring while others have fun ” - but many are unprintable .
The word ’s versatility was also called out in Connie Eble ’s Campus Slang report from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in spring 2008 , defined by students as “ MEEP - / mip / sound sequence that can in context have a range of meanings , e.g. , greeting or farewell , expression of surprise or happiness , expression of pain , etc. From the Muppets . ”
News stories and blog posts ( and especially the commenters thereon ) have picked up meep ’s vagueness and mutability and enlarged upon it .
Combine a blank slate like meep and the natural tendency of English to produce new words with suffixes and affixes ( and then throw in a little paronomasia , or punning ) and you have plenty of scope for meep - related fun .
The students ( meepsters or meepers ) were supposedly planning a mass - meeping , at which people might get meeped , which of course would cause meep - ruption .
Meep proved to be an excellent word for expressing disapproval of the ban - “ Oh , for meep ’s sake , ” “ Read it and meep , ” - although one commenter at the popular discussion site MetaFilter felt the story merited the stronger “ Jesus mept , ” and another picked up on a popular conspiracy - theory trope with a rousing “ WAKE UP MEEPLE ! ”
And the e-mails containing meep that Murray forwarded to the police ?
They may have been sent at the behest of members of the Facebook “ MEEP ” group ( which currently has more than 5,000 members ) who encouraged others to meep - roll the school administrators .
Of course , meep is n’t the first word of deliberate vagueness to catch on with those interested in tweaking authority .
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , we know from the song , sounds “ atrocious , ” but what does it mean ?
( Whatever you want it to mean , said Mary Poppins . )
Similarly , has anyone ever determined what was on the line when people on TV’s “ Laugh - In ” said : “ You bet your sweet bippy ” ?
Even the show ’s hosts , Dan Rowan and Dick Martin , were unsure - as they told The New York Times in 1968 , “ We do n’t even know … they ’re just funny . ”
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , bippy , and meep all reinforce a truth about language that we rarely stop to think about :
All words mean only what we all collectively agree they should mean , no more and no less .
In Danvers , meep came to mean : “ We ’ll obey your rules when we feel like it . ”
And that , in the end , made it a dirty word .
E-mail Erin McKean at erin@wordnik.com .
For past columns , go to www.boston.com/ideas.
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Serious Sam HD : The First Encounter reminded me of the simple joys of wave - based shooting mayhem , and news of Serious Sam HD : The Second Encounter only made me happier .
However , the news we all want to know is this :
Is Serious Sam 3 ever going to arrive , and if so , when ?
Well , we put that question to Croteam boss Roman Ribaric in no uncertain terms , and we were pleased with the answer .
Serious Sam 3 is totally still in the works , and what 's more , we should be hearing more about it very soon .
" Serious Sam 3 is happening for sure , " Ribaric tells us .
" It is currently planned to be finished in 2010 . "
There you have it .
A brand new , all - original , ball - busting adventure for Sam " Serious " Stone by 2010 .
In the meantime , Destructoid has much more Serious Sam discussion on the way as part of a neat interview we ran with Roman .
Stay tuned for Destructoid for much more exclusive Serious Sam fun !
Design Post Construction Design
Having an experienced general contractor in your corner from day one can be the difference between creating your dream home and having a dream .
We always suggest having a general involved before plans are made .
Scope of work , budget , material availability , and local building code are extremely helpful in the planning phase .
Be glad there is a comic here because Tony spent all week sinking in some mud while Wes carefully started crossing a rickety canyon bridge .
Recently by Gary North : Dr. Keynes ’s Health Care Prescription
Back in 2002 , I wrote a review of It ’s a Wonderful Life .
In that review — written in the midst of the housing bubble — I offered this analysis of the savings and loan industry and its effects .
In Anno Domini 2002 , we have been told that what has saved the American economy , and hence the world ’s economy , from the miseries of a deep recession is the housing market .
There is cheap mortgage money available , and Americans are now re-financing their homes .
Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac are merely the Bedford Falls Building & Loan Society gone national and federalized through presumed loan guarantees for investors .
Odd as it may sound , in this recent real - life remake of It ’s a Wonderful Life , George Bailey is played by Alan Greenspan .
He has received generally favorable reviews .
. . .
The message : George Bailey made a difference because he helped depositors make loans to each other that were secured by real estate .
That was the mode of national redemption in 1946 , after a decade of depression and half a decade of war : “ Own your own home ! ”
On this theological foundation was built Levittown and the other post - War tracts .
Exactly how Bailey did this during the Great Depression , the movie never says .
In the real world , building and loan associations did it because the U.S. government changed the laws under Roosevelt ’s Administration regarding fractional reserve banking .
There would be no more bank runs .
The government would insure against this .
It would make safer what fractional reserve bankers had feared most : borrowing short ( accepting deposits that were redeemable on demand ) and lending long ( 30 - year loans at a fixed rate on real estate ) .
Then the government inflated the currency , raising interest rates , but also raising people ’s dollar - denominated net worth through rising prices on their homes .
Lenders then made additional loans based on rising property values : more valuable collateral .
And so it goes , even today : the Federal Reserve System ’s policy of depreciating the dollar in order to keep home owners happy .
Mortgage investors are now locked into investments that will plummet in value if price inflation raises long - term interest rates .
The system will either implode in deflation in one long bank run that will not end after one day at 6 p.m. , or else the creditors who extended the mortgage loans will see their investments wiped out through mass inflation .
This is why , in a future remake of It ’s a Wonderful Life , Alan Greenspan will star as Uncle Billy .
In 2002 , I thought that Alan Greenspan should star as Uncle Billy .
Now I know that Ben Bernanke was made for this role .
In 2008 , we saw the results of Greenspan ’s inflation , which was followed by the reduction of monetary inflation by Bernanke , beginning as soon as he came into office in February 2006 .
That change in policy guaranteed a recession , as I said at the time .
It guaranteed the popping of the housing bubble , which I also said at the time .
Today , Bernanke ’s FED is expanding the money supply at rates that dwarf Greenspan’s .
The FED is keeping the federal funds interest rate close to zero , not Greenspan ’s measly 1 % .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
A new study carried out at the University of Haifa has found that the hormone oxytocin , the " love hormone , " which affects behaviors such as trust , empathy and generosity , also affects opposite behaviors , such as jealousy and gloating .
" Subsequent to these findings , we assume that the hormone is an overall trigger for social sentiments : when the person 's association is positive , oxytocin bolsters pro-social behaviors ; when the association is negative , the hormone increases negative sentiments , " explains Simone Shamay - Tsoory who carried out the research .
Previous studies have shown that the oxytocin hormone has a positive effect on positive feelings .
The hormone is released in the body naturally during childbirth and when engaging in sexual relations .
Participants in an experiment who inhaled the synthetic form of the hormone displayed higher levels of altruistic feelings , and it is supposed that the hormone plays an important role in the formation of relationships between people .
However , in earlier studies carried out by other investigators with rodents , it was found that the hormone is also related to higher levels of aggression .
Therefore , it was decided to examine whether the hormone also affects negative social sentiments .
The present study , which was published in the journal Biological Psychiatry , included 56 participants .
Half of the participants inhaled the synthetic form of the hormone in the first session and were given a placebo ( a dummy drug ) in the second session ; the others were given a placebo in the first session and oxytocin in the second session .
Following drug administration each participant was asked to play a game of luck along with another competitor , who was in fact -- and without their knowledge -- a computer .
Each of the participants was asked to choose one of three doors and was awarded the sum of money that was hidden behind that door .
Sometimes the participant gained less money than the other player , and sometimes more , creating conditions in which a person might well develop feelings of envy and gloating .
The findings show that those participants who inhaled the " hormone of love " displayed higher levels of envy when the opponent won more money and of gloating when they were ahead .
Another interesting result was that as soon as the game was over , no differences between the participants were evident with regards to these sentiments .
This indicates that the negative feelings were empowered only in the course of the game itself .
" Following the earlier results of experiments with oxytocin , we began to examine the possible use of the hormone as a medication for various disorders , such as autism .
The results of the present study show that the hormone 's undesirable effects on behavior must be examined before moving ahead , " Dr. Shamay - Tsoory concludes .
Bicyclists in Brooklyn were upset when Mayor Bloomberg recently closed a bike lane in Williamsburg over purported safety concerns .
But they were even more upset when rumors started circulating that it had more to do with the neighborhood ’s ultra-Orthodox Jewish residents , who complained of seeing too many scantily - clad female bikers .
To protest this decision , Brooklyn bicyclists planned what they called a “ Freedom Ride ” , or , more accurately , a topless ride .
But when the day came , temperatures were too low to go without some sort of insulation .
So many of the bikers pinned fake breasts over their clothes .
Haaretz reported on the event :
The bike lane battle is pitting Hasids against hipsters and , in some cases , Jew against Jew .
Those who say safety is the main reason for doing away with the lane “ are lying , ” says Herzfeld , who was born a Satmar but says certain practices should be abolished .
“ The mayor made a deal with religious fanatics trying to enforce old traditions that do n’t belong in the 21st century , ” he said .
Our own Nathan Schneider also covered the protest over at Religion Dispatches :
It was sponsored by Candy Rain , “ a lifestyle magazine for women that love d** ks , ” according to Calisha Jenkins , who works for the magazine .
She said in an interview while riding her bike , “ They ’re essentially moving it because they do n’t want to look at girls dressed like sluts .
And I want to dress like a slut . ”
Lead organizer Heather Loop , a 27 - year - old bicycle messenger with a purple fixed - gear and a septum ring , added , “ I feel like they ’re forcing their beliefs on us .
It ’s in the Bill of Rights to not force your religion on anybody . ”
The evening ’s weather turned out to be especially hostile , with a snowstorm already underway , so all the cyclists remained fully clothed .
Of the 40 or so present , at least half were journalists , disappointed to miss the prime photo - op of more - than - half - naked hipsters and bewildered Hasidim .
Many rode with the activists as part - participant , part - observer .
Trailing them , with lights flashing , was a police car and a van full of officers at the ready .
Having lived in Williamsburg , I can attest to the tension that exists between the Hasidic community and other residents of the neighborhood .
It ’s somewhat predictable , if not understandable .
The Hasidic community live very separately and tend not to interact with anyone who is not Hasidic , unless it ’s for business .
Meanwhile , the young hipster population has very little patience for any kind of conservative religious behavior .
While hipsters would like to perceive themselves as liberal and tolerant of all cultures , their decision to protest in a way that effectively shoves the very thing Hasidic people find offensive ever further in their faces is ironically fascistic in its attitude .
It would be so much more effective to win over the Hasidic community and target the city instead .
Rather than go to the extreme of riding topless , cyclists could meet with Hasidic people and show themselves as respectful neighbors who want to hear their complaints .
Perhaps some kind of understanding could be met .
Perhaps not .
But the simple act of neighborly outreach could go a long way .
Nathan , in an essay on the controversy at The Huffington Post , suggested ways of doing so :
The city has added hundreds of miles of bike lanes in recent years , and bicycle commuting has more than doubled since 2000 as a result .
I see new lanes being added all the time and feel grateful every time I do .
Each one lowers my chances of getting whacked by a taxi .
As the city finally starts investing in keeping us safe , it is time for cyclists to do our part .
“ There is not a single community board meeting about bike lanes where cyclist behavior is not an issue , ” says Wiley Norvell of Transportation Alternatives .
His organization has launched Biking Rules !— a program to encourage more responsible riding in New York City .
The rules are simple and , from now on , I ’m going to do my best to follow them : Pedestrians come first .
Stop at red lights , and do n’t ride against traffic .
Obey the laws .
Wear a helmet , and use a light in the dark .
More importantly , however , the cyclists should go after Bloomberg , who seemingly cares about New York ’s image as a clean and sustainable city .
Given the climate crisis , it is completely unacceptable for a mayor to discourage biking .
It ’s just sad when the petty differences and the lack of nonviolent protest tactics allows the real culprits to go unnoticed .
« Back to News
December 10th
Bret , Jemaine and James ( co-creator / director ) said “ we ’ve noticed the less we say about the future of the show , the more people want to talk about it , so in an effort to reverse this trend we are today announcing that we wo n’t be returning for a 3rd season .
We ’re very proud of the two seasons we made and we like the way the show ended .
We ’d like to thank everyone who helped make the show and also everyone who watched it .
While the characters Bret and Jemaine will no longer be around , the real Bret and Jemaine will continue to exist .
( For the most up - to - date health care charts and downloadable spreadsheets included in this blog post , check out our health care tools page . )
( The chart and downloadable spreadsheet on this page were updated on August 14 , 2009 , to include 2009 second quarter campaign contributions . )
If you ’re trying to understand all of the reasons why your representatives may support or oppose certain health care reform measures , we can add the money - in - politics puzzle pieces .
Here ’s a cool tool that brings together data from various parts of OpenSecrets.org to show how much money each current lawmaker has raised from various health - related industries and the health sector overall since 1989 ( including the haul of President Obama , who tops every one of these lists ) .
Sort by column to discover that Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) , a member of the Senate Health Committee , is the top recipient of pharmaceutical cash , or that Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , has collected more money from health insurers than all other current members of Congress .
Please note that this includes contributions from individuals and political action committees to both the lawmakers ’ candidate committees and leadership PACs .
Also , the health insurance industry numbers here are a combination of contributions from health and accident insurers , HMOs and other health services .
You can also download an Excel version of the following information to slice and dice the data any way you please :
( Note : If you do use this data , please be sure to credit CRP . )
Name Office Party Health Sector Health Insurance Pharmaceutical Health Pros Hospitals Nursing Homes Altmire , Jason House D $ 449,802 $ 43,550 $ 88,067 $ 171,450 $ 115,735 $ 18,500 Barrow , John House D $ 359,251 $ 49,100 $ 64,750 $ 241,475 $ 15,625 $ 12,500 Gordon , Bart House D $ 1,192,646 $ 96,210 $ 168,728 $ 711,718 $ 113,350 $ 157,250 Harman , Jane House D $ 308,194 $ 39,000 $ 43,950 $ 213,319 $ 21,925 $ 3,000 Hill , Baron House D $ 393,299 $ 80,500 $ 142,597 $ 154,027 $ 50,975 $ 16,000 Matheson , Jim House D $ 789,429 $ 92,500 $ 227,951 $ 409,535 $ 54,650 $ 10,000 Melancon , Charles J House D $ 276,452 $ 34,600 $ 62,149 $ 118,649 $ 39,800 $ 3,000 Ross , Mike House D $ 979,520 $ 38,000 $ 113,300 $ 660,298 $ 47,900 $ 102,250 Space , Zachary T House D $ 175,544 $ 15,650 $ 39,019 $ 92,550 $ 18,525 $ 19,950 Pomeroy , Earl House D $ 1,446,549 $ 620,804 $ 130,999 $ 806,060 $ 163,716 $ 140,500 Tanner , John House D $ 970,149 $ 246,450 $ 306,470 $ 280,118 $ 215,436 $ 25,750 Thompson , Mike House D $ 669,532 $ 59,820 $ 133,500 $ 375,382 $ 49,635 $ 63,100 Arcuri , Michael House D $ 123,047 $ 15,750 $ 1,000 $ 81,047 $ 12,150 $ 22,800 Baca , Joe House D $ 169,050 $ 7,500 $ 13,300 $ 135,550 $ 6,300 $ 3,500 Berry , Marion House D $ 571,667 $ 22,250 $ 40,050 $ 404,517 $ 43,800 $ 60,600 Bishop , Sanford D Jr House D $ 362,296 $ 181,890 $ 28,500 $ 210,596 $ 52,800 $ 4,450 Boren , Dan House D $ 267,710 $ 26,500 $ 27,000 $ 196,760 $ 29,400 $ 6,050 Boswell , Leonard L House D $ 311,930 $ 63,350 $ 6,550 $ 230,580 $ 41,750 $ 15,850 Boyd , Allen House D $ 731,992 $ 77,750 $ 166,461 $ 423,394 $ 86,281 $ 18,956 Bright , Bobby House D $ 77,250 $ 14,500 $ 9,000 $ 29,200 $ 6,700 $ 11,350 Cardoza , Dennis House D $ 359,006 $ 20,350 $ 11,000 $ 254,406 $ 56,700 $ 25,000 Carney , Chris House D $ 182,237 $ 6,400 $ 24,223 $ 109,939 $ 26,025 $ 8,000 Chandler , Ben House D $ 232,600 $ 30,500 $ 2,300 $ 160,750 $ 29,500 $ 1,500 Childers , Travis W House D $ 80,900 $ 7,500 $ 7,500 $ 46,700 $ 8,000 $ 14,900 Cooper , Jim House D $ 900,664 $ 159,175 $ 104,650 $ 237,532 $ 240,030 $ 40,923 Costa , Jim House D $ 114,675 $ 6,500 $ 12,700 $ 69,150 $ 21,225 $ 3,000 Cuellar , Henry House D $ 396,994 $ 12,750 $ 36,550 $ 305,694 $ 28,850 $ 500 Dahlkemper , Kathleen House D $ 61,250 $ 0 $ 4,750 $ 49,100 $ 5,400 $ 0 Davis , Lincoln House D $ 242,825 $ 29,750 $ 43,550 $ 128,975 $ 30,350 $ 24,800 Donnelly , Joe House D $ 109,998 $ 17,400 $ 4,450 $ 74,293 $ 17,105 $ 7,500 Ellsworth , Brad House D $ 160,503 $ 13,800 $ 29,500 $ 110,253 $ 12,000 $ 0 Giffords , Gabrielle House D $ 269,270 $ 42,900 $ 18,500 $ 173,150 $ 34,275 $ 12,000 Griffith , Parker House D $ 248,700 $ 14,000 $ 19,000 $ 185,500 $ 13,350 $ 21,100 Herseth Sandlin , Stephanie House D $ 330,924 $ 46,600 $ 15,600 $ 215,430 $ 58,549 $ 18,200 Holden , Tim House D $ 388,278 $ 20,673 $ 7,300 $ 305,042 $ 51,288 $ 13,250 Kratovil , Frank M Jr House D $ 105,706 $ 15,500 $ 18,400 $ 41,706 $ 13,050 $ 16,250 Marshall , Jim House D $ 462,425 $ 56,000 $ 20,150 $ 330,574 $ 53,501 $ 27,700 McIntyre , Mike House D $ 427,948 $ 26,250 $ 44,998 $ 274,650 $ 57,050 $ 12,500 Michaud , Mike House D $ 249,750 $ 32,350 $ 12,750 $ 179,850 $ 23,550 $ 14,000 Minnick , Walter Clifford House D $ 142,164 $ 15,950 $ 4,200 $ 106,894 $ 10,870 $ 7,000 Mitchell , Harry E House D $ 123,075 $ 40,100 $ 10,000 $ 58,000 $ 16,975 $ 19,000 Moore , Dennis House D $ 467,355 $ 138,200 $ 47,750 $ 311,505 $ 74,100 $ 3,000 Murphy , Patrick J House D $ 341,703 $ 33,300 $ 117,936 $ 132,611 $ 48,424 $ 6,300 Nye , Glenn House D $ 123,150 $ 2,500 $ 2,800 $ 102,200 $ 3,000 $ 6,500 Peterson , Collin C House D $ 235,870 $ 45,250 $ 29,500 $ 167,300 $ 16,520 $ 4,050 Salazar , John House D $ 190,508 $ 19,500 $ 9,750 $ 120,458 $ 31,950 $ 8,250 Sanchez , Loretta House D $ 415,839 $ 62,300 $ 62,700 $ 229,584 $ 39,330 $ 1,000 Schiff , Adam House D $ 392,308 $ 24,750 $ 23,650 $ 306,586 $ 43,192 $ 4,000 Scott , David House D $ 616,779 $ 94,831 $ 64,000 $ 501,128 $ 24,401 $ 3,250 Shuler , Heath House D $ 195,262 $ 13,750 $ 74,800 $ 77,062 $ 27,900 $ 10,500 Taylor , Gene House D $ 265,153 $ 12,600 $ 5,750 $ 243,253 $ 8,500 $ 500 Wilson , Charlie House D $ 154,374 $ 16,500 $ 16,004 $ 99,800 $ 9,820 $ 5,000 Andrews , Robert E House D $ 805,130 $ 150,900 $ 116,900 $ 510,405 $ 42,100 $ 44,450 Biggert , Judy House R $ 245,650 $ 120,611 $ 37,850 $ 138,400 $ 29,200 $ 1,000 Bishop , Rob House R $ 89,729 $ 14,000 $ 11,000 $ 54,229 $ 7,000 $ 0 Bishop , Timothy H House D $ 257,900 $ 4,450 $ 15,200 $ 193,450 $ 37,750 $ 1,250 Cassidy , Bill House R $ 299,620 $ 4,000 $ 1,000 $ 277,750 $ 7,600 $ 250 Castle , Michael N House R $ 421,433 $ 82,800 $ 91,217 $ 263,878 $ 33,588 $ 17,500 Clarke , Yvette D House D $ 104,750 $ 9,700 $ 14,500 $ 56,950 $ 25,050 $ 1,000 Courtney , Joe House D $ 257,786 $ 26,950 $ 62,906 $ 112,235 $ 39,295 $ 16,150 Davis , Susan A House D $ 272,054 $ 30,150 $ 38,553 $ 156,704 $ 22,550 $ 0 Ehlers , Vernon J House R $ 239,485 $ 12,600 $ 44,700 $ 147,060 $ 24,325 $ 0 Fudge , Marcia L House D $ 23,400 $ 700 $ 2,400 $ 14,750 $ 5,250 $ 0 Grijalva , Raul M House D $ 64,326 $ 3,250 $ 2,250 $ 52,326 $ 6,250 $ 0 Guthrie , Steven Brett House R $ 148,500 $ 19,500 $ 27,000 $ 69,300 $ 25,400 $ 3,000 Hare , Phil House D $ 111,154 $ 4,000 $ 1,750 $ 95,904 $ 8,250 $ 2,000 Hinojosa , Ruben House D $ 363,150 $ 39,800 $ 6,000 $ 272,550 $ 39,300 $ 1,000 Hirono , Mazie K House D $ 94,630 $ 1,000 $ 6,550 $ 72,350 $ 3,000 $ 2,500 Hoekstra , Peter House R $ 141,085 $ 28,972 $ 22,140 $ 85,223 $ 12,000 $ 0 Holt , Rush House D $ 542,997 $ 24,850 $ 275,042 $ 221,985 $ 22,745 $ 2,000 Hunter , Duncan D House R $ 49,000 $ 2,000 $ 4,300 $ 38,750 $ 3,500 $ 0 Kildee , Dale E House D $ 292,640 $ 48,035 $ 5,830 $ 255,835 $ 16,255 $ 3,720 Kline , John House R $ 322,200 $ 104,900 $ 149,000 $ 93,500 $ 14,700 $ 500 Kucinich , Dennis J House D $ 370,579 $ 16,250 $ 20,597 $ 242,040 $ 56,647 $ 7,135 Loebsack , David House D $ 77,900 $ 2,500 $ 2,000 $ 65,900 $ 6,000 $ 2,000 McCarthy , Carolyn House D $ 574,189 $ 63,300 $ 22,666 $ 458,773 $ 54,750 $ 14,450 McClintock , Tom House R $ 63,850 $ 6,000 $ 6,750 $ 40,850 $ 2,500 $ 2,000 McKeon , Howard P ( Buck ) House R $ 428,086 $ 80,823 $ 34,515 $ 296,748 $ 66,150 $ 4,500 McMorris , Cathy House R $ 268,734 $ 38,505 $ 54,386 $ 172,329 $ 20,400 $ 7,201 Miller , George House D $ 276,129 $ 82,500 $ 29,550 $ 193,149 $ 10,185 $ 31,570 Payne , Donald M House D $ 312,524 $ 20,900 $ 171,854 $ 110,355 $ 15,480 $ 0 Petri , Tom House R $ 110,503 $ 32,620 $ 5,600 $ 96,303 $ 3,350 $ 600 Platts , Todd House R $ 47,550 $ 750 $ 6,050 $ 27,200 $ 7,300 $ 5,750 Polis , Jared House D $ 32,305 $ 0 $ 9,900 $ 13,055 $ 0 $ 7,600 Price , Tom House R $ 2,397,977 $ 82,950 $ 173,300 $ 2,066,174 $ 89,428 $ 8,500 Roe , Phil House R $ 182,169 $ 0 $ 0 $ 168,877 $ 8,250 $ 0 Scott , Robert C House D $ 127,024 $ 7,250 $ 10,750 $ 101,324 $ 11,500 $ 250 Sestak , Joe House D $ 239,037 $ 26,866 $ 58,453 $ 135,732 $ 23,020 $ 10,750 Shea - Porter , Carol House D $ 15,375 $ 504 $ 250 $ 10,000 $ 5,125 $ 0 Souder , Mark E House R $ 344,836 $ 45,900 $ 60,250 $ 250,343 $ 13,209 $ 9,850 Thompson , Glenn House R $ 61,150 $ 1,700 $ 2,750 $ 29,550 $ 9,250 $ 12,000 Tierney , John F House D $ 249,716 $ 3,200 $ 9,500 $ 151,521 $ 24,360 $ 21,000 Titus , Dina House D $ 71,750 $ 2,250 $ 2,500 $ 52,250 $ 3,000 $ 9,000 Tonko , Paul House D $ 54,730 $ 4,250 $ 3,000 $ 37,210 $ 11,620 $ 500 Wilson , Joe House R $ 455,796 $ 27,100 $ 100,650 $ 267,896 $ 60,250 $ 8,000 Woolsey , Lynn House D $ 311,454 $ 8,250 $ 37,855 $ 208,399 $ 18,475 $ 1,250 Wu , David House D $ 592,510 $ 90,850 $ 89,550 $ 388,910 $ 52,800 $ 2,000 Baldwin , Tammy House D $ 412,295 $ 10,400 $ 26,848 $ 319,366 $ 35,431 $ 300 Barton , Joe House R $ 2,719,871 $ 255,095 $ 995,988 $ 1,254,604 $ 183,500 $ 50,950 Blackburn , Marsha House R $ 522,154 $ 60,000 $ 152,950 $ 246,025 $ 59,964 $ 8,600 Blunt , Roy House R $ 2,423,886 $ 444,878 $ 709,122 $ 1,079,488 $ 234,976 $ 111,750 Bono Mack , Mary House R $ 429,588 $ 30,500 $ 70,100 $ 278,925 $ 31,544 $ 3,800 Boucher , Rick House D $ 560,217 $ 89,789 $ 223,953 $ 237,375 $ 47,750 $ 6,050 Braley , Bruce House D $ 119,468 $ 14,000 $ 17,300 $ 81,868 $ 11,300 $ 2,500 Burgess , Michael House R $ 1,270,423 $ 72,750 $ 275,324 $ 844,699 $ 54,550 $ 20,000 Butterfield , G K House D $ 128,525 $ 15,300 $ 45,835 $ 58,190 $ 13,500 $ 2,000 Buyer , Steve House R $ 1,264,527 $ 146,601 $ 482,250 $ 569,158 $ 43,953 $ 75,917 Capps , Lois House D $ 887,168 $ 53,250 $ 118,153 $ 647,937 $ 38,428 $ 38,500 Castor , Kathy House D $ 120,000 $ 17,600 $ 500 $ 92,800 $ 8,900 $ 6,250 Deal , Nathan House R $ 1,503,955 $ 235,696 $ 414,319 $ 810,536 $ 73,550 $ 66,750 DeGette , Diana House D $ 729,491 $ 57,565 $ 172,825 $ 448,270 $ 61,146 $ 5,950 Dingell, John D House D $ 2,131,192 $ 238,450 $ 746,234 $ 1,090,558 $ 107,000 $ 77,100 Doyle , Mike House D $ 330,040 $ 32,000 $ 45,650 $ 201,660 $ 54,980 $ 6,500 Engel , Eliot L House D $ 598,946 $ 26,000 $ 95,050 $ 364,371 $ 104,950 $ 6,700 Eshoo , Anna House D $ 1,361,326 $ 93,350 $ 669,283 $ 451,943 $ 87,527 $ 35,000 Gingrey , Phil House R $ 1,867,943 $ 99,520 $ 115,299 $ 1,621,294 $ 54,000 $ 16,800 Gonzalez , Charlie A House D $ 490,024 $ 50,850 $ 51,225 $ 364,049 $ 11,000 $ 10,500 Green , Gene House D $ 740,560 $ 45,950 $ 75,950 $ 585,890 $ 40,370 $ 4,350 Hall , Ralph M House R $ 795,396 $ 64,087 $ 117,483 $ 519,160 $ 45,950 $ 64,203 Inslee , Jay R House D $ 585,432 $ 28,550 $ 197,584 $ 316,748 $ 38,250 $ 3,300 Markey , Edward J House D $ 233,754 $ 48,250 $ 54,150 $ 96,904 $ 36,950 $ 6,000 Matsui , Doris O House D $ 136,900 $ 36,000 $ 26,250 $ 49,500 $ 27,200 $ 15,500 McNerney , Jerry House D $ 185,675 $ 17,900 $ 39,500 $ 99,850 $ 19,525 $ 4,000 Murphy , Chris House D $ 290,964 $ 50,125 $ 8,300 $ 202,006 $ 43,558 $ 12,750 Murphy , Tim House R $ 798,472 $ 77,178 $ 227,600 $ 383,46 0 $ 88,600 $ 34,450 Myrick , Sue House R $ 865,236 $ 109,968 $ 184,022 $ 546,168 $ 75,350 $ 7,300 Pallone , Frank Jr House D $ 2,835,586 $ 96,000 $ 370,528 $ 2,086,915 $ 132,319 $ 102,350 Pitts , Joe House R $ 565,655 $ 38,400 $ 192,343 $ 280,062 $ 23,500 $ 55,500 Radanovich , George House R $ 227,700 $ 27,000 $ 11,200 $ 128,050 $ 32,000 $ 34,000 Rogers , Mike House R $ 1,212,731 $ 236,750 $ 491,474 $ 547,907 $ 55,750 $ 20,500 Rush , Bobby L House D $ 302,958 $ 91,550 $ 58,808 $ 115,850 $ 55,250 $ 6,500 Sarbanes , John House D $ 106,110 $ 8,750 $ 12,000 $ 85,060 $ 2,250 $ 4,500 Scalise , Steve House R $ 150,616 $ 14,500 $ 21,300 $ 79,850 $ 30,150 $ 4,566 Schakowsky , Jan House D $ 358,171 $ 27,100 $ 15,125 $ 256,046 $ 47,500 $ 20,400 Shadegg , John House R $ 1,025,825 $ 179,638 $ 105,500 $ 729,592 $ 43,400 $ 30,495 Shimkus , John M House R $ 792,266 $ 110,500 $ 242,285 $ 390,343 $ 63,098 $ 43,940 Stearns , Cliff House R $ 709,153 $ 81,052 $ 190,031 $ 435,027 $ 38,355 $ 20,500 Stupak , Bart House D $ 625,865 $ 106,200 $ 48,000 $ 463,463 $ 65,102 $ 25,000 Sullivan , John House R $ 536,836 $ 34,200 $ 59,947 $ 400,641 $ 46,634 $ 19,814 Sutton , Betty Sue House D $ 77,786 $ 3,250 $ 24,650 $ 39,186 $ 9,450 $ 0 Terry , Lee House R $ 351,828 $ 118,550 $ 71,413 $ 206,921 $ 16,450 $ 23,894 Upton , Fred House R $ 1,210,502 $ 87,500 $ 416,891 $ 656,526 $ 65,935 $ 12,000 Walden , Greg House R $ 478,255 $ 80,800 $ 153,353 $ 205,000 $ 46,102 $ 39,550 Waxman , Henry A House D $ 1,551,950 $ 214,750 $ 298,700 $ 707,416 $ 254,334 $ 72,300 Weiner , Anthony D House D $ 229,600 $ 16,950 $ 8,500 $ 148,550 $ 32,100 $ 21,500 Welch , Peter House D $ 75,630 $ 5,250 $ 1,950 $ 53,430 $ 8,950 $ 0 Whitfield , Ed House R $ 1,252,030 $ 106,614 $ 277,459 $ 798,307 $ 85,400 $ 24,647 Stark , Pete House D $ 1,762,292 $ 122,870 $ 162,708 $ 1,241,914 $ 91,250 $ 78,500 Becerra , Xavier House D $ 1,002,233 $ 166,400 $ 110,427 $ 588,240 $ 124,650 $ 49,500 Berkley , Shelley House D $ 956,436 $ 59,920 $ 31,433 $ 730,849 $ 57,634 $ 37,250 Blumenauer , Earl House D $ 166,495 $ 39,250 $ 6,300 $ 106,770 $ 36,000 $ 3,000 Boustany , Charles W Jr House R $ 1,124,736 $ 52,996 $ 40,772 $ 981,691 $ 47,267 $ 8,056 Brady , Kevin House R $ 500,676 $ 79,814 $ 73,750 $ 350,312 $ 42,364 $ 14,250 Brown - Waite , Ginny House R $ 408,505 $ 94,500 $ 32,500 $ 198,717 $ 27,183 $ 71,629 Camp , Dave House R $ 1,553,605 $ 377,549 $ 440,097 $ 684,368 $ 126,854 $ 63,950 Cantor , Eric House R $ 2,213,028 $ 520,450 $ 632,050 $ 844,109 $ 218,069 $ 107,900 Crowley , Joseph House D $ 491,036 $ 153,918 $ 130,571 $ 241,015 $ 66,050 $ 26,000 Davis , Artur House D $ 364,890 $ 97,550 $ 79,856 $ 168,334 $ 37,750 $ 29,150 Davis , Danny K House D $ 246,272 $ 16,300 $ 10,250 $ 126,801 $ 69,771 $ 8,000 Davis , Geoff House R $ 494,475 $ 115,718 $ 68,472 $ 245,472 $ 51,950 $ 41,331 Doggett , Lloyd House D $ 573,802 $ 21,500 $ 37,391 $ 398,136 $ 70,275 $ 8,350 Etheridge , Bob House D $ 395,157 $ 59,700 $ 115,397 $ 191,770 $ 36,200 $ 43,240 Heller , Dean House R $ 217,625 $ 53,050 $ 12,200 $ 159,125 $ 8,500 $ 3,000 Herger , Wally House R $ 539,913 $ 177,400 $ 136,600 $ 283,688 $ 26,550 $ 25,425 Higgins , Brian M House D $ 160,600 $ 11,150 $ 30,350 $ 67,350 $ 27,450 $ 2,000 Johnson , Sam House R $ 870,894 $ 230,308 $ 146,225 $ 475,664 $ 64,395 $ 41,150 Kind , Ron House D $ 651,863 $ 142,250 $ 108,035 $ 373,725 $ 68,153 $ 24,650 Larson , John B House D $ 588,098 $ 313,650 $ 75,219 $ 216,079 $ 103,150 $ 55,250 Levin , Sander House D $ 797,875 $ 174,125 $ 107,605 $ 511,395 $ 75,000 $ 55,200 Lewis , John House D $ 766,807 $ 147,700 $ 95,781 $ 505,776 $ 66,100 $ 23,250 Linder , John House R $ 606,649 $ 144,263 $ 48,550 $ 460,299 $ 37,100 $ 3,200 McDermott , Jim House D $ 462,157 $ 50,000 $ 120,000 $ 267,087 $ 29,550 $ 10,050 Meek , Kendrick B House D $ 725,530 $ 55,250 $ 211,765 $ 252,850 $ 45,900 $ 26,500 Neal , Richard E House D $ 633,943 $ 316,914 $ 95,500 $ 328,498 $ 79,650 $ 24,500 Nunes , Devin Gerald House R $ 390,850 $ 82,850 $ 152,750 $ 125,000 $ 35,800 $ 21,000 Pascrell , Bill Jr House D $ 640,509 $ 29,100 $ 160,179 $ 337,910 $ 68,320 $ 18,800 Rangel , Charles B House D $ 3,248,401 $ 545,598 $ 659,752 $ 1,245,496 $ 776,803 $ 103,400 Reichert , Dave House R $ 344,787 $ 46,534 $ 67,186 $ 232,303 $ 22,000 $ 5,903 Roskam , Peter House R $ 454,649 $ 65,950 $ 67,850 $ 261,249 $ 85,050 $ 2,00 0 Ryan , Paul House R $ 802,464 $ 343,500 $ 171,892 $ 295,395 $ 66,177 $ 62,700 Sanchez , Linda House D $ 210,812 $ 6,000 $ 66,700 $ 111,162 $ 7,250 $ 1,500 Schwartz , Allyson House D $ 969,785 $ 109,700 $ 125,473 $ 484,752 $ 134,050 $ 61,300 Tiberi , Patrick J House R $ 756,540 $ 174,800 $ 203,570 $ 331,300 $ 56,420 $ 48,500 Van Hollen , Chris House D $ 632,060 $ 53,150 $ 94,310 $ 345,590 $ 66,260 $ 63,200 Yarmuth , John A House D $ 295,748 $ 14,478 $ 7,500 $ 189,748 $ 49,050 $ 19,400 Baucus , Max Senate D $ 3,882,881 $ 669,349 $ 1,099,605 $ 1,389,776 $ 421,542 $ 232,949 Bunning , Jim Senate R $ 1,133,287 $ 254,437 $ 149,900 $ 713,065 $ 145,635 $ 29,000 Cantwell , Maria Senate D $ 561,826 $ 34,925 $ 70,350 $ 351,735 $ 46,141 $ 9,250 Carper , Tom Senate D $ 698,440 $ 239,680 $ 358,114 $ 207,716 $ 38,310 $ 42,520 Conrad , Kent Senate D $ 1,582,263 $ 338,580 $ 288,350 $ 680,932 $ 239,386 $ 128,380 Cornyn , John Senate R $ 2,115,453 $ 128,675 $ 313,265 $ 1,408,878 $ 148,010 $ 5,250 Crapo , Mike Senate R $ 885,741 $ 205,950 $ 301,530 $ 339,398 $ 95,390 $ 50,450 Ensign , John Senate R $ 2,079,949 $ 487,815 $ 395,730 $ 1,083,486 $ 184,629 $ 72,000 Grassley , Chuck Senate R $ 2,674,896 $ 491,649 $ 609,780 $ 1,200,939 $ 246,326 $ 141,749 Kerry , John Senate D $ 8,332,160 $ 684,934 $ 887,043 $ 4,714,148 $ 1,306,997 $ 169,190 Kyl , Jon Senate R $ 2,337,968 $ 360,968 $ 448,135 $ 1,229,350 $ 230,402 $ 72,106 Lincoln , Blanche Senate D $ 2,062,408 $ 227,550 $ 406,674 $ 918,212 $ 269,698 $ 184,450 Menendez , Robert Senate D $ 1,480,001 $ 206,725 $ 486,207 $ 554,569 $ 144,450 $ 20,500 Nelson , Bill Senate D $ 1,258,660 $ 136,462 $ 135,449 $ 706,343 $ 122,981 $ 46,500 Rockefeller , Jay Senate D $ 1,709,329 $ 147,824 $ 178,850 $ 868,377 $ 286,427 $ 92,475 Schumer , Charles E Senate D $ 1,789,008 $ 306,700 $ 316,400 $ 722,120 $ 325,264 $ 84,774 Snowe , Olympia J Senate R $ 756,140 $ 134,486 $ 101,976 $ 409,264 $ 77,525 $ 50,620 Stabenow , Debbie Senate D $ 1,398,026 $ 200,050 $ 124,352 $ 674,947 $ 216,403 $ 94,150 Wyden , Ron Senate D $ 1,498,563 $ 158,250 $ 152,300 $ 715,331 $ 173,150 $ 217,482 Bingaman , Jeff Senate D $ 864,841 $ 72,207 $ 144,498 $ 547,616 $ 67,603 $ 26,383 Enzi , Mike Senate R $ 844,427 $ 241,250 $ 442,250 $ 283,927 $ 19,000 $ 12,500 Roberts , Pat Senate R $ 1,036,937 $ 125,600 $ 261,527 $ 474,060 $ 131,850 $ 58,250 Hatch , Orrin G Senate R $ 3,007,885 $ 388,380 $ 1,591,363 $ 605,494 $ 226,145 $ 150,475 Alexander , Rodney House R $ 335,787 $ 14,500 $ 47,249 $ 177,050 $ 33,800 $ 20,050 Brown , Sherrod Senate D $ 2,735,327 $ 72,600 $ 302,154 $ 1,949,679 $ 245,159 $ 75,872 Burr , Richard Senate R $ 2,551,294 $ 274,586 $ 956,247 $ 1,078,354 $ 105,825 $ 140,316 Casey , Bob Senate D $ 482,899 $ 60,487 $ 60,350 $ 261,275 $ 84,699 $ 15,200 Coburn , Tom Senate R $ 1,299,980 $ 39,458 $ 119,092 $ 1,053,289 $ 66,201 $ 18,048 Dodd , Chris Senate D $ 1,695,155 $ 770,991 $ 695,378 $ 526,548 $ 123,074 $ 79,900 Gregg , Judd Senate R $ 1,019,534 $ 247,175 $ 480,548 $ 310,648 $ 84,613 $ 43,000 Hagan , Kay R Senate D $ 194,975 $ 28,600 $ 27,150 $ 91,925 $ 29,600 $ 18,500 Harkin , Tom Senate D $ 2,932,228 $ 168,556 $ 772,532 $ 1,463,952 $ 261,932 $ 109,500 Isakson , Johnny Senate R $ 965,383 $ 208,900 $ 216,172 $ 534,831 $ 75,105 $ 33,950 Kennedy , Edward M Senate D $ 2,640,647 $ 161,600 $ 655,257 $ 945,982 $ 500,116 $ 160,450 McCain , John Senate R $ 9,019,544 $ 736,634 $ 900,415 $ 6,320,851 $ 658,250 $ 152,950 Merkley , Jeff Senate D $ 152,067 $ 10,750 $ 29,050 $ 94,317 $ 6,200 $ 1,250 Mikulski , Barbara A Senate D $ 972,212 $ 86,950 $ 272,795 $ 404,671 $ 75,669 $ 99,415 Murkowski , Lisa Senate R $ 385,083 $ 85,950 $ 76,050 $ 229,783 $ 41,700 $ 4,000 Murray , Patty Senate D $ 924,168 $ 120,450 $ 338,882 $ 391,468 $ 69,233 $ 22,985 Reed , Jack Senate D $ 768,988 $ 170,400 $ 98,500 $ 515,236 $ 69,838 $ 36,350 Sanders , Bernie Senate I $ 133,386 $ 6,050 $ 1,320 $ 108,824 $ 9,050 $ 0 Abercrombie , Neil House D $ 300,427 $ 2,300 $ 12,547 $ 203,531 $ 32,049 $ 11,950 Ackerman , Gary House D $ 505,475 $ 67,150 $ 71,026 $ 337,474 $ 60,925 $ 10,000 Aderholt , Robert B House R $ 375,779 $ 30,900 $ 12,250 $ 269,887 $ 45,792 $ 8,750 Adler , John H House D $ 316,672 $ 28,600 $ 58,497 $ 175,575 $ 33,050 $ 14,800 Akaka , Daniel K Senate D $ 224,160 $ 14,030 $ 8,000 $ 164,010 $ 26,100 $ 11,500 Akin , Todd House R $ 367 ,501 $ 19,750 $ 36,300 $ 274,177 $ 10,800 $ 4,004 Alexander , Lamar Senate R $ 2,445,408 $ 195,150 $ 301,412 $ 1,078,110 $ 437,225 $ 209,550 Austria , Steve C House R $ 152,850 $ 10,500 $ 30,700 $ 96,200 $ 13,700 $ 1,000 Bachmann , Michele House R $ 199,200 $ 46,600 $ 87,850 $ 85,700 $ 7,650 $ 1,000 Bachus , Spencer House R $ 456,975 $ 244,050 $ 18,200 $ 273,425 $ 41,200 $ 24,000 Baird , Brian House D $ 353,368 $ 2,250 $ 14,400 $ 301,312 $ 23,650 $ 3,000 Barrasso , John A Senate R $ 695,347 $ 45,750 $ 103,639 $ 526,708 $ 44,000 $ 0 Barrett , Gresham House R $ 380,909 $ 37,350 $ 57,699 $ 192,210 $ 31,050 $ 64,000 Bartlett , Roscoe G House R $ 124,270 $ 1,000 $ 13,250 $ 107,220 $ 750 $ 2,300 Bayh , Evan Senate D $ 1,412,185 $ 466,338 $ 534,423 $ 491,762 $ 115,150 $ 114,650 Bean , Melissa House D $ 414,900 $ 77,150 $ 226,830 $ 92,360 $ 31,170 $ 22,470 Begich , Mark Senate D $ 114,733 $ 16,800 $ 10,300 $ 87,283 $ 6,200 $ 0 Bennet , Michael F Senate D $ 48,520 $ 5,000 $ 7,250 $ 8,550 $ 4,400 $ 16,800 Bennett , Robert F Senate R $ 600,546 $ 189,105 $ 337,846 $ 135,800 $ 27,400 $ 1,000 Berman , Howard L House D $ 261,155 $ 29,900 $ 81,447 $ 121,948 $ 28,300 $ 10,000 Bilbray , Brian P House R $ 731,586 $ 87,950 $ 246,686 $ 342,850 $ 56,300 $ 9,500 Bilirakis , Gus House R $ 448,704 $ 51,950 $ 40,000 $ 364,616 $ 12,900 $ 0 Boccieri , John A House D $ 104,890 $ 6,500 $ 12,800 $ 34,700 $ 9,620 $ 18,570 Boehner , John House R $ 2,036,770 $ 779,710 $ 641,480 $ 690,587 $ 164,550 $ 132,700 Bond , Christopher “ Kit ” Senate R $ 1,246,551 $ 140,150 $ 318,823 $ 577,863 $ 111,966 $ 47,420 Bonner , Jo House R $ 341,223 $ 45,950 $ 4,200 $ 274,423 $ 23,250 $ 4,800 Boozman , John House R $ 269,755 $ 6,500 $ 20,600 $ 196,760 $ 13,250 $ 20,600 Boxer , Barbara Senate D $ 1,282,693 $ 106,570 $ 199,585 $ 854,378 $ 87,062 $ 7,260 Brady , Robert A House D $ 109,100 $ 12,200 $ 5,750 $ 45,700 $ 31,900 $ 1,000 Broun , Paul Jr House R $ 96,891 $ 18,800 $ 1,500 $ 83,409 $ 4,100 $ 0 Brown , Corrine House D $ 112,010 $ 10,050 $ 0 $ 92,210 $ 3,100 $ 500 Brown , Henry House R $ 223,050 $ 17,250 $ 25,750 $ 167,800 $ 25,750 $ 1,500 Brownback , Sam Senate R $ 715,057 $ 69,800 $ 157,366 $ 446,490 $ 68,051 $ 8,750 Buchanan , Vernon House R $ 306,412 $ 11,000 $ 10,500 $ 271,500 $ 8,500 $ 7,000 Burris , Roland Senate D $ 3,750 $ 0 $ 0 $ 3,750 $ 0 $ 0 Burton , Dan House R $ 381,685 $ 119,917 $ 87,980 $ 233,489 $ 17,175 $ 6,250 Byrd , Robert C Senate D $ 253,025 $ 15,625 $ 43,100 $ 127,950 $ 36,900 $ 4,000 Calvert , Ken House R $ 265,022 $ 13,550 $ 78,265 $ 135,867 $ 15,520 $ 17,750 Campbell , John House R $ 194,725 $ 50,200 $ 101,700 $ 49,875 $ 3,850 $ 0 Cao , Joseph House R $ 25,550 $ 1,000 $ 1,750 $ 17,800 $ 4,500 $ 0 Capito , Shelley Moore House R $ 801,922 $ 105,354 $ 84,200 $ 532,901 $ 91,971 $ 62,750 Capuano , Michael E House D $ 275,950 $ 57,700 $ 75,450 $ 96,100 $ 69,650 $ 7,000 Cardin , Ben Senate D $ 1,605,897 $ 216,264 $ 217,232 $ 862,240 $ 153,875 $ 183,500 Carnahan , Russ House D $ 217,462 $ 11,150 $ 3,000 $ 109,450 $ 48,812 $ 5,500 Carson , Andre House D $ 115,855 $ 14,500 $ 7,730 $ 83,525 $ 8,850 $ 5,250 Carter , John House R $ 237,124 $ 16,750 $ 39,850 $ 152,399 $ 29,625 $ 0 Chaffetz , Jason House R $ 39,250 $ 2,000 $ 9,000 $ 22,050 $ 0 $ 0 Chambliss , Saxby Senate R $ 1,690,633 $ 322,023 $ 217,849 $ 1,022,384 $ 152,500 $ 54,500 Chu , Judy House D $ 92,749 $ 1,000 $ 250 $ 84,795 $ 7,204 $ 0 Clay , William L Jr House D $ 201,280 $ 22,700 $ 35,000 $ 99,948 $ 11,750 $ 0 Cleaver , Emanuel House D $ 81,050 $ 21,550 $ 12,200 $ 46,250 $ 15,900 $ 0 Clyburn , James E House D $ 991,198 $ 126,400 $ 451,658 $ 293,150 $ 94,850 $ 41,750 Coble , Howard House R $ 378,575 $ 32,850 $ 254,027 $ 100,898 $ 14,900 $ 2,500 Cochran , Thad Senate R $ 660,650 $ 67,000 $ 235,850 $ 328,950 $ 46,300 $ 13,500 Coffman , Mike House R $ 64,000 $ 1,000 $ 4,250 $ 46,700 $ 1,600 $ 3,300 Cohen , Stephen Ira House D $ 131,400 $ 7,850 $ 12,500 $ 98,300 $ 8,800 $ 0 Cole , Tom House R $ 218,014 $ 36,750 $ 66,100 $ 123,664 $ 15,950 $ 1,000 Collins , Susan M Senate R $ 1,268,070 $ 305,330 $ 210,449 $ 636,154 $ 98,825 $ 117,750 Conaway , Mike House R $ 320,852 $ 6,000 $ 18,050 $ 281,452 $ 5,750 $ 0 Connolly , Gerry House D $ 86,596 $ 2,500 $ 3,500 $ 58,953 $ 16,743 $ 3,000 Conyers , John Jr House D $ 199,340 $ 11,335 $ 73,500 $ 104,040 $ 6,900 $ 4,750 Corker , Bob Senate R $ 1,107,224 $ 106,125 $ 134,600 $ 616,814 $ 131,800 $ 23,300 Costello , Jerry F House D $ 270,450 $ 25,050 $ 4,050 $ 195,050 $ 42,800 $ 10,600 Crenshaw , Ander House R $ 198,550 $ 23,750 $ 37,500 $ 101,800 $ 13,950 $ 1,500 Culberson , John House R $ 273,909 $ 14,800 $ 33,000 $ 210,809 $ 17,500 $ 0 Cummings , Elijah E House D $ 344,077 $ 35,200 $ 25,575 $ 185,552 $ 30,500 $ 31,200 DeFazio , Peter House D $ 126,050 $ 250 $ 3,100 $ 114,500 $ 3,500 $ 0 Delahunt , Bill House D $ 227,804 $ 15,750 $ 40,800 $ 75,604 $ 62,150 $ 14,500 DeLauro , Rosa L House D $ 697,742 $ 43,710 $ 81,500 $ 483,710 $ 71,257 $ 6,250 DeMint , James W Senate R $ 1,203,411 $ 131,710 $ 88,000 $ 836,336 $ 43,650 $ 37,500 Dent , Charlie House R $ 463,591 $ 32,618 $ 91,422 $ 279,806 $ 52,650 $ 10,231 Diaz - Balart , Lincoln House R $ 515,875 $ 46,400 $ 63,550 $ 351,525 $ 48,750 $ 1,500 Diaz - Balart , Mario House R $ 261,287 $ 24,200 $ 35,000 $ 174,187 $ 24,250 $ 0 Dicks , Norm House D $ 204,487 $ 63,800 $ 23,850 $ 105,750 $ 24,850 $ 1,250 Dorgan , Byron L Senate D $ 567,050 $ 159,350 $ 45,250 $ 287,550 $ 74,900 $ 74,000 Dreier , David House R $ 811,839 $ 205,050 $ 337,242 $ 266,097 $ 87,850 $ 9,200 Driehaus , Steve House D $ 57,720 $ 5,000 $ 3,550 $ 29,050 $ 4,320 $ 7,000 Duncan , John J ( Jimmy ) Jr House R $ 210,419 $ 53,500 $ 45,150 $ 143,719 $ 11,400 $ 1,150 Durbin , Dick Senate D $ 1,487,265 $ 164,300 $ 200,100 $ 796,243 $ 220,076 $ 82,850 Edwards , Chet House D $ 643,971 $ 54,400 $ 76,325 $ 392,404 $ 93,750 $ 25,650 Edwards , Donna House D $ 16,425 $ 3,275 $ 1,000 $ 7,200 $ 1,500 $ 6,250 Ellison , Keith House D $ 325,623 $ 24,033 $ 19,750 $ 271,540 $ 13,900 $ 0 Emerson , Jo Ann House R $ 512,991 $ 106,600 $ 54,250 $ 333,291 $ 52,100 $ 13,000 Fallin , Mary House R $ 212,500 $ 1,750 $ 6,000 $ 184,550 $ 9,750 $ 0 Farr , Sam House D $ 320,533 $ 7,800 $ 49,000 $ 224,133 $ 31,100 $ 7,000 Fattah , Chaka House D $ 180,550 $ 40,800 $ 14,300 $ 111,850 $ 31,000 $ 4,500 Feingold , Russ Senate D $ 1,125,553 $ 69,159 $ 45,803 $ 786,776 $ 135,748 $ 5,500 Feinstein , Dianne Senate D $ 1,444,922 $ 183,660 $ 276,300 $ 792,789 $ 129,941 $ 29,750 Filner , Bob House D $ 522,154 $ 42,100 $ 10,250 $ 438,879 $ 30,700 $ 1,000 Flake , Jeff House R $ 96,640 $ 23,700 $ 3,700 $ 75,690 $ 3,500 $ 5,000 Fleming , John Calvin Jr House R $ 258,932 $ 3,500 $ 27,100 $ 204,200 $ 3,000 $ 16,300 Forbes , J Randy House R $ 136,820 $ 15,000 $ 8,750 $ 70,528 $ 41,242 $ 8,000 Fortenberry , Jeffrey Lane House R $ 196,901 $ 36,268 $ 11,400 $ 151,426 $ 17,200 $ 9,875 Foster , Bill House D $ 109,548 $ 14,336 $ 50,773 $ 32,725 $ 11,050 $ 6,000 Foxx , Virginia House R $ 258,298 $ 18,100 $ 19,500 $ 193,348 $ 21,700 $ 750 Frank , Barney House D $ 168,184 $ 91,299 $ 16,250 $ 103,654 $ 26,230 $ 12,750 Franken , Al Senate D $ 360,810 $ 36,750 $ 21,499 $ 238,297 $ 39,239 $ 2,000 Franks , Trent House R $ 108,420 $ 10,970 $ 0 $ 79,970 $ 8,850 $ 500 Frelinghuysen , Rodney House R $ 782,572 $ 27,400 $ 442,693 $ 234,104 $ 70,150 $ 5,725 Gallegly , Elton House R $ 392,317 $ 9,350 $ 211,867 $ 141,192 $ 6,949 $ 8,300 Garrett , Scott House R $ 243,845 $ 86,891 $ 70,200 $ 104,600 $ 41,825 $ 5,250 Gerlach , Jim House R $ 899,895 $ 139,903 $ 298,318 $ 390,916 $ 84,672 $ 73,645 Gillibrand , Kirsten Senate D $ 259,303 $ 27,500 $ 66,900 $ 126,753 $ 35,500 $ 15,000 Gohmert , Louis B Jr House R $ 374,819 $ 6,000 $ 9,750 $ 329,744 $ 7,600 $ 2,325 Goodlatte , Bob House R $ 360,331 $ 36,700 $ 64,607 $ 239,274 $ 38,200 $ 2,250 Graham , Lindsey Senate R $ 1,211,787 $ 146,773 $ 264,600 $ 643,341 $ 103,304 $ 82,250 Granger , Kay House R $ 462,369 $ 54,185 $ 89,300 $ 273,367 $ 36,900 $ 6,250 Graves , Sam House R $ 414,399 $ 61,950 $ 67,299 $ 205,500 $ 64,400 $ 36,500 Grayson , Alan House D $ 25,450 $ 2,000 $ 8,750 $ 12,700 $ 2,000 $ 0 Green , Al House D $ 51,950 $ 6,000 $ 0 $ 39,250 $ 10,700 $ 0 Gutierrez , Luis V House D $ 161,026 $ 14,500 $ 21,000 $ 110,826 $ 13,300 $ 500 Hall , John House D $ 124,485 $ 1,750 $ 9,400 $ 80,230 $ 20,705 $ 10,000 Halvorson , Deborah House D $ 136,021 $ 16,500 $ 43,800 $ 54,378 $ 20,493 $ 1,750 Harper , Gregg House R $ 53,600 $ 3,000 $ 250 $ 49,850 $ 1,500 $ 0 Hastings , Alcee L House D $ 207,950 $ 9,500 $ 17,950 $ 146,000 $ 10,500 $ 0 Hastings , Doc House R $ 193,792 $ 19,500 $ 13,450 $ 162,883 $ 12,200 $ 1,000 Heinrich , Martin House D $ 94,650 $ 0 $ 9,750 $ 63,550 $ 7,250 $ 7,000 Hensarling , Jeb House R $ 174,627 $ 72,050 $ 29,000 $ 119,827 $ 7,450 $ 0 Himes , Jim House D $ 115,073 $ 13,600 $ 35,523 $ 57,300 $ 4,250 $ 0 Hinchey , Maurice House D $ 285,370 $ 3,900 $ 9,775 $ 211,040 $ 34,635 $ 2,950 Hodes , Paul W House D $ 82,610 $ 25,750 $ 13,300 $ 40,610 $ 16,500 $ 2,800 Honda , Mike House D $ 280,679 $ 5,200 $ 93,967 $ 159,412 $ 11,500 $ 1,000 Hoyer , Steny H House D $ 2,726,559 $ 354,571 $ 474,161 $ 1,333,352 $ 347,600 $ 216,725 Hutchison , Kay Bailey Senate R $ 1,440,988 $ 132,700 $ 187,384 $ 986,090 $ 139,914 $ 13,650 Inglis , Bob House R $ 285,074 $ 13,400 $ 13,150 $ 199,225 $ 10,750 $ 26,599 Inhofe , James M Senate R $ 628,725 $ 140,204 $ 68,650 $ 451,900 $ 42,575 $ 12,700 Inouye , Daniel K Senate D $ 396,251 $ 27,200 $ 19,250 $ 269,451 $ 39,150 $ 17,500 Israel , Steve House D $ 362,610 $ 63,950 $ 81,300 $ 183,800 $ 36,450 $ 5,910 Issa , Darrell House R $ 417,630 $ 33,121 $ 225,614 $ 141,835 $ 7,825 $ 3,000 Jackson Lee , Sheila House D $ 388,716 $ 10,250 $ 6,600 $ 350,166 $ 12,050 $ 500 Jackson , Jesse Jr House D $ 591,145 $ 10,650 $ 46,000 $ 277,620 $ 110,425 $ 9,500 Jenkins , Lynn House R $ 91,350 $ 4,950 $ 8,550 $ 71,700 $ 6,100 $ 0 Johanns , Michael O Senate R $ 236,507 $ 43,300 $ 58,700 $ 118,680 $ 17,977 $ 22,300 Johnson , Eddie Bernice House D $ 164,080 $ 1,750 $ 19,750 $ 107,680 $ 17,950 $ 4,950 Johnson , Hank House D $ 51,752 $ 19,000 $ 17,000 $ 23,002 $ 10,000 $ 0 Johnson , Tim Senate D $ 1,013,335 $ 175,950 $ 48,000 $ 708,291 $ 89,144 $ 78,250 Johnson , Timothy V House R $ 122,000 $ 2,000 $ 10,000 $ 84,550 $ 14,450 $ 6,750 Jones , Walter B Jr House R $ 442,512 $ 44,650 $ 40,535 $ 360,077 $ 26,950 $ 1,250 Jordan , James D House R $ 203,683 $ 13,250 $ 20,000 $ 161,883 $ 3,500 $ 3,000 Kagen , Steve House D $ 392,257 $ 17,000 $ 11,250 $ 283,095 $ 42,062 $ 18,950 Kanjorski , Paul E House D $ 130,280 $ 154,800 $ 51,550 $ 55,676 $ 14,054 $ 1,000 Kaptur , Marcy House D $ 143,425 $ 4,000 $ 11,650 $ 98,700 $ 11,200 $ 5,600 Kennedy , Patrick J House D $ 934,084 $ 70,500 $ 137,300 $ 517,577 $ 85,907 $ 49,950 Kilpatrick , Carolyn Cheeks House D $ 243,525 $ 58,700 $ 34,998 $ 99,276 $ 50,401 $ 0 Kilroy , Mary Jo House D $ 96,035 $ 3,000 $ 12,750 $ 62,950 $ 6,485 $ 5,000 King , Pete House R $ 303,882 $ 46,193 $ 25,850 $ 137,382 $ 93,700 $ 11,450 King , Steven A House R $ 92,400 $ 11,150 $ 5,250 $ 65,950 $ 20,000 $ 1,000 Kingston , Jack House R $ 482,308 $ 123,750 $ 41,350 $ 361,308 $ 42,500 $ 6,500 Kirk , Mark House R $ 1,232,776 $ 79,100 $ 427,887 $ 677,455 $ 43,734 $ 9,000 Kirkpatrick , Ann House D $ 67,450 $ 2,500 $ 1,000 $ 48,450 $ 5,500 $ 9,000 Kissell , Larry House D $ 54,616 $ 2,500 $ 4,000 $ 38,566 $ 2,500 $ 5,000 Klein , Ron House D $ 547,000 $ 45,828 $ 62,200 $ 351,700 $ 27,150 $ 18,000 Klobuchar , Amy Senate D $ 323,795 $ 83,700 $ 47,740 $ 158,505 $ 18,250 $ 3,500 Kohl , Herb Senate D $ 6,450 - $ 50 $ 0 $ 3,000 $ 500 $ 1,000 Kosmas , Suzanne House D $ 81,365 $ 9,750 $ 9,323 $ 56,742 $ 1,750 $ 8,000 Lamborn , Douglas L House R $ 45,200 $ 8,000 $ 11,500 $ 24,200 $ 0 $ 500 Lance , Leonard House R $ 216,250 $ 12,950 $ 117,650 $ 78,600 $ 12,050 $ 2,250 Landrieu , Mary L Senate D $ 1,334,872 $ 162,158 $ 237,196 $ 616,366 $ 208,964 $ 38,931 Langevin , Jim House D $ 258,230 $ 7,350 $ 14,611 $ 191,600 $ 14,107 $ 28,037 Larsen , Rick House D $ 602,865 $ 38,850 $ 59,850 $ 480,265 $ 38,350 $ 1,000 Latham , Tom House R $ 449,761 $ 44,950 $ 123,650 $ 261,411 $ 44,200 $ 10,250 LaTourette , Steven C House R $ 390,367 $ 43,500 $ 84,550 $ 220,842 $ 45,850 $ 8,400 Latta , Robert E House R $ 56,750 $ 9,000 $ 5,500 $ 28,550 $ 9,600 $ 5,000 Lautenberg , Frank R Senate D $ 837,372 $ 81,800 $ 426,072 $ 250,200 $ 60,000 $ 36,000 Leahy , Patrick Senate D $ 238,515 $ 27,300 $ 88,150 $ 85,165 $ 27,450 $ 2,900 Lee , Barbara House D $ 223,780 $ 20,780 $ 25,300 $ 134,900 $ 30,850 $ 550 Lee , Christopher J House R $ 77,535 $ 22,900 $ 13,685 $ 38,950 $ 6,300 $ 5,500 Levin , Carl Senate D $ 662,726 $ 153,156 $ 64,850 $ 404,460 $ 110,924 $ 8,800 Lewis , Jerry House R $ 645,039 $ 94,800 $ 133,750 $ 309,489 $ 68,150 $ 55,500 Lieberman , Joe Senate I $ 2,560,496 $ 448,066 $ 652,040 $ 1,089,612 $ 200,050 $ 168,900 Lipinski , Daniel House D $ 19,150 $ 1,000 $ 500 $ 13,650 $ 4,000 $ 0 LoBiondo , Frank A House R $ 614,441 $ 20,900 $ 29,300 $ 363,367 $ 154,475 $ 17,000 Lofgren , Zoe House D $ 324,713 $ 2,000 $ 206,250 $ 88,703 $ 20,560 $ 0 Lowey , Nita M House D $ 722,654 $ 47,600 $ 64,350 $ 467,604 $ 150,150 $ 17,250 Lucas , Frank D House R $ 142,640 $ 28,400 $ 6,250 $ 120,640 $ 10,750 $ 2,250 Luetkemeyer , Blaine House R $ 61,200 $ 17,400 $ 4,000 $ 24,400 $ 6,300 $ 0 Lugar , Richard G Senate R $ 1,126,440 $ 152,663 $ 288,835 $ 660,757 $ 84,775 $ 28,900 Lujan , Ben R House D $ 58,650 $ 1,250 $ 5,250 $ 41,050 $ 1,000 $ 0 Lummis , Cynthia Marie House R $ 51,600 $ 2,300 $ 2,500 $ 41,800 $ 2,300 $ 0 Lungren , Dan House R $ 186,862 $ 28,750 $ 52,000 $ 74,562 $ 12,700 $ 9,500 Lynch , Stephen F House D $ 135,834 $ 30,000 $ 13,550 $ 48,734 $ 42,250 $ 5,250 Mack , Connie House R $ 290,568 $ 14,500 $ 29,750 $ 182,050 $ 19,718 $ 2,000 Maffei , Dan House D $ 215,643 $ 37,750 $ 39,273 $ 101,750 $ 37,770 $ 8,400 Maloney , Carolyn B House D $ 482,397 $ 60,450 $ 32,250 $ 289,925 $ 116,522 $ 10,750 Manzullo , Don House R $ 803,599 $ 45,500 $ 71,674 $ 676,695 $ 24,030 $ 2,000 Marchant , Kenny House R $ 96,150 $ 17,750 $ 17,500 $ 61,700 $ 11,450 $ 0 Markey , Betsy House D $ 77,883 $ 1,000 $ 6,000 $ 50,700 $ 7,283 $ 2,900 Martinez , Mel Senate R $ 731,490 $ 139,850 $ 126,050 $ 451,990 $ 49,900 $ 49,550 Massa , Eric House D $ 50,871 $ 1,200 $ 2,000 $ 36,201 $ 3,870 $ 1,000 McCarthy , Kevin House R $ 251,516 $ 62,369 $ 91,250 $ 97,416 $ 16,250 $ 11,000 McCaskill , Claire Senate D $ 370,400 $ 34,800 $ 6,050 $ 229,100 $ 65,900 $ 9,000 McCaul , Michael House R $ 149,225 $ 4,000 $ 14,250 $ 116,225 $ 12,500 $ 0 McCollum , Betty House D $ 203,597 $ 19,700 $ 18,650 $ 144,347 $ 21,950 $ 2,000 McConnell , Mitch Senate R $ 3,185,368 $ 523,877 $ 688,349 $ 1,519,391 $ 456,975 $ 81,900 McCotter , Thad House R $ 214,544 $ 58,750 $ 42,000 $ 106,494 $ 23,950 $ 2,500 McGovern , James P House D $ 387,388 $ 47,550 $ 70,775 $ 180,988 $ 73,700 $ 12,625 McHenry , Patrick House R $ 401,625 $ 51,300 $ 82,350 $ 266,925 $ 32,200 $ 6,700 McHugh , John M House R $ 240,513 $ 63,219 $ 11,500 $ 115,744 $ 40,850 $ 4,250 McMahon , Michael E House D $ 100,220 $ 16,500 $ 4,250 $ 64,700 $ 14,270 $ 5,000 Meeks , Gregory W House D $ 261,266 $ 84,000 $ 176,686 $ 48,500 $ 15,100 $ 6,600 Mica , John L House R $ 337,686 $ 43,050 $ 49,300 $ 242,736 $ 18,300 $ 500 Miller , Brad House D $ 160,830 $ 55,500 $ 17,500 $ 108,480 $ 18,250 $ 3,000 Miller , Candice S House R $ 204,131 $ 31,800 $ 13,000 $ 134,081 $ 33,650 $ 1,900 Miller , Gary House R $ 312,797 $ 16,000 $ 114,272 $ 179,250 $ 4,725 $ 3,000 Miller , Jeff House R $ 186,918 $ 2,500 $ 4,500 $ 146,200 $ 26,768 $ 1,500 Mollohan , Alan B House D $ 193,359 $ 5,650 $ 35,500 $ 112,684 $ 28,875 $ 9,500 Moore , Gwen House D $ 44,022 $ 31,450 $ 250 $ 28,622 $ 9,750 $ 0 Moran , Jerry House R $ 345,923 $ 8,500 $ 13,150 $ 266,613 $ 56,650 $ 3,000 Moran , Jim House D $ 433,074 $ 42,100 $ 61,750 $ 296,374 $ 38,500 $ 5,250 Murphy , Scott House D $ 30,223 $ 3,000 $ 4,523 $ 17,450 $ 7,250 $ 0 Murtha , John P House D $ 1,016,404 $ 120,450 $ 75,375 $ 286,916 $ 404,300 $ 3,000 Nadler , Jerrold House D $ 324,254 $ 27,700 $ 18,000 $ 150,504 $ 110,450 $ 6,250 Napolitano , Grace House D $ 142,843 $ 2,550 $ 20,500 $ 106,743 $ 7,300 $ 3,750 Nelson , Ben Senate D $ 1,253,766 $ 534,846 $ 387,983 $ 436,345 $ 179,238 $ 46,850 Neugebauer , Randy House R $ 252,096 $ 54,984 $ 9,936 $ 173,682 $ 7,250 $ 1,328 Obama , Barack President D $ 20,163,933 $ 1,548,651 $ 2,156,590 $ 12,109,983 $ 2,881,138 $ 244,190 Oberstar , James L House D $ 57,180 $ 11,600 $ 5,500 $ 27,280 $ 9,400 $ 5,900 Obey , David R House D $ 826,638 $ 45,506 $ 21,750 $ 536,593 $ 191,250 $ 33,445 Olson , Pete House R $ 83,497 $ 2,500 $ 5,625 $ 66,138 $ 3,000 $ 0 Olver , John W House D $ 319,802 $ 6,150 $ 10,150 $ 190,139 $ 57,550 $ 16,713 Ortiz , Solomon P House D $ 151,780 $ 2,500 $ 3,000 $ 123,580 $ 5,900 $ 0 Pastor , Ed House D $ 135,996 $ 37,800 $ 9,050 $ 77,100 $ 23,275 $ 3,500 Paul , Ron House R $ 1,115,839 $ 33,934 $ 95,146 $ 829,704 $ 100,285 $ 3,800 Paulsen , Erik House R $ 196,400 $ 59,000 $ 47,500 $ 116,600 $ 3,000 $ 1,000 Pelosi , Nancy House D $ 1,289,850 $ 201,250 $ 233,700 $ 769,150 $ 177,300 $ 43,500 Pence , Mike House R $ 492,144 $ 96,100 $ 82,300 $ 249,571 $ 101,623 $ 28,800 Perlmutter , Edwin G House D $ 224,834 $ 44,153 $ 29,616 $ 155,006 $ 13,462 $ 10,200 Perriello , Tom House D $ 55,400 $ 4,600 $ 4,050 $ 30,950 $ 13,250 $ 250 Peters , Gary House D $ 130,905 $ 20,372 $ 9,773 $ 94,372 $ 15,110 $ 7,000 Pingree , Chellie House D $ 118,061 $ 7,000 $ 5,800 $ 86,950 $ 9,761 $ 1,000 Poe , Ted House R $ 263,700 $ 2,800 $ 18,250 $ 239,700 $ 3,500 $ 0 Posey , Bill House R $ 138,100 $ 7,000 $ 3,500 $ 123,150 $ 6,750 $ 0 Price , David House D $ 532,590 $ 39,559 $ 212,142 $ 241,209 $ 47,281 $ 13,500 Pryor , Mark Senate D $ 444,311 $ 67,000 $ 61,400 $ 273,900 $ 26,150 $ 42,300 Putnam , Adam H House R $ 342,588 $ 60,250 $ 113,300 $ 180,611 $ 23,500 $ 8,500 Quigley , Mike House D $ 25,300 $ 2,400 $ 0 $ 21,450 $ 2,600 $ 0 Rahall , Nick House D $ 140,316 $ 3,750 $ 7,240 $ 96,176 $ 23,250 $ 500 Rehberg , Denny House R $ 104,962 $ 23,400 $ 11,000 $ 82,362 $ 7,450 $ 500 Reid , Harry Senate D $ 2,235,051 $ 380,350 $ 310,300 $ 1,183,626 $ 237,975 $ 102,550 Reyes , Silvestre House D $ 198,890 $ 2,750 $ 6,100 $ 165,050 $ 14,200 $ 0 Richardson , Laura House D $ 47,100 $ 6,750 $ 7,300 $ 26,500 $ 3,750 $ 2,800 Risch , James E Senate R $ 94,200 $ 21,250 $ 23,100 $ 42,850 $ 19,500 $ 2,000 Rodriguez , Ciro D House D $ 329,113 $ 10,950 $ 18,481 $ 253,232 $ 22,050 $ 12,700 Rogers , Hal House R $ 377,695 $ 9,600 $ 13 0,749 $ 194,621 $ 33,175 $ 6,900 Rogers , Mike D House R $ 561,546 $ 74,450 $ 35,100 $ 438,296 $ 37,250 $ 17,250 Rohrabacher , Dana House R $ 295,845 $ 18,150 $ 56,485 $ 189,660 $ 7,350 $ 12,000 Rooney , Tom House R $ 69,750 $ 4,000 $ 3,550 $ 48,900 $ 3,200 $ 8,800 Ros-Lehtinen , Ileana House R $ 916,282 $ 77,608 $ 59,680 $ 613,162 $ 133,614 $ 8,250 Rothman , Steven R House D $ 1,008,972 $ 8,050 $ 192,137 $ 587,460 $ 117,075 $ 12,850 Roybal - Allard , Lucille House D $ 248,063 $ 15,850 $ 15,750 $ 148,838 $ 63,575 $ 1,500 Royce , Ed House R $ 548,122 $ 124,100 $ 86,600 $ 342,147 $ 32,100 $ 8,900 Ruppersberger , Dutch House D $ 200,528 $ 24,500 $ 1,500 $ 148,300 $ 25,500 $ 3,178 Ryan , Tim House D $ 160,020 $ 5,250 $ 11,950 $ 100,420 $ 23,550 $ 4,500 Schauer , Mark House D $ 121,088 $ 13,250 $ 17,600 $ 64,043 $ 19,295 $ 250 Schmidt , Jean House R $ 194,332 $ 5,000 $ 76,000 $ 83,150 $ 12,000 $ 17,100 Schock , Aaron House R $ 291,050 $ 20,500 $ 24,600 $ 184,450 $ 15,650 $ 13,100 Schrader , Kurt House D $ 163,751 $ 9,001 $ 31,750 $ 95,900 $ 9,000 $ 10,500 Schultz , Debbie Wasserman House D $ 452,100 $ 80,059 $ 48,707 $ 275,196 $ 41,200 $ 2,000 Sensenbrenner , F James Jr House R $ 241,636 $ 73,165 $ 96,837 $ 106,499 $ 5,000 $ 2,300 Serrano , Jose E House D $ 133,446 $ 3,000 $ 16,650 $ 84,904 $ 27,642 $ 1,000 Sessions , Jeff Senate R $ 1,207,778 $ 196,537 $ 187,110 $ 756,973 $ 108,835 $ 52,950 Sessions , Pete House R $ 1,424,900 $ 131,634 $ 246,185 $ 944,593 $ 98,350 $ 11,247 Shaheen , Jeanne Senate D $ 351,582 $ 21,700 $ 33,983 $ 229,039 $ 37,520 $ 11,500 Shelby , Richard C Senate R $ 964,188 $ 325,650 $ 256,911 $ 346,399 $ 71,600 $ 115,053 Sherman , Brad House D $ 410,216 $ 31,850 $ 96,605 $ 247,511 $ 29,550 $ 7,000 Shuster , Bill House R $ 153,105 $ 12,750 $ 9,550 $ 91,000 $ 39,255 $ 1,000 Simpson , Mike House R $ 388,829 $ 22,000 $ 33,369 $ 328,010 $ 21,200 $ 4,000 Sires , Albio House D $ 198,870 $ 10,000 $ 42,000 $ 111,670 $ 23,900 $ 0 Skelton , Ike House D $ 250,754 $ 52,100 $ 20,300 $ 158,700 $ 27,254 $ 750 Slaughter , Louise M House D $ 363,822 $ 30,250 $ 42,850 $ 246,062 $ 47,800 $ 7,610 Smith , Adam House D $ 339,039 $ 71,500 $ 134,600 $ 142,239 $ 22,250 $ 1,500 Smith , Adrian House R $ 101,325 $ 19,000 $ 10,000 $ 71,575 $ 3,200 $ 7,200 Smith , Chris House R $ 264,746 $ 12,650 $ 47,585 $ 174,236 $ 21,400 $ 10,000 Smith , Lamar House R $ 568,359 $ 12,350 $ 200,200 $ 320,459 $ 23,750 $ 1,500 Snyder , Vic House D $ 539,230 $ 11,850 $ 15,700 $ 437,981 $ 43,249 $ 20,500 Specter , Arlen Senate D $ 4,451,493 $ 381,728 $ 1,204,216 $ 1,723,190 $ 779,828 $ 90,100 Speier , Jackie House D $ 143,100 $ 20,850 $ 31,350 $ 69,750 $ 11,750 $ 1,000 Spratt , John M Jr House D $ 456,632 $ 93,100 $ 35,750 $ 252,870 $ 105,512 $ 35,150 Teague , Harry House D $ 73,375 $ 0 $ 7,000 $ 42,650 $ 5,600 $ 6,000 Tester , Jon Senate D $ 197,700 $ 21,150 $ 30,800 $ 136,500 $ 23,750 $ 0 Thompson , Bennie G House D $ 345,267 $ 7,950 $ 134,679 $ 168,335 $ 19,603 $ 5,500 Thornberry , Mac House R $ 345,202 $ 7,200 $ 3,200 $ 310,577 $ 7,800 $ 4,225 Thune , John Senate R $ 1,244,242 $ 143,216 $ 133,850 $ 809,115 $ 161,621 $ 12,116 Tiahrt , Todd House R $ 359,270 $ 23,350 $ 22,200 $ 292,120 $ 25,550 $ 500 Towns , Edolphus House D $ 1,395,947 $ 212,700 $ 398,374 $ 609,28 1 $ 117,642 $ 28,535 Tsongas , Niki House D $ 145,807 $ 11,100 $ 25,000 $ 54,707 $ 19,900 $ 17,550 Turner , Michael R House R $ 196,190 $ 13,850 $ 16,500 $ 114,370 $ 29,120 $ 5,500 Udall , Mark Senate D $ 780,787 $ 108,650 $ 172,125 $ 428,387 $ 50,225 $ 26,600 Udall , Tom Senate D $ 381,701 $ 32,600 $ 26,850 $ 276,220 $ 30,701 $ 14,430 Velazquez , Nydia M House D $ 264,303 $ 33,800 $ 41,725 $ 124,278 $ 67,950 $ 1,000 Visclosky , Pete House D $ 378,510 $ 14,500 $ 43,600 $ 288,220 $ 29,990 $ 250 Vitter , David Senate R $ 1,144,530 $ 31,108 $ 85,000 $ 859,419 $ 97,025 $ 3,466 Voinovich , George V Senate R $ 1,231,967 $ 143,340 $ 339,424 $ 585,241 $ 151,400 $ 24,120 Walz , Timothy J House D $ 217,389 $ 17,700 $ 22,020 $ 102,725 $ 57,944 $ 15,500 Wamp , Zach House R $ 595,322 $ 17,150 $ 42,700 $ 433,785 $ 50,825 $ 41,200 Warner , Mark Senate D $ 860,141 $ 152,000 $ 128,950 $ 429,716 $ 92,000 $ 53,425 Waters , Maxine House D $ 141,840 $ 6,800 $ 2,800 $ 107,205 $ 7,600 $ 9,750 Watson , Diane E House D $ 115,750 $ 0 $ 4,000 $ 82,500 $ 6,350 $ 6,000 Watt , Melvin L House D $ 216,235 $ 28 , 450 $ 65,515 $ 93,470 $ 27,600 $ 200 Webb , James Senate D $ 155,369 $ 10,750 $ 11,250 $ 103,019 $ 19,850 $ 450 Westmoreland , Lynn A House R $ 241,535 $ 66,550 $ 4,000 $ 185,635 $ 19,500 $ 0 Wexler , Robert House D $ 400,370 $ 11,000 $ 23,250 $ 274,770 $ 31,500 $ 23,600 Whitehouse , Sheldon Senate D $ 130,249 $ 20,350 $ 13,749 $ 89,250 $ 6,650 $ 7,500 Wicker , Roger Senate R $ 962,875 $ 67,600 $ 113,795 $ 675,780 $ 75,550 $ 48,600 Wittman , Rob House R $ 55,450 $ 5,000 $ 2,500 $ 35,500 $ 11,950 $ 0 Wolf , Frank R House R $ 247,363 $ 10,750 $ 41,700 $ 163,413 $ 21,500 $ 15,000 Young , C W Bill House R $ 437,363 $ 35,250 $ 67,091 $ 274,862 $ 27,000 $ 39,460 Young , Don House R $ 210,730 $ 16,100 $ 5,900 $ 180,730 $ 14,250 $ 1,800
Return to “ Diagnosis : Reform ” series
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ] g
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Each of us is different .
We all have different tastes and preferences .
So , when deciding between a high - THC …
The crash happened at the entrance to Altnagelvin Hospital
An ambulance was sent 16 miles to help a pregnant woman injured in a car crash which took place outside a Londonderry hospital , it has emerged .
The incident happened outside Altnagelvin hospital in October , but details have only just been released .
An ambulance service spokesman said an ambulance was sent from Limavady because Derry ambulances were on emergency calls .
" It is generally a system that works extremely well , " he added .
" While Limavady were covering in Derry we were confident Coleraine would be able to cover the likes of Limavady . "
We managed to get a comic up here even though Tony got scooped and Wes was absorbed by an amoeba .
In a move to attract more premium content and to pick up a few extra quid along the way , YouTube has been floating the idea of introducing a new paid subscription model .
Paying users may soon be able to watch TV shows and movies with no advertising getting in the way of a particularly dramatic moment .
Channel 4 and Five have recently signed long - form content deals with YouTube , which is looking to undergo a rebranding of its image to a service providing quality online long - form content .
Videos on YouTube currently have a 10 minute limit .
While 10 minutes is more than long enough for footage of babies on roller - skates , it does n’t quite pack in an episode of CSI .
Google bought the video sharing website back in 2005 , and has been searching for ways to make the service profitable .
Vice - president of content partnerships at Google , David Eun , said that Google has been in talks with broadcasters with regards to different business models .
“ We ’re making some interesting bets on long - form content ; not all content is accessible to us with the advertising model , ” he said .
“ The biggest opportunity today is advertising and we ’ve just begun to scratch the surface . ”
The move comes as rumours spread of US - based Hulu coming to the UK .
Currently Hulu shows full - length programmes including the Daily Show and Family Guy .
Google has also been in discussion with film studios about the possibility of charging viewers for watching films on the site , in a video - rentals - 2.0 kind of way .
A number of studios already have similar agreements with Amazon and Apple ’s iTunes , but nothing has been agreed so far with Google .
Another subscription model that Google has been considering is a variation on the monthly subscription fees that cable TV providers charge .
Would you pay to watch the latest Twilight movie on YouTube ?
Leave us a comment and let us know !
The World From Berlin On Nord Stream Pipeline , ' Germany Must Take a Selfish Stand '
The Swedish and Finnish governments have finally consented to the construction of an ambitious new gas pipeline from Russia to Central Europe after years of opposition .
German commentators welcome the removal of this last obstacle to the project but express reservations about Russian geopolitical ambitions .
It considers Mr. Haqqani and his control of large areas of Afghan territory vital to Pakistan in the jostling for influence that will pit Pakistan , India , Russia , China and Iran against one another in the post - American Afghan arena , the Pakistani officials said .
Image Jalaluddin Haqqani , a senior fighter , is the father Siraj Haqqani , a Taliban commander .
Credit ... Ministry of Defense , via Associated Press
Pakistan is particularly eager to counter the growing influence of its archenemy , India , which is pouring $ 1.2 billion in aid into Afghanistan .
“ If America walks away , Pakistan is very worried that it will have India on its eastern border and India on its western border in Afghanistan , ” said Tariq Fatemi , a former Pakistani ambassador to the United States who is pro-American in his views .
For that reason , Mr. Fatemi said , the Pakistani Army is “ very reluctant ” to jettison Mr. Haqqani , Pakistan ’s strong card in Afghanistan .
Moreover , the Pakistanis do not want to alienate Mr. Haqqani because they consider him an important player in reconciliation efforts that they would like to see get under way in Afghanistan immediately , the officials said .
Because Mr. Haqqani shelters Qaeda leaders and operatives in North Waziristan , Washington is opposed to including Mr. Haqqani among the possible reconcilable Taliban , at least for the moment , a Western diplomat said .
In his reply to the Americans , General Kayani stressed a short - term argument , according to two Pakistani officials familiar with the response .
Pakistan currently has its hands full fighting the Pakistani Taliban in South Waziristan and other places , and it is beyond its capacity to open another front against the Afghan Taliban , the officials said of General Kayani ’s response .
The offensive has had the secondary effect of constraining the Haqqani network in North Waziristan and driving some of its commanders and fighters across the border to Afghanistan , senior American military officials in Afghanistan said .
But implicit in General Kayani ’s reply was the fact that the homegrown Pakistani Taliban represent the real threat to Pakistan .
General Kayani argued that they are the ones carrying out attacks against security installations and civilian markets in Pakistan ’s cities and must be the army ’s top priority , the officials said .
With only 2 people all within 30 seconds .
Facebook , the popular networking site , has 350 million members worldwide who , collectively , spend 10 billion minutes there every day , checking in with friends , writing on people ’s electronic walls , clicking through photos and generally keeping pace with the drift of their social world .
Make that 9.9 billion and change .
Recently , Halley Lamberson , 17 , and Monica Reed , 16 , juniors at San Francisco University High School , made a pact to help each other resist the lure of the login .
Their status might as well now read , “ I ca n’t be bothered . ”
“ We decided we spent way too much time obsessing over Facebook and it would be better if we took a break from it , ” Halley said .
By mutual agreement , the two friends now allow themselves to log on to Facebook on the first Saturday of every month  and only on that day .
'' The link between scent and memory is very strong , and how we react to different smells is therefore very unique and dependent on who we are as individuals and our past experiences . ''
“ I like it cause can knew and make more friends with others country people .
I do n't like it because I do not deserve what they give it to me and that 's not my real name .
By Michael Barone - December 17 , 2009
While Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid scrambles to assemble 60 Democratic votes for health care legislation that , according to the Realclearpolitics.com average of recent polls , is opposed by a 53 percent to 38 percent margin , several Democratic members of the House are scrambling for the exits on what is starting to look like a sinking ship .
You may have noticed that I avoided using the cliche " rats leaving the sinking ship , " because the four Democratic House members who over the last three weeks announced their decisions to retire rather than run for re-election cannot fairly be characterized as rats .
To the contrary , Dennis Moore ( Kansas 3 ) , John Tanner ( Tennessee 8 ) , Brian Baird ( Washington 3 ) and Bart Gordon ( Tennessee 6 ) are competent House members who between them have won election to Congress 36 times .
Gordon is chairman of the House Science Committee ; Tanner was offered an appointment to succeed Al Gore in the Senate in 1992 ; Baird was lead sponsor of measures to ensure the continuity of Congress in time of national disaster .
All have claims to significant legislative accomplishments .
And to political success in marginal Democratic territory .
Gordon and Tanner represent districts that voted heavily for John McCain in 2008 ; Moore 's usually Republican district gave Barack Obama a small majority ; Baird 's suburban district has voted at just about the national average in the last three presidential elections .
All four cited plausible personal reasons for calling it quits , and none can be unaware that there is a robust job market in Washington for former Democratic congressmen with good political skills .
Members of Congress make $ 174,000 a year ; heads of trade associations make upward of $ 741,000 and do n't have to return to home districts on weekends .
All four of these retiring members faced the prospect of tougher opposition in 2010 than they have encountered in years .
Tanner and Gordon are from what I call the Jacksonian belt , the area settled by Scots - Irish southwest from West Virginia to Texas , where Barack Obama ran poorly in both primaries and the general election last year .
Polls in nearby Jacksonian Arkansas have shown Democratic incumbents running even with or behind unknown Republican challengers .
Moore and Baird are from suburban districts where their views on cultural issues have been a political asset .
But in the gubernatorial elections last month in Virginia and New Jersey , suburban voters brushed aside cultural issues and voted for Republicans who ran against higher taxes and big government .
That suggests that Democrats in suburban House districts can't expect to match Obama 's 2008 showings next year .
These four Democrats are not the only House members who are n't running for re-election , but all of the 12 Republican retirees and all but one of the seven other Democratic retirees are leaving the House to run for statewide office .
The question now is whether more Democrats of this ilk will choose to retire -- something House Democratic leaders have been working to prevent .
They 're very much aware that Republicans in 1994 won some 21 open seats in which Democratic incumbents did not seek re-election , nearly half the 52 seats the Republicans gained when they won control of the House that year .
Public opinion expresses itself in the legislative process in various ways .
Democrats ' current large majority in the House , which has enabled them to pass unpopular cap - and - trade and health care legislation , is largely the product of public discontent with George W. Bush 's perceived nonfeasance on Katrina in 2005 and perceived malfeasance in Iraq in 2005 and later .
These four decisions to retire , and similar decisions by other Democrats that may come , seem ( for all disclaimers of personal reasons ) to be the product of public discontent with the policies of the Obama administration and congressional Democratic leaders in 2009 .
Such discontent , perceptible only in the Jacksonian belt last year , has now clearly spread to the suburbs of major metropolitan areas .
The odds are still against Republicans picking up the 41 seats they need for a House majority .
But it 's interesting that when Massachusetts Democrat Michael Capuano , fresh from a second - place finish in the primary for Edward Kennedy 's Senate seat , was asked to tell the Democratic caucus what he had learned on the campaign trail , he replied in two words : " You 're screwed . "
How many of those listening decided that it would be a good idea to spend more time with the family after 2010 ?
Violence is contagious .
This Kentucky weirdo should be checked out very carefully .
A Kentucky woman has threatened a Michigan newspaper with a bloodbath similar to the massacre at Ft. Hood if they do n't lay off criticism of the District 6 congresswoman .
Weird .
We always thought Michele was a pro-life kinda gal .
But on with the story , which begins with an editorial in the Port Huron Times Herald .
It lambastes Bachmann as a " a hate - spewing , right - wing legislator from Minnesota . "
Rally participants carried a variety of disturbing signs .
One placard had a health care message superimposed over dead bodies from Holocaust concentration camps .
One referred to President Barack Obama as " Sambo . "
One depicted the president as the evil " Joker " from Batman movies .
One referred to " Obama and his Marxist buddies .
" At one point , the crowd chanted " Nazi , Nazi . "
The unidentified Kentucky woman was having none of that , and according to Editor and Publisher , she put in a call to the Gannett customer service center in Louisville , Ky. , threatening to arm herself and " do what they did at Fort Hood . "
( Gannett owns the Times Herald . )
Gannett gave a copy of the recording to Kentucky authorities , who paid the woman a visit last week .
No charges have yet been filed in the case .
Pennsylvania lawmakers ' failure to pass a measure that raises tax revenue by expanding casino gambling could mean more state employee layoffs , the governor said .
Gov.
Ed Rendell said today he will have to lay off at least 1,000 more state employees if the Legislature cannot resolve a stalemate over the bill by Jan .
8 . Rendell is counting on $ 250 million from taxing revenue from poker , blackjack and other table games as part of October 's state budget agreement .
Without it , he says , he 'll have no choice but to slash spending on salaries and operations .
However , Rendell delivered good news to Penn State and several other universities .
He says he will approve their state subsidies that he had held up while waiting for the Legislature to pass a gambling bill .
The winner of the BCS championship game wo n't be determined until Thursday night , but the loser 's already decided .
It 's us .
Citigroup , which needed about $ 50 billion of our money to stay in business and has repaid less than half of it , is the proud sponsor of the Big Game .
Maybe we should call it the Bailout Bowl or the Tournament of Financial Ruin .
AIG executives were forced to give up their junkets after getting bailout money , and auto execs had to ground their jets .
Banks , though , are on a sponsorship binge , aligning college sports with failed finance .
In addition to the Bailout Bowl , Citi also underwrote the Rose Bowl — the granddaddy of Wall Street basket cases sponsored the Granddaddy of Them All .
Meanwhile , Capital One , which at least has managed to repay the $ 3.6 billion it got from the government , sponsored a bowl bearing its name .
Then there 's the GMAC Bowl , which I 'd like to call the Subprime Showdown after its mortgage - issuing sponsor sopped up more than $ 16 billion in government aid and probably is n't done .
Of course , all bailed - out banks have continued to advertise , and the few millions that these banks spent on bowl games pales compared with the billions they borrowed from us .
In fact , if they do n't advertise , they may never have a hope of paying us back .
But sponsoring college bowl games is n't typical advertising .
It 's another example of finance companies worming their way into the lucrative college market , associating their names with institutions of higher learning .
Campuses have been fertile ground for banks and finance companies , especially those that issue credit and debit cards and underwrite private student loans .
For example , when my son started college in the fall , a major bank handled the school 's meal card program and quickly suggested he open an account with them as well .
The account , of course , came with massive “ overdraft protection ” fees that , rather than simply refusing a transaction if he miscalculated his balance by a few dollars , instead turned a $ 2 soft drink into a $ 37 one .
We closed the account after the bank told us it was impossible to remove the “ service . ”
His experiences are minor compared with the thousands of students who are being wooed into high - interest debt to pay for school .
More than two - thirds of undergraduates from a four - year institution graduate with an average debt of more than $ 23,000 , according to the Institute for College Access and Success .
While federally insured loans have historically carried reasonable , fixed interest rates — currently between about 3 percent and 6.8 percent — banks have used their campus access to develop a new and far risky practice : private student loans .
Unlike federally backed student loans , private loans typically come with variable interest rates , often sold with introductory rates that are lower than the fixed - rates on federal loans .
But that 's like the difference between buying a 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage and a subprime loan with a balloon payment .
Private lenders are n't even required to disclose the loan 's interest rate before the borrower signs up , although that will change in February when new rules take effect .
“ The label of ‘ student loan ' tends to confer a confidence in the quality of the product that is n't borne out , ” said Lauren Asher , the institute 's president .
“ Private student loans are an expensive , risky form of credit , like a credit card . ”
According to independent market researcher Student Lending Analytics , one of the biggest underwriters of private student loans is — you guessed it — Citigroup .
Almost two - thirds of undergraduates with private loans have n't maxxed out their federal loan options , Asher said .
In other words , a lot of students are getting suckered into paying more than they should for college .
By sponsoring the Bailout Bowl , Citi is using our money to exploit college students .
It does n't matter who you root for or who wins the game .
Taxpayers lose again .
Loren Steffy is the Chronicle 's business columnist .
His commentary appears Sundays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Contact him at loren.steffy@chron.com .
His blog is at http://blogs.chron.com/lorensteffy.
Meet the New AOL Logo : “ Aol . ” ( Plus the Press Release )
The new AOL will differ than the old one in several ways :
New boss , smaller headcount , different owners .
So , of course , it also gets a new logo .
This one will look awfully familiar , since it is the same trio of well - known letters , and if you ’re not paying attention you wo n’t notice a thing .
But look closely :
See ?
Yup :
Two lower - case letters and a period .
The idea is that the type will remain consistent , but will be “ revealed ” when it sits on top of different images .
The old AOL swoosh triangle goes away , although its sort - of iconic “ running man ” will stick around in some form , the company said .
Here ’s a canned quote from CEO Tim Armstrong about what this means :
“ Our new identity is uniquely dynamic .
Our business is focused on creating world - class experiences for consumers and AOL is centered on creative and talented people –employees , partners , and advertisers .
We have a clear strategy that we are passionate about and we plan on standing behind the AOL brand as we take the company into the next decade . ”
Branding outfit Wolff
Olins gets credit ( and money ) for figuring this one out .
But let ’s see what investors think of the work when the company spins off from Time Warner ( TWX ) next month .
Here is the full press release :
An east - Texas company , BetaNet LLC , has filed a patent - infringement suit against Apple , Microsoft , Adobe , Oracle , IBM , SAP , and a dozen other companies .
The patent in question , " Secure system for activating personal computer software at remote locations , " describes in sweeping terms a remote software installation and registration process that - at first blush - appears to be similar if not identical to the standard activation system used by a vast array of software .
Exactly who or what is BetaNet LLC , and what is their relationship with the asignee of the original patent , Tau Systems Corporation ?
And seeing as how the patent was granted to Tau Systems in 1993 , why the wait of over 16 years to claim infringment ?
We asked those and other questions of BetaNet 's lawyer in the Longview , Texas offices of Spangler Law , P.C. , a firm specializing in patent - infringement cases , and he declined to respond , even refusing to identify BetaNet .
His repeated comment : " I 'm sorry but I have no comment . "
The full list of defendants in the lawsuit , filed in the US District Court of Eastern Texas , is an impressive cadre of deep - pocket targets : Adobe , Apple , Arial Software , Autodesk , Carbonite , Corel , Kodak , IBM , Intuit , Microsoft , McAfee , Online Holdings , Oracle , Rockwell , Rosetta Stone , SAP , Siemens , and Sony .
The abstract of patent # 5,222,134 , the core of the dispute , describes a system in which , after registration , an " overlay " is transmitted to the licensee 's computer that " includes critical portions of the main program , without which the main program would not operate and also contains licensee identification and license control data . "
In the suit , specific applications are called out as infringing on the patent .
Apple , for example , is said to infringe upon it in iTunes , Aperture , QuickTime , and MobileMe .
Considering that iTunes and QuickTime are free and thus do n't require registration ( an email address is reqested , but not required ) , it 's difficult to understand how the " the main program would not operate " , as described in the patent , without the aforementioned " overlay . "
Other specifically cited apps seem iffy , as well , such as Adobe Acrobat - which is n't an app , per se , but actually a family of apps that includes the free Acrobat Reader .
Such oversight may simply be sloppy lawyering , but there are plenty of other paid apps cited in the suit , from Adobe Creative Suite to Microsoft Office to SAP Xcelsius and more .
Many more . ®
Bootnote
If the terms " patent " and " US District Court of Eastern Texas " ring a bell , it may be because that 's the court in which a judge granted an injunction this August to prevent Microsoft from selling Word because it infringed on a patent owned by Canadian software firm i4i .
Redmond 's appeal of that judgment was heard in late September , with a decision expected soon .
People with autism struggle in social situations Scientists have produced evidence that self - awareness is a big problem for people with autism .
Sophisticated scans showed the brains of people with autism are less active when engaged in self - reflective thought .
The findings provide a neurological insight into why people with autism tend to struggle in social situations .
The study , by the University of Cambridge , appears in the journal Brain .
Navigating social interactions with others requires keeping track of the relationship between oneself and others
Michael Lombardo
University of Cambridge Autism has long been considered a condition of extreme egocentrism .
But research has shown the problem is people with the condition have trouble thinking about , and making sense of , themselves .
The researchers used functional magnetic resonance scans to measure brain activity in 66 male volunteers , half of whom had been diagnosed with an autistic spectrum disorder .
The volunteers were asked to make judgements either about their own thoughts , opinions , preferences , or physical characteristics , or about someone else 's , in this case the Queen .
By scanning the volunteers ' brains as they responded to these questions , the researchers were able to visualise differences in brain activity between those with and without autism .
They were particularly interested in part of the brain called the ventromedial pre-frontal cortex ( vMPFC ) - known to be active when people think about themselves .
The researchers found this area of the brain was more active when typical volunteers were asked questions about themselves compared with when they were thinking about the Queen .
However , in autism this brain region responded equally , irrespective of whether they were thinking about themselves or the Queen .
Researcher Michael Lombardo said the study showed that the autistic brain struggled to to process information about the self .
He said : " Navigating social interactions with others requires keeping track of the relationship between oneself and others .
" In some social situations it is important to notice that ' I am similar to you ' , while in other situations it might be important to notice that ' I am different to you ' .
" The atypical way the autistic brain treats self - relevant information as equivalent to information about others could derail a child 's social development , particularly in understanding how they relate to the social world around them . "
Dr. Gina Gómez de la Cuesta , of the National Autistic Society , described the study as " interesting " .
" We know many people with autism do want to interact with others and make friends but have difficulty recognising or understanding other people 's thoughts and feelings .
" This research has shown that people with autism may also have difficulty understanding their own thoughts and feelings and the brain mechanisms underlying this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
New York , NY , January 4 , 2010 - Knee osteoarthritis ( OA ) accounts for more disability in the elderly than any other disease .
Running , although it has proven cardiovascular and other health benefits , can increase stresses on the joints of the leg .
In a study published in the December 2009 issue of PM&R :
The journal of injury , function and rehabilitation , researchers compared the effects on knee , hip and ankle joint motions of running barefoot versus running in modern running shoes .
They concluded that running shoes exerted more stress on these joints compared to running barefoot or walking in high - heeled shoes .
Sixty - eight healthy young adult runners ( 37 women ) , who run in typical , currently available running shoes , were selected from the general population .
None had any history of musculoskeletal injury and each ran at least 15 miles per week .
A running shoe , selected for its neutral classification and design characteristics typical of most running footwear , was provided to all runners .
Using a treadmill and a motion analysis system , each subject was observed running barefoot and with shoes .
Data were collected at each runner 's comfortable running pace after a warm - up period .
The researchers observed increased joint torques at the hip , knee and ankle with running shoes compared with running barefoot .
Disproportionately large increases were observed in the hip internal rotation torque and in the knee flexion and knee varus torques .
An average 54 % increase in the hip internal rotation torque , a 36 % increase in knee flexion torque , and a 38 % increase in knee varus torque were measured when running in running shoes compared with barefoot .
These findings confirm that while the typical construction of modern - day running shoes provides good support and protection of the foot itself , one negative effect is the increased stress on each of the 3 lower extremity joints .
These increases are likely caused in large part by an elevated heel and increased material under the medial arch , both characteristic of today 's running shoes .
Writing in the article , lead author D. Casey Kerrigan , MD , JKM Technologies LLC , Charlottesville , VA , and co-investigators state , " Remarkably , the effect of running shoes on knee joint torques during running ( 36% - 38 % increase ) that the authors observed here is even greater than the effect that was reported earlier of high - heeled shoes during walking ( 20 % - 26 % increase ) .
Considering that lower extremity joint loading is of a significantly greater magnitude during running than is experienced during walking , the current findings indeed represent substantial biomechanical changes . "
Dr. Kerrigan concludes , " Reducing joint torques with footwear completely to that of barefoot running , while providing meaningful footwear functions , especially compliance , should be the goal of new footwear designs . "
###
The article is " The Effect of Running Shoes on Lower Extremity Joint Torques " by D. Casey Kerrigan , MD , Jason R. Franz , MS , Geoffrey S. Keenan , MD , Jay Dicharry , MPT , Ugo Della Croce , PhD , and Robert P. Wilder , MD .
It appears in PM&R : The journal of injury , function and rehabilitation , Volume 1 , Issue 12 ( December 2009 ) , published by Elsevier .
The article has been made freely available and may be accessed at : http://www.pmrjournal.org/article/S1934-1482(09)01367-7/fulltext
One hundred years ago today , Red Cloud , the last of the great Sioux warrior chiefs , died in peace on the Pine Ridge reservation at the age of 89 .
He was preceded in death by the way of life he fought so valiantly to preserve .
If there is such a thing as a just war , Red Cloud ’s War of 1866 was more just than most .
Black Kettle ‘s village of peaceful Cheyenne had been recently and wantonly slaughtered by the Colorado militia under Colonel John Chivington at Sand Creek .
( The survivors of this unhappy band would meet their deaths a few years later at Washita Creek , at the equally murderous hands of General George Armstrong Custer . )
Against this background , the chiefs had been betrayed at Fort Laramie , where the government had summoned them to negotiate for the right to build roads through Indian territory .
With the conference still in session and no agreement in sight , Colonel Henry Carrington and a force of 700 men arrived to build the Bozeman Trail .
It seems to have been Red Cloud who converted thousands of disgruntled but essentially powerless Indians into — well , not exactly an organized fighting force ( military organization being pretty much a foreign concept to the Plains Indians ) , but a force sufficiently coherent and sufficiently aroused to defeat the United States government , first in battle ( at Fort Phil Kearney ) and then at war .
There are conflicting accounts of his military leadership ( or lack thereof ) ; it ’s more likely that High Back Bone ( a /k/ a Hump ) was the general - in - chief ( at least at the Fort Phil Kearney battles ) .
But Red Cloud ’s political leadership was paramount ; it was about this time that he displaced the hereditary leader Man Afraid Of His Horse as the most influential of the Sioux chiefs .
Whoever led , the attacks on Fort Phil Kearney were devastatingly effective .
The Indians , through all their decades of fighting against white soldiers , had exactly one military tactic :
To send out a small party of decoys and lead the soldiers into a trap .
The Fort Phil Kearney attack was the one and only occasion on which this tactic actually worked .
( On every other occasion , without fail , the Indians hiding in ambuscade became overeager and showed themselves while there was still time for the soldiers to escape . )
A hundred soldiers under the command of Captain William Fetterman left the fort to relieve a party of wood gatherers ; Crazy Horse led the decoys , and the phrase “ Fetterman Disaster ” entered the national lexicon .
Between the Fetterman fight , a second attack on Fort Phil Kearney , and a series of raids throughout the Powder River Country , Red Cloud ’s people devastated the army ’s morale and won , in effect , a full surrender from the United States government , which agreed to abandon the Bozeman Trail and the forts that had been built to protect it .
All troops were evacuated from the Powder River country and the Indians celebrated by burning the forts .
Red Cloud had won the war .
But there were other wars to come .
When Red Cloud , who could not read , signed the peace treaty of 1868 , he had no idea that the government had inserted a clause requiring the Indian population to move west of the Missouri .
As far as Red Cloud was concerned , he had agreed to no such thing .
War loomed again .
Now Red Cloud , the great politician , made the first of several visits to Washington , DC to meet with President Grant .
Several sources report that Red Cloud requested this visit , but I believe the historian George Hyde , who says that the urgent request came from Washington , where officials were desperate to avert yet another war with the Sioux .
Negotiations broke down when officials flourished the treaty of 1868 and Red Cloud — backed by all the other chiefs in the delegation — insisted that the provision about moving had never been read to any of them .
The government then made the great mistake of insisting that Red Cloud visit New York City , hoping to intimidate him with a show of wealth and power .
There , Red Cloud gave an impassioned speech at the Cooper Institute ( now Cooper Union ) that turned the tide of public opinion dramatically in his favor .
Once again , Red Cloud had defeated the United States government , which abandoned its relocation plans and asked the Indians to accept an agency on the White River , where they could camp and receive food and blankets .
The hard part was selling his own people on the idea of peace .
Having seen their own leaders bamboozled by the white men , many rank and file Indians were prepared to resume hostilities .
Red Cloud , the great leader in war , now became the great leader in peace , working tirelessly to damp down the war fever .
For this he was not well repaid by the government , which proceeded in 1875 to steal the Black Hills of South Dakota , which belonged in perpetuity to the Indians in accordance with the Treaty of 1868 .
Red Cloud offered to sell the Black Hills for $ 600 million plus food for his people for the next seven generations ; the government offered $ 6 million and no food .
As rumors of gold spread and the government did nothing to prevent an influx of white prospectors and miners , it became clear that the Sioux would be lucky to get even that .
( A decade later , in 1883 , when the Interior Department tried to expropriate even more Indian lands , the U.S. Congress overruled the action as a clear treaty violation .
A Dakota judge immediately ruled that because the Black Hills had already been stolen , and because the Congress had now branded such land thefts as treaty violations , there was now ample precedent to violate all other Indian treaties !!)
The loss of the Black Hills meant war again , though by now it was more Sitting Bull ‘s war than Red Cloud ’s .
Following Custer ’s dramatic defeat in this war , the government came to the chiefs with an ultimatum :
Give up your lands and move to the Missouri , or we will starve you .
There seemed little doubt that public opinion was very different now than it had been after the Cooper Institute speech , and the threat was serious .
To save his people , Red Cloud capitulated .
After Red Cloud ’s folk had been removed to the Pine Ridge reservation , he continued to his death to resist the white man ’s ways , and to dream of restoring his vanished way of life .
At the neighboring Rosebud Reservation , his lifelong rival Spotted Tail took the opposite tack , encouraging his people to prepare for a new and very different future .
Over the weekend , I came in for some probably deserved criticism from Clive Crook over my initial , somewhat airy , reaction to Climategate .
In my defense , he quotes my first post on the topic , not the follow up .
That was early innings , and my initial estimation of the emails that got the most press at the beginning -- particularly the " trick " email - - has n't changed all that much .
Sexing up a graph is a bad thing .
But the world is not going to plunge off a cliff because of one overdone graph .
I 've become considerably more concerned at items that have subsequently gotten more attention .
Clive says :
Megan McArdle adopts a world - weary tone similar to The Economist 's : this is how science is done in the real world .
If I were a scientist , I would resent that .
She has criticised the emails and the IPCC response to them , then says she still believes the consensus view on climate change .
Well , that was my position at the end of last week , and I suppose it still is .
But how do I defend it ?
There is far more of a problem here for the consensus view than Megan and ordinarily reliable commentators like The Economist acknowledge .
I am not a climate scientist .
In the end I have to trust the experts .
That is what we are asked to do .
" Trust us , we 're scientists " .
He is right : this is not how science should be done .
Bullying , groupthink , and bad behavior take place , even by scientists who are right -- but that is not to say that I approve of it .
And I confess , some of the revelations are making it harder for me to trust this group of scientists about the magnitude of the change , even though I am still pretty confident about the direction .
They apparently tried to organize a deletion of files in order to avoid an FOI request .
This is horrifying , and I simply cannot understand why so many of their supporters are willing to downplay it .
A couple of sample quotes : " Unfortunately , there are also a couple of messages that suggest an effort to destroy emails that might have been subject to a Freedom of Information request .
That 's a genuine problem , though it 's not clear to me just how big a problem it is .
. . .
So on a substantive level , there 's really very little to this . " that 's from Kevin Drum , who I greatly respect .
More worrying is Real Climate : " Suggestions that FOI - related material be deleted ... are ill - advised even if not carried out .
What is and is not responsive and deliverable to an FOI request is however a subject that it is very appropriate to discuss . "
Words fail one , reading that latter comment .
Ill - advised ?
Deleting data in order to avoid an official information request is a crime , as is trying to coordinate same , even if you fail in the execution .
It 's also grossly unethical , and hard to reconcile with any reasonable understanding of science .
Moreover , it 's the sort of thing that is often done by people who have nasty secrets , so it 's hard to pass it off with a blithe , " Oh , dear , now that was a wee bit naughty ! "
Imagine reading this email exchange coming from , say , senior officials in the Bush administration .
Would any of these bloggers regard this as the ethical equivalent of jaywalking on an empty street ?
It 's entirely possible that the aspiring self - censors were merely trying to avoid some trivial embarrassment , since we have no idea what , if anything , was actually deleted .
But it does not inspire the kind of trust you want to have in people who are advocating massive economic dislocations .
There is strong evidence that a small group of scientists has inappropriate power over the process of consensus - building .
Particularly , they seem to have exercised considerable sway over the peer review process at prominent outlets , while simultaneously deriding their critics because . . . they were n't being published in those peer reviewed journals .
As Derek Lowe says , " But while it may have happened somewhere else , that does not make it normal ( and especially not desirable ) scientific behavior .
This is not a standard technique by which our sausage is made over here . "
As with the FOI deletions , I find the defenses incredibly underwhelming .
They boil down to the fact that these scientists were sick of answering criticisms from people they do n't like .
And I am actually sympathetic .
Corporate groups and conservative interests did put a lot of money into battling any evidence of anthropogenic global warming , for reasons that had very little to with a commitment to solid science .
Having gone more than a few rounds with critics like this , I heartily empathize with the weariness .
But unfortunately , having people you do n't like crawl all over your work looking for errors is , er , science .
When I come across scientists who do n't get that , well , my trust in their work sort of plummets .
Contrast this with something like Steven Levitt 's classy response when he was caught in coding errors .
It is not clear to me that CRU can now reproduce their own data set .
There has been a lot of bad reporting on this , including by me -- based on early reports , I originally thought that the problem was with their models , rather than the data underlying them .
A number of other people have reported that the data have vanished , or triumphantly refuted this false claim as if it ended the story .
The truth is more prosy .
CRU still has a database .
What was lost is the source data .
But it is not accurate to say , as they have claimed , that this is n't a problem because you can always go back and get the source data from the original agencies .
I mean , it 's great news that there was n't some cataclysmic tragedy that caused us to lose all our original records of global surface temperatures over the last 150 years .
But it still raises questions about the integrity of their data .
Assembling a data set from many disparate sources is a massive process .
You have to normalize the data so that the records are equivalent , which often means tossing out some records .
In the case of climate records , you also have to apply substantial corrections to the raw temperature records , to account for various factors -- as I understand it , this means things like equipment malfunction and changes in the surrounding area , as well as normalizing the data so that it looks more like a grid .
It is not adequate to say that people can go get the raw data elsewhere , because first of all , that effort is enormous , and second of all , that still would n't tell them how you standardized the data , which is the controversial bit they want to look into .
Bad enough that they wo n't share , but some of the dumped documents , and this story from the Times , imply that they can't .
The now - infamous " Harry_README " file seems to chronicle the efforts of a programmer to figure out how one of the earlier data sets was assembled from the raw data .
He eventually gives up in despair , because they seem to have exercised extraordinarily poor source control .
When trillions of dollars worth of global economic growth are riding on models that are built using your data , it seems sort of elementary to keep a copy of the raw data , and a record of what you did to it .
I do n't want to sound like some naive pundit holding scientists to an impossible standard of perfection -- certainly , real world data sets all have their flaws .
But the less record we have of how a particular data set was created , the less reliable we consider that data to be .
If it is true that they cannot reproduce their own data set from scratch , then I think they have been claiming an inappropriately high degree of reliability , as have any models or analyses constructed around these figures .
That said , there are a bunch of things I do n't think .
I do n't think that this proves that AGW is all bosh -- there are other data sets that generate roughly similar results , though I believe CRU's is the most comprehensive .
I do not think that we are seeing evidence of a conspiracy to fabricate data .
I see little that has direct bearing on the various disputes over the " hockey stick " and other graphs .
Rather , I see an indirect problem , which is that these scientists allowed themselves to become politicized and hostile to outsiders in a way that may have compromised the quality of their work .
This is probably best summed up by Will Wilkinson :
The idea that the science behind predictions of potentially catastrophic warming is rock solid and that the putative scientific consensus reflects the rock solidity of the science licenses the inference that there is no scientifically respectable excuse for skepticism of or disagreement with the consensus .
That is a big stick to thump people with .
But the Climategate files strongly suggest that at least some of the science is not rock solid and that the scientific consensus is at least in part the product of silencing or marginalizing those who might upset it .
The files have made " How can we be sure that you did not fudge your data " and " How do we know that dissenting voices have been given a fair hearing ? " questions that we now must ask rather than questions skeptics can be effectively shouted down for asking .
The files show that suspicion is warranted .
That 's a big deal .
It is not surprising to see a " Move along !
Nothing to see here ! " response from alarmists , but there is certainly something to see .
Though I 'm sure some ideologues will merely amp up their armtwisting thug tactics to protect the fragile perception of consensus they had achieved ( precioussssssss ! ) , I predict that the overall response from the scientific community will be healthy and invigorating .
Climate science will become more transparent and more rigorously by - the - book because climate scientists are becoming more fully aware that the impulse to jealously protect a public perception of consensus can undermine itself by producing questionable science and a justifiably skeptical public .
There 's been substantial evidence of what Will calls " motivated cognition " from both skeptics and advocates -- for most people , this seems like some sort of a Rorschach blot that shows you whatever you already believed .
I do n't think I 've fallen into that particular trap , because this definitely is not what I believed about major climate scientists a month ago .
But obviously , I am prey to other errors , not least the fact that I am still quite dependent on information from very motivated and often angry experts on both sides .
Much of the UK was blanketed in heavy snow this morning as the extreme weather headed south and forecasters warned that the country was on course for its coldest winter in 30 years .
The Met Office issued an alert warning that nearly half a metre of snow was due to fall in some areas , while freezing conditions spread after having brought chaos to the north of England and Scotland today .
Tony Waters , the Met Office chief forecaster , said : " This is expected to cause disruption to transport networks and could lead to problems with power supplies . "
A spokesman for the prime minister said the government was doing all it could .
" The weather is taking a turn for the worse , " he said .
" The Highways Agency has kept the vast majority of major road networks running .
We are in close contact with local authorities and it is a situation we will keep a very close eye on . "
Forecasters say that the cold snap , which began in mid-December , is the longest since 1981 .
And they warned there was no end in sight .
" I would normally be loth to look beyond five to seven days , but the way the conditions are set at the moment I think the cold weather is not going to change for some time , " said Stephen Davenport , senior meteorologist at MeteoGroup .
" I will stick my neck out and say it will be here for a couple of weeks and possibly longer . "
If the freezing conditions continued for the rest of the month , he said , the UK would be on course for its coldest winter since 1979 .
The snow was expected to hit southern counties of England , with almost 40 cm predicted to fall on Salisbury Plain overnight .
Heavy snow was also expected across London and parts of Wales .
Waters said yesterday : " The heaviest snowfall this evening and tonight is expected across parts of Dorset , Wiltshire , Hampshire , Berkshire and Oxfordshire – where fresh snowfall of 15 to 20 cm is expected widely , and locally in excess of 30 cm .
This is expected to cause disruption to transport networks and could lead to problems with power supplies . "
The National Grid issued a rare warning to power suppliers to use less gas yesterday after a 30 % rise on normal seasonal demand .
It has urged power firms to switch to coal , and order more gas supplies from Belgium and Norway .
The business secretary , Lord Mandelson , told the BBC it was " a time of special pressure on the grid " but did not address claims from the Conservatives that Britain has only eight days ' worth of gas storage left .
Meanwhile stockpiles of gritting salt held by councils for roads are running thin .
Emergency deliveries were made to Fife council in Scotland , and in Wales Pembrokeshire council warned that gritting lorries were struggling to cope with the " extraordinary " conditions .
Derek Turner , network operations director at the Highways Agency , said : " We are working flat out to keep our roads safe and serviceable for use .
However , it is very important to drive appropriately for the conditions ; even when roads are treated and appear ice - and snow - free , they should still be negotiated with care . "
Workers at Winsford rock salt mine in Cheshire said they were unable to meet the unprecedented demand despite pre-winter deliveries being completed .
" The worst continuous spell of severe weather for 20 years has led to massive additional demand .
We would obviously like to be able to fulfil every authority 's needs in full , but the reality of the situation at present is that that is simply not possible , " the Winsford Salt unions said .
The mine is capable of extracting 30,000 tonnes of rock salt per week , but local councils in England are spreading that amount on the roads every day in an attempt to keep traffic flowing .
A Local Government Association spokesman insisted that councils , which are responsible for gritting many A roads as well as minor and town roads , were prepared : " As far as we are aware there are sufficient supplies of salt in the country to deal with the current cold snap .
How much grit each council holds depends on local circumstances and how much bad weather they tend to get . "
You begin by asking me :
Do you really want to be the new " war president " ?
Of course , I would prefer not to be .
I would rather not have to be dealing with winding down the Iraq war , a war I opposed from the start .
I would rather that the Bush administration have used the unprecedented seven years of control and influence it had over Afghanistan to stabilize that country and cripple Al Queda .
I would rather that it have withdrawn support from Mussharaf in Pakistan and flooded that country with humanitarian and civil - society support to help prevent the current cross - border Taliban statelets from evolving and growing more powerful , threatening to destabilize both countries .
But that 's not what actually happened .
There were actually two badly - mismanaged wars underway when I took office .
So I did n't ask to be a war president - I became president during wartime .
It 's a distinction with a difference .
Then you state that when I announce the new Afghanistan policy I have agonized over , after repeatedly rejecting my generals ' advice and resisting efforts to box me into a particular decision :
And with that you will do the worst possible thing you could do -- destroy the hopes and dreams so many millions have placed in you .
With just one speech tomorrow night you will turn a multitude of young people who were the backbone of your campaign into disillusioned cynics .
You will teach them what they 've always heard is true -- that all politicians are alike .
I will truly be disappointed if my actions destroy the hopes and dreams of a multitude of young people , or if they become cynics as a result of my policies .
But anyone who was part of my campaign , or who followed it , should have known very clearly what my intentions were when it came to Afghanistan .
I promised that I would increase troop levels , and that I would pursue Al Queda and the Taliban until they were crushed .
So we can disagree as to whether I was right to make that promise , or as to whether I am right to follow through on it .
But it was my promise , and so I 'm not inclined to hear much criticism from those who would pretend that I hid my intentions and , basically , lied about the most important and serious part of my role as President .
You go on to discuss my control of the military as a civilian :
It is not your job to do what the generals tell you to do .
We are a civilian - run government .
WE tell the Joint Chiefs what to do , not the other way around .
That 's the way General Washington insisted it must be .
That 's what President Truman told General MacArthur when MacArthur wanted to invade China .
" You 're fired ! , " said Truman , and that was that .
And you should have fired Gen. McChrystal when he went to the press to preempt you , telling the press what YOU had to do .
You are definitely right that we are a civilian - run government , and that unelected military officers must be made and kept subordinate to elected officials .
It is the bedrock of our system .
And in deciding on my Afghanistan policy , I have had to exercise my power to check military commanders ' decision - making and strategy - building over and over again .
Perhaps you forget that even after months of discussions , when the military came to me with four possible options , I rejected them all and demanded new and better - refined plans , ones that I felt offered the possibility for success and provided for an exit - strategy regardless of whether success could be accomplished .
As for General McChrystal , I could have fired him , if I thought it were necessary .
Unlike MacArthur , though , Gen. McChrystal was not actually threatening or questioning my power to direct the military , and was not making the kind of public borderline - lunatic demands , such as the deployment of nuclear weapons against China , that you mention .
Moreover , there is a reason I 've kept Gen. McChrystal on , one you do n't discuss and which I do not know if you are aware .
He was brought in to revamp Afganistan strategy in an effort to deal with the obvious failure of the Predator - drone - strike , opium - field - destruction policy that you denounce so vigorously .
Since the implementation of his new counter - insurgency strategy , which is based on those few such strategies as have been historically successful , the deaths of innocent civilians to drone and artillery strikes have fallen dramatically .
Instead of attempting to eradicate poppy fields or convert them to less - lucrative crops , we have shifted focus to interdicting drug lords ' shipment routes and storage facilities , which gives us a level of flexible leverage with warlords on the ground .
In short , McChrystal is the man with my plan , my tactics , and I 'm not cutting him loose just because he sometimes speaks his mind too freely as to how that plan should be implemented .
You mention the historical problem of occupying Afganistan :
There 's a reason they do n't call Afghanistan the " Garden State " ( though they probably should , seeing how the corrupt President Karzai , whom we back , has his brother in the heroin trade raising poppies ) .
Afghanistan 's nickname is the " Graveyard of Empires . "
If you do n't believe it , give the British a call .
I 'd have you call Genghis Khan but I lost his number .
I do have Gorbachev 's number though .
It 's + 41 22 789 1662 .
I 'm sure he could give you an earful about the historic blunder you 're about to commit .
Ah , President Karzai .
It 's hard to disagree with you there .
I 'm trying to achieve some kind of countervailing power structure through other warlords and tribal chieftans , but I 'll admit its not a hopeful situation .
If we 're going to fail , he may be the biggest reason why .
I 'll have to accept responsibility for it if it happens .
If .
But your examples do not turn if into when .
The British and the Soviets both wanted to conquer and hold Afghanistan as puppet states .
I have no such ambitions .
I want Aghanistan to be harmless , and if possible stable .
But I will gladly settle for harmless .
Then you indulge in hyperbole :
With our economic collapse still in full swing and our precious young men and women being sacrificed on the altar of arrogance and greed , the breakdown of this great civilization we call America will head , full throttle , into oblivion if you become the " war president . "
Empires never think the end is near , until the end is here .
Empires think that more evil will force the heathens to toe the line -- and yet it never works .
The heathens usually tear them to shreds .
Well the economy 's not great , that 's for sure .
But you better be careful with that " sacrificed on the altar of arrogance and greed " stuff .
It 's me making the decisions to sacrifice here .
And if you want to say I 'm arrogant , well fine , I 'm not going to argue for my own humility .
But you really think I 'm doing this out of greed , or to serve the greed of others ?
You must think you are a really bad judge of character if you think I could make that U - turn within a year .
Is America a tottering empire on the brink of collapse , Roman style , about to be occupied by virtual Visigoths and Vandals ?
Am I hoping to crush heathens with evil , before they tear our country to shreds ?
If you believe these things , then there 's little I could do to make a difference .
But these kinds of things have been said before , and I 'm sure they 'll be said in the future , and as the President of our flawed democracy , I can only hope they 're wrong .
In the meantime I 'll go on trying to keep from hitting the rocks , while the doomsayers wring their hands and proclaim that the ship is already wrecked .
From hyperbole to , I 'm afraid , ignorance :
I know you know that there are LESS than a hundred al - Qaeda left in Afghanistan !
A hundred thousand troops trying to crush a hundred guys living in caves ?
Are you serious ?
Have you drunk Bush 's Kool - Aid ?
I refuse to believe it .
You know that I know ?
How do you know - have you been sitting in the back of the situation room without me noticing somehow ?
And lets say you 're right , that there are less than a " hundred guys living in caves " who actually have Al - Queda membership cards .
First , those hundred guys are the richest , most powerful extremests in the Muslim world , caves or not .
They blew up a Navy Destroyer from those caves .
Not to mention some other things .
Second , they have friends , you know .
Friends called the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban .
There 's a few tens of thousands of them .
In counter - insurgency terms , you 're supposed to have a 10 - 1 ratio of troops to insurgents .
Between us and the Pakistani military , we 're actually spreading it really thin .
But you 're not responsible for civilian control over the military , you 're just responsible for implying that I 'm not exercising it .
So I do n't really expect you to understand , or to restrain yourself from comparing me to President Bush .
But this may be the most troubling part of your letter :
Your potential decision to expand the war ( while saying that you 're doing it so you can " end the war " ) will do more to set your legacy in stone than any of the great things you 've said and done in your first year .
One more throwing a bone from you to the Republicans and the coalition of the hopeful and the hopeless may be gone -- and this nation will be back in the hands of the haters quicker than you can shout " tea bag ! "
Choose carefully , Mr. President .
Your corporate backers are going to abandon you as soon as it is clear you are a one - term president and that the nation will be safely back in the hands of the usual idiots who do their bidding .
That could be Wednesday morning .
We the people still love you .
We the people still have a sliver of hope .
But we the people can't take it anymore .
We can't take your caving in , over and over , when we elected you by a big , wide margin of millions to get in there and get the job done .
What part of " landslide victory " do n't you understand ?
Do n't be deceived into thinking that sending a few more troops into Afghanistan will make a difference , or earn you the respect of the haters .
They will not stop until this country is torn asunder and every last dollar is extracted from the poor and soon - to - be poor .
You could send a million troops over there and the crazy Right still would n't be happy .
You would still be the victim of their incessant venom on hate radio and television because no matter what you do , you can't change the one thing about yourself that sends them over the edge .
The haters were not the ones who elected you , and they can't be won over by abandoning the rest of us .
Really .
You think I am committing these brave men and women to combat to " throw a bone " to Republicans ?
You think I include in my calculations in risking their lives the effects on " corporate backers " ?
You think I 'm doing this to " win the respect " of haters ?
I do n't know what to say .
I know what I want to say .
But this is a public letter , and so I 'll leave it to your imagination .
Finally :
Tomorrow , we shall see .
The ball is in your court .
You DON 'T have to do this .
You can be a profile in courage .
You can be your mother 's son .
I do n't have to do anything .
I will do what I think is right .
Whether you or anyone else thinks it is courageous , I will do my best , and that will have to be enough , because it is , in the end , my job , and I will bear the burden of being right or wrong in making these decisions , which will end in pain and bloodshed no matter what I do .
And finally , Mr. Moore , I will always be my mother 's son .
Sincerely ,
Barack Obama
The world 's largest picture of the Milky Way was unveiled today in Chicago , taken by NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope , measuring a whopping 120 feet across .
The panorama represents the combined effort of two Spitzer survey teams , who used two of the telescope 's onboard instruments , the Infrared Array Camera ( IRAC ) and the Multiband Imaging Photometer .
The large image was made from stitching together 800,000 individual pictures taken by Spitzer , for a total of 2.5 billion infrared pixels .
It covers an area of the sky about as wide as a pointer finger and as long as the length of arms outstretched , which might sound small , but covers about half of the entire galaxy , says Robert Hurt , of the Spitzer Science Center at Caltech .
Advertisement
Just another friendly reminder that our entire lives are insignificant and that none of us will ever know one iota of the true mysteries of the universe that we live in .
Happy Friday !
[ Space.com via The Daily What ]
But should a moment for self - reflection arise , campaigners against climate change could do worse than take a look at the work of Stephen McIntyre , who has emerged as one of the climate change gang 's Most Dangerous Apostates .
The reason for this distinction ?
He checked the facts .
The retired Canadian businessman , whose self - described " auditing " a few years ago prompted a Congressional review of climate science , has once again thrown EnviroLand into a tailspin .
In September , he revealed that a famous graph using tree rings to show unprecedented 20th century warming relies on thin data .
Since its publication in 2000 , University of East Anglia professor Keith Briffa 's much - celebrated image has made star appearances everywhere from U.N. policy papers to activists ' posters .
Like other so - called " hockey stick " temperature graphs , it 's an easy sell — one look and it seems Gadzooks !
We 're burning ourselves up !
" It was the belle of the ball , " Mr. McIntyre told me on a recent phone call from Ontario .
" Its dance card was full . "
ARLINGTON , Texas --
The Dallas Cowboys had a new holder this week .
They could have a new kicker next week .
" We will look at all our options , " coach Wade Phillips said .
Have you enjoyed Janessa Brazil 's Nude Picture ?
See more teen sex galleries
informer .
The opinions expressed on this blog represent my own and not those of my employer or any organization I may be affiliated with .
In addition , my thoughts and opinions change from time to time .
I consider this a necessary consequence of having an open mind .
This blog is intended to provide a semi- permanent point in time snapshot and manifestation of the various ideas running around my brain , and as such any thoughts and opinions expressed within out - of - date posts may not the same , nor even similar , to those I may hold today .
30 years ago today , on December 7th 1979 Star Trek leapt from the small to the big screen with Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
All week long TrekMovie will be celebrating the anniversary , beginning today with a tribute by Free Enterprise producer Mark Altman , that looks at the film and its place in history .
TO HAVE BOLDLY GONE : AN APPRECIATION
The Beginning of 30 Years of Star Trek Movies
by Mark A. Altman
I come to praise Star Trek : The Motion Picture , not to bury it .
Despite no less than Harlan Ellison decrying the film at the time as “ The Motionless Picture , ” Despite its reputation in some quarters as a lugubrious bore , it ’s hard to imagine that Star Trek could have possibly lived long and prospered for another three decades had The Motion Picture not paved the way for what was to come ( so , yes , you can blame it for Voyager and Enterprise too ) .
For those who ’ve only seen the film on home video or were too young to experience the movie for the first time in theaters , it ’s hard to appreciate the monumental important this film had on fans upon its release .
Back in 1979 , TV series simply did n’t make the jump to the big screen so for a series , once left for dead that was kept alive by likeminded individuals coming together in convention ballrooms and pouring over faded 16 mm prints of the original episodes , hardly seemed like the architects of the greatest resurrection since Lazarus .
But somehow Paramount got the message and after several false starts which included a low - budget film and subsequently a new TV series , the studio ended up bankrolling what would become at the time the second most expensive film of all - time next to Cleopatra , the epic film that nearly bankrupted 20th Century Fox .
Now admittedly , not all that money showed up on the screen .
There was $ 10 million worth of effects from Robert Abel &
Company that were literally thrown away ( and I could joke showed up in Star Trek V , but that ’s not true , of course ) as well as the development costs for the aborted series that was to spearhead the launch of a fourth TV network in the late 70s .
1978 newspaper report announcing TMP
That said , there was nothing about Star Trek : The Motion Picture that seemed small .
A major feature film director at the helm , responsible for some of the most beloved films of all - time , Robert Wise , elaborate visual effects from the teams behind Star Wars , Close Encounters and 2001 and a stirring Jerry Goldsmith score , which to the best of my knowledge , may have been the last film to ever feature an Overture after the curtain opened , a staple of motion picture epics in the 50s , 60s and 70s .
Beats the hell out of commercials for Fandango , that ’s for sure .
But for me , it ’s also about nostalgia .
I had been counting the days , literally , till the films opening and rushed to the theater immediately after elementary school with a few of my best friends .
In a true story that was literally immortalized in my film , Free Enterprise , I was not allowed to go into the theater , despite the fact that the film was rated G. Apparently the Georgetown Movie Theater in Brooklyn was having problems with noisy kids and would n’t let any children in under 17 after 4 PM .
As if .
I quickly recruited my mother , forcing her to take us to see the film , something she ’s never forgiven me for to this day .
Now , in the cold light of day , it ’s easy to see why people do n’t love Star Trek : The Motion Picture , it ’s a virtual remake of the episode “ The Changeling ” with the NOMAD probe that confuses Kirk as its creator , and has a glacial pace that today ’s movie viewers are not accustomed to , especially watching it on television , and in the aftermath of The Wrath of Khan .
But the fact is , in many ways , ST : TMP is a magnificent film .
Spock faces his own humanity in a much more organic and real way than in a more recent Star Trek movie , Kirk has to come to terms with losing his ship and doing anything to reclaim his first best destiny and McCoy is just a hoot throughout .
The redesign of all the ships , not just the Enterprise , have never been topped and the visual effects are quite simply awe - inspiring ( take that , CGI ) .
Although greenlit in the aftermath of Star Wars , ST : TMP owes far more of a thematic debt to 2001 : A Space Odyssey and its sense of awe of the cosmos than Star Wars .
And maybe that ’s the key analogy .
If you look at this year ’s enjoyable re-invention and relaunch of the franchise , it ’s a fast - paced , popcorn movie which bears the imprimatur of Star Wars far more than the Star Trek TV series , which makes sense , of course , if you ’re trying to engage a new and younger audience for the franchise .
TMP , more 2001 than Star Wars
ST : TMP on the other hand , the last film in which Gene Roddenberry was allowed to be actively involved , has other things on its mind ; combining its brand of pop humanism with the awe , majesty and danger of the unknown .
But for the kid sitting in the theater in 1979 , none of that mattered .
Much like 1978s Superman , which is completely entrancing until after the helicopter rescue and then sort of falls off a cliff , ST : TMP is a rapturous tribute to Trekdom through Mr. Spock ’s arrival … and then sort of falls of a cliff too .
It ’s easy to lose sight of what it was like the in the wake of the subsequent films and TV series , but seeing Starfleet Academy and Earth for the first time in the 23rd century was a giddy experience .
The magnificent opening in which three Klingon ships are consumed by V’ger to the strains of Goldsmith ’s brilliant Klingon Battle
Theme stuck with you for weeks and , of course , the long , slow , lingering orgasmic glee on Kirk ’s face as he , and the audience , admired the Enterprise in drydock for what seemed like forever .
What seems interminable today on home video for was at the time the encapsulation of everything we felt about Star Trek and the amazement we had at seeing it back on the big screen and Andy Probert and Mike Minor ’s redesign of the ship has never come close to being equaled .
And in case of supreme irony , ST : TMP actually has the same ending as a James Bond movie .
WTF ?
The same time , Moonraker , was released in which Roger Moore ’s 007 goes into space and has destroy earth - imperiling globes that are going to annihilate all life on Earth , much like V’ger’s .
Who woulda thunk it ?
( And if Trek was too heady for you at the time , you could ease on down the road to a nearby theater where The Black Hole was unspooling and watch Disney ’s attempt to do Star Wars by sending Maximilian Schell to hell through a black hole .
Or at least that ’s what it appeared to be .
I was too upset over the death of Slim
Pickens ’ Old Bob to care at that point .
And , yes , I ’m kidding … sorta ) .
Robert Wise , Gene Roddenberry , William Shatner , DeForest Kelley and Leonard Nimoy on the set
A few years back , a group of intrepid filmmakers worked with the late Robert Wise to try and salvage the film by doing a definitive director ’s cut .
It ’s a wonderful curiosity and adeptly realized with some superb new visual effects .
However , they were n’t able to physically go in and re-edit much of the film which is ultimately ST : TMP failing .
Much like Godfather III , years later , Paramount had to make a release date , in this case , the ill - advised December 7th , 1979 opening .
As a result , the film was literally edited with black slugs where the special effects would go , Jerry Goldsmith was literally sleeping on a cot on the music scoring stage and there was no time to test screen the film , let alone fine tune it .
As a result , the pacing is completely off .
Scenes which should have remained in the film were excised ( some ham - handedly restored in the ABC TV airing a few years later ) and , most notably , the endless flybys of V ’ger remained in as the final visuals were dropped into the negative as the earlier reels were being printed for its massive , wide release .
This is not the way to make a movie .
Now I would n’t go as far as saying Star Trek : The Motion Picture is a flawed masterpiece , it ’s not , but it is the one film in the entire series , other than Star Trek ( 2009 ) , that has a real cinematic scope to it and does n’t feel like TV writ large .
Even Khan , arguably the best of the series , was produced on a TV budget and , at times , looks that way through no fault of Nick Meyer .
Fortunately , it ’s crisp writing and clever plotting makes up for its deficiencies , of which there are many .
And with its awesome cosmic vistas , cargo bays , massive engineering section ( thankfully , not filmed at or near a brewery ) , galaxy spanning action , walking down the primary hull to the center of V’ger , the sumptuous Spock spacewalk , and expansive rec deck sequence , ST : TMP has an enormity of scale that befits its rather pretentious title , The Motion Picture .
At the time , many of the film ’s performances were savaged by critics , but Shatner , Nimoy and , particularly De Kelley all deliver nuanced versions of their familiar iconic TV characters .
Shatner ’s
Kirk is pissed off and pissy over where his career has landed him , Nimoy ’s Spock is seeking answers which he actually finds in the film and De Kelley ’s McCoy provides the unbridled id that has made this character the ever - reliable glue of the entire series .
Star Trek : The Motion Picture may not be Star Trek ’s crowning moment , but without it , and its indisputable financial , if not critical success , it ’s hard to argue that the future of Trek would have played out very differently without it and for that , fans and detractors , of the film can all be grateful .
It was n’t until this year ’s Star Trek relaunch that Paramount ever risked the kind of serious coin they did on Star Trek : The Motion Picture on the Trek franchise , but more importantly , it paved the way for the many TV to movie transitions that were to come .
So for Charlie ’s Angels , McHale ’s Navy and The Flintstones among others , you can blame ST : TMP for that too .
" Star Trek : The Motion Picture " began Trek ’s human adventure on film
Mark A. Altman is a writer / producer in Hollywood whose films include the homage to Star Trek , Free Enterprise , as well as many other film and TV series including DOA : Dead Or Alive , Castle and the upcoming remake of My Tutor .
His new comic book , The Unknowns , is on sale now at comic book stores everywhere .
www.theunknowns.com.
Every week , the CW sends reporters an OMG " clip of the week . "
And most weeks , TVMoJoe smiles politely and moves on to the next e-mail .
But today , the Dub ( as Variety calls it ) sent out an OMG clip of the year .
We figured it would be some salacious scene from " Gossip Girl . "
Or perhaps Tyra Banks dressing down a contestant on " Top Model . "
Nope :
It ’s much better than that .
So. Much .
Better .
As in OM * F *G better .
Check out this scene from " One Tree Hill " featuring a human heart , a hungry dog … and one very disappointed patient .
I ’m adding " One Tree " to my DVR stat .
Tuomari Yvonne Murphyn johdolla tehty tutkimus osoitti , että useat papit olivat vuosien ajan käyttäneet lapsia seksuaalisesti hyväksi .
Yksi pappi tunnusti yli 100 hyväksikäyttötapausta , toinen myönsi raiskanneensa sekä poikia että tyttöjä yli 25 vuoden ajan .
Tutkimus osoitti , että pappien esimiehet tiesivät rikoksista , mutta suojelivat heitä .
Peittelyyn osallistuivat myös irlannin katolisen kirkon korkeimmat hengelliset johtajat .
Tutkimuksen tuloksena yksi peittelystä syytetty , Limerickin piispa Donal Murray on Irlannin yleisradioyhtiön RTE :n tietojen mukaan matkalla Vatikaaniin jättämään eroanomustaan .
- Paavi ei ole vielä ottanut millään tavalla kantaa näihin vastenmielisiin paljastuksiin , ulkoministeri Martin valitti .
Hänen mielestään kannan ottaminen kuuluu nimenomaan kirkolle , ei valtiolle .
Ulkoministeri Martin aikoo ottaa asian esille paavin Dublinissa toimivan edustajan kanssa .
Hänen ja paavin nuntion Giuseppe Leanzan tapaamisen ajankohtaa ei ole toistaiseksi sovittu .
Martin korosti , että Irlannin hallitus odottaa Vatikaanilta selkeää kannanottoa ja yhteistyötä .
Martinin julkitulon jälkeen Vatikaani ilmoitti paavi Benedictus XVI tapaavan Irlannin katolisen kirkon johdon perjantaina keskustellakseen näiden kanssa hyväksikäyttöä koskevasta tutkimuksesta .
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset / Jarmo Mäkelä
New research shows that the outermost layer of the atmosphere will lose 3 percent of its density over the coming decade , a sign of the far - reaching impacts of greenhouse gas emissions .
As the density declines , orbiting satellites experience less drag .
SAN FRANCISCO —
When the sun is relatively inactive as it has been in recent years , the outermost layer of Earth 's atmosphere cools dramatically , new observations find .
The results could help scientists better understand the swelling and shrinking of our planet 's atmosphere , a phenomenon that affects the orbits of satellites and space junk .
The data , from NASA 's TIMED mission , show that Earth 's thermosphere ( the layer above 62 miles or 100 km above the Earth 's surface ) " responds quite dramatically to the effects of the 11 - year solar cycle , " Stan Solomon of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo. , said here this week at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
Knowing just how the energy flowing out from the sun naturally impacts the state of the thermosphere also will help scientists test predictions that man 's emissions of carbon dioxide should cool this layer .
( While that may seem to contradict the idea of global warming , it has long been known that carbon dioxide causes warming in the lowest part of the atmosphere and cooling in the upper layers of the atmosphere . )
Understanding the thermosphere
Earth 's thermosphere is one of the least explored parts of the atmosphere , but it is important because " the thermosphere is where the sun first interacts with our atmosphere , " said James Russell III of Hampton University in Hampton , Va .
NASA launched the Thermosphere - Ionosphere - Mesophere Energetics and Dynamics ( TIMED ) mission in 2001 to get a better picture of this outer layer .
The energy that comes into it from the sun is absorbed by air molecules and reradiated to space during the normal ups and downs in solar energy that occur over a roughly 11 - year time span .
The sun has been in a particularly prolonged and deep solar minimum for the last couple of years , with fewer sunspots and solar storms erupting on its surface .
When the sun is in this state , it also sends less energy out in the soft X -ray and extreme ultraviolet parts of its spectrum .
These wavelengths of light have a significant impact on the thermosphere , where air molecules absorb their energy and the reradiate it in the form of infrared energy .
The TIMED mission measured both the amount of incoming solar energy in the thermosphere and the amount of energy being sent back out into space from the layer and found a significant decrease in both .
" The sun is in a very unusual period , " said Marty Mlynczak , a TIMED team member at NASA Langley in Virginia .
" The Earth 's thermosphere is responding remarkably — up to an order of magnitude decrease in infrared emission / radiative cooling by some molecules . "
Less radiation in both directions means that this layer of the atmosphere also cools substantially .
In fact , the thermosphere has cooled by a factor of 10 since the last solar maximum in early 2002 .
" I certainly did n't expect to see this eight years ago , " Mlynczak said .
The exact temperature of the thermosphere can vary substantially , but the average temperature above 180 miles ( 300 km ) is about 800 degrees Fahrenheit ( 427 degrees Celsius ) at solar minimum and 1,700 degrees Fahrenheit ( 927 degrees Celsius ) at solar maximum .
( Though these temperatures sound hot , you would not actually feel warm in the thermosphere , because the molecules in that layer are too far apart . )
The temperature at this extreme solar minimum is likely a few degrees colder than in an average minimum , but that small change can cause a large change in the density of the layer .
What a drag
This same cooling effect is expected to happen ( somewhat counterintuitively ) as carbon dioxide concentrations increase from emissions at Earth 's surface .
So understanding the natural variability of this layer is important to detecting any changes from carbon dioxide increases .
The cooling effect also has an effect on the orbits of satellites , because it changes the density of the atmosphere layer .
For example , if the layer heats up , it expands like a marshmallow in a microwave , as several scientists described it , and lower , denser parts of the atmosphere rise to higher altitudes .
Essentially , as the upper atmosphere expands , the lower atmosphere also expands to fill the space .
When the thermosphere cools , the opposite happens and the layers deflate and sink to lower altitudes .
The changing density means that satellites end up with either more or less drag on them , which can change the shape of their orbits .
In the case of something like the Hubble Space Telescope , this can have implications on the orbiter 's lifetime , Solomon told LiveScience .
Less drag during a cooler period means the satellite might live longer , he said .
The cooling also could have implications for the buildup of so - called " space junk " — old satellites and pieces of satellites that have begun to litter the upper atmosphere and can pose a threat to other orbiting spacecraft , such as the International Space Station .
Less drag means this junk gets speedier and could pose more of a threat .
More work is needed to fully understand the links between the sun 's energy , rising greenhouse gas emissions and the Earth 's outer atmosphere , the scientists said .
" It 's definitely an interesting time , " Justin Smith , whose Inside Facebook website has tracked the network 's ups and downs for nearly four years , told The Guardian .
" While 2009 was a year in which Facebook saw really incredible growth ... we 'll see how they manage that growth . "
Emily Yanich - Fithian was befriended on Facebook by Mia Fleming on Dec. 1 .
Yanich - Fithian , 35 , a Lewisberry mom who recently started driving school buses for the West Shore School District , wrote a quick note back : " I ’m sorry , I do n’t know who you are , " she told Mia Fleming .
" And then I just went about my day , " she said .
Later , she was shopping at the Target on Carlisle Pike with her two children — Braydon , 8 ; Victoria , 4 — when she got a call from a friend , Chris Astle .
" Are you sitting down ? "
Astle asked her .
Yanich - Fithian thought Astle , who is also 35 , was about to tell her that he and his wife were expecting a baby .
Instead , the news was about another baby : the one she and Astle had found on the doorstep of a Vienna , Va. , townhouse 20 years ago , the one they ’d called each other about every Sept.
6 .
What 's followed since that has been a blur : happy tears , network television interviews , a front page story in The Washington Post , and well - wishes from all over the country and from friends who 've seen the story .
The baby from the doorstep is now Mia Fleming , 20 , an art student at the Ringling College of Art & Design in Sarasota , Fla .
Her adoptive family lives in northern Virginia and this month , all families — Astle ’s , Yanich - Fithian ’s and Fleming ’s — will finally meet .
" I ca n’t wait to hug her , " Yanich - Fithian said .
" I was so tongue - tied .
I told her that a piece of my heart is not filled , " she said .
Coming full circle
Yanich - Fithian and Astle , of South Riding , Va. , were 15 - year - olds who took a walk to a 7 - Eleven to buy cigarettes one fall day in 1989 , and came across a newborn wrapped in towels on the front doorstep of a townhouse .
Authorities would later tell them that the baby girl was born just 12 hours earlier .
Her umbilical cord was still attached .
The teens brought the baby inside to Yanich - Fithian ’s stepfather , Bill DeLancey .
" When they came up the driveway , I thought they had puppies or kittens , " DeLancey said .
Within about 20 minutes , an ambulance arrived .
“ They swooped in and swooped out in seconds , ” DeLancey said .
“ They were doing their jobs , but it was very impersonal . ”
But it was n’t the last Astle and Yanich - Fithian would see of Mia .
They tried sneaking into the hospital to visit her days later .
Then , a few weeks later , a cousin of Yanich - Fithian ’s working at a grocery store in northern Virginia told her she ’d been chatting with customers with a cute child .
The customer turned out to be Mia ’s foster parents .
Somehow , they made the connection that the baby was the one Yanich - Fithian and Astle had found .
The foster parents had named the baby Emily .
Not long after that , Yanich - Fithian and Astle received a baby photo in the mail from the baby ’s adoptive parents , who renamed her Mia Fleming .
After that , there ’d been other attempts , Yanich - Fithian said .
Though she and her family moved to Pennsylvania , Chris Astle has remained in northern Virginia .
Over the years , he ’d tried contacting the Department of Welfare to reach Mia .
Two or three years ago , Yanich - Fithian said , they even reached out to Oprah Winfrey , hoping she could help .
Mia Fleming tried contacting Yanich - Fithian and Astle before , without much luck .
She found out about the incident by accident at age 9 .
According to The Washington Post , she used social networking sites in search of a Chris Astle .
But it was n’t until she ’d found an Emily Yanich - Fithian on Facebook that Mia knew she had the right match .
Until recently , there ’d always been curiosity , a feeling of emptiness and a sort of anger , Yanich - Fithian said .
“ I was angry for a long time that someone would leave their child like that , ” she said .
“ I ’m so happy she ’s happy , and I want her to stay in our lives . ”
She said she expects the upcoming meeting of the three families , near Fleming ’s adoptive parents ’ home in northern Virginia , will bring closure to that anger .
Her stepfather , husband and children will be with her on the journey .
She told 8 - year - old Braydon the story .
" He said , ' Mia can have some of our family , too ' . "
We ’ve elected to use the term “ fringe religions ” because at times the line between a sect , a cult , and an established religion can be surprisingly blurry .
In some way , they are weird religions .
There are as many systems of belief as there are people in the world , but let ’s face it : some are stranger than others .
Here are 10 of the most bizarre and obscure spiritual movements in modern history .
1. Happy Science
Happy Science was founded in 1986 by the Japanese spiritual leader Ryuho Okawa .
While it ’s foundations are in Buddhism ( especially ideas about reflection and the Eight - Fold Path ) , Okawa ’s predictions about the future set them apart from the mainstream .
He predicts , for instance , that the angel Gabriel will be reincarnated in Bangkok in 2050 , and approximately 50 years after that the United States will sink because it angers the gods ( though if enough people convert , this can be avoided ) .
Other figures will also be reincarnated , such as Martin Luther , Nichiren , and Jesus .
Between the years 2400 and 2500 , he also prophesies that extraterrestrials will visit the Earth , though they will have a different concept of property than humanity and as such conflicts will arise .
Link
2. The Oneida Community
John Humphrey Noyes founded the Oneida Community in 1848 in Oneida , New York .
They were a Utopian commune that believed that Jesus had returned to the Earth in the year 70 and , as such , they could achieve spiritual perfection in this life in addition to Heaven .
They practiced “ Complex Marriage ” , a system in which all members of the community were married to each other simultaneously .
One could achieve higher spiritual merit by having sexual intercourse with older , wiser ( and thus more spiritually attuned ) members of the community .
Link
3. Raëlism
Raëlians believe that humanity has at various points in history been visited by extraterrestrials .
The people of ancient and modern times confused the aliens ’ technology and power as “ divine ” and thus based spiritual movements on these experiences , forming religions throughout history .
Raëliasm , then , rejects the idea of supernatural beings , instead claiming that these aliens simply had far greater technology than humans .
Raël founded “ Clonaid ” in 1997 , a venture to clone a human child , and its bishop ( Brigitte Boisseleir ) claimed to have successfully cloned a child in 2002 and again in 2003 , attracting international media attention .
Link
4. Pana Wave
Pana
Wave was founded in 1977 by Yuko Chino and is based in Shibuya , Tokyo .
In the mid 1980s , members warned citizens of the evils of electromagnetic waves and built a laboratory in Fukui Prefecture to protect themselves .
By the 90s , they were wearing all white in an attempt to protect themselves from dangerous “ scalar electromagnetic waves ” , which they argued were being used as a weapon by communists .
They arguably reached the height of their notoriety in 1994 , when they formed a fleet of white vans that scoured Japan for a place free of electromagnetic radiation , covering areas in white cloth wherever they traveled .
Link
5. International Peace Mission Movement
At the center of the International Peace Mission Movement ( founded around 1907 ) was a larger - than - life man called Father Divine , who rather controversially claimed to be God .
His followers were predominately African - American , and though his sermons were often rather mainstream in nature , he frequently focused on civil rights and economic independence .
Still , his public life was marred by constant scandals and his perpetual insistence on being a deity .
Link
6. Church of Euthanasia
The slogan of Chris Korda ’s controversial religious movement is “ Save the Planet – Kill Yourself ” , and its platform includes four basic facets : suicide , abortion , cannibalism , and sodomy .
Each of these four things serve to reduce the human population .
Korda and his followers claim that all phenomena harmful to the Earth and its various species are a direct result of human action and , as such , to restore balance humanity must be eliminated .
Link
7. Church of All Worlds
The Church of All Worlds is a Neo-Pagan movement based largely on a fictional religion featured in Robert Heinlein ’s Stranger in a Strange Land .
They espouse pantheism , the belief that everything is a part of an all - encompassing God .
They recognize deities of various traditions , such as Gaea ( The Earth Mother - Goddess ) , Father God , as well as the realm of Faeries .
In short , their only real dogma is a lack of exclusive dogma – that there are no specific beliefs , and the only sin is hypocrisy .
Link
8. Chen Tao
Chen Tao originated in Taiwan and was a mix of Buddhism , Christianity , and UFOlogy .
They are most known for a highly publicized failed prophecy in which leader Hon-ming Chen claimed that at 12:01 AM on March 31 , 1998 God would be seen on a single television channel across North America .
The event did not occur .
Chen offered to be crucified or stoned in response to this , but his followers declined .
Link
9 . Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth
Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth ( TOPY ) has been an influential presence in the underground “ Chaos magic ” scene since its inception in 1981 .
They focus on developing magical concepts devoid of mysticism or worship of Gods , instead focusing on the magical and psychic aspects of the human brain associated with “ guiltless sex ” .
Link
10 . Prince Philip Movement
The Prince Philip Movement is a “ cargo cult ” , a kind of cult usually found in tribal cultures oriented towards gaining the material possessions of more economically advanced societies through magical or spiritual means .
Adherents believe that the material goods of industrialized natures were created spiritually by deities or ancestors , and that foreigners have unfairly seized it .
In this case , the Yaohnanen tribe of Vanuatu believes that Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , is the divine son of a mountain spirit .
Link
There seems to be no limit to the things people believe , and some fringe religions eventually grow more mainstream with time ( see : Scientology ) .
Humanity is wonderfully diverse , and our potential for creating the weird and bizarre extends even into the real of spiritual belief .
Written by Christopher Moyer – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Angel Yau : World ’s Dumbest Partier ( or more like The World ’s Dumbest Show )
Posted by Pete Berg on Thursday , January 21st , 2010 at 11:35 am
A few years ago , my friends Angel Yau and Jon Katz went out to the famous Dimples karaoke bar in Burbank and decided to do some “ drunk ” karaoke .
They went up on stage and sang the ABCs , and Angel pretended to be absolutely sloshed to the point that she “ forgot ” the words .
But neither of them actually was drunk at all ( Jon says “ i was with [ Angel ] the entire night , we had one drink each … i believe it was after a pendleton center event ” , referring to our Ithaca College program that set up the karaoke night ) .
It was just a comedy routine , and a kinda poor acting performance at that , because Angel clearly is quite alert and not drunk at all .
( And no matter how drunk you are , nobody would ever recite the alphabet in completely random order . )
Anyway , Jon posted the video on YouTube and called it “ Drunk Girl Forgets the ABCs . ”
Then last year , some moron producer at TruTV found it and decided it would be just perfect for their “ World ’s Dumbest Partiers ” clip show .
Except , somehow , none of the producers ( several rounds of them ) realized that this video was completely fake .
Oh , and the best part is , the show brought on their panel of “ comedians ” to poke fun at the clip , and they did n’t manage to make a single funny comment .
Jon says “ its funny because the exact things angel and i were making fun of while doing that routine are exactly the things pointed out by these people . ”
Agreed !
Congrats , Jon and Angel , for not only pranking Dimples , but also the entire crew of this retarded TV series !
And here is the original , uncut performance :
LEXINGTON , Mo. - Authorities yesterday were searching a rural property in western Missouri for bodies and buried glass jars containing notes written more than 15 years ago by children who may have documented sexual abuse by five members of their own family .
Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh pleaded for the public ’s help , saying investigators “ believe that there are other victims out there , and we believe people in the public can give us more information . ’’
Alumbaugh said authorities believe there may be bodies buried on the property outside Bates City , which is about 30 miles east of Kansas City .
He refused to say to whom any of the bodies would have belonged .
The property and a nearby home is owned by a man unrelated to the case who is cooperating with authorities .
A small excavator could be seen moving across the property yesterday .
Two ambulances were parked nearby , and crews were searching a creek with metal detectors .
“ There has been an indication that there are body or bodies in numerous locations , ’’ Alumbaugh said .
The five men were arrested Tuesday and are charged with several felonies , including forcible sodomy , rape with a child younger than 12 , and use of a child in a sexual performance .
The allegations , which include bestiality and forcing an 11 - year - old to have an abortion , date from 1988 to 1995 .
All five were being held in the Lafayette County jail on cash bonds ranging from $ 30,000 to $ 75,000 .
It was not immediately clear if they had attorneys .
Three of the five men are lay ministers in the Community of Christ church whose licenses have been suspended , church spokeswoman Linda L. Booth said .
Corporal Bill Lowe of the Missouri State Highway Patrol said one of the alleged victims , now 26 , came forward to investigators in mid-August with the abuse allegations .
A probable cause statement released by the Lafayette County prosecutor ’s office says other relatives of the woman have come forward accusing all five men of abuse , but it ’s unclear whether all the relatives were claiming to be abused .
Lowe said the woman told investigators that she and the other alleged victims buried glass jars around the property , filled with messages “ about what was happening to them ’’ when they were younger .
“ Those jars have that information , ’’ Lowe said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
OCUPADO .
Manlio Fabio Beltrones dialoga durante la sesión ordinaria de la 61 Legislatura .
( Foto : Miguel Espinosa / EL UNIVERSAL )
Junto con ex funcionarios del Cisen , Yosef Sheva Porat , se dedicó a intervenir comunicaciones de políticos que llamaron a través de aparatos de todas las compañías telefónicas , según la Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR )
One of the large mental health hospitals in Israel was recently surprised to receive a young , good - looking patient in a psychotic state who was accompanied by a personal security guard , Yedioth Ahronoth reported on Sunday .
The doctors , who asked why the woman was accompanied by a guard , were shocked to learn that she was a Mossad agent and that the security guard was not assigned to her in order assure her safety or protect her life , but to ensure that she not reveal any state secrets in her shaky mental state .
The Mossad guard 's orders were clear : " It is forbidden that the organization 's secrets be passed on to those unauthorized to hear them . "
The doctors , who are unaccustomed to the presence of a third party during their treatment sessions , were left with no choice but to acquiesce to their demands .
In addition , the staff had to receive a security clearance before being allowed to work on her exceptional case .
To their complete amazement , another young woman , also accompanied by a secret agent charged with ensuring that the she not leak any state secrets , arrived at the institution just a short time later .
The doctors learned that she , too , is a Mossad agent .
Experts said Saturday that the nature of the young women 's work was most likely the cause of their psychosis .
Secrecy is key in the Israeli intelligence service .
The work methods of agents is also left a mysterious for most of the public .
The Mossad glossary explicitly states that agents are " handled with secret methods . "
" Working under heavy mental pressures and exposure to real threats to one 's life while maintaining daily concern that one 's true identity will be revealed is likely to exact a mental price that could be manifested in a range of psychotic disorders , " said Saturday psychiatrist , Dr. Dorit Yudeshkin - Porat , head of the trauma unit at Brull Community Mental Health Center in Tel Aviv .
She added , " Among people with pre-existing genetic predispositions , this type of work could even lead to the development of psychotic states .
It is safe to assume that working in the Mossad places the agent under intense daily pressures . "
" Perhaps it is connected to their work , " said a source Saturday who is familiar with the cases .
" Statistically , it could also be a coincidence .
If one in a hundred Mossad agents suffers from a psychotic episode , this is no different than the rate of such episodes within the general public . "
The Prime Minister 's Office reported in the name of the Mossad , " We do not provide details on the office 's activities . "
Pita bread is a great bread for beginning bakers or for making with kids .
The entire process of making them only takes about two hours too , so it is also a great one for people on a tight schedule .
Flat Breads
Flat breads can be made in dozens of different ways .
They can be made from grains other than wheat , such as corn in corn tortillas .
They can be made with no leavening , such as matzo or flour tortillas , with chemical leavening ( baking soda or baking powder ) such as pancakes or crepes , or with yeast , such as naan or pita bread .
They can also be made from a starter .
And they can be baked ( pitas ) , fried ( fry bread ) , grilled ( zebra bread ) , and , I would imagine even steamed ( I 'm drawing a blank ... anyone ? ) .
Flat breads of some sort exist in just about every culture on the globe .
Anyone who grew up in a household where flat breads are an essential part of every meal knows will attest that they are a hundred times better when baked fresh than when bought from the store wrapped in plastic and already two or three days old .
I was n't brought up in such a house , actually , but a year or two ago I started going to a local Lebanese restaurant solely for the fresh pita bread that they baked .
After draining my wallet by eating lunch there every day for a week , I realized pita bread must be pretty simple to make at home .
So I tried it and was extremely pleased with the results .
I still visit the Lebanese restaurant for their pitas every few weeks , but I 've cut back and saved myself a ton of money .
About The Ingredients
There are only 6 ingredients in this recipe for pita bread , and you even have quite a bit of flexibility in choosing which of those to include .
I 'll go through the ingredients one - by - one :
Flour -
I like to use one cup of whole wheat flour and 2 cups of all purpose unbleached flour .
It gives the pitas a heartier flavor than using all white flour .
You can use any combination of the wheat flours you have around the house , from 100 % white flour to 100 % whole wheat flour .
You could probably even use flour made from other grains , though I 'd suggest trying it with wheat flour the first time before getting too crazy .
- I like to use one cup of whole wheat flour and 2 cups of all purpose unbleached flour .
It gives the pitas a heartier flavor than using all white flour .
You can use any combination of the wheat flours you have around the house , from 100 % white flour to 100 % whole wheat flour .
You could probably even use flour made from other grains , though I 'd suggest trying it with wheat flour the first time before getting too crazy .
Salt -
Salt is necessary to retard the yeast ( slow it down ) and to flavor the bread .
Without salt bread is pretty ... blah .
I used kosher salt for this , but any type of salt you have in the house will work just fine .
- Salt is necessary to retard the yeast ( slow it down ) and to flavor the bread .
Without salt bread is pretty ... blah .
I used kosher salt for this , but any type of salt you have in the house will work just fine .
Water -
Plain old tap water , assuming your water is drinkable .
If not , bottled or distilled water .
Something close to room temperature ( warmer than 50 degrees fahrenheit , cooler than 100 degrees ) works best .
- Plain old tap water , assuming your water is drinkable .
If not , bottled or distilled water .
Something close to room temperature ( warmer than 50 degrees fahrenheit , cooler than 100 degrees ) works best .
Sugar -
A touch of sugar or honey provides a little more food for the yeast and will make the bread brown faster when it caramelizes .
It also can add a touch of sweetness to the dough .
You can safely omit it from the recipe and it will turn out fine , or add more if you like it sweeter .
- A touch of sugar or honey provides a little more food for the yeast and will make the bread brown faster when it caramelizes .
It also can add a touch of sweetness to the dough .
You can safely omit it from the recipe and it will turn out fine , or add more if you like it sweeter .
Yeast - I use instant yeast , which is also know as Rapid Rise or Bread Machine yeast .
Instant yeast is a little more potent than active dry yeast and can be mixed directly in with your dry ingredients and will have no problem waking up when the water is added .
Active dry yeast works just as well as instant yeast , but requires being activated in a little bit of warm water before being added to the rest of the ingredients .
If you are using active dry yeast , read the instructions on the package to figure out how to activate the yeast before adding it to this recipe and reduce the amount of water you add later in the recipe by the amount of water you proof the yeast in ( i.e. , if you activate the yeast in a half a cup of water only add 3/4 to 1 cup later ) .
- I use instant yeast , which is also know as Rapid Rise or Bread Machine yeast .
Instant yeast is a little more potent than active dry yeast and can be mixed directly in with your dry ingredients and will have no problem waking up when the water is added .
Active dry yeast works just as well as instant yeast , but requires being activated in a little bit of warm water before being added to the rest of the ingredients .
If you are using active dry yeast , read the instructions on the package to figure out how to activate the yeast before adding it to this recipe and reduce the amount of water you add later in the recipe by the amount of water you proof the yeast in ( i.e. , if you activate the yeast in a half a cup of water only add 3/4 to 1 cup later ) .
Oil -
Oil or fats soften the bread and keep it fresher longer .
Olive oil is the most traditional oil to use in Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cooking , but if you do not have any you can use whatever you have in the house .
And , in the worst case , you can even omit it .
Makes 8 pitas 3 cups flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 Tablespoon sugar or honey
1 packet yeast ( or , if from bulk , 2 teaspoons yeast )
1 1/4 to 1 1/2 cups water , roughly at room temperature
2 tablespoons olive oil , vegetable oil , butter , or shortening
If you are using active dry yeast , follow the instructions on the packet to active it ( see the note on yeast above ) .
Otherwise , mix the yeast in with the flour , salt , and sugar .
Add the olive oil and 1 1/4 cup water and stir together with a wooden spoon .
All of the ingredients should form a ball .
If some of the flour will not stick to the ball , add more water ( I had to add an extra 1/4 cup ) .
Once all of the ingredients form a ball , place the ball on a work surface , such as a cutting board , and knead the dough for approximately 10 minutes ( or until your hands get tired ) .
If you are using an electric mixer , mix it at low speed for 10 minutes .
( The purpose of kneading is to thoroughly combine the ingredients and to break down the flour so that the dough will become stretchy and elastic and rise well in the oven .
A simple hand kneading technique is to firmly press down on the dough with the palm of your hand , fold the dough in half toward you like you are closing an envelope , rotate the dough 90 degrees and then repeat these steps , but whatever technique you are comfortable using should work . )
When you are done kneading the dough , place it in a bowl that has been lightly coated with oil .
I use canola spray oil , but you can also just pour a teaspoon of oil into the bowl and rub it around with your fingers .
Form a ball out of the dough and place it into the bowl , rolling the ball of dough around in the bowl so that it has a light coat of oil on all sides .
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel and set aside to rise until it has doubled in size , approximately 90 minutes .
When it has doubled in size , punch the dough down to release some of the trapped gases and divide it into 8 pieces .
Roll each piece into a ball , cover the balls with a damp kitchen towel , and let them rest for 20 minutes .
This step allows the dough to relax so that it 'll be easier to shape .
While the dough is resting , preheat the oven to 400 degrees .
If you have a baking stone , put it in the oven to preheat as well .
If you do not have a baking stone , turn a cookie sheet upside down and place it on the middle rack of the oven while you are preheating the oven .
This will be the surface on which you bake your pitas .
After the dough has relaxed for 20 minutes , spread a light coating of flour on a work surface and place one of the balls of dough there .
Sprinkle a little bit of flour on top of the dough and use a rolling pin or your hands to stretch and flatten the dough .
You should be able to roll it out to between 1/8 and 1/4 inch thick .
If the dough does not stretch sufficiently you can cover it with the damp towel and let it rest 5 to 10 minutes before trying again .
If you have a spray bottle in the kitchen , spray a light mist of water onto your baking surface and close the oven for 30 seconds .
Supposedly this step reduces the blistering on the outside of your pitas .
I 've skipped it many times in the past and still been pleased with my breads , so if you do n't have a bottle handy it is n't a big deal .
Open the oven and place as many pitas as you can fit on the hot baking surface .
They should be baked through and puffy after 3 minutes .
If you want your pitas to be crispy and brown you can bake them for an additional 3 to 5 minutes , but it is n't necessary ( in the batch pictured here I removed them at 3 minutes ) .
That 's it .
They should keep pretty well , but we almost always eat them as soon as they come out of the oven .
Yum !
If you have any tips on baking pitas or have a recipe you 'd like to share , please add a comment below .
Should have spent more time outdoors ?
( Image : Veer Solus / Getty )
The decline was rapid .
I got my first pair of glasses aged 9 , and by my mid-teens could no longer read the title on the cover of New Scientist at arm ’s length .
With my mum ’s eyes just as bad , I always assumed that I ’d inherited my short - sightedness from her and that I could do little to stop my vision from becoming a little blurrier each year .
Around the same time , however , rates of short - sightedness , or myopia , were rising to epidemic proportions around the world .
Today , in some of the worst - affected countries such as Singapore , Hong Kong and Taiwan , around 80 per cent of young adults are myopic , compared to only 25 per cent a few decades back .
Rates are lower in western countries – between 30 and 50 per cent – but myopia seems to be rising steadily here too .
What could be causing this mysterious epidemic ?
It is clear that genetics alone ca n’t explain the condition , and the long - standing theory that reading was to blame has failed to play out in subsequent studies .
Large - scale epidemiological surveys ensued , which have pinned down the specific aspects of modern lifestyles that cause children ’s eyesight to deteriorate .
With just a few simple measures , it now looks like we could easily prevent future generations from descending into my blurry world .
While the causes have been elusive , the anatomy of myopia has been well understood for decades .
In the normal eye , the lens focuses light squarely on the retina , which records the image and sends it to the brain .
We myopes , however , have eyeballs that are elongated , increasing …
Galvanic Reanimation of the Dead
The exploits of nineteenth century scientists with electrical batteries and corpses .
" Le docteur Ure galvanisant le corps de l'assassin Clydsdale . "
An engraving from Les merveilles de la Science ( 1867 ) by Louis Figuier
In 1803 Giovanni Aldini ( Galvani`s nephew ) performed experiments , in public , upon the severed heads of " malefactors " despatched at Newgate , London .
A couple of accounts of these horrific demonstrations -
" Galvanism was communicated by means of three troughs combined together , each of which contained forty plates of zinc , and as many of copper .
On the first application of the arcs the jaw began to quiver , the adjoining muscles were horribly contorted , and the left eye actually opened . "
" The first of these decapitated criminals being conveyed to the apartment provided for my experiments , in the neighbourhood of the place of execution , the head was first subjected to the Galvanic action .
For this purpose I had constructed a pile consisting of a hundred pieces of silver and zinc .
Having moistened the inside of the ears with salt water , I formed an arc with two metallic wires , which , proceeding from the two ears , were applied , one to the summit and the other to the bottom of the pile .
When this communication was established , I observed strong contractions in the muscles of the face , which were contorted in so irregular a manner that they exhibited the appearance of the most horrid grimaces .
The action of the eye - lids was exceedingly striking , though less sensible in the human head than in that of an ox . "
Unrelenting Violence Stalks Civilians Throughout Eastern DR Congo
( Tell me something new , DRC tops the list every year )
Somalis Endure Violence and Lack of Access to Health Care ( been in the top list since .. well , since for ever )
Precarious Situation for People in Southern Sudan and Darfur ( tell me something new )
Thousands Injured during the Final Stage of Sri Lanka 's Decades - long War ( ok , the Sri Lanka government topped themselves this year , I have to admit .
They deserved a special mention for nearing genocide this year . )
Civilians Suffer From Violence & Neglect in Pakistan ( Mjah ...
More than last year , I agree .
But mostly over - reported news this year . )
Politics of Aid Leaves many Afghans Cut off from Humanitarian Assistance ( On the hit list since the 70's , but US violence in Afghanistan definitively increased , I agree .
Hardly underreported news , though ) .
. Civilians Trapped in Violent War in Northern Yemen ( " North , South , Left , Right : Yemen is always in the Fight .
North , South , Left , Right .... "
Now that the US and Saudis start bombing Yemen rebels , all will be over soon .
Rrright . )
Woefully Inadequate Funding Undermines Gains in Childhood Malnutrition Treatment ( True .
No change . )
Funding for AIDS Treatment Stagnating Despite Millions Still in Need ( True . No change )
Lack of R&D and Scale Up of Treatment Plagues Patients with Neglected Diseases ( True. No change ) .
For as far as I am concerned , the 2009 list could just have been a cut and paste from the 2008 list .
Except that for one reason or the other , Zimbabwe was dropped from " The List " .
Maybe it was considered a hopeless case anyway .
How about including violence in South Africa , tribal turbulence in Kenya , sexual violence and child labour in many parts of Africa , increased hunger and malnutrition in the US , large scale displaced people in Colombia , the increase of urban poverty , inaccessibility to food rather than unavailability of food ....
Guess MSF might have been a bit short of inspiration and imagination this year .
But then again , in all due fairness , their
How about this , why do n't we start our own " 2009 Humanity 's Shame Top 10 " list ?
Stay tuned , will announce it soon .
Update :
1 . We kicked off our " Humanity 's Shame Top 1o " .
Accepting nominations
2. Nominations are closed .
You can vote for your " Humanity 's Shame "
3 . The poll results are out .
Check out
Picture courtesy Jobi Bieber / MSF
For as far as I am concerned , the 2009 list could just have been a cut and paste from the 2008 list .
Except that for one reason or the other , Zimbabwe was dropped from " The List " .
Maybe it was considered a hopeless case anyway .
How about including violence in South Africa , tribal turbulence in Kenya , sexual violence and child labour in many parts of Africa , increased hunger and malnutrition in the US , large scale displaced people in Colombia , the increase of urban poverty , inaccessibility to food rather than unavailability of food ....
Guess MSF might have been a bit short of inspiration and imagination this year .
But then again , in all due fairness , their " Top 10 List of Shame " is a must - read .
Check out the excellent pictures list which goes with the Top 10 How about this , why do n't we start our own " 2009 Humanity 's Shame Top 10 " list ?
Stay tuned , will announce it soon .
1 . We kicked off our " Humanity 's Shame Top 1o " .
Accepting nominations on this post 2 . Nominations are closed .
You can vote for your " Humanity 's Shame " on this post 3 .
The poll results are out .
Check out this post for our " Humanity 's Shame Top 10 " Picture courtesy Jobi Bieber / MSF
Just like Christmas carols , pennies in the Salvation Army collection tin , loads of booze , turkey experiments in the oven , and presents you never asked for , MSF ( or " Doctors without Borders " for the Anglophones ) has its annual traditions too :
Every year - end , them release theirs " Top Ten Humanitarian Crisis of 2009 " On The Road , we have the tradition of summarizing this Top 10 of " world shame " ( see our 2008 and 2007 posts ) .
MSF began with the " Top Ten " list in 1998 , when a famine in southern Sudan went largely unreported in the US media .
Maybe due to the CNN effect ( " no media attention , no aid pesos " ) , MSF went a more commercial course last year , converting " the most Underreported Crisis " list , to " the Top 10 Humanitarian Crisis " .
This year , MSF reports in their top 10 :
We charge two main types of selling fees : an insertion fee when you create a listing , and a final value fee when your item is sold .
This article sets out our standard fees for selling on eBay.com .au without an eBay Store .
The amount we charge depends on the item 's price , the format and category you choose for your listing , and your seller performance and service metrics .
We also charge a fee for some optional features and services , such as listing upgrades or postage labels printed through eBay .
Do you have an eBay Store or want to sell vehicles ?
Fees are different for eBay Store subscribers and for selling vehicles .
Read our articles on : eBay Stores selling fees
Fees for selling a vehicle on eBay Motors
For an overview of eBay fees , download a copy of our fee table for selling on eBay.com .au ( PDF ) - opens in new window or tab .
Fees when you list your item
We give you 40 free auction - style or fixed price listings each month .
Once you 've used up your free listings , or if an item does n't qualify for a free listing , we 'll charge a non-refundable insertion fee .
When you list your item , you can select features that require an additional fee , but may help your listing stand out and attract more buyers .
If fees apply when listing your item , you 'll be able to review these on the listing form before submitting your listing .
Standard insertion fees on eBay.com.au
Listing format Starting price Insertion fee ( incl .
GST )
Auction or fixed price
( First 40 listings free * ) Up to $ 100 $ 1.65 Over $ 100 $ 3.85
* Conditions apply – please see full terms below .
Fees for optional listing upgrades on eBay.com.au
Feature Fee ( incl .
GST ) Subtitle $ 2.20 Buy It Now added to an auction FREE in most categories
$ 0.11 in a small number of categories ^ Scheduled listing FREE in most categories
$ 0.44 in a small number of categories ^
^ For full details , see our category pricing list ( PDF ) - opens in new window or tab .
Tip
Sometimes we have promotional offers - opens in new window or tab with additional free listings or fee discounts – make sure you 've selected Get Offer before you list your item (s ) .
When your listing is eligible for a promotional offer , it will be valid only for the first listing period .
Fees when you sell your item
We charge a final value fee whenever you sell an item on eBay .
The fee is calculated as a percentage of the total amount paid by the buyer ( including postage and handling ) .
Listing category / format Final value fee ( incl .
GST )
Auction or fixed price in most categories 10.9 % of the total amount of the sale , to a maximum charge of $ 440 per item * Services category ( all formats ) $ 44.00
If your item does n't sell , you usually do n't pay a final value fee .
However , if we determine that you may have completed a sale outside of eBay , we 'll charge a final value fee for introducing you to the buyer .
If you refund a buyer or cancel a sale , you may be eligible for a final value fee credit .
* Sellers not meeting performance expectations will be charged higher final value fees :
If your account is evaluated as not meeting our minimum performance standards ( i.e. ' Below Standard ' ) in the evaluation on the 20th of a month , you 'll be charged an additional 4.4 % ( incl. GST ) on the total amount paid by the buyer for sales in all categories during the following calendar month .
You can check your current seller performance level in your Seller Dashboard - opens in new window or tab .
.
If your rate of ' Item not as described ' returns is evaluated in your service metrics as Very High in one or more categories in the evaluation on the 20th of a month , you 'll be charged an additional 4.4 % ( incl. GST ) on the total amount paid by the buyer for sales in those categories during the following calendar month .
You can view your service metrics by going to the Performance tab in Seller Hub - opens in new window or tab .
Read our full terms for final value fees
When you sell an item on eBay , the final value fee is based on the total amount the buyer pays ( item price + postage and handling charges ) :
The item price is the winning bid ( for auction - style format listings ) , the Buy It Now price ( for fixed price listings or auctions where the buyer chose a Buy It Now option ) , or the offer price ( if the buyer and seller agree on a price using Best Offer , or the buyer accepts an offer sent by a seller ) .
The postage and handling charges include postage , handling fees and any additional services paid for by the buyer ( e.g. Signature on Delivery ) , and any applicable taxes .
If you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay , the final value fee is based on the total amount of the sale , which is determined as follows : Auction - style format :
The " total amount of the sale " is the auction start price , the Buy It Now price ( if applicable ) , the reserve price ( if applicable ) , or the price identified between the buyer and seller , whichever is highest .
Fixed price format :
The " total amount of the sale " is the fixed price or the price identified between the buyer and seller , whichever is highest .
If additional final fees apply due to poor seller performance and / or service metrics , as described above :
The standard final value fee for the total amount of the sale is increased by 4.4 percentage points ( e.g. a 10.9 % final value fee becomes 15.3 % ) .
The additional final value fee will apply on top of the standard maximum charge per sold item ( i.e. the final value fee will be $ 440 + 4.4 % of the total amount of the sale ) .
We 'll indicate which listings are subject to the additional final value fee on your Seller account - opens in new window or tab .
Different final value fees apply in Motors vehicle categories .
Fees for selling tools
If you do n't have an eBay Store , but you have a prior subscription to Selling Manager Pro , we charge $ 10.95 ( incl. GST ) per month .
Fees for Classified Ad listings
In a couple of categories , you can list using our Classified Ad format .
In this format , we 'll charge an insertion fee when you create your listing .
Final value fees apply to Classified Ad listings in the Services category .
Standard fees for Classified Ad listings on eBay.com.au
Category Insertion fee
( incl . GST ) Optional feature fees
( incl . GST )
Final value fee
( incl . GST ) Services $ 21.99 Subtitle
$ 2.20
Scheduled listing
$ 0.44 $ 44.00 Real Estate $ 54.95 n/ a
Different fees apply to Classified Ad listings in Motors vehicle categories .
Fees for Promoted Listings
If you choose to promote your listing , you 'll pay a fee ( a percentage of the sale price ) when a customer clicks or taps on your ad and then buys the item within 30 days .
A promoted listing ad fee is calculated at the time of the sale and is based on :
The ad rate set at the time the buyer first clicked or tapped on your ad , and
set at the time the buyer first clicked or tapped on your ad , and The sale price of an item – i.e. the Buy It Now price ( or offer price , if you agree a price using Best Offer or the buyer accepts an offer from you ) , excluding any postage charges and taxes .
How the ad rate is set :
If you use our Promoted Listings service through Seller Hub - opens in new window or tab , you can select the ad rate for each listing .
, you can select the ad rate for each listing .
If you use our Promoted Listings Lite service from the quick listing tool - opens in new window or tab , you 'll see the percentage we 'll charge when you agree to promote your listing .
If your item does n't sell , or if a buyer finds your item through a non-promoted listing in search results , you wo n't be charged an ad fee .
Charges for supplemental services
These additional charges may apply to your selling activity :
Charges for postage costs when you buy and print postage on eBay
Charges for postage costs when a buyer uses an eBay return postage label - opens in new window or tab to return an item
to return an item Reimbursements when eBay refunds one of your buyers under eBay Money Back Guarantee
Charges for services offered on eBay by third parties , if you choose to use them .
Depending on the charge , and at eBay 's option , these charges may be included on your seller invoice and charged to your automatic payment method along with your eBay selling fees .
Additional terms and conditions for eBay fees
Billing and payment
Your fees are added to your seller account - opens in new window or tab and you receive a detailed monthly invoice showing the amount due .
We require payment in full each month on accounts with an amount due of $ 1.00 or more .
Learn more about paying your eBay fees .
and you receive a detailed monthly invoice showing the amount due .
We require payment in full each month on accounts with an amount due of $ 1.00 or more .
Learn more about paying your eBay fees .
If you have n't paid by the due date specified on your invoice , you may be billed late fees , we may limit or suspend the services which eBay provides to you , your eBay account may be suspended , and you may be responsible for collection and legal related costs .
If your seller account is suspended for any reason , any amounts owed will become due and payable immediately .
eBay reserves the right to immediately charge any amounts you have n't previously disputed to the billing method you 're using .
Goods and Services Tax ( GST )
If your registered address is in Australia , Australian GST of 10 % is payable on your eBay fees .
If you 're a business customer and are registered for GST in Australia , you can get a GST exemption if you register your Australian Business Number ( ABN ) with eBay - opens in new window or tab .
Unless you 've registered for GST exemption with eBay , your invoice will include GST .
.
Unless you 've registered for GST exemption with eBay , your invoice will include GST .
If you live outside Australia , depending on the tax legislation of your country of residency , local Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) , Value Added Tax ( VAT ) or similar consumption tax might apply , instead of Australian GST .
Other terms
Why is Saturn 's moon Iapetus so freaking weird ?
Well , everything about Saturn and its moons is weird .
But the 1500 km ( 900 mile ) wide moon Iapetus may win the prize for the most bizarro .
It has a weird equator - ringing ridge that may have formed when the moon solidified and shrank .
It 's walnut shaped !
It 's got several whopping huge impact basins on it .
But the really odd thing is that the two hemispheres of the moon are so wildly different in color :
That Cassini image shows the real mystery .
One half of the moon is substantially darker than the other !
Why ?
Iapetus takes 79 days to orbit Saturn , and it spins at the same rate , so the same hemisphere always faces into its direction of motion ( into the wind , as it were ) and the opposite half faces away .
Astronomers have supposed that there must be reddish dust or some other junk floating around Saturn , and the leading half of Iapetus slams into and accumulates it like bugs on a windshield .
The thing is , the entire hemisphere is not coated !
Plus , the boundary is complicated and sharply - defined , so clearly there must be something else going on .
Astronomer now think they have the answer .
Using visible and infrared data from Cassini , a new model has been proposed where melting and migrating water ice is the key .
As the dust piles up on the leading hemisphere , that area gets warmer when sunlight hits it ( dark material absorbs heat better ) .
Underneath this material , the ice warms as well .
Even though the temperature is - 140° C ( - 220° F ) , the sunlight can evaporate the water ice , which then migrates around .
When it reaches the trailing hemisphere , where there is no dust and is therefore cooler , the water recondenses and freezes out .
Since the bright , shiny ice is leaving the moon 's leading half , that half gets darker .
That ice , sans dust , reaccumulates on the trailing half , making that part brighter .
This is a positive feedback loop , and over billions of years we now have this goofy two - faced moon .
The model does a great job predicting what Iapetus should look like ; the image here shows the result ( click it to see the full graphic of how Iapetus changes with time ) .
According to the model , Iapetus got to its current condition a couple of billion years ago , and reached more or less a steady state .
Note that the poles of the moon are colder than the equator , so they do n't have as strong an effect and therefore have relatively less dust .
This model of ice migration is still a hypothesis and will need to be tweaked as more details of the moon come in .
But it does explain a lot of the features on Iapetus quite nicely , and may very well turn out to be correct .
I 'll note that the wierdness of Iapetus has been known for a long time .
Heck , Giovanni Domenico Cassini ( our spacecraft 's namesake ) noticed its bipolar^ * nature shortly after he discovered Iapetus in 1671 !
This model of a moon of Saturn was made possible because we did something extraordinary : we went there .
Mysteries are easy , solutions difficult .
But because we are not afraid of difficult exploration , and we dedicate ourselves to the mystery , the solutions become possible .
As I have said so many times before , and will continue to in the foreseeable future , that 's what science does .
And as much as we scientists like answers , you better believe that it's the questions that keep us going .
^* Haha !
It 's a pun !
It 's not really polar , since we 're talking longitudinal difference here , not latitudinal , but still : haha !
Most people have probably heard of Digg by now .
It ’s one of the unofficial poster children of Web 2.0 , and was one of the first social news sites to come out .
It gets millions of visitors every month ( Compete says about 43 million in October 2009 ) , and those visitors vote on thousands of stories every day .
In this article you can learn about how Digg came to be from its humble beginnings to the massive popularity it has now as well as the controversies that have surrounded it .
In case you ’re unfamiliar with how Digg works , here ’s a very brief overview :
Users can submit stories from anywhere online , giving each submission a headline and synopsis to help other Digg users determine if a story is worth their time .
After a story is submitted , other users can “ Digg ” ( vote up ) or “ Bury ” ( vote down ) that story .
If a story gets a certain number of Diggs within a specified period of time , it might make the popular section within its category or even the home page .
If it gets buried enough times , it will disappear from the site ’s main feed ( and is only visible if users specifically include buried stories in their searches ) .
The exact algorithm that determines whether a story makes the popular sections or gets buried is kept a secret , and has been changed and refined numerous times throughout Digg ’s history .
Early Development
Digg got started in late 2004 as an experiment by Kevin Rose , Jay Adelson , Ron Gorodetzky and Owen Byrne .
The name “ Diggnation ” was originally proposed , but the group decided the name was too long , and shortened it to “ Digg ” ( Dig.com had already been registered by the Walt Disney Internet Group , hence the double “ G ” ) .
Digg was similar to social bookmarking sites , but had one fundamental difference .
While sites like Delicious allowed users to bookmark sites and share them with others , they were aimed at saving sites you ’d want to return to again and again .
Digg , on the other hand , focused on saving pages with temporary value : things like news stories and blog posts .
Digg was the first true social news site .
The first ten stories on Digg were primarily tech - focused ( Blog Box Applications , a CSS cheatsheet , and a torrent search engine were among them ) , though there was also a post about a buy - one - get - one - free deal at Jamba Juice .
The tenth story seems to have disappeared ; it ’s been speculated it was a spam post and was removed .
Within 18 months , Digg grew to more than 800,000 daily visitors .
But they ’d also started receiving some negative attention during that time .
One early allegation of abuse was over Digg users using the site to spread rumors of a Google acquisition of Sun , which led to artificial inflation of Sun ’s stock prices .
Initial Development
The initial site launched did n’t have support for many of the things we associate with Digg today .
Basically , the original Digg let users sign up for an account , submit content , and then either vote it up ( Digg it ) or vote it down ( Bury it ) .
According to an interview with Mother Jones in 2007 , Kevin Rose worried for the first six months or so about the content that would make it to the home page .
It was the first time a site had allowed users to become editors and determine which content was likely to be seen .
But it ultimately turned out a success , with most of the content on the front page during those first few months being interesting , relevant news .
Digg 2.0
The second iteration of Digg added many of the features we associate with the site today .
It was launched in July of 2005 , only about 8 months after the original site was launched .
The ability to add friends was included , as well as a site redesign .
They also removed the redirect to a “ success ” page after users dugg a story .
Digg 3.0
Roughly one year after Digg 2.0 was released , Digg 3.0 came out .
The new version included specific categories for Entertainment , Gaming , Videos , World & Business , Science , and Technology , along with an option to view all the categories at once .
Diggnation
Diggnation is the weekly video podcast show Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht produce .
Its primary focus is to talk about some of Digg ’s top stories for the week among other things .
The show airs online every Wednesday at 6 PM .
There are an estimated 200,000 regular subscribers to the show .
In addition the website distribution , the show is also available through iTunes and TiVo , and is available on - demand on Virgin America airlines .
Diggnation has received a number of awards , including the 2006 Podcast Award for best technology podcast , the Best in 2007 Podcast from iTunes , and a Webby Award in 2008 for People ’s Voice Winner for the Technology in Online Film and Video .
Diggnation is produced by Revision3 , which was founded by Jay Adelson , Kevin Rose , Dan Huard , Ron Gorodetzky , and David Prager and is now led by Jim Louderback .
Diggnation was their first show , but they ’ve grown to include more than a dozen other shows .
Advertising and Revenue
The original Digg site did n’t include any advertising .
But as the site grew , the developers quickly added means of generating revenue .
They started out with Google AdSense , and eventually moved on to banner ads .
But in the summer of 2009 , the moved on to a different form of advertising : sponsored posts showing up within Digg ’s regular news feed .
What really set this apart , though , was that these sponsored posts also included “ Digg ” and “ Bury ” buttons , like their regular content .
This was a pretty revolutionary new form of advertising .
It allows users to vote up or down the ads they want to see , and according to a quote in the Bits blog of the New York Times from Mike Maser , Digg ’s chief strategy officer , the response from users has been largely positive .
Considering the history Digg has had with user reactions to changes they ’ve made , implementing this kind of advertising strategy was risky to say the least .
But so far it looks like it ’s paid off — Digg has tripled their ad revenue forecast for the year .
It ’s also providing valuable feedback to companies running ads , as they can see exactly what Digg users think of their ads based on how they ’re voted up or down .
This means future marketing efforts can be better targeted toward the site ’s visitors .
The Digg Effect
Digg has grown to such large visitor numbers that websites who make the front page often have a hard time staying up under the onslaught of traffic ( if they ’re unprepared for it , that is ) .
This is known as the “ Digg effect ” , though sometimes this is a result of the story being featured on multiple bookmarking and news sites simultaneously .
The Digg effect can send thousands or tens of thousands of visitors to a site within a matter of a couple hours , and has been known to crash sites on a fairly regular basis .
Numerous articles have been written ( here , here , and here for starters ) about the Digg Effect , what it really does , and how to prepare for it so your site does n’t slow down too much or crash .
Controversies Surrounding Digg
Digg has been surrounded in controversy practically since its launch .
Everything from the “ bury ” option to the fact that it ’s a user - moderated site have come under fire from critics .
One of the most common criticisms regards Digg ’s algorithm ( and changes to it ) .
Digg has always kept its algorithm a secret , which has led many to believe that Digg ’s creators often have a hand in censoring or burying particular posts they do n’t agree with ( or , alternatively , of bumping posts they particularly like ) .
Digg has always maintained that whether the content makes the front page or is buried is entirely up to the users , and that the developers and programmers have no hand in it .
Other controversies include the use of Digg as a marketing tool by entrepreneurs .
While some companies become legitimate parts of the Digg community , others do little more than submit self - promotional posts in hopes of getting extra traffic ( those posts are generally either buried directly or just never gain any traction ) .
Here are a few more controversies surrounding Digg :
Digg Revolt
So far , there have been two major Digg uprisings , one in 2007 and one in 2008 .
The first one , in May 2007 , revolved around the AACS encryption key used on HD DVDs and Blu-ray Disc .
On May 1 , an article made it to Digg ’s front page that offered up the encryption key for removing the digital rights management on HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs .
Digg ’s legal team recommended the story be taken down .
Digg did so , and banned a number of users who had submitted the story .
But Digg users did n’t take this action lightly .
Rather than let the issue drop , more and more Digg users started reposting the encryption key , both in comments and new posts .
Soon there were hundreds of stories appearing on the site , and Digg backed down .
Digg ’s official statement declared , “ … you ’ve made it clear .
You ’d rather see Digg go down fighting than bow down to a bigger company . ”
They reversed their policy of deleting posts that included the encryption key and said they would deal with whatever consequences that brought .
The second major revolt happened when a change to Digg ’s algorithm was announced .
Many Digg “ power users ” felt the new algorithm would give them less power in influencing the content that made it to the front page .
A temporary boycott was called , with some even proposing the users move over to a different site entirely .
Digg was also called out for being unresponsive to suggestions posed by users , and a general lack of communication .
Numerous other grievances were cited in letters to Digg , including a lack of transparency and Digg ’s purported “ auto - bury ” list .
Before the revolt , Digg put up a blog post explaining that the changes were being made to create a more level playing field for all Digg users , and to give everyone a fair chance of having their submission make the front page .
Shout Feature Removed
In May of 2009 , Digg removed the “ Shout ” feature from the site .
Shouts were a form of internal communication on the site , and some believed they were used by top users to gain an advantage when promoting their content .
While some users were upset by the move , others welcomed it .
Digg replaced the Shout feature by making it easier for users to share and promote their posts through Twitter and Facebook .
While this has moved some interaction off Digg ’s site , it may also bring in new users , who see Digg links being passed along on other sites .
Digg Bar
The Digg Bar was released in early April 2009 and immediately came under fire for multiple reasons .
The Digg Bar , for those unfamiliar with it , frames the original webpage rather than redirecting to the page specifically .
One major reason this has been criticized is that it can have a negative effect on a site ’s page rank , because the shortened URLs the bar uses do n’t give any credit to the original site ( some CMSs and blogs have blocked the Digg bar or set it to redirect to the original page ) .
ForeverGeek - Gate
In April 2006 , ForeverGeek called Digg out on a pattern of digging by what has been deemed the “ Digg Army “ .
Basically , he noticed a pattern of digging by certain users , and that some stories that made the home page had been dugg by a number of the exact same Diggers .
In fact , of the two stories he compared , both were from A List Apart , and were originally submitted by the same user .
Of the first 24 users who dugg the story , 22 of them were the same ( the first 16 were completely identical , right down to the order in which they dugg the stories ) .
Only two users were different on each story .
Adding to the speculation surrounding this was the fact that Kevin Rose was included in the 22 users who dugg both stories .
A number of high - profile blogs ( including BoingBoing and Slashdot ) reported ForeverGeek ’s findings , many of which verified the claims .
And some more traditional media sources also weighed in ( including The Inquirer ) .
And not long after that , ForeverGeek was banned from Digg ( it became impossible to submit any stories from the site ) .
While Digg maintains that ForeverGeek was banned because they were suspected of using multiple accounts to vote up their own stories , there are a number of reports of other users who submitted similar stories who were also banned .
Eventually , ForeverGeek was un -banned .
But reportedly a number of users in the “ Digg Army ” disappeared from the site , too .
The Bury Brigade
It has long been theorized that there is a network of Diggers who act as a unofficial censors to content posted to Digg that does not fit with their ideology .
This network is often referred to as the “ Bury Brigade ” .
In early 2007 , a user named David LeMieux figured out how to use the site ’s Digg Spy tool to highlight which users were burying stories and why they were doing so .
He was able to gather information on more than 1700 buries during a two hour period .
Digg has long kept information about buries shrouded in secrecy , so the data gathered by LeMieux is some of the only such data available .
The story itself was then buried on Digg , and one user who submitted a duplicate story even found themselves banned .
Another user , Muhammad Saleem , posted some raw data and his analysis on the Bury Brigade in February 2007 .
He came to the conclusion that it proved the existence of a Bury Brigade , though other users doubted that conclusion ( see the comments to the original article for specifics ) .
Both the Bury Brigade and the users trying to uncover the truth behind it seem to be grassroots - based and have no central leader or formal organization .
The Bury Brigade gained enough attention there was an official response from Kevin Rose posted on the Digg blog regarding the information released about it .
Basically , Rose stated that the data gathered through using the Digg Spy was only partial data , and should n’t be considered representative of what ’s happening across the entire Digg community .
Whether a bury brigade actually exists or whether the stories purportedly buried by them are just a reflection of the bias of the majority of Digg users ( or just the most involved ) is still up in the air .
The Top User List
Up until 2007 , Digg had a public list of who the top Diggers were .
These were the most influential Digg users .
Stories they submitted and dugg got to the front page more often than those by other users .
These top users enjoyed a position of power within the Digg community .
So much so , in fact , that some were offered monetary or other compensation for digging sponsored stories .
And that ’s where the controversy started .
If powerful Digg users were being paid to digg stories , it would change the dynamics of the entire site .
If a sponsor paid ten or twenty of the top users to vote for a story , it could spur other users to vote for it , and the likelihood of it making the front page would drastically increase .
The whole thing was at odds with what the Digg community was supposed to be all about ( democratic , user control of content ) .
Those on the list were also accused of manipulating Digg content , paid or otherwise .
So , Digg took action .
They stopped publishing the list of top Digg users .
This resulted in outrage from some Digg users ( mostly those who appeared on the Top Diggers list ) , who enjoyed the notoriety they gained from being on the list .
Some viewed it as removing any reward for submitting content , and speculated it could lead to decreased participation among some members .
Whether the removal of the list had any lasting impact on Digg is unknown ( it did n’t appear to ) .
The Existence of Auto - Bury
There has been ongoing speculation over the existence of an auto - bury algorithm or an internal bury system .
A few bloggers have published anecdotal evidence of some kind of internal bury mechanism , though Digg has maintained that there is no such system .
While some of the evidence against Digg seems pretty compelling , there ’s nothing that proves the existence of any kind of auto - bury system .
And since Digg ’s algorithm is a closely - gaurded secret , it ’s unlikely we ’ll find out the truth behind this any time soon .
A Brief History of Digg Controversy has more information about controversies surrounding Digg .
Digg Events
Digg founders regularly participate in tech - related events and host Digg meetups .
In 2008 they hosted the Bigg Digg Shindigg at SXSW .
Their first meetup was held in San Francisco in 2008 , and other meetups have followed in Chicago , Los Angeles , Seattle and New York .
They hosted a second Bigg Digg Shindigg at SXSW in 2009 that included a live Diggnation show and live music .
It was attended by more than 2000 people .
In addition to live events , Digg also hosts online townhall - style meetings .
They ’ve held seven to date ( you can watch all of them on their website ) .
These townhall webcasts are hosted by Jay Adelson and Kevin Rose , and included information on new features , answers to questions posed by community members , and site - related news .
The Future of Digg
Digg has reportedly been trying to sell itself for a number of years now , and was even courted by Google at one point ( the sale fell through at the last minute ) .
Kevin Rose was quoted in an interview in Mother Jones saying that he’d be happy to continue running Digg without being sold or going public .
A survey leaked in September 2009 gave some hints about the possible future direction of Digg .
It sought user input on things like a customized homepage that shows popular stories that might appeal to specific users based on their interests and vertical channels that would let users discover popular content in specific niche areas .
Other features mentioned included anonymous Digging ( without requiring a user account ) , a “ save to read later ” function that lets you flag stories to look at later , and Digg groups that let users form groups to share content .
One of the more interesting features mentioned is a “ Digg Breaking News ” section , which could be targeted at taking some of Twitter ’s market share when it comes to breaking news ( which Twitter has become very adept at doing ) .
Written exclusively for WDD by Cameron Chapman .
What do you think of Digg and the controversies surrounding it ?
" He 's more Canadian than Swedish .
He 's tough to play against and gets under your skin and can frustrate you because he 's so strong .
He 'll fit in in a lot of different situations . " -- Daniel Sedin on Mikael Samuelsson
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
Bad Faith Insurance Claims
An insurance policy is a contract between you and your insurer .
You may have faithfully paid your premiums for years , if not decades .
Unfortunately , when you need your insurance company to come through for you , it may not hold up its end of the bargain .
Insurance companies are notorious for delaying , denying or defending against valid insurance claims .
At The Fell Law Firm , we hold insurance companies accountable , working tirelessly to help our clients recover what they are entitled to recover under the terms of the policy .
Our bad faith practice is led by Dallas insurance claims attorney Gregory Fell .
Greg has practiced law since 1994 and has successfully represented clients in many different types of bad faith claims over this time .
WASHINGTON — Progressive radio’s most popular talker seems a little fed up with President Obama after this week ’s health care concessions .
“ Right now , Mr. President , ” declared Ed Schultz on his 6 pm MSNBC show , “ Your base thinks you ’re nothing but a sellout , a corporate sellout , at that .
I know it ’s tough audio , but I ’m your buddy Ed. I ’ve got to tell you this .
I do n’t think anybody else is . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Schultz ’s words echo the flurry of liberal criticisms aimed at Obama and the Democratic leadership this week , following their jettisoning of the popular public option and the Medicare buy - in provision for those 55 and up from the legislation .
“ You are n’t listening to the very people who put you in office , Mr. President , ” Schultz , who is typically a vigorous supporter of Obama , continued .
“ This is n’t about your legacy .
It ’s about the people in America who need health care now . ”
The current bill is projected to cover roughly an additional 30 million Americans , largely through federal subsidies and mandates that individuals purchase insurance .
Progressives argue that without an expansion of government - run options , the legislation fails to fix the core problems in the system .
Schultz also reflected the sentiment put forth by Arianna Huffington and other progressives — that this bill is effectively a bailout for insurance companies .
“ Mr. President , I do n’t know if you ’ve noticed or not , ” he said , “ but you have carved out the most important elements of reform .
The only people who like this current bill right now , Mr. President , is the insurance industry .
They get a bunch of new customers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The base is restless , ” Schultz continued .
“ They are wandering in the wilderness , Mr. President .
They are looking for your GPS coordinates . ”
Schultz has in recent days voiced concerns as to whether the current bill is worth passing .
“ So much for change we can believe in , ” he said .
Despite the widespread criticism of the bill , there are numerous respected progressive writers — including Paul Krugman of the New York Times — urging its passage despite the flaws , arguing that failure would be much worse .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Thursday ’s Ed Show , courtesy of MSNBC.com .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
A Chilliwack , B.C. , family is furious after their six - year - old pit bull was shot and killed by police who came onto their property unannounced to perform a training exercise with a police dog .
Brian Hacker said his dog , Fendi , had gone out into the yard Tuesday morning to relieve herself when two police dog handlers and a police dog came onto the family 's property without advance notice .
The pit bull and the police dog engaged each other , he said , and moments later , Fendi was shot .
" They can't break up a dog fight ? " he told CTV News .
" We 're not wrong here on any level . "
Hacker 's wife , Jennifer Gorcak , told ctvbc.ca that she was folding laundry in the bedroom when she heard the commotion and went outside .
" My husband was two doors down from where the dog limped to her death .
He was on his knees screaming , ' They killed Fendi ! ' " she recalled .
" They should not have been in my yard unannounced , " she said .
RCMP spokesman Sgt. Peter Thiessen told ctvbc.ca
Tuesday night that the training exercise was being performed by an Abbotsford police officer connected to the Lower Mainland Regional District Police Dog Service and a Chilliwack RCMP officer .
He said that the two officers were training a police dog to track a suspect through a residential area .
When they entered the property , the police dog came under attack by the pit bull , Thiessen said .
Thiessen said the police dog was bitten in the throat .
He said the officers attempted to separate the dogs but were unable to .
They feared that the police dog's life was in danger , and a decision was made to shoot the pit bull .
One shot was fired , he said .
Thiessen said this was n't the first time police dog handlers had used the area for training and that residents had consented to the exercises in the past .
He confirmed that residents were not given prior notice of Tuesday 's exercise .
He said he did n't know why the notice did n't go out .
That 'll form part of the investigation , he said .
Advertisements
On the Senate floor today , Sen . Al Franken ( D - MN ) sent Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) a strong message today when as acting president he denied Lieberman ’s request for more time to speak .
The message was simple .
If Lieberman is going to destroy healthcare reform , then he should n’t count on getting any future help from Democrats .
Here is the video from Think Progress :
When Lieberman ran out of time , he asked for an extra second to finish up , and Franken said , “ In my capacity as Senator from Minnesota , I object . ”
Lieberman was surprised , but sat down then Lieberman ’s BFF John McCain freaked out , “ I ’ve never seen a member denied an extra minute or so , as the chair just did . ”
Democrat Carl Levin pointed out that he thought something like this happened earlier today , but that did n’t appease McCain who replied , “ I think it harms the comity of the Senate . ”
Advertisements
Maybe Democrats were trying to enforce the ten minute rule , but the message being sent to all Republicans and sympathizers like Lieberman was obvious .
They are n’t going to put up with any more stall tactics and nonsense .
Franken ’s office said that he was just enforcing the rules , but this is a rule that is never enforced .
Senators break this rule dozens , if not hundreds of times a day .
Everyone will deny it , but the message to Lieberman was that if he is intent on bringing down healthcare reform , he is not going to get an inch of courtesy from Democrats .
It looks like Harry Reid has finally started to play hardball .
It is about time , and long overdue .
It is probably too late to save the Medicare buy in , or the public option , but was certainly to at least see that at least one Democrat has enough spine to tell Joe Lieberman no .
Padilla v. Yoo : Obama administration backs appeal of Bush torture memo author
By John Burton
12 December 2009
Obama administration lawyers under the direction of Attorney General Eric Holder are once again supporting the dismissal of a civil case brought by a victim of illegal detention and torture during the Bush administration .
On December 3 , Department of Justice attorneys filed an amicus curiae “ friend of the court ” brief on behalf of John Yoo , the notorious draftsman of Bush ’s “ torture memos , ” in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , which reviews federal court decisions in the western United States .
The brief urges a reversal of District Judge Jeffrey S. White ’s refusal to dismiss the case brought against Yoo by Jose Padilla , the US citizen held incommunicado and tortured for over two years after his arrest at Chicago ’s O’Hare Airport .
Earlier this year , Obama administration lawyers supported the dismissal of suits brought by victims of CIA “ extraordinary renditions ” ( See “ Obama administration defends torturers ” ) , targets of government eavesdropping ( See “ Obama administration seeks to block lawsuit over illegal wiretapping ” ) , and detainees transported from the Middle East to US military bases in Afghanistan ( See “ Obama moves to block court access for detainees in Afghanistan ” ) .
And once again the centerpiece of the Obama administration ’s argument is the claim that courts have no power to review executive decisions — even incarceration without due process and accompanied by torture — when justified in the name of the “ war on terror . ”
This attack on the fundamental checks and balances underlying the US Constitution apes the police - state arguments used by former attorneys general John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzalez , and other Bush administration lawyers , to justify their attacks on democratic rights following the September 11 attacks .
US agents first arrested Padilla on May 8 , 2002 as a “ material witness ” for a New York grand jury .
A month later , on the eve of the hearing on his motion for release , Ashcroft held a sensational press conference , accusing Padilla of planning “ to build and explode a radiological dispersion device , or ‘ dirty bomb , ’ in the United States . ”
Bush designated Padilla an “ enemy combatant ” — a category with no legal precedent — and he was shipped to a South Carolina brig .
After two - and - a - half years of legal challenges mounted on his behalf by lawyers not even allowed to meet or communicate with their client , in November 2005 the “ enemy combatant ” designation was abruptly dropped and Padilla was transferred to a civilian jail , an action taken to head off an imminent Supreme Court ruling on the constitutionality of his detention .
New criminal charges were then filed that had no connection to the original allegations .
Padilla was tried with two other men in Florida , and was unjustly convicted of conspiracy and providing material support for terrorism .
He is now serving a 17 - year sentence while he appeals his conviction .
( See “ US ‘ enemy combatant ’ Jose Padilla sentenced to 17 years in prison ” . )
Padilla sued Yoo , who presently teaches law at the University of California ’s Boalt Hall , in San Francisco federal court .
Yoo brought a motion to dismiss the case last March , which also was supported by Obama administration lawyers .
( See “ Obama administration backs immunity for author of Bush torture memos ” . )
Last June , however , the motion to dismiss was denied by Judge White , a 2002 George W. Bush appointee .
Judge
White ’s ruling detailed Padilla ’s two - and - a - half years in the brig .
Conditions included “ extreme and prolonged isolation , ” “ deprivation of light and exposure to prolonged periods of artificial light , ” “ extreme and deliberate variations in the temperature of his cell , ” “ threats to cut him with a knife and pour alcohol into the wounds , ” “ threats to kill him immediately , ” “ administering … psychotropic drugs against his will , ” “ shackling and manacling for hours at a time , ” “ uncomfortable and painful ( or ‘ stress ’ ) positions , ” “ introduction into his cell of noxious fumes that caused pain to the eyes and nose , ” “ loud noises at all hours of the night , ” “ constant surveillance , including during the use of toilet facilities and showers , ” “ denial of access to the Koran , ” and “ deprivation of medical care for serious and potentially life - threatening ailments , ” among other acts of barbarism .
Judge
White reviewed the principal documents
Yoo had prepared to give the Bush administration pseudo - legal justification for Padilla ’s treatment , including an October 23 , 2001 memorandum that “ the Fourth Amendment [ the provision of the Bill of Rights that prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures ] does not apply to domestic military operations designed to deter and prevent further terrorist attacks , ” and that just as “ wartime destruction of property does not involve a ‘ taking ’ under the Fifth Amendment , it seems safe to conclude that the Court would not apply the Fourth Amendment to domestic military operations . ”
Judge
White also cited a January 9 , 2002 memorandum outlining
Yoo ’s analysis that treatment of Al Qaeda and Taliban members is “ not governed by the bulk of the Geneva Conventions , specifically those provisions concerning POWs . ”
Following a meeting of Bush ’s war council in July 2002 , in which Yoo and others “ discussed in great detail how to legally justify pressure techniques proposed by the CIA , including waterboarding , mock burial , and open - handed slapping of suspects , ” according to Judge White , Yoo prepared his infamous August 1 , 2002 “ torture memo . ”
“ Physical pain amounting to torture must be equivalent in intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury , such as organ failure , impairment of bodily function , or even death , ” Yoo wrote .
“ For purely mental pain or suffering to amount to torture … it must result in significant psychological harm of significant duration , e.g. , lasting for months or even years . ”
Finally , Judge White cited a March 14 , 2003 memorandum that approves the use of mind - altering drugs during interrogations .
This document states that Yoo “ had received assurances from the Criminal Division of the Justice Department that prosecutions would not be brought against interrogators , reinforcing the point that even federal officials who committed war crimes or torture under federal criminal statutes would escape responsibility for their crimes . ”
“ The Court notes the irony , ” Judge White wrote , “ of [ Yoo ’s ] position : essentially , the allegations of the complaint are that Yoo drafted legal cover to shield review of the conduct of federal officials who allegedly deprived Padilla of his constitutional rights .
Now ,
Yoo argues that the very drafting itself should be shielded from judicial review .
Padilla ’s allegations here are that the creation of such legal cover was itself an unconstitutional exercise of power . ”
Judge
White denied the motion to dismiss , ruling that “ Like any other government official , government lawyers are responsible for the foreseeable consequences of their conduct . ”
Urging the Ninth Circuit to reverse this common - sense , democratic ruling , the Obama administration brief argues , “ There can be little question that the claims here directly implicate war powers of the President , with respect to the military ’s detention and treatment of those determined to be enemies during an armed conflict , that have never been the subject of money - damages actions in our nation ’s long history . ”
“ Padilla was detained by the military upon the decision of President Bush to designate him an ‘ enemy combatant , ’ ” the brief adds .
“ He claims that the military detention was unconstitutional and seeks money damages from Yoo for having advised that it was lawful … .
If enforced , [ Padilla ’s claims ] would create a large shadow over sensitive matters of military discretion . ”
The Obama administration lawyers do not mention that the suit actually seeks nominal damages of $ 1 along with a declaration that his detention and torture were illegal .
On the subject of torture , the Obama administration lawyers added that “ a court would have to inquire into what the conditions of Padilla ’s military confinement were and as to what interrogation techniques were employed against him . ”
In other words , the courts have no power to review the claim of a US citizen — seized while lawfully walking through an airport , and thrown into a brig for more than two years of torture , without access to an attorney , much less a court of law — all because the executive branch declares the action related to an undefined , never - ending “ war on terror . ”
As a substitute for meaningful judicial review based on the claims of unlawful detention and torture victims , the Obama lawyers offer the following pathetic alternative : “ That is not to say that the actions of a Department of Justice attorney providing advice should go unchecked .
Department of Justice attorneys , if they abuse their authority , are subject to possible state and federal bar sanctions . ”
There is no “ federal bar , ” and Yoo does not maintain a license to practice law in California , as professors are not required to do so .
Regardless , an administrative procedure undertaken against one ’s professional license is a far cry from a lawsuit brought by a person who actually suffered through years of wrongful confinement and torture .
The Obama administration position could not be more clear .
Despite slogans of “ change ” bandied about during last year ’s presidential campaign , Obama ’s Department of Justice embraces the same policies articulated in the Yoo memoranda : that military measures , unbridled either by the Constitution ’s Bill of Rights or by the Geneva Conventions , can be used against anyone the executive branch labels a “ terrorist , ” even US citizens on US soil .
The author also recommends :
Obama administration preparing order for indefinite detentions
[ 29 June 2009 ]
“ Law & Order ” episode makes case for prosecution of Bush administration torturers
[ 2 October 2009 ]
US Supreme Court Justice Scalia defends torture
[ 21 February 2008 ]
The galactic war has gone on long enough .
There is only one power in this galaxy that has the common sense to bring the fighting to an end , and now that power is about to be unleashed .
Ladies , Gentlemen , Entities , I present to you the almighty power of the pan-species collection of idealistic space - hippies and bringers of galactic peace ( through a short - term period of intense furious stellar warfare ) - The TRIBE .
The Tribe are the latest race to enter the fray in Gratuitous Space Battles .
Known for their patronizing attitude and their use of kinetic weapons , plus their cunning ability to somehow squeeze auto - repair systems into frigates , the tribe are here to sort out the warring factions and bring peace in our time .
The Tribe is an expansion pack for Gratuitous Space Battles .
It 's for people who have played the original game enough that they crave new ship designs and scenarios , and want more variety in the game .
Expansion packs and DLC often get a bad press , so I 'll be 100 % up front about exactly what this pack contains and let you decide for yourself if you think it 's worth getting : What The Pack Contains : 11 New ships .
4 Cruisers 3 Frigates and 4 fighters , all in a new graphical style by the same artist who did the original GSB artwork .
1 New weapon type :
The kinetic weapon .
Basically autocannons , howitzers etc .
These fire rapid - fire bursts which are good at short range , not so good at long range Enhanced repair modules .
The tribe are great at repair , and their repair modules are race - specific and out - perform everyone else 's .
New ship bonuses .
The tribe ships have only half the shield and armor strength of everyone else , but they have twice as strong hulls as their opponents .
This means Tribe ships seem to be on - fire and falling apart for half the battle .
It also means you need to re-think your tactics .
2 New Scenarios .
Two maps for you to fight against the tribe , or for you to use in uploaded challenges with whichever fleet you like .
What The Pack does NOT contain : Completely new gameplay modes , and major features that change how the game plays , any new AI orders ... basically anything that is not listed in the list above .
This is basically a data - pack with new ships , not a sequel or gameplay re-write .
How does this work with challenges and stuff ?
If you install the expansion pack , then in future when you post challenges the game will have a little ticked checkbox which tags your challenge as having content from the tribe .
That means only people with the expansion pack can play that challenge .
If you are n't using any tribe ships in your fleet , you can un tick that box and the challenge will work just as before .
You will be able to download and play existing challenges with your tribe fleet no problem .
I bought the game from X , do I need to get the expansion pack from that site too ?
No .
It wo n't make any difference .
You are an evil media conglomerate and a greedy capitalist for releasing an expansion pack etc .
Unfortunately my landlord and the people who sell me food all demand I pay them in something other than GSB expansion packs ( the fools ! ) so I have to exchange the packs for money .
Plus I have to pay the artist and feed these cats .
Sounds awesome .
I must have this immediately .
let me buy it now !
I 'm glad you feel this way .
Click the big button below ( the expansion pack is $ 5.99 )
Read here .
Despite climate model predictions , despite the IPCC climate experts , despite the Climategate data fraud , and of course , despite Al Gore and Obama , the global temperatures continued their long - term trend downwards .
This decline is in the face of steadily rising atmospheric CO2 levels .
Per the AGW hypothesis , temperatures should have risen in step with the CO2 increases .
The exact opposite occurred as there was a negative ( - 0.14 ) correlation between CO2 and temperatures .
( click on image to enlarge )
Additional current temp charts here .
Historical temp charts here .
This is your last chance .
After this , there is no turning back .
You take the blue pill - the story ends , you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe .
You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit - hole goes
— Morpheus , from the movie The Matrix
On the eve of the International Energy Agency 's release of its annual World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) , a whistleblower at the IEA claims the agency " has been deliberately underplaying a looming [ oil ] shortage for fear of triggering panic buying " in the world markets .
As the young fan said to " Shoeless " Joe Jackson , who was wrongly convicted of helping to throw the 1919 World Series , but knew the fix was in , say it ai n't so , Joe .
Ah , but apparently it is so .
Another dose of disillusionment for the naive .
The Guardian 's informant went so far as to say the situation is really bad —
The senior official claims the US has played an influential role in encouraging the watchdog to underplay the rate of decline from existing oil fields while overplaying the chances of finding new reserves .
The allegations raise serious questions about the accuracy of the organization 's latest World Energy Outlook on oil demand and supply to be published tomorrow – which is used by the British and many other governments to help guide their wider energy and climate change policies ...
A second senior IEA source , who has now left but was also unwilling to give his name , said a key rule at the organization was that it was " imperative not to anger the Americans " but the fact was that there was not as much oil in the world as had been admitted .
" We have [ already ] entered the ' peak oil ' zone .
I think that the situation is really bad , " he added .
Why would the United States " encourage " the Paris - based energy watchdog to overstate how much readily producible oil the world will have over the next 20 years ?
After all , American policy - makers have been so smart , open & forthright about everything else !
Is it arrogance ?
Starry - eyed optimism ?
An abiding faith in the United States Geological Survey ?
I believe it is the continuing futile attempt by Those In Charge to cover their collective ass after 29 years of abject neglect of the oil situation in the United States .
The actual but unofficial oil policy of the United States is the exact opposite of what it should be were this policy designed to serve the Public Good instead of the interests of those holding power .
Move on folks , nothing new to see here .
A healthy dose of skepticism applied to Figure 1 last year might have rendered the whistleblowers ' revelations this year a non-event , but skepticism , whether it pertains to self - serving Fed statements about the virtues of bubbles in the economy or self - serving CERA statements about long - term peak demand , is always in short supply .
Figure 1 — The 2008 IEA oil production forecast to 2030 .
Taken from the Guardian article cited at the top .
Annotated to show where we are .
Presumably , the graph shows productive capacity , not actual demand , for oil .
There was a time a few years back when I would have written an extensive , tortuous data - driven analysis demolishing this IEA nonsense .
But why bother ?
It did n't do any good then , as I explain below .
Why would such an analysis make any difference now ?
Let 's just examine the graph itself .
Among the chart 's many happy features , I call your attention to these two miracles of bureaucratic forecasting :
Miracle 1 — accompanying the onset of steep declines in existing production ( darker blue ) , natural gas liquids production takes off just in time to save us , making up the bulk of the increase from ~ 86 - 87 million barrels - per - day now to 105 million in 2030 .
Miracle 2 — outside of gas liquids , non-conventional tar sands production ( orange ) and a sliver of EOR ( black ) , oil from fields under development ( lighter blue ) keeps oil production steady until oil from undiscovered fields ( pink ) seamlessly takes up the slack .
Here 's another , more dramatic view of the same data from IEA Executive Director Nobuo Tanaka 's presentation to the press on November 10 , 2009 .
This one 's a real howler !
Figure 2 — Do you see that big light blue portion of the column in 2030 ?
That 's the oil coming from fields yet - to - be - developed or yet - to - be- found .
But perhaps you are looking for an investment ?
Dollars are cheap !
I 've got some swampland in Florida you may be interested in ...
Clearly the IEA 's forecast has been cobbled together to get things to work out just right .
The final , Overarching Wonder proclaims an untroubled future in which the Grand Total rises linearly up to 105 million barrels - per-day , following the same gentle upslope we saw from 1990 to the present in Figure 1 .
From the Guardian —
Now the " peak oil " theory is gaining support at the heart of the global energy establishment .
" The IEA in 2005 was predicting oil supplies could rise as high as 120 m barrels a day by 2030 although it was forced to reduce this gradually to 116 m and then 105 m last year , " said the IEA source , who was unwilling to be identified for fear of reprisals inside the industry .
" The 120 m figure always was nonsense but even today 's number is much higher than can be justified and the IEA knows this .
" Many inside the organization believe that maintaining oil supplies at even 90 m to 95 m barrels a day would be impossible but there are fears that panic could spread on the financial markets if the figures were brought down further .
And the Americans fear the end of oil supremacy because it would threaten their power over access to oil resources , " he added .
What must be explained away , of course , is how 120 million demand - driven daily barrels became 116 million , and then became 105 million .
And why would n't it become 95 or 90 now ?
Apparently , 103 is where the IEA has drawn the official line ( WEO 2009 , page 84 ) .
On the near side of that line lies the DANGER ZONE .
Hence we get these statements by the IEA whistleblowers cited by the Guardian .
Fears of Panic , Cassandra's Fate
Outside of American pressure , why does the IEA issue reassuring forecasts ?
Allow me to quote from an extraordinary piece by the Guardian 's Madeleine Bunting called Too fearful to publicize peak oil reality .
It is very hard for the average person in the street to come to a sensible conclusion on peak oil .
It 's a subject that prompts a passionate polarization of views .
The peak oilists sometimes sound like those extraordinary Christians with sandwich boards proclaiming that the end of the world is nigh .
In contrast , the the international economic establishment – including the International Energy Authority ( IEA ) – has one very clear purpose in mind at all times : do n't panic .
Their mission seems to be focused on keeping jittery markets calm ...
Faced with these options the majority of people shrug their shoulders in confusion and ignore the trickle of whistleblowers , industry insiders and careful analysts who have been warning of the imminent decline in oil for over a decade now .
Remember the Queen 's question – that uncannily accurate and strikingly obvious question she put to economists at the London School of Economics a year ago after the financial crisis : did no one see it coming ?
Apply that question to peak oil and the answer is that many people did see it coming but they were marginalized , bullied into silence and the evidence was buried in the small print .
Yes , we 've clearly been marginalized , but bullied into silence ?
No .
Marginalizing those sounding the alarm , however , is always sufficient to get the job done if the overriding concerns are to maintain the status quo , stay upbeat and avoid panic at all costs ( even when a fear - based call - to - arms is clearly called for ) .
Panic in the markets would set off a wave of buying and hoarding , which would drive the oil price into outer space , which would cause another Great Recession , and so forth .
Bullish opinions fanning the flames of Hope is the only thing we 've got supporting a strong economic recovery in the United States , in so far as the fundamentals — household debt , bank solvency , unemployment , foreclosures , etc. —suck .
In these times , hopeful optimism is always the key to ... something — exactly what escapes me right now .
Nasty surprises later ?
Yes , peakists often do sound like Christians on street corners proclaiming the Day of Judgment .
This is an understandable but regrettable reaction to being marginalized , a stance that is often made worse by exaggerated takes on future oil production decline rates .
Views proclaiming the End Times are often based on bogus Hubbert Curves which M. King Hubbert himself almost certainly would not have endorsed , given fluctuations in demand ( like now during the Great Recession ) or geopolitical factors ( i.e. within OPEC or Russia ) affecting production rates .
Hubbert curves accurately model transparent , freely operating oil markets ( e.g. in the U.S , the North Sea ) but can not capture production rates over time in politically skewed , opaque markets ( e.g the Persian Gulf ) .
As usual , a little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
It is remarkable how many phrases the English language has for those sounding a false alarm : cry wolf , chicken little , doom merchant , prophet of doom , scaremonger , fearmonger , doomsayer , alarmist , shouter of fire in a crowded theater , and so on .
Indeed , erroneous eschatology has a long and glorious history which also includes some regrettable , premature peak oil prognostications made mostly in the 1990s .
Still , the peak oil argument has been compelling in recent years if one combines 1 ) a straightforward assessment of production declines versus new oil coming on - stream with 2 ) a realpolitik view of the long - term economic interests of the big exporters .
The real problem is not that we peakists are wrong , technically or politically speaking .
The real problem is that we live under Cassandra 's curse .
Cassandra in Greek mythology ... received the gift of prophecy but was later cursed never to be believed
Cassandra was the daughter of the Trojan king Priam and Hecuba .
Apollo , the god of light , who also controlled the fine arts , music and eloquence , granted her the ability to see the future .
But when she did n't return his love , Apollo condemned her never to be believed .
Among other things , Cassandra warned about the Trojan horse that the Greeks left but her warning was ignored .
[ My Note :
In modern times , a “ Cassandra ” has become someone who constantly predicts bad news , which misses the point that Cassandra was always right too .
One important point of the myth is that no mere mortal should be allowed to know the future . ]
Cassandra would not succumb to Apollo 's charms .
Thus , the simple lesson of Cassandra 's curse is play ball or you 're cast out , you 're outta here .
We peak - oil - types have never been team players .
Refusing to play ball , we were marginalized .
The myth expresses a Universal Truth about human group behavior .
( My use of the word " group " in that last sentence is redundant . )
In my personal life , I 've experienced this kind of exile over and over again .
It 's not a rockin ' good time , I can tell you .
The venom heaped upon peakers was duplicated in recent years by the scorn heaped upon those who correctly predicted a crash in the global economy .
Some of them , like Nouriel Roubini , are now superstars of the airwaves , so maybe there 's hope for us .
( I do n't believe it ! )
If past experience is any guide , this Guardian whistleblowers story and Reality will pass each other like two ships in the night , never to meet again .
The release today of the IEA 's World Energy Outlook will garner all the attention , the news cycle will cycle on , and tomorrow the media will move on to something else .
Few people have an attention span longer than a single day anyway .
A Note on Non-OPEC Production
The only new oil result in the IEA 's 2009 WEO was their acknowledgment that growth in non-OPEC oil production is kaput , regardless of any rise in the price .
( Figure 3 , with an accompanying quote below ) .
Figure 3 — The IEA 's Figure 1.9 from page 86 of the 2009 WEO .
Past price shocks led to production surges .
Not this time .
Non-OPEC conventional production ( crude oil and NGLs ) is projected to peak around 2010 and then begin to decline slowly through to the end of the projection period .
A continued decline in the number and size of new discoveries is expected to drive up marginal development costs .
Production has already peaked in most non-OPEC countries and is expected to peak in most of the others before 2030 — despite an assumed steady increase in oil prices .
Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan and Brazil are the only non-OPEC producing countries to see any significant increase in output .
Non-OPEC conventional oil production is expected to drop by 330 thousand barrels per day ( kb/d ) between 2008 and 2011 ; by contrast , after the first two oil - price shocks , production surged ( Figure 1.9 ) .
The IEA 's non-OPEC forecast out to 2011 is about the same as my own estimate published in Are We in The Post - Peak Era ? on February 19 , 2009 ( Figure 4 ) .
Figure 4 — My non-OPEC low price / low investment forecast .
The gray bar shows my estimate for the Great Recession , which I am sticking with even if GDP is occasionally positive .
The IEA 's numbers includes crude oil , natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) , extra heavy oil from Venezuela and chemical additives .
My numbers also include production from the tar sands .
The further out you go , the fuzzier things get .
Perhaps the decline will not be so steep after 2012 as the IEA believes .
My forecast and that of the IEA are not so different in the short - term .
I note for the record that —
I am not a well - funded , highly organized international organization , nor do I write for one .
I get paid a pittance compared with salaries at the IEA .
I live in Pittsburgh , not Paris .
I work independently ( alone ) .
No one , including the dreaded Americans , influences what I say .
I put my prediction together in a few hours using publicly available data — it was n't hard to do .
These contrasts help to put the IEA 's 2009 WEO in proper perspective .
It 's All In How You Spin It
The excerpt below is from the IEA 's press release .
Press Quotes
The WEO 2009 is currently making headline news around the world , see the following selected quotes : 10 November 2009 , Bloomberg
10 November 2009 , Reuters India
10 November 2009 , Financial Times
see all press quotes
I followed the Financial Times link and read the following :
The International Energy Agency warned today that the world ’s use of fossil fuels will have to peak by 2020 if it is to escape a dangerous spike in global temperatures .
Well , well !
I guess the good news is that oil production will certainly have peaked by 2020 , and likely already has for all practical purposes .
( We could be on a long undulating plateau — some of you veterans out there will catch this reference . )
The bad news is that outside of adding a little moonshine to your gas tank , nothing much has been done to prepare for it .
Dr. Tanaka is peeved with the Guardian story .
The IEA brushed off as groundless an article in the Guardian newspaper , which quotes anonymous sources saying the IEA was pushed by US officials to downplay the risk that the world was running out of oil .
Nobuo Tanaka , executive director of the IEA , said : ; “ I think that article is just groundless .
We are very much a neutral agency and we are proud of our analysis .
We have always been saying investment is necessary . ”
In fact , the IEA last year undertook the most comprehensive global study of oil field production decline rates and today warned that the world would have to find “ four new Saudi Arabias ” - the country with the world ’s biggest oil resources , with production capacity of about 12.5 m barrels per day - to overcome the production decline from old fields over the next 21 years .
Like many in the energy industry , the IEA maintains that the world has plenty of oil and natural gas reserves , but that access to those reserves is constrained by politics and countries erecting investment barriers .
It adds that the recent drop in the oil price to around $ 80 a day today from $ 147 a barrel last July , has reduced investments .
The IEA warns that a quick world economic recovery and lack of environmental policies that reduce oil demand , would create a supply crunch by the middle of the next decade .
[ My note : Here 's a video of Tanaka talking about these groundless reports . ]
I do n't know about you , but I have read this " 4 new Saudi Arabias " crap so many times — whereas in fact , everyone knows , including Tanaka , that it is certainly the case that none exist — that I can hardly keep my eyes open whenever it pops up again .
( It used to be " 5 new Saudi Arabias . " )
Invest away !
Go for it !
So , in 2009 we are exactly where we were in 2008 except for the fact that upstream investment has declined in the past year ( see Tanaka 's slide presentation linked in above ) .
If the IEA were to admit that there are no new Saudi Arabias left to exploit , they would effectively step into the DANGER ZONE alluded to above in which panic ensues , resource wars commence , and recessions follow .
Personally , I think it is absurd to get worked up about how many Saudi Arabias we will not find , so I refuse to play this silly game anymore .
But do n't let me dissuade you if you want to duke it out with Nobuo Tanaka , Daniel Yergin , Michael Lynch or other oblivious glass - half - full types — do whatever floats your boat .
Remember , you are subject to Cassandra 's Curse .
Oil Is Our Achilles Heal
If you 've been reading my column regularly and managed to stay awake , you will be aware that I expect 1 ) the U.S. ( and global ) economy to be in the doldrums for some time to come and 2 ) another crash in global Finance & assorted asset markets some time in the next year or two .
Thus I do not think that the long plateau of oil production capacity is going to have much effect on world economies for several years as demand remains depressed .
Looking longer term , peak oil will eventually catch up with us .
If I am wrong , and there is robust global GDP growth in the short to medium term , the oil supply ceiling will dampen growth sooner rather than later .
So in the next 5 years , we have the following alternatives —
Vigorous global GDP growth causes the world to hit the oil supply ceiling , causing another oil price shock
The world experiences anemic GDP growth , with little or no expansion of the OECD economies
Pick your poison — we 're hosed if there is a strong revival of economic growth and we 're hosed if there is n't one .
Peak oil is the world 's Achilles Heal .
Only the passage of time will make this clear .
But do n't listen to me —
I 'm a Cassandra !
Contact the author at dave.aspo@gmail.com
NHPA
Stunning
IN DECEMBER 2007 , a Japanese aquarium hooked up the lights on a Christmas tree to a tank containing an electric eel .
Metal plates at the ends of the tank collected the electricity that the fish generated , which was used to power the bulbs .
It was certainly effective as a publicity stunt .
Now some researchers in America have developed a battery that generates electricity in a similar way .
Many creatures use differences in the concentration of ions ( electically charged atoms ) within the body to do work .
Human brains , for example , rely on electrical impulses to release calcium ions that bind to neurotransmitters that , in turn , communicate with the rest of the nervous system .
The mechanism that allows Electrophorus electricus to produce a shock as strong as a wall socket employs differences in the concentration of sodium ions in some 6,000 specialised cells called electrocytes .
These cells are normally electrically isolated from one another .
When the eel locates its prey , it opens a series of cellular gates through which the ions can flow .
This movement of charged ions , when the eel is in a conductive solution like water , creates an electric current .
David LaVan of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Maryland and his colleagues wanted to study the operation of living cell membranes and their proteins .
They began by experimenting on artificial “ protocells ” .
These , like real cells , were surrounded by membranes made of fatty molecules .
Proteins “ floating ” in the membranes would let only certain ions pass .
Using this system , the researchers realised that they might be able to copy the eel 's electricity - generation mechanism .
The team fused two protocells together , so that they shared part of their respective membranes .
They then added a dilute concentration of potassium chloride to one protocell and a more concentrated solution to the other .
The difference in concentrations of potassium and chloride ions would normally cause ions to move from the less concentrated protocell to the more concentrated one .
In this case , however , the membrane between the protocells was too thick to permit much of this kind of movement .
Next , Dr LaVan and his colleagues installed a protein called alpha - hemolysin into the protocell membrane .
This functioned as a selective bridge , permitting the passage of positively charged sodium ions , but not negatively charged chloride ions .
As the selected ions moved in one direction , electrons ( which are negatively charged ) flowed in the opposite direction .
To make use of this electrical current , the team connected tiny electrodes to the protocells .
They report , in Advanced Materials , that by using electrodes made from a material with the same electrical resistance as that experienced by the ions when they cross from one protocell to the other , they were able to sustain a usable current for a useful period of time .
Adding more protocells would increase the battery life .
Dr LaVan reckons that two of his protocells , measuring several centimetres across , could run a portable MP3 player for about 10 hours .
A novel Christmas present , perhaps ?
Church of England target toddlers in desperate bid to reconnect with the youth
Clowning around : The Revd Roly Bain of " The Holy Fools " gives a fun -filled sermon to children in St Albans
The Church of England is to target children as young as two in desperate recruitment drive , it emerged last night .
Senior bishops have privately admitted they are comprehensively failing to connect with teenagers and children .
To reverse the trend , proposals are to be put before the general synod including setting up Church homework clubs , breakfast clubs and sports groups .
Even toddler playgroups will be co-opted to spread the Christian word .
An internal Church of England document seen by The Guardian reads : ' The tragedy is that we appear to be failing even those with whom we have already connected .
' The challenge is how to creatively offer children and young people encounters with the Christian faith and the person of Jesus Christ . '
It adds : ' We need to reconsider how we engage with and express God 's love to this generation of children and young people , whoever and wherever they may be . '
The document , called Going for Growth , will be put before the general synod next year .
It sets out plans to make churches more ' child friendly ' by working in youth clubs and children 's playcentres to re-establish links outside of church .
It also suggests creating a new ' social , moral , spiritual and cultural curriculum ' for further education colleges and recommends linking up with the green cause to try and win over the young .
The document says : ' Contact centres , Sure Start projects , children 's centres and extended schools provisions hold potential for the church to engage with children , young people and families through activities , breakfast and homework clubs , parenting support and sports activities . '
Future : Children as young as two have been targeted in a recruitment drive
The Church of England already sponsors 27 academies with 10 coming next year and 30 more under discussion .
Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , said : ' For most people the church is an irrelevance and it is abusing its privilege by intruding into taxpayer - funded secular places in order to recruit the next generation of churchgoers .
' Parents should not be forced to have their children endure religious proselytising as a captive audience as the price of receiving public service . '
The document will present another headache for Rowan Williams , the archbishop of Canterbury , who is facing a schism within the Church over the issues of women bishops and gay clergy .
The Rev Jan Ainsworth , the Church of England 's chief education officer , said : ' We do not endorse high - pressure techniques , we would not endorse anything that places psychological pressure on someone .
We would endorse ways of interesting children in the Christian faith and the Christian story . '
Glial cells , which help neurons communicate with each other , can leave the central nervous system and cross into the peripheral nervous system to compensate for missing cells , according to new research in the Dec. 2 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
The animal study contributes to researchers ' basic understanding of how the two nervous systems develop and are maintained , which is essential for the effective treatment of diseases such as multiple sclerosis .
The nervous system is divided into the central nervous system ( the brain and spinal cord ) and the peripheral nervous system ( sensory organs , muscles , and glands ) .
A major difference between the systems is that each has its own type of glial cells .
In a healthy body , glial cells are tightly segregated and are n't known to travel between the two systems .
The peripheral nervous system also regenerates more than the central nervous system , due in part to its glial cells -- a characteristic that , if better understood , might be used to improve the regenerative capabilities of the central nervous system .
Glial cells serve nerve cells by insulating them with layers of fats and proteins called myelin .
Myelin coatings are necessary for nerve signals to be transmitted normally ; when the sheaths are lost , disorders involving impairment in sensation , movement and cognition such as multiple sclerosis or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis develop .
Glial cells named oligodendrocytes produce myelin around nerves of the central nervous system , while those named Schwann cells make myelin that insulates peripheral nerves .
This study shows that in the absence of Schwann cells , oligodendrocytes migrate from the central nervous system along motor nerves and form myelin on peripheral nerves , indicating that glial cell movement across the border is controlled by a self - policing mechanism .
" Past studies have hinted that Schwann cells can cross into the central nervous system after peripheral nerves near the border are damaged , or after central nerves lose their myelin sheath , " said Bruce Appel , PhD , of the University of Colorado Denver Anschutz Medical Campus , one of the study 's authors .
" However , migration across the border has never been observed directly , nor was there any evidence that oligodendrocytes can move in the opposite direction . "
The authors used time - lapse video of mutant zebrafish to study the glial cell movement .
Movies of translucent live zebrafish that lacked Schwann cells showed that oligodendrocytes left the central nervous system to wrap peripheral nerves with myelin -- effectively attempting to compensate for the missing Schwann cells .
" This new observation is not only relevant to normal nerve function , but also to potential causes of disease in the peripheral nervous system .
We 're still unsure as to exactly how foreign glial cells interact with the other system .
Do they help heal or do they act as a toxin ? " said Bruce Trapp , PhD , at the Cleveland Clinic , who is unaffiliated with the study .
" Knowing the mechanisms that anatomically restrict peripheral and central nervous system glia could help develop therapies that treat or prevent certain nervous system diseases . "
Appel and his colleagues said that future investigations are needed to determine how different glial cells communicate to restrict their movements between nervous systems , and whether oligodendrocyte myelin can fully substitute for Schwann cell myelin on motor nerves .
The research was supported by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and a zebrafish initiative funded by the Vanderbilt University Academic Venture Capital Fund .
Why would people do that ?
I talked to two of the world 's leading experts on procrastination : Joseph Ferrari , Ph.D. , associate professor of psychology at De Paul University in Chicago , and Timothy Pychyl , Ph.D. , associate professor of psychology at Carleton University in Ottawa , Canada .
Neither one is a procrastinator , and both answered my many questions immediately .
Twenty percent of people identify themselves as chronic procrastinators .
For them procrastination is a lifestyle , albeit a maladaptive one .
And it cuts across all domains of their life .
They do n't pay bills on time .
They miss opportunities for buying tickets to concerts .
They do n't cash gift certificates or checks .
They file income tax returns late .
They leave their Christmas shopping until Christmas eve .
It 's not trivial , although as a culture we do n't take it seriously as a problem .
It represents a profound problem of .
And there may be more of it in the U.S. than in other countries because we are so nice ; we do n't call people on their excuses ( " my grandmother died last week " ) even when we do n't believe them .
Procrastination is not a problem of or of planning .
Procrastinators are not different in their ability to estimate time , although they are more than others .
" Telling someone who procrastinates to buy a weekly planner is like telling someone with chronic to just cheer up , " insists Dr. Ferrari .
Procrastinators are made not born .
Procrastination is learned in the family milieu , but not directly .
It is one response to an authoritarian style .
Having a harsh , controlling father keeps children from developing the ability to regulate themselves , from internalizing their own intentions and then learning to act on them .
Procrastination can even be a form of rebellion , one of the few forms available under such circumstances .
What 's more , under those household conditions , procrastinators turn more to friends than to parents for support , and their friends may reinforce procrastination because they tend to be tolerant of their excuses .
Procrastination predicts higher levels of consumption of among those people who drink .
Procrastinators drink more than they intend to — a manifestation of generalized problems in self - regulation .
That is over and above the effect of avoidant coping styles that underlie procrastination and lead to disengagement via .
Procrastinators tell lies to themselves .
Such as , " I 'll feel more like doing this tomorrow . "
Or " I work best under pressure . "
But in fact they do not get the urge the next day or work best under pressure .
In addition , they protect their sense of self by saying " this is n't important . "
Another big lie procrastinators indulge is that time pressure makes them more creative .
Unfortunately they do not turn out to be more creative ; they only feel that way .
They squander their resources .
Procrastinators actively look for distractions , particularly ones that do n't take a lot of commitment on their part .
Checking e-mail is almost perfect for this purpose .
They distract themselves as a way of regulating their emotions such as of failure .
There 's more than one flavor of procrastination .
People procrastinate for different reasons .
Dr. Ferrari identifies three basic types of procrastinators : arousal types , or thrill - seekers , who wait to the last minute for the euphoric rush .
avoiders , who may be avoiding fear of failure or even fear of success , but in either case are very concerned with what others think of them ; they would rather have others think they lack effort than ability .
decisional procrastinators , who can not make a decision .
Not making a decision absolves procrastinators of responsibility for the outcome of events .
There are big costs to procrastination .
Health is one .
Just over the course of a single academic term , procrastinating college students had such evidence of compromised immune systems as more colds and flu , more gastrointestinal problems .
And they had .
In addition , procrastination has a high cost to others as well as oneself ; it shifts the burden of responsibilities onto others , who become resentful .
Procrastination destroys in the workplace and private relationships .
Procrastinators can change their behavior — but doing so consumes a lot of psychic energy .
And it does n't necessarily mean one feels transformed internally .
It can be done with highly structured .
We just received a letter today from the Field Office of International Rights Advocates ( IRA ) with new evidence linking even more strongly Dole Food Company to the United Self Defense Forces of Colombia ( AUC ) paramilitaries .
The following is an excerpt from this letter urging those involved in the campaign to bring justice to the victims of Dole and Chiquita to step up their efforts .
In addition to shedding light on Dole ’s complicity with the paramilitaries , IRA is asking that the campaign advocates do more to publicize Dole ’s egregious labor rights record in Colombia where an alarming number of union activists were brutally assassinated :
… José Gregorio Mangones Lugo , alias “ Carlos Tijeras , ” who commanded the William Rivas Front of the AUC ’s Northern Block , has provided a sworn statement which sheds new light on the nature of Dole ’s relationship to the AUC paramilitaries .
The William Rivas Front operated in the banana zone and surrounding areas in the Colombian province of Magdalena , until it demobilized in 2006 .
Mangones is currently in jail in Barranquilla , Colombia .
Both Dole and Chiquita have for many years exported bananas from this area .
To read an English translation of the affidavit , click here .
In the affidavit , Mangones , who has already confessed to hundreds of murders as part of the “ Justice and Peace ” process in Colombia , asserts not only that both Dole and Chiquita regularly paid money to the AUC , but that they did so in return for certain “ services , ” including the murder of unionized banana workers and others who it was suspected could potentially interfere with the two companies ’ profitable operations .
Though Chiquita confessed to criminal charges that it violated U.S. anti-terrorism laws , the company has claimed that it was a victim of extortion .
Dole , for its part , has denied ever making payments to the AUC .
The new revelations by Mangones will make it more difficult for Dole to deny the truth , and for Chiquita to continue portraying itself as a victim .
International Rights Advocates and the Conrad & Scherer law firm have filed civil lawsuits against both Dole and Chiquita , representing the heirs of approximately 2,000 victims of the AUC in Magdalena and adjacent provinces .
The lawsuits can be viewed at ( Dole ) and ( Chiquita ) .
Given that the Magdalena banana zone was the William Rivas Front ’s primary area of operation , one of the Front ’s “ main functions … was to provide security for the banana plantations , ” according to Mangones .
“ The income that the William Rivas Front received from Chiquita and Dole was essential to our operation .
In a normal month , 80 % to 90 % of the income for the William Rivas Front came from the banana companies . ”
“ The AUC even had an open public relationship with the heads of the plantations , whether it be Dole or Chiquita .
The AUC moved like fish in water in the banana plantations , because we liberated the banana zone in northern Magdalena [ from the FARC guerrillas ] and had military control of the territory . ”
As part of its provision of security to the banana companies , the AUC “ guarded the plantations and trucks that carried fruit to the port so that they were not attacked by the guerillas , looted , or robbed by common delinquents , protected their managers , assets , and employees and we made sure that the workers and unions collaborated with the company and would not demand unjust or exaggerated labor claims or be manipulated to carry out banana strikes . ”
Not all employees were protected , though : “ My men were contacted on a regular basis by Chiquita or Dole administrators to respond to a criminal act or address some other problems .
We would also get calls from the Chiquita and Dole plantations identifying specific people as ‘ security problems ’ or just ‘ problems . ’
Everyone knew that this meant we were to execute the identified person .
In most cases those executed were union leaders or members or individuals seeking to hold or reclaim land that Dole or Chiquita wanted for banana cultivation , and the Dole or Chiquita administrators would report to the AUC that these individuals were suspected guerillas or criminals . ”
Mangones has provided especially chilling details of Dole ’s responsibility for murders in Magdalena : he lists the names of 16 of his victims whom , he states , the AUC murdered because Dole “ managers , administrators , supervisors or plantation heads ” fingered them as guerrilla “ collaborators ” or “ militiamen . ”
These 16 are just “ a few of the most representative ” among “ countless examples . ”
Among the victims were Dole employees , some of them members of SINTRAINAGRO , the banana and agricultural workers ’ union .
Some other victims listed were members of a peasant association that had invaded land that Dole wanted for banana production .
After listing the names of the victims and the places / dates of their extra-judicial executions , Mangones adds , “ As I stated earlier , most of the work of the William Rivas Front in the Zona Bananera was on behalf of Chiquita or Dole .
Likewise , a large number of the executions we performed can be linked directly to either Dole or Chiquita or both companies . ”
Another crucial “ service ” involved “ pacifying ” the Magdalena section of the SINTRAINAGRO trade union .
In the Urabá region of Antioquia province , Colombia ’s larger banana zone , by the mid 1990s SINTRAINAGRO ’s came to be firmly controlled by former EPL guerrillas who demobilized in 1991 , and then entered into a strategic alliance with banana growers and the paramilitaries against the Left .
But the leadership of the Magdalena section of SINTRAINAGRO remained more politically diverse until the AUC violently imposed its control in 2001 .
According to Mangones , “ We also helped Chiquita and Dole by pacifying the labor union that represented banana workers in the [ Magdalena ] region .
When I became Commander of the William Rivas Front , the union that represented banana workers was SINTRAINAGRO .
This was an aggressive , leftist union .
I believe they were sympathetic to the FARC .
I directed the execution of SINTRAINAGRO ’s leftist President , Jose Guette Montero .
On January 24 , 2001 , in Cienaga , near the Olympic supermarket , between 17th Street and 18th Street , we shot Jose Guette Montero and killed him .
I then installed Robinson Olivero as President of the union , and to this day , the leaders of SINTRAINAGRO are people the AUC has approved .
Once we put our people in charge of SINTRAINAGRO , the union paid me 10 % of the union dues it collected on a monthly basis .
This union represented workers for both the Dole and Chiquita plantations . ”
For more information about these lawsuits , contact International Rights Advocates .
We 'll just come out and say it : this is so awesome .
In fact , if you want to just take our word for it , skip the copy and head straight to the video after the break -- you really only need to watch the first four or so minutes ...
Still here ?
Alright then .
The shiny cube comes straight from Espoo and houses a N900 , but the only way to get into the box is to plug it into a computer , establish a link , and then type in the right terminal command to unlock the lid ( spoiler : it 's company motto " connecting people " -- how clever ) in addition to -- poof -- smoke !
( Our favorite part . )
Given the technical prerequisites , our guess is this has something to do with Nokia 's the hack - centric " Push " program , but really that 's just a guess .
Like we said , video after the break , and if you opt to watch past the first couple minutes , you 'll get to see a plastic fox .
Trust us .
Our planet is like a gigantic concert with each living being playing in harmony for its beating heart .
We can lead sustainable lives while having fun !
So this piece of music is for us to individually join the movement and GIVEUP to give back to nature .
This is our voice for our planet .
Ricky Kej Grammy Award Winning Composer
British newspaper
The Daily Telegraph has uncovered that in the twelve - month period ending September 2009 , the sale of video games has exceeded that of movies in the UK .
The research was conducted by market - research organization GfK SE and found that in the United Kingdom , roughly £ 1.73 billion was spent on video games , equalling roughly $ 2.79 billion .
In comparison , the organization also estimated that disc sales for movies equalled roughly £ 200 million ( $ 322 million ) while the box office created a revenue of approximately one billion GBP , or $ 1.61 billion .
Tom Watson , a British politician stated this was a clear sign that the industry has reached a mature stage , but added that “ [ l ] ike anything digital , Parliament has a very narrow view of video games .
Too many politicians think video games are played by teenage boys staying up all night shooting things in their bedroom , and yes there are plenty of those , but there also a huge range of people of many different ages who love playing games . ”
Criticizing the way politicians often respond to gaming ‘ controversies ’ such as “ the Airport Level ” in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 and the way video game - violence is generally portrayed by the media , he added “ yes , let ’s have a debate about unpleasant content in video games , but do n’t beat up on the whole industry . ”
Hong Kong police say they were investigating a fifth acid attack in a year after six people were injured by a bottle of corrosive liquid in a bustling shopping district .
The plastic bottle was hurled in Causeway Bay on Saturday , one of the city 's busiest areas , around 10 pm ( 1 am today , Australian time ) , a police spokeswoman told AFP .
Five women and a man suffered burns and were sent to hospital for treatment .
One of the women 's face and chest were badly injured , with burns covering nearly 20 percent of her body .
Causeway Bay was packed on Saturday night with people celebrating the Hong Kong football team 's shock victory over Japan in the East Asian Games final at a nearby stadium .
Detectives are investigating but " it remains unclear whether the case is linked to the previous acid attacks " , the spokeswoman said .
I knew this was bound to happen sooner or later , but it 's wrong .
From the iTunes description .
" If you love pussy , this application is for you .
Each and every pussy is more and more tight and super tempting . "
Really ?
Advertisement
Of course not .
They are just two apps loaded with photos of the other kind of tits , boobies , and pussies :
Advertisement
Still , I find it ironic that Apple censored the app titles to " T**s and Boobies " and " P***y Lovers " , yet allowed the icons to say exactly that , and the descriptions to be like the one above or this one :
These tits and boobies are wide exposed and open to nature .
You can see them as God intended to be viewed in their real forms .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I wonder how many people will fall into the trap and buy these apps .
Oh , wait , you jumped to see the article , did n't you ?
DIDN'T YOU ? [ Krapps ]
The crew of the New Zealand trimaran harassing Japanese whalers in the Southern Ocean had to be rescued after their boat was rammed and sunk by a Japanese ship , anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says .
The confrontation is thought to have happened early today in the area of Commonwealth Bay off the Adelie Coast of Antarctica .
The former Earthrace boat - now known as the Ady Gil - was captained by Aucklander Pete Bethune and had four other New Zealanders and a Dutchman crewing it .
Mr Bethune said before his departure he would not follow previous Sea Shepherd tactics and try to ram Japanese whalers .
Sea Shepherd leader Paul Watson told theage.com .au the Ady Gill had been cut in half by the Japanese whaler acting as a security vessel for the Japanese fleet .
The $ 1.5 million high - tech vessel 's remains were sinking , but its six - man crew had been rescued and was uninjured , Mr Watson told The Age .
He said it was idling in waters near Commonwealth Bay when it was suddenly approached and rammed by the Japanese ship Shonan Maru .
Earlier in the day the fleet was contacted for the first time by the Ady Gil and Sea Shepherd 's third vessel , the Bob Barker .
Mr Watson , aboard the society 's bigger , but slower ship Steve Irwin , said he was still 500 nautical miles from the scene .
" This seriously escalates the whole situation , " he said of the collision .
The Institute of Cetacean Research , which has previously fronted for the whalers , claimed the Ady Gil 's crew were launching projectiles at a ship in the fleet , the Nisshin Maru , and attempted to entangle its propellers with rope .
" The research - base vessel Nisshin Maru , currently engaged in the Japanese whale research programme in the Antarctic ... was subject to attack today for about two hours by the New Zealand - registered watercraft Ady Gil , " the institute said .
" In a manner similar to their 23 December attack on the Shonan Maru No. 2 , at about ( 7 am NZDT ) the Ady Gil came to collision distance directly in front of the Nisshin Maru bow repeatedly deploying and towing a rope from its stern with the intent to entangle the Japanese vessel 's rudder and propeller . "
It said the crew of the New Zealand boat were also shining a green laser light and launching stinkbombs that smelled of rancid butter .
The Nisshin Maru started its water cannons " and proceeded to prevent the Ady Gil coming closer " .
The institute claimed the activists ' actions were " nothing but felonious behaviour " and potentially threatened the safety of Japanese sailors .
" In addition , their repeated deploying and abandonment of ropes designed to entangle the propeller of our navigating vessels ultimately ends up litter spoiling the Antarctic marine environment . "
Japanese whalers have stepped up security this year , sending spy flights from Australian airports to track protest ships .
The Hobart flights were paid for by Wellington - based Omeka Communications , air industry sources said .
Omeka is a public relations firm retained by Japan 's Institute of Cetacean Research .
The Hobart flights carried Omeka 's principal , Glenn Inwood , who is an institute spokesman , and another man , the sources said .
The operation started in December when the Steve Irwin left Fremantle to intercept the whaling fleet , which this year is targeting 935 minke whales and 50 fin whales .
Western Australian pilots said surveillance flights continued out of Albany for some days , costing a ' ' truckload ' ' of money .
Two men aboard the flights told locals they were '' looking for people who were looking for whales ' ' .
FACTS ON THE ADY GIL
Top speed : 40 knots ( 74 kmh )
Cruising speed : 20 knots ( 37 km / h )
Range : Halfway around the world - 20,000 km
Cost : Estimated $ 1 million
Length : 24 metres
Weight : 16 tonnes
Construction : Carbon fibre foam sandwich with kevlar armour .
File this one under " Law of Unintended Consequences " and hope to God someone brings this to the attention of the relevant parties :
Where are the chips falling , so to speak , when it comes to the popular State Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) ?
The press ought to be finding out , and fast .
Last week , the Children ’s Defense Fund sent me an invitation for an informational call discussing SCHIP ’s future : “ If the Senate does n’t take a stand for children in the next days or weeks , our worst fears could clearly come to pass . ”
The dire - sounding invite piqued my interest , especially since I had read in the House bill that SCHIP would be repealed .
What was going on ?
It turns out that the House indeed wants to repeal the program and require kids to get coverage via the insurance exchange , the government ’s soon - to - be gigantic brokerage service .
Their parents , of course , would be getting subsidies to help buy coverage , courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer .
Rep. John Dingell , a Democrat no less , touted the advantages of dumping SCHIP .
One advantage : the program would n’t be subject to the periodic and occasionally problematic Congressional reauthorizations that threaten its existence .
Dingell said kids could have the same insurance as their parents — an incentive to force parents to cover their kids .
( Sometimes parents , daunted by bureaucratic red tape , do n’t enroll their children even if they are eligible . )
Another reason for killing SCHIP , some believe , is to force kids into the new exchange ’s risk pool .
Kids are usually healthy ; bringing them into the pool may help spread the risk and keep premiums somewhat lower for the sick people whom insurers would have to cover .
But in return , kids would be hurt , says Alison Buist , director of child health at the Children ’s Defense Fund .
She told me that if the House provision were to take effect , kids might lose some valuable and comprehensive benefits now available to kids on Medicaid and SCHIP .
If parents , strapped for cash , had to shop in the exchange , they might choose low - cost insurance with skimpy benefits and pay more out - of - pocket than SCHIP currently requires them to pay .
SCHIP rules limit a family ’s out - of - pocket costs to five percent of their income .
States do n’t even impose the five percent , Buist said , because they have found parents with low incomes could n’t pay that much .
So it seems that there ’s a cost shift here — making poor families pay more so that sick ( and most likely older ) people buying in the exchange would pay less .
Protest in Seattle , 1999 .
By Patrick Bond
December 1 , 2009 -- Preparations for the December 7 - 18 Copenhagen climate summit are going as expected , including a rare sighting of the African elites ' stiffened spines .
That 's a great development ( maybe decisive ) , more about that below .
While activists help raise the temperature on the streets outside the Bella Centre on December 12 , 13 and 16 , inside we will see global North elites defensively armed with pathetic non-binding carbon emissions cuts ( US President Barack Obama 's promise is a mere 4 % below 1990 levels ) and carbon trading , but without offering the money to repay the North 's ecological debt to the global South .
The first and third of these are lamentable enough , the second is the most serious diversion from the crucial work of cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
A nine - minute film launched on the internet on December 1 , The Story of Cap and Trade , gives all the ammunition climate activists need to understand and critique emissions trading , and to seek genuine solutions .
Another important diversion emerged on November 20 , when hackers published embarrassing emails from the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) Climate Research Unit .
What I 've understood from http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/georgemonbiot/2009/nov/25/monbiot-climate-leak-crisis-response and http://enviroknow.com/2009/11/25/climategate-the-swifthack-scandal-what-you-need-to-know is roughly this :
The UEA researchers were silly egocentric , ultracompetitive academics who were at times sloppy -- an occupational hazard true of most of us -- only in this case there is a huge amount at stake so their silliness is massively amplified .
But a few academics who are silly about their work ethos do not reverse the universal understanding that scientists have regarding climate change .
People who want to distract the world from getting to the root of the climate crisis may well have a field day with the UEA emails scandal , which should in turn compel the rest of us to redouble our efforts to achieve real action to stop climate change
The unapologetic UEA researcher Phil Jones seems to think that because climate denialists have been a pain in the arse ( since 2001 ) , it was ok to hide scientific data ( paid for by taxpayers ) , and to avoid wasting valuable time addressing the loonies ' arguments : " Initially at the beginning I did try to respond to them in the hope I might convince them but I soon realised it was a forlorn hope and broke off communication . "
Hucksters for status quo
Where I live , Durban in South Africa , we 've had dreadful experiences with two kinds of life - threatening denialisms : apartheid and AIDS .
Dating back many decades , apartheid - denialists insisted that black South Africans had it better than anywhere else in Africa , that anti-apartheid sanctions would only hurt blacks and not foster change , and that if blacks took over the government it would be the ruination of South Africa , with whites having all their wealth expropriated etc .
From around 1999 - 2003 , AIDS denialists very vocally insisted that HIV and AIDS were not related , that AIDS medicines were toxic and would do no good , and that the activists ' lobby for the medicines was merely a front for the CIA and the big pharmaceutical corporations ( denialist - in - chief Thabo Mbeki is now being widely cited for genocide involving 350,000 unnecessary deaths due to his presidency 's withholding of AIDS medicines ) .
In both cases , as with human - induced climate change , the denialists ' role was to entrench the status quo forces of state and capital .
They were , simply , hucksters for vested interests .
In both cases they were defeated , thanks to vigorous social activism :
During the 1980s , the United Democratic Front , the African National Congress and other liberation forces found that the aparthied denialists ' main damage was in opposing pressure for sanctions and disinvestment to be taken against the racist South African regime .
So we intensified our efforts and by August 1985 won the necessary breakthrough when New York banks withdrew lines of credit to Pretoria , thus forcing a split between Afrikaner state rulers and white english - speaking capitalists .
Within a few days , the latter travelled to Lusaka to meet the exiled ANC leadership , and then over the next eight years helped shake loose Afrikaner nationalism 's hold on the state , and indeed today in South Africa you will search long and hard to find a white person who admits they ever defended apartheid .
The Treatment Action Campaign found that a mix of local and internationalist activism was sufficiently strong to pry open Big Pharma 's monopoly on intellectual property rights and also overthrow opposition by the US and South African governments , a story worth revisiting in more detail in below .
In short , by 2003 , the coterie of AIDS denialists surrounding Mbeki lost to street heat , ridicule and legal critique , so today nearly 800,000 South Africans and millions more elsewhere have access to AIDS medicines .
We 'll look back at the climate denialists and judge them as merely a momentary quirk in human rationality , ultimately not in the least influential .
The real danger comes from fossil fuel firms which , like big tobacco corporations decades ago , know full well the lethal potential of their products .
Their objective is to place a grain of doubt in our minds , and for that climate denialists are rather useful .
The fossil fuel firms -- especially BP , Shell , Chevron and ExxonMobil -- not only fund denialist think tanks and ``astroturf '' outfits , such as the Global Climate Coalition ( i.e. fake green groups ) .
They support members of the US Congress -- such as Rick Boucher from Virginia -- who energetically sabotage legislation aimed at capping emissions ( Congress ' offsets , carbon trading and other distraction gimmicks mean there will be no net US cuts until the late 2030s ) .
They also work with mainstream ``green '' groups -- the World Wide Fund for Nature comes to mind -- to halt environmental progress .
These corporations are far more insidious than the email hackers .
I hope we are n't further distracted by the UEA affair and that this is a quickly forgotten little episode of dirty academic laundry meant for the dustbin of our sloppy movement where it belongs , so we can make the movement stronger , more transparent , more rigorous , more democratic and much more militant in trying to defeat the fossil fuel industry .
Seattle , 1999
One way to do so is to flash back to Seattle a decade ago , when the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) mobilisations on November 30 , 1999 , taught civil society activists and African leaders two powerful lessons .
Veteran anti-apartheid and social justice activist comrade Dennis Brutus from South Africa -- who turned 85 years old on November 28 -- reminded us of two lessons from one of the most eventful weeks in his amazing life .
Dennis Brutus .
First , working together , African and global South leaders and activists have the power to disrupt a system of global governance that meets the global North 's short - term interests against both the global South and the longer - term interests of the world 's people and the planet .
Second , in the very act of disrupting global malgovernance , major concessions can be won .
Spectacular protests against the WTO summit 's opening ceremony is what most recall about Seattle , 1999 : activists ``locking down '' to prevent delegates entering the conference centre , a barrage of tear gas and pepper spray from hundreds of riot cops , a sea of broken windows and a municipal police force later prosecuted for violating US citizens ' most basic civil liberties .
( See David and Rebecca Solnit 's excellent new book , The Battle of the Story of the Battle of Seattle . )
That was outside the convention centre .
Inside , when negotiations belatedly got underway , African leaders quickly grew worried that further trade liberalisation would damage their tiny industrial sectors .
The damage was well recognised , as even establishment research revealed Africa would be the continent to suffer the worst net losses from corporate - dominated free trade .
The US trade representative , Charlene Barchefsky , repeatedly insulted African elites who raised this point .
With the exception of South African trade minister Alec Erwin , who enjoyed an insider role to promote South Africa 's self - interest , delegations from the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU , since renamed the African Union ) were soon furious .
As OAU deputy director general V.J. McKeen recalled : " They went out to a dinner in a bus , and then were left out in the cold to walk back ...
When we went into the room for our African group meeting , I mean , there was no interpretation provided ... so one had to improvise .
And then even the microphone facilities were switched off . "
Tetteh Hormeku , from the African Trade Network of progressive civil society groups , picks up the story : " By the second day of the formal negotiations , the African and other developing - country delegates had found themselves totally marginalised ... [ and threatened ] to withdraw the consensus required to reach a conclusion of the conference .
By this time , even the Americans and their supporters in the WTO secretariat must have woken up to the futility of their ' rough tactics ' . "
AIDS campaign
By walking out , the Africans ' strong willpower earned major concessions in the next WTO summit , in Doha , in November 2001 .
At the same time as the global justice movement began widening into an anti-imperialist movement in the wake of the USA 's post - 9/11 remilitarisation , African activists delved deeper into extreme local challenges , such as combating AIDS .
In Doha , African elites joined forces with activists again .
On this occasion , the positive catalyst was a South African government law -- the 1997 Medicines Act -- which permitted the state 's compulsory licensing of patented drugs .
In 1998 , the Treatment Action Campaign ( http://www.tac.org.za) was launched to lobby for AIDS drugs , which a decade ago were prohibitively expensive -- US $ 15,000 per person per year -- for nearly all South Africa 's HIV - positive people ( roughly 10 % of the population ) .
That campaign was immediately confronted by the US State Department 's attack on South Africa 's Medicines Act , a " full court press " , as bureaucrats testified to the US Congress .
The US elites ' aim was to protect ``intellectual property rights '' and halt the emergence of a parallel inexpensive supply of AIDS medicines that would undermine lucrative Western markets .
US vice - president Al Gore directly intervened with South African government leaders in 1998 - 99 , aiming to revoke the Medicines Act .
Then in mid-1999 , Gore launched his presidential election bid , a campaign generously funded by big pharmaceutical corporations , which that year provided $ 2.3 million to the Democratic Party .
In solidarity with the South Africans , the US AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power ( ACTUP ) began protesting at Gore 's campaign events in New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Tennessee .
The demos soon threatened to cost Gore far more in adverse publicity than he was raising in Big Pharma contributions , so he changed sides .
As pressure built , even during the reign of president George W. Bush and his repressive trade representative Robert Zoellick ( now World Bank president ) , the WTO 's Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights system was amended at Doha in late 2001 to permit generic drugs to be used in medical emergencies .
This was a huge victory for Africa , removing any rationale to continue to deny life - saving medicines to the world 's poorest people .
In 2003 , with another dreadful WTO deal on the table in Cancun and 30,000 protesters outside , once again the African leadership withdrew from the consensus , wrecking the plans of the US and Europe for further liberalisation .
The WTO has still not recovered .
Main lesson
These are the precedents required to overcome the three huge challenges the North faces in Copenhagen : 2020 greenhouse gas emissions cuts of at least 45 % ( from 1990 levels ) through a binding international agreement ; the decommissioning of carbon markets and offset gimmicks ; and payment on the vast ecological debt owed to victims of climate change .
Realistically , the adverse balance of forces currently prevailing will not permit victories on even one , much less all three .
What response is logical ?
In Barcelona , in early November , African negotiators boycotted the pre-Copenhagen talks , making good on African Union leader Meles Zenawi's September threat , because the North had put so little on the negotiating table .
Indeed , that is the main lesson from Seattle : by walking out -- alongside mass action by civil society protesters -- and halting a bad deal in Copenhagen on December 18 , we can together pave the way for subsequent progress .
Two years after Seattle 's failure , progress was won through African access to life - saving medicines .
We must ensure it does n't take two years after Copenhagen 's failure for Africa to get access to life - saving greenhouse gas emissions cuts and to climate debt repayment , alongside the demise of carbon trading -- but those are surely the battles just ahead .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society .
A version of this article was originally a ZNet commentary .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Patrick Bond 's permission . ]
Obama tells US banks to lend more and not oppose reform
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has told bankers to increase loans to small and medium - size businesses .
The president was speaking after a meeting - which he described as " candid " - with executives of some of America 's top banks .
President Obama said US banks had received extraordinary assistance and demanded they show extraordinary commitment to rebuild the US economy .
He also warned their lobbyists not to block moves for regulatory reform .
Monday 's meeting with executives from Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup , among others , came a day after the president said he had not run for office to help out " a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street " .
I urged these institutions here today to go back and take a third and fourth look about how they are operating
Barack Obama
In comments to reporters at the White House after Monday 's talks , Mr Obama said : " America 's banks received extraordinary assistance from American taxpayers to rebuild their industry , and now that they 're back on their feet , we expect an extraordinary commitment from them to help rebuild our economy . "
He urged bankers to " explore every responsible way " to boost lending and to " take a third and fourth look " at loan applications from small and medium - sized businesses .
He said he was " getting too many letters " from creditworthy small businesses saying banks they have had long - term relationships are reluctant to give them loans .
Microscope Speaking after the meeting , US Bancorp chief executive Richard Davis said he and his colleagues realised they were " under the microscope " to show they were doing a better job of listening to customers .
Many US citizens are angry the banking industry was granted a $ 700 bn ( £ 430 bn ) bail - out .
The Obama administration has said the rescue was needed to stem the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s and head off a potentially greater calamity in the broader economy .
The meeting came as Citigroup announced it was ready to pay back an emergency loan of $ 20bn to the US government earlier than expected .
Wells Fargo , another leading bank , said it too had struck a deal to repay $ 25 bn in government aid it received last year .
The BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington says this may be a sign of the banking sector 's recovery - but also a sign of how the banks want to shed government influence over their affairs .
Mr Obama also criticised lobbyists for trying to stall his administration 's reform of the financial services sector .
He warned if they were " willing to fight common - sense consumer protection , that 's a fight I 'm willing to have " .
Last week the US House of Representatives approved its version of the financial regulatory reform legislation .
But before the bill can become law , it will also need approval from the Senate .
It includes a plan to give regulators the power to dismantle businesses that threaten the economy in a way that ensures shareholders and unsecured creditors , not taxpayers , bear the losses .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PSGI / Plack
Superglue interface between perl web application frameworks and web servers , just like Perl is the duct tape of the internet .
PSGI is an interface between Perl web applications and web servers , and Plack is a Perl module and toolkit that contains PSGI middleware , helpers and adapters to web servers .
PSGI and Plack are inspired by Python 's WSGI and Ruby 's Rack .
Documentation
Get Started
Install cpanminus and then run the following command to install Plack and utility modules .
$ cpanm Plack
What People Say
" I love this ...
I think it 's exactly the right answer to what I was looking for , for a really simple webapp . "
- Benjamin Trott , CTO and Co-founder of Six Apart
" Wow , this is nothing short of awesome .
A big ++ to the entire PSGI / Plack team ! "
- Stevan Little , Infinity Interactive , Moose author
" This is something we 've needed for a long time : a clean and simple way to respond to HTTP requests without the cruft of CGI "
- Yuval Kogman , Infinity Interactive , KiokuDB developer
" PSGI ( is ) an absurdly simple , manifestly beautiful specification for an interface between Perl web apps and web servers . "
- Patrick Donelan , WebGUI developer
" Thanks for including us !
We 're very excited about a future where we do n't have to worry about web server support "
- Jonathan Swartz , Mason author
" Today , I finished a sizable project to upgrade almost all of our web stuff to run on Plack .
Having done that , everything is better ! "
- Ricardo Signes , Perl 5 Pumpking
" I \N{HEAVY BLACK HEART} PSGI . "
- Simon Cozens , the author of Advanced Perl Programming
" miyagawa + + # fucking awesome "
- Matt S Trout , Shadowcat Systems , Catalyst and DBIx :: Class developer
Repositories
Servers
Plack ( web server adapters )
Plack core includes a CGI runner ( for running any PSGI application as a CGI script ) , a FastCGI daemon and mod_perl handlers for Apache1 and 2 .
HTTP :: Server :: PSGI HTTP :: Server :: PSGI is a reference PSGI standalone web server implementation and is included in the Plack core distribution .
HTTP :: Server :: Simple :: PSGI HTTP :: Server :: Simple :: PSGI is based on HTTP :: Server : : Simple and has zero dependency other than HTTP :: Server : : Simple , which itself does n't have any dependencies .
This is best for embedding to build a standalone web server or dependency free frameworks .
Starman Starman is a high - performance , preforking and PSGI compatible HTTP server that has unique features such as HTTP / 1.1 support , multiple interfaces support including UNIX domain sockets , graceful restarts and dynamic worker pool configuration via signals .
Twiggy Twiggy is an AnyEvent based non-blocking ( asynchronous ) and lightweight PSGI web server .
Best to run AnyEvent based web applications to implement long - poll , server push or WebSockets etc. , such as the one built on top of the Tatsumaki framework .
Corona Corona is a Coro based PSGI web server that supports coroutines ( cooperative threads ) for each socket and clients .
Best to use with AnyEvent or Coro friendly non-blocking web applications such as Continuity or Tatsumaki framework Feersum Feersum is an HTTP server built on EV / libev .
Feersum uses a single - threaded , event - based programming architecture to scale and can handle many concurrent connections efficiently in both CPU and RAM .
Starlet Kazuho Oku's Starlet is based on the reference HTTP :: Server : : PSGI web server but adds a support for preforking , graceful restarts , shutdown and hot deploy via Server : : Starter .
Gazelle Gazelle is based on Starlet , but has added a lot of performance optimizations using C/ XS - based modules as well as new Linux features such as accept4 or writev .
Arriba Arriba is a preforking PSGI HTTP server based on Starman with added support for the SPDY protocol .
Misc. HTTP server adapters
There are many Perl web servers and adapters on CPAN and Plack handlers for them , to run PSGI applications on FCGI ::EV , AnyEvent : : FCGI , Danga : : Socket , AnyEvent : : HTTPD , SCGI , AnyEvent : : SCGI and POE .
They are available as separate distributions .
ReverseHTTP ReverseHTTP
server allows you to run a PSGI application on your desktop or inside the firewall but allows external access via reversehttp.
net gateway .
uWSGI uWSGI is a C based developer friendly WSGI server .
From the 0.9.5 release it include a plugin technology to add support for other languages , which includes an embedded PSGI handler .
mod_psgi mod_psgi is an Apache2 module that runs PSGI applications using an embedded Perl interpreter .
Developed by Jiro Nishiguchi evpsgi evpsgi is an evhttp based http server that runs PSGI applications with the embedded Perl interpreter .
Developed by Masayoshi Sekimura Perlbal Perlbal : : Plugin:: PSGI allows you to run PSGI applications on Perlbal .
Note that because Perlbal runs in a non-blocking event loop ( Danga : : Socket ) , your application is also not supposed to block .
If your application blocks ( with database acesss or network I/O ) , do not use this plugin and instead run your PSGI application with the prefork Plack server and reverse proxy to the backend as usual .
nginx embedded perl Kazuhiro Osawa 's nginx patches allows you to run PSGI applications on a Perl interpreter embedded inside nginx .
This patch is considered highly experimental and not recommended for the production use .
You 're recommended to run your ( possibly blocking ) PSGI application with prefork / fastcgi servers and put nginx in front , and in that case you do n't need this patch .
Frameworks
November 23 , 2015 Luxury House Design , Modern House Design
Designed by Pete Bossley Architects .
This luxury house with many facilities such us swimming pool , tennis court , and large yard with green gross and palm tree .
Extremely sculptural the house incorporates exciting changes in spatial volumes , forms and massing .
The limited palette of colors and materials ensures coherency and allows the house to come to life with the impact of natural and artificial light .
Water is a continuing theme which starts at the Main Entry pools and reappears as a cascade falling from swimming pool toward tennis court and continues as a dramatic sculpture / fountain addressing the street .
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects
For further detail visit St Heliers House , Luxury House Design by Pete Bossley Architects .
Walter Long was a writer and he was my grandfather .
He was courteous , charming , chivalrous , handsome , well - spoken , well - shaven , well - dressed , and completely senile .
His mental decline began when I was a girl .
In the end he did n’t know me , and he did n’t know his own son , my father .
He was born in 1884 .
He wrote for four or five decades until , starting sometime in the 1950s , dementia destroyed his writing process .
We have a photo of Granddad writing with a dip pen at a slant - top writing table .
He was a tall , thin man with a high forehead and a classic , almost Grecian , nose .
He was a metropolitan reporter for Philadelphia ’s leading newspaper , The Philadelphia Bulletin , before the era of regular bylines .
What remains of his five decades of reportage ?
Nothing .
His words have been obliterated , eradicated , annihilated .
And what do we know about his brain ?
About his neurons , or ex-neurons ?
Almost nothing .
Before me , my grandfather was the writer in the family .
This abecedarium is dedicated to him .
To his memory .
— A—
Alphabets are an awe - inspiring invention of the Homo sapiens brain .
Consider these sound symbols lining up before your eyes .
Our 26 letters can create in English one to two million words .
( The range has to do with what you consider a word .
Are brain and brainy the same word ? )
Where in our brain do we keep our ABCs ?
How does our brain provide us with the use of alphabetic characters without thought ?
I am handwriting this sentence in my writer ’s notebook .
The letters flow out of my pen as if they were a fluid flowing from my fingertips rather like sweat .
Nothing for which I really have to use my brain .
—B—
My brain boggles my mind .
Its mystery .
Its moody monologue .
I walk down Bagley Avenue this fine April day .
The Seattle sky is blue .
The Brain , wrote Emily Dickinson , is wider than the Sky , since it contains both Sky and You .
My own brain contains this blue sky plus six cherry trees in full bloom .
Plus the memory of my granddad ’s face .
Plus bungalow yards and rock gardens bright with tulips , violets , camellias , and azaleas .
The passing scene enters my eyes in the form of light waves .
Neurons in my retina convert these light waves into electrical impulses that travel farther back into my brain .
Our brain contains 100 billion neurons ( nerve cells ) .
Our gray matter .
Each neuron has an axon — a little arm — that transmits information in the form of electrical impulses to the dendrites — receivers — of nearby neurons .
Dendrites branch twig - like from each neuron .
Between axon and dendrite , the synapse is the point of connection .
Axons commune with dendrites across the synaptic gap .
When neurons “ fire , ” they emit a rat - a - tat - tat of electrical pulses that travel down the axon and arrive at its terminal endings , which secrete from tiny pockets a neurotransmitter ( dopamine , say , or serotonin ) .
The neuro­transmitter ferries the message across the synaptic abyss and binds to the synapse , whereupon the synapse converts it back into an electrical pulse . . .
What blows my mind is this : a single neuron can make between 1,000 and 10,000 connections .
At this moment our neurons are making , it could be , a million billion connections .
What this electrical / chemical transaction gives us is culture : nail polish , Poland , comic books .
Otis Redding belting out “ Try a Little Tenderness ” at the 1967 Monterey International Pop Music Festival , along with its memory , its YouTube reenactment , its recordings and coverings and remixings , its moment in history .
The geography of the brain ought to be taught in school , like the countries of the world .
The deeply folded cortex forms the outer layer .
There are the twin hemispheres , right brain and left brain .
( We may be of two minds . )
There are the four lobes : frontal in front , occipital ( visual cortex ) in back , parietal ( motor cortex ) on top , and temporal behind the ears .
There ’s the limbic system ( seat of emotion and memory ) at the center .
There ’s the brain stem , whose structures keep us awake ( required for consciousness ) or put us to sleep ( required for regeneration of neurotransmitters ) .
The brain also has glial cells , white matter .
Glial cells surround and support neurons , carry nutrients to neurons , and eat dead neurons .
Some glial cells regulate transmission and pulverize post - transmission neurotransmitters .
Others produce myelin , which surrounds and protects axons .
Glial cells are no longer thought to be mere glue .
When stimulated , they make , not electricity as neurons do , but waves of calcium atoms .
They also produce neurotransmitters — glutamate ( excitatory ) and adenosine ( inhibitory ) .
We may not know what they are up to , but we know they ’re up to something .
So there you have the brain : a three - pound bagful of neurons , electrical pulses , chemical messengers , glial cells .
There , too , you have the biological basis of the mind .
“ Anything can happen , ” says the poet C. D. Wright , “ in the strange cities of the mind . ”
And whatever does happen — any thought , mood , song , perception , delusion — is provided to us by this throbbing sack of cells and cerebral substances .
But what , then , is consciousness ?
—C—
Consciousness , according to neuroscientists Francis Crick and Christof Koch , is “ attention times working memory . ”
“ Working memory ” being the type of memory that holds online whatever you are attending to right now .
Add to “ attention times working memory ” a third element of consciousness — the sense of self , the sense of “ I ” as distinct from the object of perception .
If I am conscious of something , I “ know ” it .
I am “ aware ” of it .
As neurobiologist António Damásio puts it in The Feeling of What Happens , “ Consciousness goes beyond being awake and attentive : it requires an inner sense of the self in the act of knowing . ”
( It also requires the neurotransmitter acetylcholine . )
There is another theory of consciousness , the quantum physics theory of consciousness , in which quarks , a fundamental particle , have proto­consciousness .
This theory is said to have an aggregation problem — how would zillions of protoconscious particles make a conscious being ?
It puts consciousness outside life forms and into moonrocks and spoons .
I will leave that theory right here .
In dreamless sleep , we are not conscious .
Under anesthesia , we are not conscious .
Walking down the street in a daze , we are barely conscious .
Consciousness may involve what neuroscientist Jean - Pierre Changeux postulates is a “ global workspace ” — a metaphorical space of thought , feeling , and attention .
He thinks it ’s created by the firing of batches of neurons originating in the brain stem whose extra-long axons fan up and down the brain and back and forth through both hemispheres , connecting reciprocally with neurons in the thalamus ( sensory relay station ) and in the cerebral cortex .
These neurons are focusing attention , receiving sensory news and assessing it , repressing the irrelevant , reactivating long - term memory circuits , and , by comparing the new and the known , registering a felt sense of “ satisfaction ” or “ truth , ” which is brought home by a surge of the reward system ( mainly dopamine ) .
Crick and Koch propose , rather , that the part of our gray matter necessary for consciousness is the claustrum , a structure flat as a sheet located deep in the brain on both sides .
Looked at face - on , it is shaped a bit like the United States .
This claustrum maintains busy connections to most other parts of the brain ( necessary for any conductor role ) .
It also has a type of neuron internal to itself , able to rise up with others of its kind and fire synchronously .
This may be the claustrum ’s way of creating coherence out of the informational cacophony passing through .
For consciousness feels coherent .
Never mind that your brain at this moment is processing a zillion different data bits .
Gerald Edelman ’s ( global ) theory of consciousness sees it resulting from neuronal activity all over the brain .
Edelman ( along with Changeux and others ) applies the theory of evolution to populations of neurons .
Beginning early in an individual ’s development , neurons firing and connecting with other neurons form shifting populations as they interact with input from the environment .
The brain ’s reward system mediates which populations survive as the fittest .
Edelman ’s theory speaks to the fact that no two brains are exactly alike ; even identical twins do not have identical brains .
How , in Edelman ’s scheme , does consciousness achieve its coherence ?
By the recirculation of parallel signals .
If you are a neuron , you receive a signal , say from a light wave , then relay it to the next neuron via an electrical pulse .
Imagine a Fourth of July fireworks , a starburst in the night sky .
Different groups of neurons register the light , the shape , the boom .
After receiving their respective signals , populations of neurons pass them back and forth to other populations of neurons .
What emerges is one glorious starburst .
I myself do not have a theory of consciousness .
Still , I am a conscious ( occasionally ) being .
My sense of myself , my sense of an “ I , ” has some sort of neuronal correlate .
I am conscious ( aware ) of the fact that I am teaching a writing seminar ( observed object with neuronal correlate ) on the literary form known as the abecedarium ( observed object with neuronal correlate ) .
I am conscious ( aware ) that I will be submitting my own abecedarium — this one — to the brainy writers in the class .
Because I can imagine the future , because I can plan ahead ( thanks in part to my frontal lobes ) , I feel apprehensive .
How crazy !
To imagine I could comprehend the Homo sapiens brain , the most complex object in the known universe , within the 26 compartments of an abecedarium .
I will try .
I will color the cones and rods and convoluted lobes printed in black outline in my anatomy coloring book .
I will teach my neurons to know themselves .
As I write this , I picture our class seated around our big table .
I can picture the face of each writer at the table .
To each face I can attach a name .
This is proof that , as of today , I have dodged dementia .
—D—
Dementia dooms a life .
It doomed my grandfather ’s life .
Even today , when Alzheimer ’s disease — just one type of dementia — afflicts as many as 5.3 million Americans , including one in four of all persons age 85 or older , we know far too little about it .
It ’s not clear what kind of dementia Walter Long had .
He may not have had Alzheimer ’s .
He may have had Lewy body dementia .
He may have had small strokes .
Whatever it was , it doomed his brain , it doomed his body , it doomed his body of work — including a novel , never published , which must have existed as a typescript .
Upon his death following years of senility , this novel was discarded .
For me , the disappearance of my grandfather ’s writing is a distressing enigma .
Not an easy problem .
—E —
Easy Problem .
Philosopher ’s lingo for the problem in neuroscience of comprehending the neuronal correlates of consciousness .
When you see red , what exactly are your neurons doing ?
When you remember your grand­father ’s face , what are your neurons doing ?
It may be difficult to parse the answer but in principle we can do it .
It ’s easy .
The Hard Problem is the mystery of subjective experience .
When long light waves stimulate our neural pathways , why do we experience the color red ?
And what survival benefit caused our brains to develop , through eons of evolution , an ability to experience a “ sense of self , ” a self able to see itself as special or heroic or smart or not so smart — as , on occasion , a complete failure ?
—F—
Failure to learn new things kills neurons .
People who vegetate before the TV are killing their neurons .
People who never do anything new or meet anyone new are killing their neurons .
People who never read or learn a new game or build a model airplane or cook up a new recipe or learn a new language are killing their neurons .
Mind you , many middle - aged professionals are killing their neurons .
They ’re doing what they are good at , what they already know , what they learned to do years ago .
They ’re pursuing careers , raising children , cooking dinner , returning phone calls , reading the newspaper .
They are busy and accomplished , but they are not learning anything new .
If you are not learning anything new , you are killing your neurons .
To keep your neurons , learn something new every day .
Begin now .
Doing so requires no particular genius .
—G—
Genius is nothing you can be born with .
No one is born with it .
Not Mozart , not Picasso , not Tolstoy .
In any field , world - class achievement demands at least 10,000 hours of practice .
According to Daniel J. Levitin in This Is Your Brain on Music , dozens of cognition studies have produced the same result : geniuses practice more .
Neural pathways require repeated stimulation to attain a “ genius ” level of mastery .
The neurons must be stimulated and restimulated , over and again .
Essential to this learning process , to this process of achieving supreme mastery , is the hippocampus .
—H—
The hippocampus is at the core of what is known as declarative memory — memory of facts and events that can be recalled later for conscious reflection .
Memories of what you did this morning , of which candidate you voted for , of whether you were supposed to bring home milk or eggs , all depend on the hippocampus .
In Alzheimer ’s , the hippocampus is gradually destroyed .
The sea horse–shaped structure is located above the eye , about an inch behind the forehead .
It is part of the limbic system , chief purveyor of emotion .
We remember what is emotional .
Fear , essential for survival , is provided to us by our almond - shaped amygdalae , also part of the limbic system .
Fearful events fire up the amygdala and the amygdala sends its projections all over the brain , but especially to the hippocampus .
The amygdala can smell a rat .
It receives sensations directly from the nose and sets off alarms with no intervening cognition .
We remember what we fear .
And we remember what we like , what we want , what we love , what triggers our reward system , dopamine , serotonin .
We attend to what is meaningful , what is emotionally resonant , whether positive or negative .
We remember what we pay attention to .
Hippocampal activity is not essential for procedural memory — what the body knows .
You do n’t need your hippocampi to ride a bike or get out of bed or even play the piano if you are a pianist .
The hippocampus is not essential for semantic memory — facts and words .
It ’s not even essential for working memory — remembering a phone number long enough to dial it .
But it ’s the brain ’s transformer of short - term memory into long - term memory .
What you lose when you lose your hippocampi is your ability to make new long - term memories .
Such was the fate of the much - studied “ HM , ” Henry Gustav Molaison ( 1926–2008 ) .
His tragic case gave us much of what we know about memory .
In 1953 a neurosurgeon , attempting to halt the young man ’s frequent epileptic seizures , removed most of Henry ’s hippocampi , his amygdalae , and some surrounding tissue of the temporal lobe .
The seizures stopped .
And HM could still speak and make perfect sense ( semantic memory ) .
He could remember his old skills and even learn new skills ( though he could n’t remember learning them ) .
He retained long - term memories , including vivid childhood scenes .
He retained his high IQ .
What he lost — in terms of a life , almost everything — was the capacity to turn new short - term memories into long - term memories .
He could not remember what happened yesterday .
He could not remember what happened this morning .
He could not remember the scientists who studied him for 40 years ; he met them anew at each encounter .
After the surgery he could no longer care for himself and lived in a nursing home .
“ HM ’s case , ” writes neurologist Oliver Sacks in Musicophilia : Tales of Music and the Brain , “ made it clear that two very different sorts of memory could exist : a conscious memory of events ( episodic memory ) and an unconscious memory for procedures — and that such procedural memory is unimpaired in amnesia . ”
The conscious memory of events :
How we take it for granted !
It enables us to plan , to pursue a goal , to work , to cook , to read .
It enables us to enjoy long talks and lazy days and nights out on the town .
It enables storytelling , art , imagination .
— I—
Imagination depends on the conscious memory of events .
How could I imagine a purple cow if I could not remember the cows of my childhood switching their tails against the horseflies ?
How could I imagine a purple cow if I could not remember purple crayons , purple potatoes , purple grape juice ?
Persons with impaired memories have impaired imaginations .
Amnesiacs , writes science reporter Benedict Carey , “ live in a mental universe at least as strange as fiction : new research suggests that they are marooned in the present , as helpless at imagining future experiences as they are at retrieving old ones . ”
Images made by functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) technology show that remembering and imagining send blood to identical parts of the brain .
What does this say about the goal of living in the present ?
But for most of us , the phenomena of the present ( just now Miles Davis playing “ Red China Blues ” on YouTube ) connect in our mind with previous analogous experiences .
Recognition involves memory : comparing what is seen with what was seen .
My grandfather had , I think , anterograde amnesia :
He could n’t form new memories .
He could re­mem­ber the long ago but not yesterday .
He would get dressed in his suit and tie , don his fedora , dapper as ever , and head out the door .
“ Walter !
Where are you going ? ” Gran would ask .
“ I ’m going to work . ” Granddad would say .
“ You ’re not going to work !
You ’re retired ! ” Gran would cry out .
Granddad lived , I think , in a state of perpetual churning anxiety .
He felt it was time to go to work .
He felt lost .
He wondered out loud who these “ nice people ” were , sitting in his living room .
( That would be us , his family . )
In the process of losing his memory , did Major Walter Long lose his pride in being decorated for “ exceptional bravery under shellfire ” in 1918 France during the Great War ?
Did he forget the trauma of war , his killed comrades ?
Did he forget the pleasure of composing a paragraph ?
Did he forget love ?
Did he forget joy ?
—J—
Joy , happiness , contentment , the feeling of safety , the feeling of being loved , the act of loving , the feeling of respecting another and of being respected , all these feeling states are produced within the brain .
The pursuit of happiness might be construed as the pursuit of more dopamine and / or serotonin flooding our synaptic clefts .
Add norepinephrine to the mix —energy , the constricting of blood vessels , jumping up and down .
Norepinephrine is a hormone when produced by the adrenal gland along with epinephrine ( adrenaline ) .
It ’s a neurotransmitter when produced by neurons in the brain .
Certain racers , bikers , fistfighters , bank robbers , pickpockets , and other daring devils may be addicted to the intoxicating rush of norepinephrine - epinephrine .
Normally , these neurotransmitters spread out and do their job , after which they break down within the synaptic clefts or are returned to their home neurons by reuptake molecules .
Antidepressants like Prozac or Zoloft ( SSRIs — selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) bind to serotonin reuptake molecules , preventing them from doing their ferrying duty .
This leaves serotonin flooding the synaptic gaps , free to continue stimulating the receptor molecules in the dendrites of the receiving neurons .
Cocaine binds to both serotonin and dopamine reuptake molecules , leaving the synaptic gaps awash in both .
Whee !
But then the crash .
Receptor molecules in the dendrites are switches .
When stimulated they switch on ; when overstimulated they switch off .
( With his or her receptors desensitized , the addict needs more and more . )
And , because the neurotransmitters never get returned to their neurons , the dopaminergic and serotonergic systems get depleted , drawn down , drained out .
Quite soon the system itself becomes deranged .
Many addicts , whether using or recovering , have damaged brains .
Tragically , lacking crack , they can feel no pleasure .
I ’m no addict , but I do get migraines .
This means I likely have a low supply of norepinephrine , an excitatory neurotransmitter that counter­­balances dopamine .
Under migrainous conditions , dopamine flooding my synaptic clefts leads not to a high but to the worst kind of low — killer headaches .
—K—
Killer headaches — including nausea , vomiting , light - stabs to the eyes , repulsive odors , excruciating head pain , a total sense of despair — are under study by me when I ’m not having one .
Migraine is cousin to epilepsy .
It may be in part genetic , although Pamela , my monozygotic twin sister , does not get them .
Migraine begins with an electrical storm in the brain stem , seat of the autonomic nervous system , controller of heartbeat and sleep , dilator of pupils , regulator of airways .
This brainstorm spreads widely throughout the brain .
Firing neurons require oxygen , carried by blood , and during the brain­storm , 300 times the normal amount of blood rushes to your head .
Now , we migraineurs ( according to researcher Stephen J. Peroutka ) possess an insufficient supply of norepinephrine , not only during the dread headache but also all the time .
Firing neurons secrete norepinephrine , which constricts the blood vessels in the head .
So far , no pain .
But , alas , our meager supply of norepinephrine gets drawn down , and dopamine ( along with its rogue co-conspirators adenosine and prostaglandin ) , which acts oppositely and in balance with norepinephrine , runs amok .
Dopamine distends cerebral blood vessels , which activates the trigeminal ( cranial ) nerves .
Excruciating pain .
Dopamine also stirs up the neurons in the stomach lining ( we have 100 million of these ) , creating nausea leading to violent retching .
Triggers : too much sleep , too little sleep , dark microbrews ( the more delicious , the more deadly ) , too much company throughout a long day , most red wines , MSG , air travel , dark chocolate combined with red wine ( requires immediate hospitalization ) , too much caffeine , too little caffeine .
Some women get migraines in sync with their menstrual cycle .
Pickles will do it .
Sulfites , sulfates , sunlight .
Too much exertion .
Too little exertion .
Mostly I adore Oliver Sacks ’s disquisitions on the brain , but I ingested his tome Migraine with flutters of anxiety .
Might Migraine trigger a migraine ?
Sacks inquires :
What is the usefulness of the migraine to the migraineur ?
Well !
There ’s the alleged migraine personality .
Migraineur Joan Didion speaks ( in “ In Bed ” ) of the compulsive worker , the perfectionist writer .
This is the type who slaves over sentences that nonetheless ooze mediocrity like a bad odor .
That would be me .
A migraine forces you to stop .
Your day ends — bam !
A migraine performs approximately the same service as being run over by a train .
Sacks thinks the profound despair brought on by a migraine is part of the migraine , the result of neurons firing out of control throughout the limbic system .
But what sets off the brainstorm ?
Why do triggers differ from one person to the next ?
Why do migraines occur on only one side of the head ?
And why does my personal miracle drug , Maxalt ( rizatriptan benzoate ) — which binds to serotonin receptors , which then release serotonin , which constricts blood vessels — cost $ 70 per headache ?
And why me , Lord ?
Is my brain sending my body some sort of sick , twisted message , some sort of poison - pen letter ?
—L —
Letters — our ABCs — are meaningless squiggles until we learn our alphabet .
Here ’s a letter I remember .
I am 4 or 5 years old .
I ’m sitting on the davenport in the living room .
I ’m holding this letter in my hands .
Pale blue letter paper .
Blue ink. Gran , my Scottish grandmother , has written this letter to Mummy .
I turn it over .
I turn it around .
I turn it every which way .
I put it close to my face .
I hold it far from my face .
I turn it upside down .
I ’m filled with longing .
I long to know its secrets .
I long to read this letter .
But I can not read .
Mummy comes into the living room and takes the letter from me .
Foiled !
And with the letter she takes the letter ’s letters .
I am completely exasperated !
What part of the brain does this desperate desire to read come from ?
And where does the brain keep it — the long - since - satisfied longing to learn to read retained as a memory ?
—M—
Memory is nothing like a scrapbook , a photo album , an attic , or a movie .
Think of a broom .
Remember broom .
Different bits of the brain ’s broom are stored in different parts of the brain .
The hickory broomstick .
The weight of the broom in the hand .
The straw head .
The color of straw .
The sound of sweeping .
The purpose of sweeping .
The sound of the word broom .
The shape of the word broom .
The fact that a broom is a cleaning tool and not a glass of wine or a plate of spaghetti .
( Thoughts of sweeping , for those who sweep , activate a pre-motor area , ready to lift the hand . )
Memory brings all these disparate bits together , makes them cohere .
The puzzle of how the brain achieves coherent perceptions out of its widespread data bits is known as the binding problem .
Memory is a mental event , this we know .
Mental events work by the transmission of neural impulses at different rates .
Memory is stored not in one place but all over the place , as data bits .
Memory , says António Damásio , likely involves “ retro- activation ” — the refiring of neurons activated during an original perception or experience .
An association , either external or from within , may stir up a memory .
Types of memory : procedural ( how to sweep the floor ) ; semantic ( facts , words , the word broom and what it refers to ) ; working ( being used at this moment to consider the concept of a broom ) ; episodic ( personal memories , the time you swept up your diamond with the dirt ) ; declarative ( remembering facts and events that become available for later conscious reflection ) .
Lost to everyone ’s declarative memory is the name of Walter Long ’s first wife , a girl he married in 1914 .
This girl died of tuberculosis a year or two after she married the young man who would become my grandfather .
After her death , Walter went off to fight in the Great War .
He was proud of his service ( my father said ) .
He received the Croix de Guerre .
Toward the end of the war , he got the mumps , requiring nursing .
In 1919 he married his nurse , a young Scottish war widow with a small child .
This young mother , Annie McIlwrick Humphrey , became my Gran .
But Granddad ’s first wife , the girl he married in 1914 when he was 31 — who was she ?
When I asked around a few years ago , no one in the family could remember her name , if they ever knew her name .
She had gone from this world , gone from memory , gone from history .
This girl , whoever she was , went from being somebody — with her looks , her likes and dislikes , with her passion for Walter Long , with a favorite pair of boots perhaps , or a love of pickles — to being nobody .
Her dreams died along with her name along with her neurons .
—N—
Neurons commune with other neurons .
But keep this in mind : a straightforward algorithmic connection from A to B to C is not enough for the brains of human beings or other beings to learn from experience .
Rather , neurons act in assemblies that have subsets which act like cliques .
Shifting perceptions are made by shifting transitory assemblies of neurons .
In one type of assembly , various neurons receive input at the same time and send their output to the same place .
In another type , neurons in different locations fire simultaneously .
Assemblies often stack up in columns , with a single column containing perhaps 100,000 neurons .
Cliques compete with other cliques , recruiting neurons and losing them to the competition .
Let ’s say you are trying to remember a name , but the wrong name comes to mind .
The rogue clique , the clique pulsing the memory of that wrong name , is in competition with the clique you want - want - want - want .
Eventually you dredge up the right name from the mind ’s murky sea .
Attention is the net .
Attention may be a function of feedback loops ( “ reentrant connections ” ) , neurons firing from the frontal cortex back to the sensory relay station , the thalamus , to suppress irrelevant stimuli .
Certain neurons work as feature detectors .
Neuroscientist Joe Tsien and his team subjected a mouse to an earthquake while recording the activity of some 200 hippocampal neurons .
( Their ingenious lab inventions enable them to observe very few neurons at a time . )
The earthquake caused the rodent ’s neurons to fire in a particular pattern , with different cliques reacting to different aspects .
There was a startle clique , a motion - disturbance clique , a clique that reacted to where this event took place ( a black box ) .
With the mouse in the same black box , when a different event ( an elevator fall ) occurred , the startle clique and the motion - disturbance clique both fired again .
The cliques of firing neurons were organized in a hierarchy from abstract to specific .
( Startle is abstract : any number of different events could fire this clique .
Where is more specific : a red box will not excite black - box neurons . )
Memory occurs when , after the event , the same assembly of neurons refires , although less strongly .
The mystery is this :
Where does the sense of mystery come from ?
What about tranquility or annoyance or curiosity or philosophy ?
Which neurons project ambition or fascination or frustration ?
Where does the sense of awe come from ?
What about the sense of the sacred , the sense of God or of deus in res ?
Are these states of being a matter of brain chemistry ?
Are they nothing more than electrical charges pulsing , thrumming , oscillating ?
—O—
Oscillating is what the living brain does .
It emits brain waves .
Neurons emit electrical charges in a rhythmic pattern ; they fire even with no stimulation from the outside world .
The brain puts out its own energy .
I think of this - this - this - this as a kind of humming .
Hooked up to the electroencephalograph , the sleeping person ’s brain discharges mainly high - amplitude , low - frequency oscillations in the delta band ( 0.5 to 3 cycles per second ) .
The barely awake or deeply meditating person ’s neurons tend to discharge theta waves ( 4 to 7 cycles per second ) .
The awake but resting or meditating person ’s neurons tend to discharge alpha waves ( 8 to 12 cycles per second ) .
Beta waves ( 15 to 25 cycles per second ) begin when initiating purposeful activity .
The gamma band ( 30 or more cycles per second ) is linked to cognitive activity .
But , like a great many statements about how the brain works , this one is oversimplified .
In actuality , different brain areas are thrumming at different rates simultaneously .
In actuality , the brains of some meditating persons are not in theta or in alpha .
In actuality , the brains of persons in a TV - watching stupor are in alpha .
In actuality , the electroencephalograph gets a lot of interference : with its electrodes stuck not on the brain but on the scalp , it may be a dull instrument .
A thick , delicious book , James H. Austin ’s Zen and the Brain , states that more important than the alpha state is synchronicity .
Different parts of the brain begin oscillating in unison like the Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall .
Bliss may result .
But how little we know : our brain has barely begun to comprehend itself .
And how wrong it can be .
Until the late 1990s the dogma prevailed that neurons do not regenerate , that brain injuries are more or less permanent , that a devastating stroke represents irreparable loss .
Then a new insight hit neuroscience like a tsunami — the brain ’s plasticity .
— P—
Plasticity brings hope to the stroke victim , the brain - injured , the autistic , the amputee in phantom pain , the palsied , the deranged , the old .
The brain is plastic , not fixed .
Brain structures do not have rigid job descriptions .
Brain maps — those synaptically interconnected networks of neurons whose pulses produce a function or a memory — have shifting borders .
Also , stem cells exist within the brain , particularly within the hippocampus .
Brain stem cells can generate new brain cells , perhaps maintaining a balance with dying cells .
Plasticity has exploded our notions of how to rehabilitate a stroke victim .
Edward Taub , working on macaques , discovered that when one hand is disabled , say by stroke , the brain map for the good hand begins to expand .
It is precisely this — the brain ’s compensatory ability to remap itself — that dooms the paralyzed hand .
Taub ’s strategy is to render the good hand moot by confining it to a sling , and then to force the paralyzed hand to practice — to pick up and drop , pick up and drop , pick up and drop — beginning at the baby stage , putting square pegs into square holes eight hours a day .
In this way , new brain maps form in remaining healthy tissue to work the limp hand .
Taub ’s results , according to Norman Doidge in The Brain That Changes Itself , have ranged from good to spectacular .
Plasticity means that old people can learn , that slow people can raise their IQ , that memory loss can be prevented or reversed .
Learning changes the brain .
Gary Wayman and his team discovered that dendrites contain a growth - inhibiting protein .
Synaptic activity ( learning ) moves that protein out of the way .
Synaptic activity ( learning ) also makes the neuron manufacture an RNA molecule ( micro RNA 132 ) that suppresses the manufacture of more inhibitor , allowing the dendrite to grow .
Learning changes the brain by making new pathways and by growing new dendrites .
And cognitive activity , according to psychopharmacologist Ste­phen Stahl , is the only intervention known to consistently diminish the risk of Mild Cognitive Impairment or Alz­heimer ’s or to slow their terrible progression .
Then again , the propensity to develop late - onset Alzheimer ’s has a powerful genetic component .
On chromosome 19 there ’s a gene ( the E gene ) that codes for a glycoprotein ( a protein containing a carbohydrate ) whose work involves cholesterol transport and metabolism .
When it works , it cleans out those waxy amyloid plaques that otherwise clog thoughts and kill neurons .
Persons born without a certain allele ( alternative form ) of this gene ( the allele termed ApoE4 ) are in little danger of developing Alzheimer ’s .
Persons born with one copy of this awful allele are four times as likely to get Alzheimer ’s as compared to the general population .
Persons born with two copies of ApoE4 are eight times more likely to develop Alzheimer ’s .
Very well , but here ’s the question :
What is different about persons who carry two copies of ApoE4 ( the worst case ) who do not develop Alzheimer ’s ?
And there are other questions .
—Q—
Questions .
What is it about our brain that makes us human ?
What is it that makes us different ?
Is it self - knowledge ?
Is it , as neuroscientist V. S. Ramachandran puts it , that we have a self that is self - reflexive , a self aware of itself ?
Is it knowing who we are ?
Is it our ability to explore our past and to imagine our future ?
Is it our spirituality , our brain ’s ability to imagine a soul , a higher being ?
Is it our propensity to make music , to make poetry ?
And what if we lose all of it , as Walter Long did ?
What if we lose all that seems intrinsic to our human nature , to our own selves ?
Who are we then ?
Who are we if we ca n’t remember ?
—R—
Remember as you would be remembered .
In 2007 my father , Winslow Long , in the process of moving to Seattle , passes on to me a box of old letters and documents .
In this battered cardboard carton I discover a booklet titled The Family Records of Winslows and Their Descendants in America .
We Longs descend from the Winslows .
The yellowed , shiny pages of this booklet reveal that my grandfather Walter Long ( son of Clara Winslow Long ) married Lillian Gorsuch , of Baltimore , on June 10 , 1914 .
I hereby restore to everyone ’s neurons the name of Granddad ’s first wife .
Did Lillian have tuberculosis at the time of their courtship ?
Did they know it ?
Did the start of the war in Europe during the 1914 summer of their wedding cause them to feel anxiety ?
Distress ?
—S—
Stress shrinks the brain .
Not normal stress or necessary stress , but chronic stress — chronic anxiety or clinical depression .
The view that chronic stress destroys dendrites , neural pathways , and even entire neurons , especially in the hippocampus , is gaining acceptance as studies go forward .
Stress revs up the adrenal gland to pump glucocorticoids such as cortisol .
Cortisol sparks the production of epinephrine ( adrenaline ) , which tenses muscles , narrows blood vessels , and prepares you to kick butt or run for your life .
But then the emergency ends and cortisol subsides .
All is well .
But in chronic stress , the emergency never ends .
Cortisol bathes the hippocampus continuously , killing its neurons .
And there ’s more .
The brain produces a protein known as brain - derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) , which protects neurons .
Chronic stress may repress the gene that expresses BDNF .
After which hippocampal neurons , which thirst for BDNF , which require BDNF , which ca n’t go on without BDNF , shrink or balk or die .
Experimental animals subjected to stress , according to Stahl ’s Essential Psychopharmacology , turn off their genes for BDNF and as a result lose synapses as well as whole neurons .
On the other hand , exercise stimulates the growth of BDNF .
So insists molecular biologist John Medina in Brain Rules .
So get out and walk .
And stop your constant worrying .
Stop stressing out over every little thing .
Stop imagining the worst .
Dementia begins there .
—T—
“ There is no need for temples , no need for complicated philosophy .
Our own brain , our own heart is our temple ; the philosophy is kindness . ”
So says the Dalai Lama .
But in our world , violence , murder , war , and torture may be as common as kindness .
Perhaps we have a deep inner need to kill , a devil in our unconscious .
—U—
Unconscious memories , unconscious wishes , unconscious fears , hates , loves .
The very notion is strange .
Strange to think that we have memories we can’t remember , wishes we do n’t wish for , desires we do n’t feel .
But that we have an unconscious is told by our brain ’s brilliance at doing things with no help from our conscious mind .
We walk , chat , purchase potatoes , sweep , drive , read , talk on the phone , all without “ thinking . ”
We just do it .
Our brain directs the process , whatever the process is .
We have reactions to people and events — a sudden mistrust or a sudden affection — that may be based on implicit , that is non-conscious , memories of something similar .
The admonition “ trust your gut ” translates “ trust your brain , trust its implicit memories . ”
Blindsight also argues for the existence of the unconscious .
Blindsight proves that we do not necessarily know what the brain knows .
A blindsighted person is a brain - injured person .
This person ’s visual cortex has been damaged .
He is blind , in his own opinion .
Yet ask him to take a guess as to where some particular object is — say a pencil held up — and he will point right to it .
The brain sees it .
The brain knows where it is .
But to the conscious mind , it is unknown .
What is broken is the wiring that connects the part of the brain that sees to the part that knows it is seeing .
To the person , the world has gone dark .
To his brain , the world remains a carnival of shape and color — visual .
—V—
Visual arts are unique to our species .
By means of culture we have created an external visual cortex — paintings , sculptures , billboards .
We have created an external long - term memory — writing .
We have created external dreams — films , plays , TV dramas .
We tell stories to recall the past and we look through telescopes to see the past .
We write in part to stop time , to hold onto the present as it becomes the past as we grow into the future .
I can picture my grandfather ’s face .
I can remember , just barely , a time when he could still be counted among the cognoscenti .
He had retired with our Scottish grandmother to a Bucks County , Pennsylvania , farm , the old farmhouse built of whitewashed brick .
Granddad used to take us small children out to the barn to show us a sleek black buggy , polished but parked in desuetude .
I can see in my mind ’s eye the barn , the buggy , the big doll I was allowed to play with .
I see Walter Long ’s life as a tragedy , but maybe he did n’t see it that way .
He had good work while he could do it , and he had love and ambition , and at least some of his dreams came true .
He reportedly reported on the sinking of the luxury ocean liner Morro Castle in 1934 and on the Lindbergh kidnapping trial of 1935 .
I once spent three days searching The Philadelphia Bulletin amid the massive coverage of the Lindbergh tragedy for any sign of my grandfather ’s hand .
No luck .
But some years later he himself was featured in the paper , in a sidebar , with his picture , here quoted in full ( the ellipses appear in the original ) :
Walter Long . . .
The Zoning Board of Adjustment goes into session . . . hearing pro and con on whether a new apartment site shall be approved . . .
News is being made . . . and Walter Long ’s there . . . accurately recording the builders ’ arguments , the opponents ’ vigorous stand . . .
For 15 years Walter Long has been one of The Bulletin ’s experts in municipal affairs . . .
He roams the City Hall annex . . . drops in daily on the Board of Health . . . keeps tab on the Department of Supplies and Purchases . . . and distinguishes himself with his detailed reporting of the City Housing Rent Commission Hearings .
There he is .
My grandfather .
Not in his own words but in someone ’s words .
Kind reader , if you were to utter the name of Walter Long , it would stay longer in this world .
It would enter into your Wernicke ’s area .
— W—
Wernicke ’s area is where the brain comprehends and interprets language .
Persons with damage to their Wernicke ’s area ( who have Wernicke ’s aphasia ) can speak , but their words pouring out make no sense .
Neither do these persons comprehend a single word spoken to them .
Broca ’s area produces spoken speech .
Persons with Broca ’s aphasia may be able to speak within their own minds , but when they attempt to voice their thoughts , they fail to produce normal speech .
Wernicke ’s area is associated with hearing , whereas Broca ’s area is associated with the neurons that activate the muscles of the larynx .
Relations between Wernicke ’s and Broca ’s areas are intensely xenial .
—X —
Xenial ( pronounced ZEE- nial ) relations , friendly communicating relations , transpire among many neurons throughout many parts of the brain .
Consider the binding problem , worked on most brilliantly by psychologist Anne Treisman .
As we know , different aspects of the scene before us are carried into our brain by different neurons .
Some neurons signal red ; others black or yellow ; others the news that what is before us is vertical or horizontal ; others that an object is located in our upper - right quadrant or our lower - left quadrant .
How then do we reconstruct a coherent picture ?
How come , when we see a black - and - white cow with a red ribbon around its neck , the cow does n’t come out red , the ribbon black and white , since separate neurons have projected separate features of this beribboned bovine into our brain ?
The answer comes from the observation that persons with stroke - injured parietal lobes may indeed see the cow as red , the ribbon as Holstein .
Think of it this way : it ’s spatial attention that puts the red on the red ribbon ( both originate from the same point in space ) .
Spatial attention emanates , it seems , from the parietal lobes .
Red - perceiving neurons and ribbon - perceiving neurons are getting together , communing , enjoying xenial relations , rather like people at a cocktail party going yackety - yak .
—Y—
Yackety - yak .
We are a yackety - yak people .
We are quidnuncs , busybodies .
Who did what to whom , who went out with whom , who slept with another ’s whom , who won the lottery , who won the game , who lost his shirt .
Gossip , it turns out , takes up more than half of all human discourse .
We concern ourselves with the business of others , and others concern themselves with our business , and all this sordid business is aired on reality TV , not to mention in cafés and over dinner and upon falling asleep and during morning coffee and later at the bar .
Yackety - yak .
We social primates evolved within an increasingly elaborate social framework , much dependent on our frontal - lobe - located mirror neurons .
When you smile , I want to smile .
When you cry , I want to cry .
When you laugh , you activate my funny bone .
We are inherently at home in social interaction .
We can gossip for hours , even if doing so reduces the items crossed off our To Do list to zero .
— Z —
Zero is an awe - inspiring invention of the Homo sapiens brain .
Zero is intrinsic to our human society , though we seldom give it a thought .
All by itself , zero is nothing .
So when does nothing become something ?
Nothing becomes something when you put it next to a 1 , as in 10 .
Now this nothing is holding a place for nothing in the units place .
Then if you put two nothings together with a 1 to make a 100 , your little nothings are suddenly holding two places : a place for nothing in the units place and a place for nothing in the tens place .
The zeros make the 1 mean not 1 but one hundred ones .
Think about it .
That little nothing , zero , put with only 9 other numerals , makes possible any number of numbers .
The story of zero is a Homo sapiens story , invented by the Sumerians in ancient Babylonia and again by the Mayans in ancient Mexico .
Now , we also have other sorts of zeros .
We have Ground Zero .
We have zero population growth .
We have the number of extant sentences written by Walter Long.
Zero .
No paper with Granddad ’s handwriting on it .
No paper typed by him .
No article bylined by him ( at least none that I ’ve found ) .
So here was a writer , my grandfather , who wrote for five decades , who lost his memory , who lost , with his memory , his entire output .
How could this have happened ?
It ’s a mystery I ponder even as I hoard every word I write , even as I donate my own scribblings — 60 boxes so far — to a university archives , even as I try to write more and more each day , as if that would overcome the oblivion that for certain lies in the future .
Considering everything — wars and famines , families , feasts , births and deaths , the great loves and the great losses , considering the miracle of natural selection that evolved our brains — the loss of my grandfather ’s writing is a small thing .
But for me it ’s a big thing .
I ca n’t get it out of my mind .
It leaves me speechless , notwithstanding the two - million - word capacity of our alphabet .
Move over Branch Rickey .
Roy Englebrecht has established the first minor league system for mixed martial arts .
The Southern California fighter promoter on Oct. 28 announced the creation of the Professional Mixed Martial Arts League , which will provide the fledgling sport with its own team - based feeder system .
Set to open for business in 2010 , the PMMAL will award charter ownerships to teams in six Southern California counties and Las Vegas .
“ As a club promoter of MMA since it was approved in California in 2006 , I know firsthand the struggle young fighters have in trying to get fights and the major struggles small mixed martial arts promoters encounter just trying to promote a show , give the fighters and fans a good experience and , most important , hopefully turn a small profit , ” said Englebrecht , who once served as chief operating officer of Golden Boy Promotions .
“ With the Professional Mixed Martial Arts League , some of the best young MMA fighters competing today can be part of a team , know when and where they will fight each month and be paid and treated like the professional athletes they are .
” The eight - team league will be divided into two conferences : the Ocean Conference -- which will consist of San Diego County , Orange County South , Los Angeles County and Ventura County -- and the Desert Conference , which will consist of Riverside County , San Bernardino County , Orange County North and Las Vegas .
The PMMAL will hold a league draft next month .
Each team will compete in an eight - event -- four home , four away -- regular - season schedule , beginning in February .
All eight teams will qualify for the playoffs , which will kick off in October .
Semi-finals will be contested a month later , and the two surviving teams will meet for the league championship in December 2010 .
Fighters -- who must be between ages 18 and 30 and can have no more than eight professional bouts under their belt when they enter the PMMAL -- will be paid a minimum of $ 10,000 per year but could earn upwards of $ 25,000 .
Seven fighters -- a bantamweight and two featherweights , lightweights and middleweights -- from a 12 - man roster will compete at each event .
They will compete under a point - based system .
For instance , fighters will be awarded four points for a knockout , three points for a submission and two points for a unanimous decision .
The team with the most points at the end of each event will be declared the winner .
“ I just felt that if the sport of MMA was to really become mainstream and greatly enlarge its footprint to consumers , sponsors and regulatory bodies that a minor league system needed to be established , ” Englebrecht said .
“ Over the past three years , young MMA fighters just did n’t have the proper stage to perform on , and club promoters had great difficulty in making it a viable business .
With the PMMAL , there will finally be a platform in place so that fighters who dream of one day competing in the UFC or Strikeforce can see their dreams come true . ”
It seems as though America 's self - proclaimed " toughest sheriff " can't live without hearing Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer in his jails this holiday season .
Sheriff Joe , despite being sued six times in the past two years for doing so , will again force inmates in the county jails to listen to Christmas carols throughout the holiday season .
In a press release from the sheriff today , which is written in a smug red and green type , Arpaio downplays the six lawsuits and says the roughly 8,000 inmates in the county jail system will get Christmas music all day long this holiday season whether they like it or not .
The six prior lawsuits have claimed Arpaio 's less - than - merry practice should be considered cruel and unusual punishment , or that the sheriff is forcing people to participate in religious celebrations .
The practice of forcing people to listen to crappy music all day long has been used in the past for interrogation purposes .
For example , the U.S. military blared Metallica music at detainees in Guantanamo Bay with the intention of breaking them down psychologically .
If the GITMO detainees were breaking down over a little Metallica music , there 's no way that forcing someone to listen to Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree is n't cruel and unusual .
News in Science
CO2 warming stronger than thought
Carbon dioxide indirectly causes up to 50 % more global warming than originally thought , a finding that raises questions over targets for stabilising carbon emissions over the long term , a study says .
In a paper published in the journal Nature Geoscience , British scientists say a tool commonly used in climate modelling may have badly underestimated the sensitivity of key natural processes to the warming caused by CO2 .
As a result , calculations for anthropogenic global warming on the basis of carbon emissions may be underpitched by between 30 % and 50 % , they say .
The study is coincidentally published on the eve of a 12 - day UN conference in Copenhagen aimed at providing a durable solution to the greenhouse - gas problem .
Long term
The authors stress that the more - than - expected warming would unfold over a matter of hundreds of years , rather than this century .
The findings do not mean that the predictions for temperature rise by 2100 , established by the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , should be rewritten , they say .
" We do n't want to be overly alarmist here , " says lead author Dr Dan Lunt of the University of Bristol .
" But if people are thinking about stabilising CO2 at a certain atmospheric level , or putting together a treaty , or having a debate about what the levels should be , it really is important to know what the long - term consequences of those emissions are going to be , because CO2 hangs around for so long . "
Pliocene warming
Lunt and colleagues decided to test a widely - used climate model on an epoch called the mid-Pliocene warm period , about three million years ago , when Earth heated up in response to natural processes .
Cores drilled from ocean sediment provide a good idea about atmospheric carbon levels and temperature at the time .
What the team found , though , was that the CO2 levels in the Pliocene - around 400 parts per million - were not consistent with the warming , which was around 3 °C higher than today .
The difference could only be fully explained by the long - term loss of icesheets and changes in vegetation , says the paper .
These changes cause earth 's surface to absorb more solar radiation , which causes more warming , and so on .
When applied to what awaits us this century , the adjusted model suggests that nothing significantly different will happen compared to what has already been estimated .
" In that time scale , we do n't think the Greenland icesheet is going to melt completely or that East Antarctica will melt .
That was what we saw in the model for three million years ago , but it is unlikely to take place in the next century , " says Lunt .
Setting targets
Where it poses a dilemma , though , is how to fix a target for stabilising CO2 emissions so that future generations , centuries from now , are not hit by this long - term warming mechanism .
A popular goal is to limit warming since pre-industrial times to 2°C , a figure that in mainstream climate models typically equates to about 450 ppm .
At present , earth 's CO2 concentrations are at around 387 ppm .
Lunt says that today 's level may already be too high in this context .
" Our work says that at 400 parts per million , you are looking at more than 2°C .
" To stabilise at 2 °C , you would have to aim for something like 380 ppm .
But remember , this is the sort of level that applies if you want a long - term commitment that goes on for centuries , for generations to come . "
With pilots ordered to switch off " moving maps " throughout the flight in an effort to conceal the exact locations of their aircraft from potential terrorists , passengers on some Virgin flights on Boxing Day were warned to buy books as in - flight films and other entertainment systems were also being disabled for the entire journey .
In - flight entertainment had been restored by Sunday .
Rates of births to teenage mothers are strongly predicted by conservative religious beliefs , even after controlling for differences in income and rates of abortion .
Researchers writing in BioMed Central 's open access journal Reproductive Health have found a strong association between teenage birth rates and state - level measures of religiosity in the U.S .
Joseph Strayhorn , an adjunct faculty member with Drexel University and the University of Pittsburgh , and Jillian Strayhorn used data from the Pew Forum 's US Religious Landscapes Survey and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to evaluate the state level effects of belief on teen birth rates .
Joseph Strayhorn said : " The magnitude of the correlation between religiosity and teen birth rate astonished us .
Teen birth is more highly correlated with some of the religiosity items on the Religious Landscapes Survey than some of those items are correlated with each other . "
The religiosity of a state was determined by averaging the percents of respondents who agreed with the eight most conservative opinions possible in the Religious Landscapes Survey , such as ' There is only one way to interpret the teachings of my religion ' or ' Scripture should be taken literally , word for word ' .
According to Strayhorn : " Our findings by themselves do not , of course , permit causal inferences .
But , if we may speculate on the most probable explanation , we conjecture that religious communities in the US are more successful in discouraging the use of contraception among their teenagers than they are in discouraging sexual intercourse itself . "
Le procès des grandes écoles bat son plein : " temple de l'autoreproduction des classes dirigeantes " , " gaspillage des talents " , " élitisme archaïque " , et caetera .
Dans ces écoles , le pourcentage des enfants issus de classes " défavorisées " est passé de 30 % en 1950 à 10 % en 1995 , lit-on .
Pour remédier à ce scandale , il faut donc " faire voler en éclats la sélection à l'entrée " , établir des quotas .
En bref , les grandes écoles doivent se remettre en question profondément , ou disparaître .
Le tournant antidémocratique des grandes écoles est daté des années 1980 .
Qu'est - ce qui a changé dans le système , alors ?
Les concours et les classes prépas n'ont subi aucun changement majeur , à part une augmentation significative du nombre de places .
Où est l'erreur ?
Le changement majeur des années 1980 , c'est la " démocratisation de l'accès au supérieur " , le fameux objectif de " 80 % d'une classe d'âge au niveau bac " .
Bel objectif théorique , désastre total dans les faits .
Aujourd 'hui , je peux affirmer que nombre de titulaires du bac scientifique ( ceux auxquels j'enseigne en première année de fac ) seraient incapables d'obtenir le certificat d'études de 1950 : déficience en lecture ( incapacité à comprendre des énoncés simples ) , en écriture ( incapacité à construire des phrases grammaticalement correctes avec moins d'une faute d'orthographe par phrase en moyenne ) , en calcul ( méconnaissance de la règle de trois , de l'addition de fractions , du volume d'un parallélépipède , confusion entre la surface du cercle et du carré , j'en passe et des meilleures ) .
Chaque semaine je dois apprendre à mes étudiants des notions de base que j'ai moi-même apprises lorsque j'avais cinq ou dix ans de moins qu'eux .
Qu'arrive - t- il aux 10 % d'enfants aux capacités intellectuelles largement au - dessus de la moyenne et qui méritent d'accéder à " l'élite " via les grandes écoles ou une autre filière d'excellence ?
Aujourd 'hui , leur soif de connaissance et de compréhension est totalement laissée en friche par un système secondaire ( collège et lycée ) qui abandonne toute exigence sérieuse de niveau et d'acquisition d'un programme pour seulement gérer le flux d'élèves dans un objectif de zéro redoublement et mobilisation d'un minimum de moyens .
La seule solution laissée aux parents de tels enfants est de remplacer eux -mêmes par des activités extra-scolaires ce que n'apporte plus le lycée public standard , et de rechercher un enseignement plus exigeant dans le privé , à l'étranger ou dans les rares lycées qui pratiquent un élitisme inavoué à travers une sélection principalement sociologique donc effectivement injuste .
Il y a cinquante ans , un enfant de parents analphabètes de Tunis ou des campagnes hexagonales reculées , une fois ses dons détectés par ses instituteurs , pouvait être porté au sommet de l'Etat par un système scolaire certes élitiste mais ô combien plus démocratique que le système actuel .
Aujourd 'hui , ces mêmes enfants sont quasi exclus du système , qu'ils perturbent par leur niveau .
Mon fils , qui rêvait de résolution d'équations , a passé ses premiers mois de 6e à reprendre ses tables d'addition .
La solution paraît évidente : il faut permettre à nouveau aux enfants intellectuellement doués d'accéder à l'excellence sans forcément l'aide de parents privilégiés ( et ainsi de briller en classe prépa ou à l'université ) en leur fournissant un enseignement à leur niveau au collège et au lycée .
C'est tout simple à faire : établir une classe d'excellence par année dans chaque lycée et collège de France et de Navarre .
Ainsi , un enfant doué du " 93 " , plutôt que de rêver à une chimérique place à Louis - le - Grand pourra s'épanouir en étanchant sa soif d'apprendre dans le lycée de son quartier .
Cette solution simplissime en apparence demande un immense courage : mettre à bas le tabou absolu de l'Education nationale et accepter qu'il existe des enfants intrinsèquement plus capables que d'autres intellectuellement et que , sans sélection ( je demande pardon aux âmes sensibles pour avoir accentué ce terrible gros mot ) , le rendement global du système , qui propose le même cursus à des enfants de QI inférieur à 80 ou supérieur à 120 , est très fortement dégradé , au détriment à la fois des plus forts et des plus faibles .
Mais pourquoi ce que tout le monde admet pour le sport , la musique ou l'art par exemple , justifiant ainsi des filières spécifiques d'enseignement , est-il si difficile à admettre pour les capacités d'apprentissage et le goût des études ?
Si l'accès à la classe d'excellence est fondé sur des critères transparents et remis en question chaque année , les parents dans leur ensemble sont très capables de comprendre et d'accepter cette sélection , comme ils comprennent très bien qu'il faut des performances minimales à un sportif pour accéder à une compétition .
Malheureusement , au lieu de rétablir une filière d'excellence dans tous les lycées , il est politiquement plus facile de casser les filières d'excellence du supérieur .
Mais la France et les Français y perdront , et il ne nous restera plus qu'à servir de parc d'attractions aux élites des pays qui , eux , n'ont pas nos œillères : la Chine et autres " dragons " asiatiques , l'Afrique du Nord et l'Amérique du Sud , qui fournissent déjà une part chaque année grandissante des meilleurs étudiants de nos universités .
Pierre Rochette est ancien élève de l'Ecole normale supérieure , professeur à Aix - Marseille université , chercheur au Cerege CNRS .
Le Monde
Some of Gisborne 's veteran water users have lashed out at what they see as scaremongering reports about the district 's dolphin – dubbed last night by TVNZ as " Moko the Menace " and potentially a killer dolphin .
A Close Up programme honed in on the dangers of Moko 's growing size and frisky behaviour , particularly in deep water .
Other media followed suit this morning , focusing on the possible hazard presented by the fun-loving mammal .
Olympic kayaking double gold medallist and surf lifesaving instructor Alan Thompson said he was horrified at the reports , which he described as grossly exaggerated and over - dramatised .
It was an absolute privilege being in the water with such a large and friendly marine mammal .
Keeping safe while doing so was just a matter of common sense , he said .
" I have taken my 14 - year - old daughter swimming with him . "
He had seen a mother letting a child of about eight go out in the water on a flutter board to play with him .
" Flutter boards are his favourite toys and , of course , he is going to try to take it – it 's plain common sense .
" If you do n't like the way he plays , then do n't go out in the water .
" If he wants to play while you are surfing and you do n't want to play , then go somewhere else , " he said .
Surf Lifesaving Gisborne manager Debbie Hutchings has " very real fears for Moko 's safety " after the dolphin was " shut in " at Wainui Beach by surfers who " smacked " him with their boards .
The surfers were trying to recover a " stolen " surfboard .
" In order to get it back , they tried to cage him in , " Mrs Hutchings said .
" They were using boards to try to push him away .
They were basically hitting him to get it back . "
However , Mrs Hutchings said it was more likely surfers assaulting Moko would come off second best .
Moko is at least 2.5 metres long and not yet considered an adult .
Adult bottlenoses can reach 2.8 m and swim at 5 to 12 kmh .
The advice from Mrs Hutchings on stolen boards is " let him take it " .
" He has come to learn that that 's a game for him .
But there are real risks of a person being injured if Moko 's playing gets too rough or of someone finding themselves out of their depth where they are so far out at sea they might have real trouble getting back . "
The Department of Conservation has continued its advice from two years ago when Moko was playing at Mahia – do n't give toys like bodyboards to him to play with .
Mr Thompson says those taking a negative approach to Moko 's presence should " get a life " .
" It 's absolute bulls ..t , " he said .
Former national surfing champion Teddy Colbert , who has been riding waves for more than 30 years , echoes Alan Thompson 's words .
" It is a privilege for most of us who get out there , to be hanging out with him .
To me he is only a danger if you want to be stupid .
If you are terrified of him being big and bad , then do n't get in the water with him . "
Some Maori view Moko 's presence as a message from Tangaroa .
Barney Tupara said Moko 's visit was intriguing to Maori .
" For our people , our relationship with the creatures in the sea is very close .
We are sad when a shark or whale dies because they are kaitiaki – guardians of the sea .
To us , Moko has come to these shores for a reason , perhaps for us as a community to have a better understanding of the impact we are having on creatures in the sea .
" We play in the sea , but it 's foreign territory for us – they live , abide and thrive there .
If he is being aggressive or overly playful , do n't be afraid of him – he might be telling you to move to a safer place , or that you 're disturbing something under the water .
" Work with him , and listen to him . "
For the longest time the only worthwhile network manage ( especially of the wireless kind ) was the GNOME Network Manager .
Once KDE hit release 4 their network manager KNetwork Manager was plagued with issues to the point where it was nearly unusable .
KDE 4.3 is out now and the KNetwork Manager has matured quite a bit .
Now this KDE tool has reached a point where it not only works consistently , it 's also quite easy to use - almost surpassing the GNOME Network Manager in user - friendliness .
But for those who have grown to depend on other means of connecting to the net ( in KDE 4.x ) by other means , the KNetwork Manager might seem a bit unfamiliar .
In this tutorial you will see just how easy it has become to connect to a network ( specifically a wireless network ) with the help of KNetwork Manager .
Installation
You will be glad to know that there is no installation necessary for KNetwork Manager .
But you will want to make sure you have the latest KDE updates .
But you will want to make sure you are using the most recent version of KDE ( As of this writing , KDE 4.3.2 ) .
To find out what version you are using open up the Dolphin file manager , go to the Help menu , and click " About KDE " .
If you are using a version prior to 4.3.2 you will want to go to your update manager and check to see if there are any updates for KDE .
Accessing KNetwork Manager
If you look in the notification area you will find the KNetwork Manager icon ( see the icon in the black square in Figure 1 ) .
If you click this icon ( either right or left click ) a menu will pop up that :
Shows you if you are connected to a network .
Allows you to stop an active network connection .
Connect to a new network .
Enable / disable wireless .
Open the connection manager .
To create a new wireless connection either select " Connect to Other Network " or open the Connection Manager .
Let 's start from the Connection Manager .
Select that entry to open up the Connection Manager ( see Figure 2 ) .
As you can see there are already two network connections available .
Let 's create a third .
In order to create a new network click the Add button , which will open up the New Network tool ( see Figure 3 ) .
In this tool you can either add all of the information manually or you can click the Scan button to find the network you want to add .
The scan tool is one of my favorite aspects of the new KNetwork Manager .
The Access Point Scanner ( see Figure 4 ) gives you a graphical representation of all available wireless networks and their relative signal strength .
Obviously the network that appears closest to the PC icon in the window will have the strongest strength .
And since that is the network I want to connect to I will select it and click OK .
Unfortunately , by selecting a particular access point , the only configuration this adds to your connection is the SSID .
You will have to go through the rest of the configuration and set the connection up .
Make sure you click on the Wireless Security tab ( see Figure 5 ) , select the proper security type , and enter the correct password for the security .
Once you have configured the connection you can OK this window to apply the changes and dismiss the connection wizard .
All you then need to do is click the KNetwork Manager icon and select your new network connection to connect .
Final thoughts
I am very pleased with how the KNetwork Manager tool has matured .
Prior to 4.3.2 , the network tool was nothing I would ever recommend .
Now , however , I can safely recommend this network manager to anyone .
Summary Article Name Manage your network with the new KNetwork Manager Description
In this tutorial you will see just how easy it has become to connect to a network ( specifically a wireless network ) with the help of KNetwork Manager .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
The annual “ conservative - palooza ” commonly known as CPAC , or the Conservative Political Action Conference , will be co-sponsored in 2010 by an unlikely group called “ GOProud ” – a group of gay and lesbian Republicans .
If that sounds like strange bedfellows , it ’s not really .
In many ways , GOProud is an ideological fit for the CPAC crowd – if they can get past the whole gay thing .
GOProud was formed by a group of gay Republicans , like Christopher Barron , who found the traditional gay Republican group , the Log Cabin Republicans , to be far too liberal for their tastes :
“ Essentially , there ’s no voice for gay Republicans or gay conservatives in particular in D.C. right now .
Log Cabin has been completely and totally absent here in D.C. for months and months , ” Barron ( a former Log Cabin political director ) said .
” It has simply moved way too far from the left and is basically indistinguishable from any other gay left organization . ”
If conservative Christian members of CPAC have their way , Barron and his group will have no voice in their new chosen home either :
Liberty University Chancellor Jerry Falwell , Jr. , and Liberty Counsel founder and chairman Mat Staver have sent a letter to American Conservative Union chairman David Keene , warning him they will boycott CPAC 2010 if the homosexual activist group GOProud is allowed to remain as a co-sponsor of the February event .
Why on earth would conservatives shun other conservatives simply because they are gay ?
Gary Glenn , president of the American Family Association of Michigan , was one of the first social conservative leaders to sign the letter .
He believes CPAC ’s embrace of GOProud is symptomatic of a broader problem — what he calls the “ dumbing down of the pro-family stand in the public policy arena . ”
If “ dumbing down ” is something that concerns Glenn , why is n’t he , Falwell and their cohorts protesting against another co-sponsor of next year ’s event : The John Birch Society .
Calling the Birchers “ the fringe of the fringe ” on the right , Rachel Maddow used part of her show last week to recount some of the society ’s proud conservative history , including calling President Dwight D. Eisenhower , “ a dedicated , conscious agent of the communist conspiracy . ”
The John Birch Society also contended that fluoride being added to drinking water was a communist mind control plot and they contended that the secret conspiracy to destroy America encompassed everything from that darn fluoride to the League of Women Voters and the Civil Rights Act .
The John Birch Society was , in fact , so opposed to civil rights that they responded to the Supreme Court ’s Brown versus Board of Education decision to desegregate schools with billboards calling for the impeachment of the Supreme Court ‘s chief justice .
The John Birch Society campaigned way back against the United Nations as again , part of the big communist conspiracy .
They ’re still actually keeping the anti-U.N. campaign going .
Also , on the current John Birch Society agenda , opposing “ Invictus . ”
Yes , the new movie about Nelson Mandela and the 1995 South African rugby team .
They ’re opposing that because , quote , “ Mandela is nothing more than a communist - terrorist thug . ”
So , let ’s review , conservative Christians demand that CPAC ditch the group that wants equality for a group of human beings – American taxpaying citizens – commonly known as gays and lesbians in marriage , housing , employment and the military – but has no problem with a group that opposes fluoride in the water , school integration , the United Nations , and Nelson Mandela .
We report , you decide .
By Nigel Wrench
BBC Radio 4's PM programme
Remember the cassette ?
Mix tapes and mangled favourites in the car stereo ?
It 's back .
As an art object .
In 1989 Britain was a nation in love with the pre-recorded cassette .
We bought 83 million that year .
It was the peak of the little plastic music box 's popularity .
Twenty years on , you would be forgiven for imagining the format was all but dead .
The British Phonographic Institute says just 8,443 were sold in 2009 .
But that number hides a new trend .
In a digital age artists are turning to the cassette as an intriguing and challenging format - a ready - made frame for sound art .
In London , a tiny label called The Tapeworm has been quietly producing cassette - only releases since last summer , each one limited to 250 copies .
Most have sold out .
" We do not view this as a dead format , " says The Tapeworm 's Philip Marshall .
" We do not view this as something which does not have a place right now .
Just sitting back listening to a cassette Walkman on a bus , everyone stares at you [ as if you are ] a bit strange
Kyle Wright , Tape Fiend
" We were looking for a way to edition music in small runs that was cost effective and would also make the artists we were commissioning think about the ' a ' and the ' b ' " .
He is referring to the ' a ' and ' b ' sides of the cassette .
" There 's a lost art to the ' a ' and the ' b ' , " he says of downloaded music in particular , " a lost art to a sequence of music , a lost art to the album . "
A typically leftfield offering comes sound artist Vicki Bennett , who has recorded two elderly women reading from the work of the French philosopher Jean Baudrillard , complete with instructions to turn the tape over at the end of side one .
" I thought it would be amusing to do an audiobook , " she says .
" But also the context of the cassette has changed and now it 's almost an art form .
So I thought I would make a piece of high art on cassette . "
Other releases include work by the composer Simon Fisher Turner , best known for his soundtracks to the films of Derek Jarman .
' Neat experience ' " You can make funny noises with cassettes , " says Mr Turner , a lifelong cassette enthusiast .
" You can do all sorts of things .
It 's just cute .
Kids love them .
And not just kids .
I 'm 55 and I love them . "
In the US , cassette racks are returning to some alternative music stores .
One music blog lists 101 cassette labels .
Tape Fiend is run by Kyle Wright , and each of his releases is individually numbered like a limited edition art print .
" It 's definitely a neat experience listening to a cassette , " he says .
One of The Tapeworm 's cassette - only releases " In the day of the iPod , when everyone is listening to crystal clear or supposedly crystal clear music on their headphones , just sitting back listening to a cassette Walkman on a bus , everyone stares at you [ as if you are ] a bit strange . "
Berlin record producer and techno DJ Stefan Goldmann calls the new fascination with the cassette " format fetishism " .
" We just take the format and think what makes sense in this particular format , rather than creating the music first and then finding the appropriate format , " he says .
Mr Goldmann 's Have n't I Seen You Before will be The Tapeworm 's 12th release , featuring him playing languid electric guitar , sequenced , looped and designed to pick up seamlessly if you press AutoReverse on a cassette deck or simply turn the tape over .
Vicki Bennett , meanwhile , predicts more to come .
" Next up is the MiniDisc .
I think the MiniDisc will return because it was a fantastic editing object .
" It 's actually the beginning of a resurgence of older technology in the same way they got rid of vinyl records and now they 're are selling more again . "
Nigel Wrench 's report can be heard on BBC Radio 4's PM at 1700 BST on Tuesday and is available on the programme 's website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On January 2 , 2010 , one million candles were lit in cities throughout Indonesia in honor of Abdurrahman Wahid , the former Indonesian President who died three days earlier [ 1 ] .
As a tribute , Indonesian leader Sudsilo Bambang Yudhoyono reminded mourners that Wahid had made Indonesians “ realize and respect the diversity of ideas and identities brought about by differences in faiths , beliefs , ethnicity and locality ” .
Dr. Yudhoyono declared Wahid “ the father of pluralism and multiculturalism in Indonesia . ” [ 2 ]
Following three decades of iron - fisted rule under Soeharto [ commonly spelled “ Suharto ” ] and an initially difficult transition under B.J. Habibie , Wahid ’s approach towards a more open and tolerant society seemed like a welcome change .
Wahid paved the way for a stable democracy in the world ’s largest Muslim nation , a circumstance that he negotiated against the odds , giving the world a glimpse of his willingness to reach out and govern for all Indonesians .
Amidst the backdrop of the 1999 Indonesian elections one year after mass street protests forced Soeharto to step down one year earlier , Wahid forged his reputation as a consensus builder , helping to negotiate a settlement resulting in Megawati taking the vice - presidency [ 3 ] .
Throughout his leadership , Wahid pushed for a more secular Indonesia .
Even after being deposed by parliament , he remained dignified and stuck to his core beliefs .
These actions may soon be rewarded .
The decision of Mrs. Megawati Sukarno - led opposition PDI -P ( Indonesian Democratic Party for Struggle ) to nominate Wahid a national hero for his efforts to promote democracy and protect minority groups provides a glimpse of how he altered Indonesia ’s political establishment [ 4 ] .
While Wahid ’s elevation to this rare posthumous honor should not be questioned , for his deeds as a diplomat and peacemaker certainly rank him as a great leader , is this a poisoned chalice ?
Two days after Wahid ’s public memorial service , on January 4 2009 , the Jakarta Globe reported that factional in - fighting within his own party threatened to mock the elevation of ‘ Gus Dur ’ to hero status .
According to the Globe , Abdul Karding , committee chairman of the party that Wahid led , the PKB ( National Awakening Party ) , is planning to invite members of the Ministry of Social Affairs to the parliamentary house chamber to lodge the official request , as factional in - fighting over the possibility of party unification casts a shadow over what should be a momentous occasion . [ 5 ]
Never one to forget his humble upbringing in rural Indonesia , Abdurrahman Wahid , or Gus Dur as he was known domestically , preferred to spend time with the people , shunning the behavior expected of him as a leader .
Foundation chairman of the Australia - Indonesia Institute , Bruce Grant , spoke glowingly of a man who felt more at ease mixing with voters and riding trams in Melbourne on official visits to Australia , rather than accept the insular world associated with the VIP lifestyle of a national leader .
Wahid believed that relations between Jakarta and Canberra should have a deeper meaning rather than one relying on meetings between official delegations , despite the ongoing presence of Australian soldiers in East Timor during his presidency , following the former Portuguese colony ’s decision to secede from Indonesia in 1999 [ 6 ] .
One of Wahid ’s greatest passions was to grant more rights to the ethnic Chinese , whose cultural practices had been suppressed for so long by Soeharto .
The military , who were given a free reign to conduct mass intimidation tactics , had their influence upon government removed .
Gus Dur sacked General Wiranto , the man widely regarded as engineering the Indonesian military ’s terrorizing of East Timor ’s civilian population throughout the 1990s .
As president , he sent a message to the once indomitable army that the privileges enjoyed under Soeharto no longer applied .
Wahid apologized to the Timorese people for the crimes committed by the military between 1974 and 1999 .
This appeared to be a personal goal towards reconciliation and normalizing relations between Jakarta and Dili .
While harmonious relations between the natural resource rich areas of East Timor and West Papua were priorities , Wahid ’s greatest efforts were reserved for the province of Aceh .
To promote strong relations between the Muslim population and other faiths for the province of Aceh that was devastated by the 2004 tsunami , which killed more than 250,000 and displaced more than one and a half million residents [ 7 ] .
For the Buddhist Chinese community , Wahid overturned a 35 year old ban in Aceh implemented by President Soeharto on the lion dance known as barongsai in 2000 .
However , the ban was re-imposed eight days before Wahid ’s death for what a local official described as “ the sake of interfaith relations ” , preventing a display in honor of the tsunami victims .
The dance , the official said , was refused a public permit due to “ not having been introduced to the people . [ 8 ] ” Under Wahid ’s presidency , Aceh was granted the right to implement shariah law , provided that it did not contain any use of harsh punishments that violated human rights and Indonesia ’s Constitution .
Andi Nusran , a Jakarta - based expert on state administration indicated would fail in Aceh , cited that such a call would not work , as the province was granted “ special privilege ” to be respected and preserved under the Constitution . [ 9 ]
Critics argued that his peace negotiations which eventually led to the adoption of shariah law was an attempt at “ half - hearted autonomy ” , and Wahid himself admitted that , “ it ( regional autonomy ) has been too hastily arranged . [ 10 ] ”
Diplomatically , Wahid talked of extended his grand vision to developing bilateral relations with Israel , a partnership that still not been formulated to this day , and an issue that according to the former president , should have been a mere formality based on past precedents .
In a 2002 interview with Australian current affairs show Foreign Correspondent , Wahid indicated that it was time for Jakarta to recognize Israel ’s existence based on its religious beliefs , alluding to the country ’s previous acceptance of atheist nations such as Russia and China in years gone by . [ 11 ]
In the same interview in which he attacked the use of suicide bombings in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in the name of Islam , referring to the late PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat as “ a weakling .
He ’s very weak .
He cannot control the fundamentalists [ 12 ] . ”
Such straightforward thoughts , although delivered outside from the realms of office , were one reason for his eventually impeachment in 2001 .
Wahid ’s personable approach and ability to speak from the heart did not win over everybody in parliament and the electorate .
From the beginning of 2001 , it became clear that some of the problems that led to Soeharto ’s dismissal were also problems for Wahid .
His failure to address the economic realities such as a declining value of the Indonesian rupiah set off panic similar to the scenes leading up to the International Monetary Financial crisis that led to the country ’s economy crashing in 1998 .
In February 2001 , Wahid sensed that the writing was on the wall when he declared , “ After becoming president , it became apparent that before me there was nothing but jagged debris , the ruined wreck of the former administration — an enormous foreign debt , an economy in disorder , social injustices , conflagrations and accusations springing up everywhere . ” [ 13 ]
Wahid was impeached for alleged corruption , involving the illegal use of $ AUD 2 million of public money and $ AUD 4 million from the Sultan of Brunei .
He consistently denied the charges , saying that his political rivals of conducting a smear campaign to oust him from office [ 14 ] .
Tired of Wahid ’s refusal to present his version of events and wanting to avoid a repeat economic collapse , Parliament ignored Wahid ’s calls for a declaration of a state of emergency and voted him out of office .
As Wahid faced down the tanks from his a balcony of the presidential palace dressed in shorts and sandals , unaware of proceedings , the man who set the path for Indonesia ’s democracy in motion had his presidency in circumstances as tumultuous as they began .
Vice - President Mrs. Megawati was installed over as interim leader until 2004 , when Sudsilo Bambang Yudyohono won the elections .
Wahid was never tried over the accusations .
In his post - political years , Wahid suffered a series of strokes which led to him being confined to a wheelchair .
But he remained in the public eye about domestic politics , determined to be contribute to Indonesia ’s rise as Southeast Asia ’s shining democratic example to the world .
He also opened the Wahid Institute , a body which aims to uphold a vision for close relations between the West and a progressive Islamic society .
The passing of Abdurrahman Wahid on Wednesday 30 December , 2009 , marked a sad day in not just the short history of Indonesia ’s democratic tenure , but also throughout the Asia - Pacific region .
Wahid ’s achievements have done much to sell the message that Indonesia plays a more prominent role in regional affairs , and that its cultural diversity , embracing of democratic principles and respect for minority and civilian rights rate among its greatest selling points .
A leader ahead of his time , Gus Dur is thoroughly deserving of elevation to hero status for his role in providing Indonesia with a bright future .
__________
[ 1 ] Jakarta Post , Tonight , One Million Candles for Gus Dur , January 2 , 2010 , http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2010/01/02/tonight-one-million-candles-gus-dur.html
[ 2 ] BBC , Ex-Indonesia Abdurrahman Wahid dies , 31 December 2009 , http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8435720.stm
[ 3 ]
Official results of the Indonesian Legislative Election on June 7 , 1999 , show that the PDI - P collected 35,706,618 votes compared to the PKB ’s total of 13,336,963 .
In October , the People ’s Collective Assembly , comprising of 500 members of the People ’s Representative Council and 200 nominated members met to vote for the positions of President and Vice - President of the Republic of Indonesia .
On 20 October , Abdurrahman Wahid defeated Megawati Sukarnoputri by 373 votes to 313 for the position of President .
Mrs. Megawati defeated Hamzah Haz the United Development Party ( PPP ) 396 to 284 Source : http://www.seasite.niu.edu/Indonesian/Indonesian_Elections/Election_text.htm
[ 4 ] Jakarta Post , PDI -P to Nominate Gus Dur as National Her , January 2,2010 , http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2010/01/02/pdip-nominate-gus-dur-national-hero.html
[ 5 ] Jakarta Globe , Is Gus Dur ’s Wish for Indonesian Party Peace on the Rocks ? , January 4 , 2010 , http://thejakartaglobe.com/home/is-gus-durs-wish-for-indonesian-party-peace-on-the-rocks/350639
[ 6 ] Grant , B. ( 2010 ) , Indonesian leader was a man for all people , The Sunday Age , January 1 , pg. 21
[ 7 ]
ABC Radio Australia , Many Aceh tsunami victims still awaiting homes , December 24 2009 , http://www.radioaustralia.net.au/asiapac/stories/200912/s2780619.htm
[ 8 ] The Malaysian Insider , ( 2009 ) , Controversy over lion dance ban in Aceh tsunami event , December 22 , http://www.themalaysianinsider.com/index.php/world/47299-controversy-over-lion-dance-ban-in-aceh-tsunami-event
[ 9 ] Nurdin Hasan and Dessy Sagita ( 2009 ) , Aceh Prepares to See Stonings , Lashings as Law , Jakarta Globe , September 9 , 2009 : http://thejakartaglobe.com/home/aceh-prepares-to-see-stonings-lashings-as-law/328853
[ 10 ] Jakarta Post ( 2000 ) , Abudrrahman Wahid implements half - hearted autonomy , December 21 , http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2000/12/21/abdurrahman-wahid-implements-halfhearted-autonomy.html
[ 11 ] Quote taken from Foreign Correspondent , ABC TV , “ Interview with Abdurrahman Wahid ” , April 17 , 2002 .
http://www.abc.net.au/foreign/stories/s551141.htm[12]
Ibid
[ 13 ] Mydans , S. , ( 2001 ) , Indonesia ’s leader seems to be on the way out the door , New York Times , April 30 , http://www.nytimes.com/2001/04/30/world/indonesia-s-leader-seems-to-be-on-way-out-the-door.html
[ 14 ] ABC News Radio , “ Wahid faces impeachment over corruption allegations ” , February 1 , 2001 http://www.abc.net.au/worldtoday/stories/s240618.htm
Alexis de Tocqueville ,
“ What good does it do me , after all , if an ever - watchful authority keeps an eye out to ensure that my pleasures will be tranquil and races ahead of me to ward off all danger , sparing me the need even to think about such things , if that authority , even as it removes the smallest thorns from my path , is also absolute master of my liberty and my life ; if it monopolizes vitality and existence to such a degree that when it languishes , everything around it must also languish ; when it sleeps , everything must also sleep ; and when it dies , everything must also perish ?
There are some nations in Europe whose inhabitants think of themselves in a sense as colonists , indifferent to the fate of the place they live in .
The greatest changes occur in their country without their cooperation .
They are not even aware of precisely what has taken place .
They suspect it ; they have heard of the event by chance .
More than that , they are unconcerned with the fortunes of their village , the safety of their streets , the fate of their church and its vestry .
They think that such things have nothing to do with them , that they belong to a powerful stranger called “ the government . ”
They enjoy these goods as tenants , without a sense of ownership , and never give a thought to how they might be improved .
They are so divorced from their own interests that even when their own security and that of their children is finally compromised , they do not seek to avert the danger themselves but cross their arms and wait for the nation as a whole to come to their aid .
Yet as utterly as they sacrifice their own free will , they are no fonder of obedience than anyone else .
They submit , it is true , to the whims of a clerk , but no sooner is force removed than they are glad to defy the law as a defeated enemy .
Thus one finds them ever wavering between servitude and license .
When a nation has reached this point , it must either change its laws and mores or perish , for the well of public virtue has run dry : in such a place one no longer finds citizens but only subjects . ”
A newspaper from July 20th , 1969 !
A newspaper from Michigan !
A $ 50 donation in my name !
A UNICORN HAT !
I 'm going to have to whip up a sweet shadowbox for that paper when I get back to the States .
The unicorn hat has become the official " dump hat " - which is just what it sounds like .
A hat you wear to poop .
We 're working on finding a ( hopefully local to my Santa ) charity to donate to .
I 'll update that when we figger it out .
This is the spirit of our reddit secret santa that I absolutely love !
Resalto , a long - standing social centre in Keratsini , Athens , was raided on Saturday afternoon by strong police forces who detained around 20 people in relation to the coming protest marches for the first anniversary of the assassination of Alexandros Grigoropoulos .
At around 17:00 strong police forces smashed the front doors and windows and invaded Resalto , the anarchist social centre of Keratsini , a proletarian suburb of Peiraeus .
The police detained more than 20 people who have been taken to Athens police headquarters .
The unprecedented invasion in a social centre ( not a squat ) comes as an escalation of state preventive repression on the eve of the two days of protest marches in memory of Alexandros Grigoropoulos , the 15 year old anarchist assassinated at point blank by cops last year in Exarcheia sparking the December Uprising .
Claims by the police that the space was used as a laboratory for explosives are astounding given that the centre is an open space used by the neighbourhood on daily bases .
The bourgeois media report that this is a first leg of an operation involving storming many anarchist havens around the city .
During Saturday 5/6/09 , the day before the first anniversary of the assassination of Alexandros Grigoropoulos , torrential rains swept the country making public demonstrations difficult .
Nevertheless , in Salonica anarchists and anti-authoritarians occupied the city ’s oldest cinema , Olympion , a symbol of prosperity in the most central spot of the city ’s main boulevard , Aristotelous .
The radicals announced that the occupation will last until Monday and have published a list of screenings and discussions regarding the December Uprising and the coming insurections .
At the same time , leftists formed a march in Salonica after briefly occupying the White Tower , ex-Ottoman prison and main symbol of the city , where they hang a large vertical banner reading : “ The revolt is always just ” .
Later on the day , a bus was attacked on the main avenue of the city when the driver reacted to students spraying slogans on its sides – the bus was smashed with rocks .
A protest march also took to the main shopping area of Athens , Ermou , during the previous night without any damages done to the shops which were largely destroyed during last year ’s uprising .
The situation at the time of writing in Exarcheia was forbidding .
Apart from the torrential rain the streets are filled by thousands of cops who , on the pretext of two molotovs dropped against a parked car , have evacuated Exarcheia square with the use of blast grenades , have cordonned off the entire Exarcheia and surrounded the occupied Polytechneio .
Several people have been detained .
This marks a outspoken breach of the government ’s pledge to allow the commemoration of Alexandros ’ assassination .
10.000 cops are reported to be in operation in Athens for the prevention of riots .
In an effort to contain anything resembling last year ’s troubles , the state has been pressuring street - cleaners and garbage - collectors to end their strike which has filled Athens streets with piles of garbage the police claims can be used as projectiles or flaming barricades in the following days .
The workers have refused to cooperate .
As a result the notoriously extreme - right mayor of Athens has started a process to render their strike illegal .
At the same time the occupations of universities across the country have risen to 50 .
Dennis Kucinich 's proposed congressional effort to end the Afghanistan war has gained a dozen bipartisan cosponsors during the week the Cleveland Democrat has circulated it .
Here 's the cosponsor list provided by Kucinich 's office : John Conyers , Jr. ; ( D - MI ) ; Ron E. Paul ( R - TX ) ; Roscoe Bartlett ( R - MD ) ; Bob Filner ( D - CA ) ; Walter Jones , Jr. ( R-NC ) ; Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) ; Edward Whitfield ( R- KY ) ; Michael Capuano ( D - MA ) ; Timothy V. Johnson ( R - IL ) ; Raúl M. Grijalva ( D - AZ ) ; Eric Massa ( D - NY ) ; and Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) .
" At a time when 15 milllion people are unemployed we cannot continue spending hundreds of billions of dollars on disastrous wars , " Kucinich said in a press release .
" My resolution will force a debate and vote on the war in Afghanistan .
Congress must reassert its constitutional authority to start and end wars . "
Kucinich 's office said a similar privileged resolution to end the war in Pakistan will be introduced at a later date .
Privileged resolutions require a House of Representatives debate within 15 days of introduction .
Marmot Mountain Ltd. , the Santa Rosa maker of outdoor gear bought out of bankruptcy 11 years ago by its employees , has been acquired by sports equipment giant K2 Inc. for $ 84 million in cash and stock .
Marmot President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Crisafulli said Thursday the company will stay in Santa Rosa and he expects it to expand as Marmot takes on developing new apparel lines for K2 and its subsidiaries .
" It 's a great opportunity for the workers at Marmot .
It means more responsibility and opportunities , " he said .
" Our business and brand is very strong .
We 'll just continue to grow . "
The transaction is the largest buyout of a nontelecom company in Sonoma County since Bear Stearns Merchant Banking of New York purchased Petaluma 's CamelBak , a maker of water packs , for $ 210 million last year .
Marmot employs 100 people in Santa Rosa and about another 20 in Europe and Asia .
In Santa Rosa , Marmot has its corporate offices , design team , marketing team , procurement , warehouse and U.S. distribution center .
It also has warehouses and distribution facilities in Canada and the Netherlands .
Marmot was founded in 1974 in Colorado and moved to Santa Rosa in 1991 .
When the company that owned Marmot , Odyssey International , went bankrupt , employees bought Marmot in 1993 .
The following year it had sales of $ 12 million .
Since then , the company 's sales have jumped fivefold and are expected to top $ 74 million this year .
Under the terms of the K2 buyout , the 45 employees who owned about half of the company will share $ 42 million in stock and cash .
The other half of the company is owned by investors .
Marmot - which makes high - quality outdoor apparel and equipment , including outdoor wear , ski wear , tents , packs and sleeping bags - reported sales of $ 63 million in 2003 .
The company has a reputation for top - flight gear in an industry packed with thousands of small specialty manufacturers and a few big players .
The products are manufactured in Vietnam , Thailand , China and Bangladesh and are distributed in 34 countries .
K2 also signed acquisition agreements this week with two other sports companies , Volkl Sports Holding AG of Germany and Marker Group of New Hampshire , for about $ 124 million in stock , cash and assumed debt .
Volkl makes skis and Marker makes ski bindings .
Based in Carlsbad , K2 has acquired more than a dozen sporting goods companies since 2002 when Richard Heckmann took over as chief executive officer .
The company had sales in excess of $ 700 million in 2003 .
The company is aiming to be a bigger player in the increasingly consolidated sporting goods retail market .
It now includes 35 brands that offer products in snow sports , baseball , water sports , skating , backpacking and fishing .
This acquisition will allow K2 to expand into sales of sports apparel .
Crisafulli said K2 is buying Marmot 's apparel manufacturing know - how .
The transaction , which includes K2's assumption of Marmot 's debt , is expected to be completed by June 30 .
K2 shares closed up 36 cents at $ 15.46 on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday .
Hundreds of birdsâ€ ” including this loon pictured on the Oregon coastâ€ ” are washing up on the shores of the U.S. Pacific Northwest coated with a foamy sea slime , scientists say .
The slime , which comes from algae blooms in the ocean , saps the waterproofing ability of the birds ' feathers , experts say .
Untold hundreds have died , succumbing to hypothermia or predators such as eagles , Holcomb added .
Nearly 500 of the slimed birds have been transported to the rescue center in Fairfield , California , which was specially built to care for coastal wildlife contaminated with oil .
Many of the slime victims have been released .
Several hundred more birds are also being treated at facilities in Oregon and Washington State .
Article continues : http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2009/10/091030-sea-slime-birds-picture.html
PHOTO CREDIT : NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The family of a mother who gave her brain - damaged son a lethal heroin injection last night demanded a change in the law on mercy killing as she was jailed for life .
They said they were standing by Frances Inglis ( 57 ) who tearfully told the Old Bailey that she killed 22 - year - old son Tom to end his " living hell " .
Inglis , of Dagenham , east London , was jailed for a minimum term of nine years after being found guilty of murder and attempted murder by a jury .
But outside court her older son Alex ( 26 ) said he and his family supported his mother " 100 pc " and called for a " complete rethink of existing laws " .
He said : " All those who loved , and were close to Tom , have never seen this as murder , but as a loving and courageous act . "
The court heard how Mr Inglis had suffered severe head injuries when he fell out of a moving ambulance in July 2007 .
Revived
His mother , who worked as a carer for disabled children , first tried to end his life two months after the accident when he was being treated at Queens Hospital in Romford , Essex .
His heart stopped for six minutes but he was revived .
She was charged with attempted murder before successfully trying again in November 2008 , after barricading herself in her son's room at the Gardens nursing home in Hertfordshire .
Inglis gave an emotionally - charged account to jurors of how she had " no choice " but to end his life and had done it " with love " .
But Judge Brian Barker , the Common Serjeant of London , directed them that no one had the " unfettered right " to take the law into their own hands .
Inglis , a slight figure in a green cardigan , sat quietly in the dock .
There were cries of " shame on you " as jurors returned the verdicts , each by a majority of 10 - 2 , but the judge told them : " You could not have had a more difficult case . "
Alex Inglis said : " What this case , and a number of others have exposed , is a need for a complete rethink of existing laws in regard to people that have been , and will be , in the same position as Tom . "
The court heard Inglis was appalled to learn the only way her son's life could be ended lawfully was for nutrition to be removed .
Her son said : " How can it be legal to withhold food and water , which means a slow and painful death , yet illegal to end all suffering in a quick , calm and loving way ?
It 's cruel , inhumane and illogical . "
He added : " All of the family and Tom 's girlfriend support my mum 100 pc . "
During the trial Inglis wept as she described her despair at the " horror , pain and tragedy " of her son 's helpless condition .
" For Tom to live that living hell -- I could n't leave my child like that , " she told the Old Bailey .
Distraught
She admitted ending his life but said : " I did it with love in my heart , for Tom , so I do n't see it as murder . "
Jurors heard how Inglis , seen as a " pillar of the community " , was driven to scouring the streets looking for heroin after she decided her son would not have wanted to carry on living .
She refused to accept the encouraging prognosis of a consultant , who said he may one day recover enough to run his own business .
The distraught mother told the court : " I felt I would rather he go to heaven than to hell on earth .
I know Tom would not want to live .
He had lost his life . "
Inglis thought her bedridden son was in " terrible pain " as he suffered fits of sweating and frothing at the mouth .
She wept in the witness box as she described the moment she killed him .
" He was in bed .
I told him that I loved him and I took the syringe and injected him in each thigh and in his arm and held him and told him I loved him , told him everything would be fine , " she said .
Irish Independent
The New York Times Magazine quotes Harry Reid as saying Joe Lieberman ' double - crossed ' him on health care reform .
Reid , Lieberman clash over letter
For the second time in a week , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) finds himself at the center of a political imbroglio stemming from something that he said in private that was subsequently broadcast to the outside world by unnamed sources .
Just as the furor over Reid ’s racially charged remarks about President Barack Obama seemed to be fading , a new controversy was brewing over a soon - to - be published story in The New York Times Magazine that quotes Reid as telling unnamed associates that Sen.
Joe Lieberman “ double - crossed ” him on health care reform .
Advertisement
Reid reportedly accused the Connecticut independent of blindsiding him last month when he went on “ Face the Nation ” and declared that he ’d have “ a hard time ” backing a Reid - brokered Medicare compromise in the health care bill .
But Leiberman is pushing back hard — and to make his case , he has provided POLITICO with a private letter he wrote Reid setting out his concerns before he aired them on national TV .
In a preview of a magazine profile of Reid posted Wednesday on the newspaper ’s website , reporter Adam Nagourney writes that Reid was infuriated by Lieberman ’s Dec. 13 , 2009 , appearance on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
Reid felt betrayed , Nagourney reports , because Lieberman had reportedly given him the impression he would back leadership during a closed - door meeting two days earlier .
After Lieberman ’s bombshell interview , according to Nagourney , an incensed Reid fumed to unnamed associates , “ He double - crossed me .
...
Let ’s not do what he wants .
Let the bill just go down . ”
Eventually , Reid — who in early 2009 shielded Lieberman from attempts to strip him of a key committee chairmanship — relented and ditched the Medicare plan to salvage the bill .
The Times ’s account of Reid ’s behavior squares with what many Democratic aides have been saying privately for weeks : that Lieberman in private had assured Democrats he ’d go along with Reid but changed his tune at the moment of his greatest political leverage .
But Lieberman adviser Marshall Wittmann said Lieberman made it “ crystal clear ” to Reid that the Medicare proposal was a deal killer .
He says Lieberman “ does not believe Sen .
Reid would say the words attributed to him . ”
Reid ’s office had no comment .
And Nagourney stands behind the story , saying , “ There ’s no question , and no one is disputing , that Reid felt double - crossed by what Lieberman did . ”
But Wittmann says that assertion has no basis in fact , and he took the extraordinary step of providing a copy of a private letter written by Lieberman to Reid on Dec. 10 , three days before the CBS appearance .
In it , Lieberman voices objections to the deal but stops short of explicitly saying he would vote against it .
“ Regarding the ‘ Medicare buy - in ’ proposal , the more I learn about it , the less I like it , ” Lieberman writes in the letter , which was marked “ Personal and Confidential ” and copied to Sens.
Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) and Mark Pryor ( D - Ark . ) .
“ There are also concerns about what impact this Medicare buy - in idea would have on Medicare solvency and Medicare premiums , ” he added .
“ I have a feeling I will not be the only member of our caucus who will not want to see this Medicare buy - in proposal adopted . ”
Democratic aides familiar with the situation scoffed at the letter , seizing on the fact that Lieberman never explicitly made clear his intention to oppose the Medicare effort — and dismissing it as an attempt by Lieberman to preserve his reputation .
“ He put it in writing because he needed to find a way to slink back from the previous commitment he made to the leader , ” said a Democratic staffer .
Lieberman , astutely anticipating the wave of liberal criticism , acknowledged he backed a “ similar idea [ that ] was part of the Democratic platform of 2000 which I ran on with Al Gore ” but denied his reversal was a flip - flop .
“ That was a very different time , ” he said , contrasting his two positions .
“ The federal government had a surplus [ in 2000 ] , Medicare was n’t facing imminent bankruptcy , and there was n’t a health care reform bill that created a vast new system of subsidies and tax credits and exchanges . ”
Lieberman also took a swipe at House progressives who backed the expansion of Medicare to people older than 55 , writing that the Reid deal would be “ a big step toward a single - payer system as Congressman Anthony Wiener and others have explicitly said . ”
Despite the obvious tension , the tone of Lieberman ’s letter was cordial , at times playful .
At one point , he tells Reid : “ I have great respect for you and great trust in you .
( I even like you . ) ”
He even offered Reid advice on how to handle liberals angry that a Medicare expansion and the public option had been stripped from the bill .
“ My hope is that you can convince our progressive colleagues to declare victory since real people will see real benefits if your bill passes , ” Lieberman wrote .
The Lieberman scrap comes at a sensitive time for the embattled Reid , who must still reconcile the relatively conservative Senate health care bill with a much more liberal House version that contains a public option .
The good news for Reid is that the outcry over his racially insensitive remarks in “ Game Change , ” the tell - all book published by veteran reporters Mark Halperin and John Heilemann , seems to be dying down .
On Wednesday , he got another important statement of support when first lady Michelle Obama told reporters that Reid does n’t owe her an apology — because of his history on African - American issues and his support for her husband .
“ Harry Reid has no need to apologize to me because I know Harry Reid .
I measure people more so on what they do rather than the things they say , ” the first lady said in a roundtable interview with POLITICO and other media outlets .
By Vanessa Barford
BBC News
Slang is sabotaging language , with some teenagers unable to speak in any other way , say critics .
So should it be banned in schools ?
From the Cockney rhyming calls of London 's East End traders to teen speak , slang has always been part of Britain 's rich and diverse language .
A job interview , innit
But young people are increasingly unable to distinguish when it 's appropriate to use it , say some linguists .
Their language is becoming saturated by slang , leaving them ill - equipped to communicate in the wider world .
Paul Kerswill , professor of sociolinguistics at Lancaster University , is studying street language in London .
He says an entirely new dialect is emerging .
" Young people are growing up with a new form of composite language .
It 's a bit cockney , a bit West Indian , a bit West African , with some Bangladeshi and Kuwaiti - and it seems to be replacing traditional cockney . "
This " multicultural English " is now the ordinary way of speaking for many young people , he says .
Instead of just using it to be cool or to fit in with peers , they use it when they speak to everyone .
And those who use it are losing any sense of " appropriacy " - the important skill of turning it on and off in different situations .
FIND OUT MORE ...
Mind Your Slanguage is on BBC Radio 4 at 1100 GMT , Tuesday 8 December
Or listen to it on BBC iPlayer " Appropriacy simply means using the right variety of language for the right context - using business jargon in business meetings , formal English in exams or slang in school playground , " says slang expert Tony Thorne .
" Language is n't just about communication , there is a strong social , political and emotional charge to it . "
Teachers warn of the damage caused by slang and its " sabotage " of literacy , he says .
Do n't say ' innit '
But what is the answer ?
One school in Manchester is so concerned it has recently banned slang .
" It was clear many students found it difficult to get through a sentence without saying ' innit ' or ' do you know what I mean ' , " says Maria Nightingale , principal for operations at the Manchester Academy .
WHAT'S THAT YOU SAID ?
Nang / nanging - excellent Hard , greezy - excellent Allow it - let it go , stop
What 's good - hello I 'm ghost - goodbye Chung , peng - attractive Long - boring Bare - lots of , very Sik - cool Moist or dry - awful , terrible " We 're a business and enterprise academy .
It is really important our youngsters go into the world equipped with the appropriate use of language so they are not disadvantaged . "
Exam results have soared as a consequence , she says .
So should such a ban be more widespread and if it was , would it work ?
It 's a ban that would be impossible to achieve , says Jamaican poet Benjamin Zephaniah .
" There 's no official language police .
When does slang become every day normal use , part of communication ?
I hear politicians ' bigging up ' an organisation or charity - ' big up ' comes straight from Jamaican .
Ann Widdecombe said ' let me fix up ' when she put on her microphone , that 's Jamaican . "
The very nature of English language - and what it means to be British - is its flexibility , he says .
" A long time ago slang was about work .
Market workers , carpenters , public houses , farmers had their own slang .
Now slang comes from people bringing new words from other languages .
Do n't understand their slang ?
You 're not meant to " Zoo came from France , pyjamas from India , shampoo comes from Urdu .
Television is part Latin , part Greek , yet we think of it as one word .
The English language no longer simply belongs to the English , it 's multicultural . "
Slang is also a natural human tendency , says Mr Thorne .
" All groups - it does n't matter whether they are soldiers , policeman , criminals or whatever - always generate to some extent their own language .
It 's not just to communicate information , it 's in order to include people into your group and exclude people out of your group . "
Slang has not become more prevalent , simply more public , he says .
" This kind of language has always been there , but it 's been liberated .
Even in the punk era in the 1970s and 80s , newspapers would n't print slang .
Now there are very few constraints - in media , TV soaps , rap lyrics - it 's much more in your face . "
He said , she said So if banning slang is not the solution , might the key be to understand it better ?
You can slip into the perception there is good language and bad language , and make the false link between bad language and bad people
Prof Kerswill
That 's the conclusion of one sixth form college in south London , which has put slang on the syllabus .
" A - level students learn where slang comes from , " says Dan Clayton , a teacher at St Francis Xavier in Clapham .
" They analyse it linguistically and think about what function it serves in conversations , as well as its links to identity . "
Older generations - which tend to associate slang with the values of American gangster rap culture and social decline - would benefit from studying it too because it would make slang seem less alien , he says .
Education is essential , says Prof Kerswill , so people understand how different social groups speak , and how their language relates to ethnicity or social class .
" You can very quickly slip into the perception that there is good language and bad language , and then make the false link between bad language and bad people . "
Each generation has its own slang
Talking about slang also reinforces a sense of appropriacy , much in the same way as political correctness has made people more sensitive to how language can hurt and discriminate , says Mr Thorne .
And all of us should learn how important it is to spot when slang is inappropriate , says Mr Zephaniah .
" Whether we like it or not , the way we talk affects the way people see us and this can have very serious consequences .
" I see slang like martial arts .
So long as you have strong foundations , you are free to improvise . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
I have absolutely no issue with slang .
It 's part and parcel of growing up .
The thing that I do have an issue with is the number of ' typical '
English kids who now seem to speak with these bizarre accents as standard .
They are totally at odds with their surroundings and upbringing .
If their grandparents were to hear them speaking like that they 'd wonder what the hell had happened to them .
Parents just have to take it on the chin and accept it as a phase .
Will the kids of today still speak like this when they grow up ?
I 'm sure some of the ones who do could well end up jobless .
Mark , Bournemouth
Some words we use today as standard English started as slang , some words have different meanings today than they had 50 years ago .
Slang and its slow progress into standard English is fine .
The reason English is such a popular language is because it adapts well to fit the way it is being used .
French does not , which is why there are so many English words now used in modern French .
Germany actually changed their language and started teaching their children ' new ' German some 30 years ago ( new words in German used to be made by just putting older words together meaning some words were getting very long ) .
They had huge problems with a generation gap where young and old used different words and probably still do .
We should embrace the fact that our language is fluid .
I am not suggesting children should be encourage to make up and use new words all the time , but accepting some of those new words into our everyday language is acceptable , just as removing some obscure words from the dictionary is fine .
Janet , York I 'm a freelance interpreter .
Some months ago I was speaking to the head of one of the UK 's leading schools for training interpreters .
She told me that their biggest problem - one which is growing with each new intake of students - is not necessarily what one might think , i.e : their knowledge of the foreign language from which they are supposed to be interpreting .
It is the quality of the English into which they render it .
It is frequently heavily contaminated by street slang , and they appear to have difficulty grasping the idea that the formal setting of an international diplomatic conference or business meeting requires a completely different register and quality of language .
Rosemary Hill , Geneva , Switzerland
Most young people , and many an adult , uses some kind of slang .
And for the most part , we know when it 's right to use it or not .
However , there are those who in every sense do n't have the capacity to differentiate between the right time and the wrong time to use slang .
Those people are usually the ones for whom learning is at best difficult , and just as with maths or any other academic subject , can't really grasp the English language .
So do n't knock slang - it 's always been around and always will .
Tony , London
Where does Benjamin Zephaniah get the idea that the word " zoo " came from France ?
It 's just an abbreviation of " zoological " .
Perhaps he 's thinking of " menagerie " ?
Stephen , Brighton UK
By all means let people speak slang in their peer groups , when I was younger we had made - up languages as well .
What seems to have changed is the ability to recognise that it is completely inappropriate to use slang in a more formal setting .
Perhaps if we made less effort to mollycoddle and " understand " and simply refused to acknowledge slang things might change ?
Briony , Bristol Clearly you can't ban slang .
But if a student of mine handed in work written in slang , they 'd fail .
Rick Webber , Brighton , UK Public servants , at any level , should never use slang in their dealings with clients .
It does n't impress them and gives the impression you are uneducated .
Using understandable standard English shows responsibility and encourages the public to have confidence in you .
The other day , in a phone shop an assistant approached me and asked " Aw righ ( t ) ma(t ) e ? "
I did n't purchase anything .
Tony Cooley , Walsall
When we talk of soldiers , carpenters or farmers having there own slang , and they may well do , let us at least not confuse slang with jargon which serves a very useful purpose in allowing precise communication within a specific group .
Language quite rightly evolves , as any schoolchild struggling with Shakespeare will be all too aware , so we should n't be too precious about " non-standard " uses of language .
The problem however is that if one group adopts a new dialect , or slang , too quickly and forgets how to communicate in the old one then we have a potentially serious problems .
John , Hamilton , Scotland
For hundreds of years social commentators have been berating the state of language in contemporary society and expecting total collapse of language and yet it has n't happened .
Language is not some monolithic structure but an evolving continuum and slang is simply avant - garde language that may or may not become part of the mainstream .
I expect it is also happening to French , Spanish , German etc etc .
Wicked , innit .
Charles , Hereford
The vernacular has always existed , as has dialect .
People should know / be taught when it 's appropriate to use this ( in informal settings ) and when it's not ( formal including the classroom and when written ) .
Most people master this skill without any trouble .
In my opinion , the classroom should be a formal setting and preclude slang .
CAM , London
Any linguist who believes " appropriacy " is a word should be promptly returned to school and taught to speak English properly .
The word is " appropriateness " .
In any case , this issue crops up once a generation , and probably has ever since language was invented .
I can just imagine a Cro Magnon parent complaining about the Neanderthal slang the kids have picked up .
Steve Bartlett , Hamilton , ON , Canada " Appropriacy " - I had to laugh ...
But on a serious note , we are not teaching " appropriateness " any more - whether that is in speech , writing , dress or behaviour .
Slang is fine in the right context , but it does seem that the more boorish you sound and behave , the more you are admired .
Andy , Horsham , Sussex " ap·pro·pri·acy noun [ U ] 1 . the extent to which sth is suitable or acceptable
2. ( linguistics ) the extent to which a word or phrase sounds correct and natural in relation to the situation it is used in "
( Oxford Advanced Learner 's Dictionary , 7th edition )
Iain Cunningham , Leamington Spa
We really ought to put a stop to this slang entering and ruining the English language , thereby becoming accepted as the norm ; to do this , we should not be accepting these new words and terms into the Oxford English dictionary each year .
Mark , Oxford
No you can't ban certain words .
English became such a powerful language because of it's ability to morph and change .
English is the thief of languages and has always been a bit dodgy .
By all means allow the young folk to use their slang , but they must also know that there is a time and place for it .
John , Glasgow Something that no - one appears to have picked up is that if we allow anarchy in language , it becomes impossible to teach to other countries .
That would mean that if we continue to trade we must embrace other languages ourselves , or become isolated .
Sid Miller , Normandy , France
What annoys me more than anything is adults over 30 years old typing slang in text messages and on social networking sites .
Slang when you are still at school is in away part of growing up , to continue into your 30s is pathetic and in my book shows a complete lack of intelligence .
Ellie , Newbury , Berkshire Ellie - I 'm sure you must use some slang in day - to - day life .
I bet you 've used the term ' bankster ' or ' chav ' .
I 'm in my 20s and even I have great difficulty understanding some of my peers .
I also can't imagine some of my friends being in professional business meetings because of how much they use slang .
You complain about people in their 30s using slang on Facebook but this is fine as it is an appropriate place to use it .
I 'm also certain ( at least I hope ) they know which situations are appropriate to use slang .
The biggest problem is my peer group do n't know when it is appropriate .
In fact , I have sympathy for them - they will continue to struggle in the working world if they are unable to speak formal and coherent English .
Jamie , France Unlike Ellie , most of us have grasped the point that slang exists as a social element , irrespective of age group .
The oldest amongst us will still use slang words , even if these are more likely to be derived from their generation than their great - grandchildren's .
It is not something you can stop , ban , control or legislate against , neither should you consider trying to fix a living language in this way , unless you enjoy exercises in futility .
Some people use slang in ' textspeak ' simply because it is quicker , but the language police out there might also like to consider that such texting slang is in its most appropriate setting .
Appropriateness is the most important consideration in language , not a sterile dissection of the content itself .
Liz , Warwickshire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you have a purifier with the lock eyes on the outside and inside , then you must keep each key easy to reach in an emergency .
In addition , the key must also be the original , not the duplicate .
How many Read More
Malware has been found hidden inside an innocuous ‘ waterfall ’ screensaver .deb file made available on popular artwork sharing site Gnome - Look.org .
The .deb file installs a script with elevated privileges designed to perform a DDoS attack as well as keep itself updated via downloads .
The dodgy screensaver in question has since been removed from gnome - look and this incident was a very basic , if potentially successful , attempt .
If anything this incident highlights the need to be careful what you download and where you download it from .
The Fix
If you fear you may have downloaded or install the screensaver ( which does n’t install a screensaver ) then run the following command in the terminal or seek help from the fix thread on the Ubuntu forums .
By now I 'm accustomed to being the only person in any given room with my particular set of cockamamie politics .
But even within the more familiar confines of the libertarian movement , I am an awkward outlier on the topic of the day ( and the topic of this issue of reason ) : health care .
To put it plainly , when free marketers warn that Democratic health care initiatives will make us more " like France , " a big part of me says , " I wish . "
It 's not that I think it 's either feasible or advisable for the United States to adopt a single - payer , government - dominated system .
But it 's instructive to confront the comparative advantages of one socialist system abroad to sharpen the arguments for more capitalism at home .
For a dozen years now I 've led a dual life , spending more than 90 percent of my time and money in the U.S. while receiving 90 percent of my health care in my wife 's native France .
On a personal level the comparison is no contest : I 'll take the French experience any day .
ObamaCare opponents often warn that a new system will lead to long waiting times , mountains of paperwork , and less choice among doctors .
Yet on all three of those counts the French system is significantly better , not worse , than what the U.S. has now .
Need a prescription for muscle relaxers , an anti-fungal cream , or a steroid inhaler for temporary lung trouble ?
In the U.S. you have to fight to get on the appointment schedule of a doctor within your health insurance network ( I 'll conservatively put the average wait time at five days ) , then have him or her scrawl something unintelligible on a slip of paper , which you take to a drugstore to exchange for your medicine .
You might pay the doc $ 40 , but then his office sends you a separate bill for the visit , and for an examination , and those bills also go to your insurance company , which sends you an adjustment sheet weeks after the doctor 's office has sent its third payment notice .
By the time it 's all sorted out , you 've probably paid a few hundred dollars to three different entities , without having a clue about how or why any of the prices were set .
In France , by contrast , you walk to the corner pharmacist , get either a prescription or over - the - counter medication right away , shell out a dozen or so euros , and you 're done .
If you need a doctor , it 's not hard to get an appointment within a day or three , you make payments for everything ( including X - rays ) on the spot , and the amounts are routinely less than the co-payments for U.S. doctor visits .
I 've had back X - rays , detailed ear examinations , even minor oral surgery , and never have I paid more than maybe €300 for any one procedure .
And it 's not like the medical professionals in France are chopped liver .
In the U.S. , my wife had some lumps in her breast dismissed as harmless by a hurried , indifferent doctor at Kaiser Permanente .
Eight months later , during our annual Christmas visit in Lyon , one of the best breast surgeons in the country detected that the lumps were growing and removed them .
We know that the horrific amount of third - party gobbledygook in America , the cost insensitivity , and the price randomness are all products of bad policies that market reforms could significantly improve .
We know , too , that France 's low retail costs are subsidized by punitively high tax rates that will have to increase unless benefits are cut .
If you are rich and sick ( or a healthy doctor ) , you 're likely better off here .
But as long as the U.S. remains this ungainly public - private hybrid , with ever - tighter mandates producing ever - fewer consumer choices , the average consumer 's health care experience will probably be more pleasing in France .
What 's more , none of these anecdotes scratches the surface of France 's chief advantage , and the main reason socialized medicine remains a perennial temptation in this country :
In France , you are covered , period .
It does n't depend on your job , it does n't depend on a health maintenance organization , and it does n't depend on whether you filled out the paperwork right .
Those who ( like me ) oppose ObamaCare , need to understand ( also like me , unfortunately ) what it 's like to be serially rejected by insurance companies even though you 're perfectly healthy .
It 's an enraging , anxiety - inducing , indelible experience , one that both softens the intellectual ground for increased government intervention and produces active resentment toward anyone who argues that the U.S. has " the best health care in the world . "
Since 1986
I 've missed exactly three days of work due to illness .
I do n't smoke , I do n't ( usually ) do drugs or drink to excess , and I eat a pretty healthy diet .
I have some back pain now and then from a protruding disc , but nothing too serious .
And from 1998 to 2001 , when I was a freelancer in the world 's capital of freelancers ( Los Angeles ) , I could n't get health insurance .
Kaiser rejected me because I had visited the doctor too many times in the 12 months preceding my application ( I filled in the " 3 - 5 times " circle , to reflect the three routine and inexpensive check - ups I 'd had in France ) .
Blue Cross rejected me too .
There were n't many other options .
Months later , an insurance broker told me I 'd ruined my chances by failing to file a written appeal .
" You 're basically done in California , " he said .
" A rejection is like an arrest — if you do n't contest it , you 're guilty , and it's on your permanent record . "
It was n't as if I wanted or needed to consume much health care then .
I was in my early 30s , and I wanted to make sure a catastrophic illness or injury would n't bankrupt my family .
When I finally found a freelance - journalist collective that allowed me and my wife to pay $ 212 a month to hedge against a car accident , it a ) refused to cover pregnancies or childbirths at any price and b ) hiked the monthly rate up to $ 357 after a year .
One of the main attractions of moving from freelance status to a full - time job was the ability to affix a stable price on my health insurance .
This is the exact opposite of the direction in which we should be traveling in a global just - in - time economy , with its ideal of entrepreneurial workers breaking free of corporate command and zipping creatively from project to project .
Do n't even get me started on the Kafkaesque ordeal of switching jobs without taking any time off , yet going uncovered by anything except COBRA for nearly two months even though both employers used the same health insurance provider .
That incident alone cost me thousands of dollars I would n't have paid if I had controlled my own insurance policy .
I 've now reached the age where I will better appreciate the premium skill level of American doctors and their high - quality equipment and techniques .
And in a very real way my family has voted with its feet when it comes to choosing between the two countries .
One of France 's worst problems is the rigidity and expense that comes with an extensive welfare state .
But as you look at the health care solutions discussed in this issue , ask yourself an honest question :
Are we better off today , in terms of health policy , than we would have been had we acknowledged more loudly 15 years ago that the status quo is quite awful for a large number of Americans ?
Would we have been better off focusing less on waiting times in Britain , and more on waiting times in the USA ?
It 's a question I plan to ask my doctor this Christmas .
In French .
Matt Welch is reason 's editor in chief .
Back in 1998 , Dynamix released one of the most influential games for the PC , Starsiege : Tribes .
Mind you , at the time it was n’t exactly considered a “ hit . ”
It suffered greatly from piracy , but it certainly had a big enough player base to warrant a sequel ( or two ) .
The game contained elements not seen in earlier games , such as a unique jetpack feature , and it was one of the first to support 128 players on a single map .
Starsiege : Tribes was followed by Tribes 2 in 2001 , then Tribes : Vengeance in 2004 , the latter of which garnered mixed feelings from veteran Tribes players by switching to the Unreal Engine , among other things .
While Vengeance was the last game in the Tribes franchise , it was n’t necessarily the last Tribes - like game from the developers .
In 2007 , GarageGames , founded by Dynamix ’s Jeff Tunnell in 2001 , announced Fallen Empire : Legions , a free - to - play “ spiritual successor ” to Tribes for their browser - gaming service InstantAction .
While Legions does contain certain elements from the Tribes series , specifically jetpacks and the ability to “ ski , ” it is n’t a direct sequel , nor was it ever intended to be .
At the time of Fallen Empire : Legions ’ public beta release in Summer 2008 , the Tribes franchise was still owned by Activision / Vivendi .
It was n’t until later that year that GarageGames bought the Tribes IP from Activision / Vivendi , and in March 2009 it was announced that GarageGames would be bringing the original Tribes to InstantAction , much like Quake Live .
While the browser version of Starsiege : Tribes , or PlayTribes as it ’s known , wo n’t feature any enhanced graphics or gameplay elements , simply hearing that it would be making a return to the modern world of gaming excited many , including Tribes ’ still - existent player base .
As hard as it is to believe , the original Tribes still to this day has an online community , thanks to user - made mods which will be supported in PlayTribes ( with some tweaking ) .
Unfortunately , development on PlayTribes has n’t exactly been as “ consistent ” as GarageGames , and fans , have hoped .
Due to reasons which are n’t entirely clear , PlayTribes ’ original Summer 2009 release was pushed to Fall 2009 and then again to “ early 2010 . ”
Having your project lead quit during development probably did n’t help , however .
Around the time of PlayTribes ’ original announcement it was also announced that Louis Castle , of Command & Conquer fame , would be leaving EALA to join GarageGames as their new CEO , and he was bringing something big with him .
Not long after Castle ’s arrival , InstantAction seemingly came to a halt .
When asked about the delays to not only PlayTribes ’ public release , but also updates to Fallen Empire : Legions and the site in general , InstantAction laid the blame on the arrival of their new CEO .
Whatever Castle had in store for GarageGames , it was big enough to bring any development on InstantAction and its games to a stand - still .
While Fallen Empire : Legions did receive an update in the summer of 2009 , it was more than likely planned and finished before Castle came aboard .
Any news on PlayTribes and its current state of development was nigh impossible to come by as well .
It was n’t until early September that the community got any kind of glimpse of the game , this time at PAX .
It was the first time we ’d seen PlayTribes at a major event since GDC 2009 , which took place in March .
The game was available for anyone to try out during the September expo , and it was deemed an overall success .
While the game did suffer from server issues , it was in a playable state , with playtesters stating it was generally complete .
Unfortunately , less than a month after the PAX presentation it was announced that the game would miss it ’s Fall 2009 release and instead see a December / January 2010 launch .
Even though Fallen Empire : Legions has the label “ live development ” on it , any additional content planned for the game has been shelved due to Louis Castle ’s project .
Over the past six or so months InstantAction has been relatively silent on what they have in store for the future of Legions and the company in general .
They ’ve recently moved offices ( one in Portland , another in Las Vegas ) , and these past two months have been absolutely void of any information at all from the company .
Until now .
Thomas Buscaglia , Legions lead designer , finally shed a sliver of light on what they have in store for Legions in a recent IRC conversation with the community ( with or without GarageGames ’ consent ) .
The whole “ free - to - play ” moniker they have going with the game now ?
Not for long , at least according to Buscaglia .
Earlier this year InstantAction implemented video ads before each game , but unfortunately , they do n’t seem to be making enough profit from them :
“ The future of Legions will either be one - time pay with addons or a dual - currency system where you can earn or buy [ stuff ] as you level up , which fits with the new modular custom armor system thing that we wanted to do … .
With one - time pay you can open the game up to modding and get longevity that way , but with the [ leveling up ] system , you can give the users what they want and pay for ongoing development , ” explained Buscaglia .
This is n’t exactly news for those following the development of Legions .
It ’s been stated more than once in the past that the final game would come at a cost .
During the conversation , a community member brought up the possibility of a story for Legions to include factions in the game .
While I doubt too many players read up on it , the Tribes franchise actually had a story , giving purpose and background for each faction ( Blood Eagle , Diamond Sword , etc. ) .
Buscaglia went on to say that they originally planned to have the very same thing for Legions , set 100- 300 years after Tribes .
We have updated the below section .
We incorectly stated that GarageGames had worked with an author and had a story ready but never released it .
This is n’t so :
“ We were working on a story , ” he said .
“ It was tied into the Starsiege universe … based ~ 100 years after tribes . ”
Unfortunately they were n’t able to get Legions to the point where they were ready to start integrating story with gameplay .
We have updated the below section .
We did n’t clarify that the continuation of the Tribes franchise was an idea the developers had well before Louis Castle came aboard , although Castle does understand how valuable the franchise is :
Buscaglia then went on to reveal that one of the earlier ideas , before Castle joined GarageGames , was to continue the Tribes franchise , now that they own the IP rights ( might as well do something with it ) .
“ One idea was to make Legions the [ level ] up version and then continue the Tribes franchise .
None of that is official .
That was just one idea , so Tribes would be moddable , Legions [ would n’t ] .
Legions you would level up , Tribes [ you would n’t ] , and maybe eventually have cross - game events , ” he continued .
When asked if the next release of Legions would still be playable from the browser , which is essentially the key feature of InstantAction ’s technology , Buscaglia had this to say :
“ Yeah , I wanted to decouple the game from the browser .
People should come to the site because there ’s useful information or functionality there , not because you ’re forcing them to . ”
He stated you could optionally play the game from your desktop as well if things went his way .
Unfortunately , Buscaglia knows next to nothing about the current state of PlayTribes .
A community member asked if they were planning on advertising it sometime in the future , to which Buscaglia dismally responded “ is it going to be released is a better question . ”
Mind you , Buscalgia is a Legions developer , so it ’s not all that surprising he does n’t have specific information on a game he is n’t even working on .
We have updated the below section to include a recent post from InstantAction ’s Ian Tornay :
As far as Buscaglia knows though , no one really is working on either PlayTribes or Fallen Empire : Legions at the moment .
Everyone is working “ hardcore ” on Louis Castle ’s project , which we might hear more about in March 2010 , perhaps even earlier .
InstantAction ’s Ian Tornay revealed in a recent forum post that the company was getting ready to reveal whatever project they were working on , but just one day later stated that due to the project being “ in a very rough state ” , they decided to put off the announcement until sometime in “ early 2010 ” .
Over the past year GarageGames has lost a number of employees as well , so recently they ’ve hired in more , experienced game developers , according to Buscaglia .
“ Theres a lot of politics around it and it could potentially be pretty big . ”
So , what does all of this mean ?
Well , development on InstantAction and its games are currently at a complete stand - still and have been for quite some time .
PlayTribes has no real definite release date , nor has it ever really had one .
The future of Fallen Empire : Legions will more than likely shift from InstantAction.com to PlayLegions.com , which currently hosts a simple tutorial version of the game , or on the desktop itself .
It will also probably be ported to GarageGames ’ newest Torque 3D engine as well .
Whatever Louis Castle and company are working on , it ’s pretty big .
The fact that they even thought about continuing the Tribes franchise is pretty exciting as well , but unfortunately , I doubt this is the big project .
As of now , the future of Tribes is still unknown .
Earlier this month we contacted InstantAction and asked them about the future of the company , PlayTribes and Legions , among other things , but unfortunately they have n’t been able to respond due to the level of secrecy surrounding whatever they ’re working on .
They ’ve told their community more than once to “ be patient , ” and I guess that ’s all we can do .
Wow , this 24 - themed Christmas card from a UK ad agency is really , really well done :
The Daily What called this “ 24 on 34th Street , ” but I ’m partial to “ Miracle on 24 Street . ” “ Old St. Jack ” ?
Something ?
I ’m sure you have a good title rolling around in that noggin , PopWatchers .
Actress Brittany Murphy died early today after going into cardiac arrest , law enforcement sources said .
Los Angeles city firefighters responded to " a medical request " at Murphy 's home in the 1800 block of Rising Glen Road in West Hollywood .
Murphy , 32 , was transported to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead .
Murphy starred in films including " Clueless , " " 8 Mile " and " Do n't Say a Word . "
-- Duke Helfand
Photo : Brittany Murphy at a Cannes Film Festival screening in 2005 .
Credit : Gareth Cattermole / Getty Images
Akmal Shaikh 's family say he suffers from bipolar disorder A Briton facing execution in China does not yet know he is to be killed later this week and will only find out 24 hours in advance , it has emerged .
Akmal Shaikh , 53 , from London , is due to be executed on 29 December after he was convicted of smuggling heroin .
Legal charity Reprieve said the lack of notice " raises obvious concerns " and hopes the authorities " show clemency " .
Mr Shaikh 's supporters say he is mentally ill and Gordon Brown has asked Chinese authorities for clemency .
Two of his cousins , Soohail and Nasir Shaikh , are in China and plan to deliver a last - ditch plea for mercy on his behalf to President Hu Jintao .
British consular staff have also flown to the Chinese region of Xinjiang to see the condemned Briton and discuss his case with local officials .
CHINA DEATH PENALTY China executed 1,718 people in 2008 , according to Amnesty International Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China , the charity estimates
It applies to 60 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces are introducing lethal injections According to Reprieve , Chinese authorities have said knowledge of his execution is being withheld from the prisoner on " humanitarian grounds " .
Clive Stafford Smith , the charity 's director , said : " We hope that the Chinese authorities have kept him in the dark that his execution is only hours away because they are going to show clemency .
" Only then would it truly be humanitarian for him to be the only person in the world not allowed to know . "
The man 's relatives intend to deliver petitions seeking a legal review to China 's Supreme People 's Court and to the local court in the north - western city of Urumqi where Mr Shaikh was arrested in September 2007 .
Reprieve said the men , who are brothers , also planned to appeal to China 's president and to the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress , which is responsible for considering petitions for pardon or clemency .
Bipolar disorder Mr Shaikh has had no contact with his family for two years , but the cousins hope they may be granted a prison visit with him .
The Briton has denied all knowledge of the 4kg of heroin found in his possession .
His family say he has bipolar disorder and was duped by a criminal gang into unwittingly carrying drugs for them .
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville said Mr Shaikh 's relatives want to explain that he had " suffered from long - term mental illness " and travelled to China to pursue a " fantasy " belief in a possible career as a pop star .
" They believe he was not responsible for himself and certainly not responsible for drug trafficking , " said our correspondent .
He added that the situation was getting " very desperate " for the Briton because the Chinese authorities do not have a reputation for leniency .
' Devastating blow ' Soohail Shaikh says in his petition : " We plead for his life , asking that a full mental health evaluation be conducted to assess the impact of his mental illness , and that recognition be made that he is not as culpable as those who might , under Chinese law , be eligible for the death penalty . "
Mr Stafford Smith said the Chinese Embassy authorities had been " kind " and opened on 26 December to facilitate a visa for this visit , " recognising the devastating blow that this execution date has inflicted on the entire family " .
" We very much hope that this compassionate approach continues to the point of granting Akmal a reprieve , " he said .
So far China has resisted calls to stop the execution , despite the case being raised by the UK 10 times during the last six months at senior diplomatic levels .
The prime minister has also written to China 's leaders to express his dismay after Mr Shaikh 's sentence was upheld by the Supreme People 's Court .
If the sentence is carried out , it would be the first time an EU national has been executed in China for 50 years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back at the dawn of the Web , the most popular account password was “ 12345 . ”
Today , it ’s one digit longer but hardly safer : “ 123456 . ”
Despite all the reports of Internet security breaches over the years , including the recent attacks on Google ’s e-mail service , many people have reacted to the break - ins with a shrug .
According to a new analysis , one out of five Web users still decides to leave the digital equivalent of a key under the doormat : they choose a simple , easily guessed password like “ abc123 , ” “ iloveyou ” or even “ password ” to protect their data .
“ I guess it ’s just a genetic flaw in humans , ” said Amichai Shulman , the chief technology officer at Imperva , which makes software for blocking hackers .
“ We ’ve been following the same patterns since the 1990s . ”
Astronomer and long time science advocate Carl Sagan once said that he was " not very good at singing songs . "
But on Nov. 9 in Washington D.C. , his voice could be heard singing about the wonders of universe -- 13 years after his death .
" A Glorious Dawn " is a new music video that features Sagan and astronomer Stephen Hawking .
It was played during a meeting of The Planetary Society , a nonprofit organization founded by Sagan in 1980 to advocate for planetary exploration and the search for extraterrestrial life .
Composer John Boswell created the video by cutting together clips from the PBS documentaries " Cosmos " and " Stephen Hawking 's Universe " .
Boswell added music , a beat and used Auto - Tune -- a program originally designed to correct the pitch of singers -- to tweak the pitch of each astronomer 's voice and create a melody .
© 2009 Inside Science News Service , By Devin Powell
Following 7 reasons hostels suck , here ’s 7 for the other side of the fence .
The podcast edition of this post talks through the points in both posts .
To listen , hit play below or find episode 130 in iTunes , Stitcher or Soundcloud :
1. Hostels are sociable
Hostels are excellent places for meeting like - minded travellers .
With a constant flow of people from all over the world , hostels are a global melting pot for people interested in the region where the hostel is based and the people who live there .
It seems that hotels create a feeling of individualism and people tend to be closed and reserved .
On the other hand , hostels have common rooms and a friendly vibe that promotes meeting your fellow travellers .
I ’ve found most of my best “ secret ” travel tips and destination pointers in hostel common rooms .
Need to know the cheapest way to get there ?
What the border crossing is like ?
Where to get a good exchange rate ?
Need a travel companion for a couple of days or weeks ?
Hostels provide .
Really enjoy it by being friendly , helpful and avoiding dumb arguments .
Share travel information without being overbearing .
Be considerate of the group ’s mood and individual needs and move the party to a local bar mid-evening .
2. Hostels are well - located
Urban hostels tend to be located near the popular tourist attractions and on main public transport lines .
This could n’t be better for the indie traveller ; using public transport is often a financial necessity , but some of us love it to get a taste of public life .
Being a few minutes away from your must - see attractions can be a lifesaver and , because of the small size of most hostels , they ’re able to get closer to the centre for cheaper rent than hotels .
Hostels can also be found in wild and weird places .
The historic hostel movement provided places for urban youth to get out of the city and spend time in rural or wilderness environments .
This is the basis for the HI / YHA movement ( and some hangovers remain , like single - sex dorms and late - night curfews ! ) .
From reconditioned train carriages in highland Scotland to the middle of New Zealand ‘s Arthur ’s Pass , hostels can be comfortable gateways to amazing hikes .
Really enjoy it by booking something that suits your plans ; think of transport , location , and your travel style — if you want to party all night , book somewhere near the nightclubs .
3 . Hostels have friendly staff
Saying any industry has “ friendly staff ” can only ever be a gross generalisation , but I ’m going to try anyway : in my experience , hostel staff have been more friendly , relaxed and helpful than in other accommodation services I ’ve used .
Admittedly , some have been so relaxed as to be completely useless , others have been so hung - over as to be quite unfriendly , and there was one hostel run by an elderly lady in Sofia that was kind of like staying with your Auntie Gertrude .
I find hostel staff generally fall into three camps :
The ex-traveller owner - operator has plenty of stories from their own travels and occasionally stories they ’ve stolen and adapted from passing guests .
The local expert is normally young and enjoys the metropolitan feel of working in a hostel .
He or she knows the cheapest place to buy beer and can give you a working brief of even the most obscure local legends .
Then there ’s the out - of - cash backpacker who is spending a few weeks or months working in the hostel , for free accommodation and a few bucks an hour .
This might be in order to stay in the city they love or just to get cashed up for the next leg .
Really enjoy it by having a decent chat with your hosts .
Rather than treating them like parts in the vacation machine , treat them like people and fellow travellers on the road .
4. Hostels have cheap services
Ever paid $ 1.50 to have a sock washed ?
Paul once had to after misunderstanding the laundry price list in a guest house .
I ’ve used hostel washing machines for as little as $ 2 a load ( Vienna ) , and that fit in all the clothes I currently owned .
Sitting around in a towel while things dry is a bit weird — I ’ll admit that .
Talking of sitting around in a towel , our hostel in Tallinn came equipped with a free sauna — perfect for the blazing summer temperatures of under 12°C .
The Kismet Dao hostel in Brasov , Romania was never going to be expensive , but they were the only hostel in Transylvania with 24 - hour hot water .
That ’s flash !
We took the “ shagging room ” , got given a free beer for every night we stayed and they had a free laundry service .
They organised a tour of all the famous ( and not so famous ) local castles for a small group of us .
The tour was great : a minivan full of people for about $ 12 each plus entrance fees to some of the castles .
The driver — who pointed at the map for us more than he looked at the road — dropped us at each gate , gave us an approximate time we should move on by , then left us to it .
Cheap , relaxed , indie , perfect .
Really enjoy it by making use of what specials they ’ve got now .
Other hostels probably wo n’t have these deals , so make use of them while you can .
5 . Support the local economy
Most hostels are locally owned and operated , meaning that your money goes back into the local economy .
The is the complete opposite to most big - brand resorts and hotels which are owned by overseas corporations ( although there is a trend towards multi-national hostel chains ) .
Leaving money in the local economy is part of responsible travel .
Leaving money in the local economy is part of responsible travel .
Admittedly , backpackers tend to spend less , sometimes much less , than their family vacation and business travelling counterparts ; however studies in Australia have shown that more money remains in local circulation and — although they spend less per day — backpackers spend more time in a region which greatly improves their contribution to the whole tourism sector .
Really enjoy it by being conscious of where you ’re money is going .
Shop local where you can — pay fair prices , and shop with a clear conscience .
6 . Hostels have free wifi
I ’ve never stayed in a hotel that has given me free wifi .
Never .
But I ’ve stayed in at least two dozen hostels that have .
To be fair , we actively look for wifi and internet access while we ’re choosing our hostel — as more and more of our income is moving online , it ’s a necessity rather than an option .
I ’ve also been in quite a few places that had free computers for use .
Really enjoy it by doing your research ahead of time and figuring out how much you need internet access in a given time period .
7. Hostels have bars
This might be a pro or a con , depending on your temperament , but I really like hostels that have built - in bars or cafes — as long as there is another quieter common room and the rooms are sufficiently far away .
Bars give another social element to a hostel and mean that , after a hard day ’s sightseeing , you do n’t need to head out again for a drink after dinner .
Long - term travelling is n’t a continual party , so you do n’t always want to be out on the town .
There ’s a need for space sometimes and a hostel bar can give you that along with the beverage of your choice .
Some bars more closely resemble nightclubs though and , personally , that ’s something I try to avoid .
I guess the classic example that comes to mind is in Vienna , Austria .
There ’s a hostel area around the Westbahnhof , at the top end of Mariahilferstrasse .
One hostel there , Wombats , is a well - known party hostel with a loud bar and loud clientele .
The smoked - glass windows allow people on the street to look into the front lobby .
Five minutes down the road , Hostel Ruthensteiner has a bar between the kitchen and the lounge .
There ’s a piano and a couple of guitars hanging from the wall .
Sometimes guests play , other times they just chat and drink with the radio playing in the background .
Two hostels with bars ; two very different atmospheres — you get to choose what you want .
Thoughts
There are reasons hostels suck and reasons hostels rock .
In the end , you have to find something that suits your travel style and what you like to do .
If I had an eighth point to make , I ’d definitely give props to hostels for their kookiness , strangeness and general individualism .
I like hostels with straggling bookshelves , unusual owners , and rather oblique understandings about the way things work .
Hostels with spa pools ( Queenstown , NZ ) , hostels with immigration police interviews ( Belgrade , Serbia ) , hostels with free beer ( lots ! ) , hostels with a river in the backyard ( Cesky Krumlov , Czech Republic ) , hostels that open just for you and do n’t appear to have any staff ( Melk , Austria ) , hostels with pet dogs ( Dunedin , NZ ) , hostels where you have to show a marriage license to get a private room ( Northern Italy ) : in short , hostels rock .
Craig Martin Craig and Linda Martin have been living on the road since February 2006 .
Both born and raised in Auckland , New Zealand they are ... somewhere in the world !
Craig and Linda host the Indie Travel Podcast - you can get in touch with them here .
The Environmental Protection Agency said greenhouse gases are a danger to public health and welfare in a decision that could eventually lead to new emissions regulations .
The so - called " endangerment finding " announced Monday by EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson is necessary to move ahead on new emission standards for cars , while potentially opening up large emitters such as power plants , crude - oil refineries and chemical plants to limits on their output of carbon dioxide and other gases .
" These ...
BEIJING —A Chinese economic official blamed " fraudulent practices " at some international investment banks for large losses incurred by Chinese state - owned companies on derivative contracts , in the government 's strongest criticism yet of the role played by foreign banks .
Li Wei , a vice chairman of the State - Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission , cited contracts tied to energy prices sold by banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , and Morgan Stanley to aviation and shipping firms .
Mr ....
Chemistry textbooks typically include illustrations of atoms , but with caveats .
The drawings depict atomic nuclei surrounded by electron orbitals — fuzzy spheres , barbells , tripods , and so on — but those figures represent the probability of finding an electron at a certain place around the nucleus rather than an actual “ shape . ”
Researchers have now managed to image the electron orbitals and show for the first time that , in a sense , atoms really look like those textbook images .
Specifically , Igor Mik­hail­ovskij and his collaborators at the Kharkov Institute of Physics and Technology in Ukraine have imaged the shapes of those orbitals in carbon atoms by improving an old imaging technique called field - emission microscopy .
The researchers fashioned a chain of carbon atoms , dangled it from a graphite tip , and then placed it in front of a detection screen .
When they applied an electric field of thousands of volts between the graphite and the screen , electrons flowed one by one through the graphite and along the carbon chain , until the electric field pulled them off the last atom in the chain .
From the places where the electrons landed on the screen , the investigators could trace back the points where they left their orbital on the last atom .
The “ denser ” parts of the probability clouds had a higher chance of emitting an electron , and the information from many electrons combined into an image of the clouds .
“ We really have an image of single atoms , ” Mikhailovskij says .
The pictures look , well , textbook , although only the outermost orbitals appear , which shroud the inner orbitals and the nuclei .
By changing the intensity of the current , the team could switch the energy of the last atom ’s outermost electron from a lower level to a higher level .
Correspondingly , the shape of the orbital changed from spherical to barbell , as theory predicts .
The group also observed electrons switching spontaneously from one state to another — for reasons that are unclear , Mikhailovskij says — and stranger shapes that may result from the presence of impurities , in the form of other atoms such as hydrogen .
The results are in the October Physical Review B .
Scientists have imaged single atoms before , using tools such as transmission electron microscopes ( which shoot electrons through an object and measure how they get deflected ) or scanning tunneling microscopes ( which “ feel ” the sample ’s shape with a microscopic tip ) .
But the atoms typically appeared as little more than blobs .
Field - emission microscopy , on the other hand , pulls the electrons off the very object that is being imaged .
This difference , says Alex Zettl of the University of California , Berkeley , may mean a lower chance of distortions and misinterpretations of the signal .
“ It is like hearing the spoken word directly from the original storyteller , not from a translator or interpreter , ” he says .
Beyond confirming textbook artwork , the technique could elucidate the properties of chains of carbon atoms , which are still largely unknown .
Physicists suspect that they may be excellent conductors and mechanically strong and could become useful in future atomic - scale computers .
When the swine flu vaccine was most scarce , health officials gave thousands of doses to corporate clinics at Walt Disney World Toyota , defense contractors , oil companies and cruise lines , according to a USA TODAY review of vaccine distribution data from three states .
USA TODAY examined how state health departments distributed H1N1 vaccine after public outcry last month over Wall Street firms such as Goldman Sachs receiving doses while doctors and hospitals encountered shortages .
The data show other companies got the vaccine in October and early November .
In some cases , early doses went to people not deemed most at risk by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
" Now we have evidence of what my suspicions were , " said U.S. Rep. Frank Pallone , D - N.J. , chair of a House health subcommittee .
" I 'm afraid when you have these corporate initiatives , it 's not primarily needs - based . "
Pallone said he would send the CDC a letter Tuesday asking it to revise guidelines to states on the use of corporate health clinics .
Each state health department must decide how to provide the vaccine to people most at risk , and employers are a legitimate venue , said Anne Schuchat , the CDC 's immunization director .
CDC 's priority groups include pregnant women , people with chronic health conditions , health care workers and people ages 6 months to 24 years .
" This is much less about what you do for a living and much more about how do you get the vaccine in the path of those target populations , " she said .
The Toyota Family Health Center in San Antonio , which got 2,120 doses , initially focused on the CDC 's priority groups , but since Nov. 16 has offered the vaccine to any employee , contractor or family member , spokesman Craig Mullenbach said .
NEW CALCULATIONS : H1N1 less severe than previously estimated
YOUR GUIDE : Getting through the season unscathed
Norwegian Cruise Line in Miami used its 300 doses " to vaccinate critical on - board staff on our ships , " spokeswoman AnneMarie Mathews said .
She said recipients included medical staff , youth counselors and " key officers responsible for the safe operation of the vessel " but did not address how the counselors and officers fit into CDC 's priority groups .
Of the 2.42 million doses in Texas and 2 million in Florida distributed through mid-November , fewer than 1 % went to employers , according to USA TODAY 's analysis of data obtained under state open - records acts .
Thousands of registered providers — doctors , hospitals , schools , pharmacies — in Texas alone got no doses in that period .
Among companies that requested and received early doses and say they administered them to high - risk people :
• Florida : Walt Disney World got 2,200 doses for college - age theme park workers and members of its 100 - person medical team .
Universal Orlando Resort got 100 doses .
• Texas : Defense contractors Bell Helicopter got 100 doses and Lockheed Martin Aeronautics , 80 .
Chevron got 190 ; ExxonMobil , 160 ; Dow Chemical , 170 ; ConocoPhillips , 110 .
• Georgia :
No doses went to companies .
Ravae Graham of the state health department said people in the priority groups " are typically only a small fraction of workers in the corporate sector . "
California , New York and New York City are still deciding whether to release data to USA TODAY .
Corporate clout played no role , health officials said .
" We 're not playing favorites with Disney , " said Dain Weister of the Orange County ( Fla . ) Health Department .
Carrie Williams of the Texas health department said , " We 've been doing the very best we can to fairly distribute the vaccine to a wide variety of providers . "
Complicating distribution decisions :
Not all forms of vaccine are appropriate for all people .
Nasal spray can be used only by healthy people and health care workers , and shots come in different doses .
" The question we have to ask on these corporate ones is : Did at - risk people receive the doses ?
Or was corporate America buying their way out of an illness ? " asked Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , who chairs a House oversight subcommittee .
" You 've almost got to look at them on a case - by - case basis . "
Melanie Sloan , executive director of the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said there 's no assurance that companies used the doses properly : " Everything is on the honor system , " she said .
Contributing : Paul Overberg
AVANT - PROPOS
NOTE DE SYNTHESE
CHAPITRE 1 . TELEPHONIE
1. Téléphonie fixe
a) Le taux d’équipement en téléphone fixe remonte à 88 %
b ) Près d’une personne sur deux téléphone , désormais , par un boîtier multiservice
2. Téléphonie mobile
a ) 82 % de la population disposent d’un téléphone mobile
b ) Une typologie des Français en fonction de leur équipement téléphonique fixe et mobile
c ) Les abonnés envoient de plus en plus de SMS
d ) Le téléchargement de sonneries et de jeux semble stagner
e ) L’Internet sur le téléphone mobile décolle enfin
f ) La télévision sur le mobile commencerait à progresser
g ) Limiter ses dépenses de téléphonie mobile
CHAPITRE 2 . ORDINATEUR ET INTERNET
1. Ordinateur
a ) Les achats d’ordinateurs résistent à la crise
b ) Un adulte sur deux ne se sentirait pas compétent pour utiliser un ordinateur
c ) Appréciations sur la facilité d’installation , d’utilisation et sur la fiabilité des ordinateurs
d ) Les achats d’ordinateur et le développement durable
e ) Restrictions dans les dépenses informatiques
2. Internet
a ) Les différents modes de connexion
b ) Quelques usages d’Internet
c ) Quelques opinions émises au sujet d’Internet
CHAPITRE 3 . TELEVISION
CHAPITRE 4 . ANALYSE COMPAREE DE LA DIFFUSION DES TIC : FOSSE NUMERIQUE ET COMPLEMENTARITE
ENTRE EQUIPEMENTS
a) Le fossé numérique se réduit
b ) Les liens entre les différents équipements
ANNEXE 1 : LIBELLE DES QUESTIONS POSEES
ANNEXE 2 : GRAPHIQUES ET TABLEAUX COMPLEMENTAIRES
The idea for this book came from a doctor - - a couple of them , as a matter of fact .
They had read my last book , " In Defense of Food " , which ended with a handful of tips for eating well : simple ways to navigate the treacherous landscape of modern food and the often - confusing science of nutrition .
" What I would love is a pamphlet I could hand to my patients with some rules for eating wisely , " they would say .
" I do n't have time for the big nutrition lecture and , anyway , they really do n't need to know what an antioxidant is in order to eat wisely . "
Another doctor , a transplant cardiologist , wrote to say " you ca n't imagine what I see on the insides of people these days wrecked by eating food products instead of food . "
So rather than leaving his heart patients with yet another prescription or lecture on cholesterol , he gives them a simple recipe for roasting a chicken , and getting three wholesome meals out of it -- a very different way of thinking about health .
Make no mistake : our health care crisis is in large part a crisis of the American diet -- roughly three quarters of the two - trillion plus we spend on health care in this country goes to treat chronic diseases , most of which can be prevented by a change in lifestyle , especially diet .
And a healthy diet is a whole lot simpler than the food industry and many nutritional scientists -- what I call the Nutritional Industrial Complex -- would have us believe .
After spending several years trying to answer the supposedly incredibly complicated question of how we should eat in order to be maximally healthy , I discovered the answer was shockingly simple : eat real food , not too much of it , and more plants than meat .
Or , put another way , get off the modern western diet , with its abundance of processed food , refined grains and sugars , and its sore lack of vegetables , whole grains and fruit .
So I decided to take the doctors up on the challenge .
I set out to collect and formulate some straightforward , memorable , everyday rules for eating , a set of personal policies that would , taken together or even separately , nudge people onto a healthier and happier path .
I solicited rules from doctors , scientist , chefs , and readers , and then wrote a bunch myself , trying to boil down into everyday language what we really know about healthy eating .
And while most of the rules are backed by science , they are not framed in the vocabulary of science but rather culture -- a source of wisdom about eating that turns out to have as much , if not more , to teach us than nutritional science does .
What follows is a small sample of " Food Rules " , a half dozen policies that will give you a taste of what you 'll find in the book : sixty - four food rules , each with a paragraph of explanation .
I think you 'll see from this little appetizer that " Food Rules " is a most unconventional diet book .
You can read it in an hour and it just might change your eating life .
I hope you 'll take away something you can put to good use , and maybe get a chuckle or two along the way .
And do let me know if have any food rules I should know about .
I 'm still collecting them , at pollanfoodrules@gmail.com .
# 11 Avoid foods you see advertised on television .
Food marketers are ingenious at turning criticisms of their products -- and rules like these -- into new ways to sell slightly different versions of the same processed foods :
They simply reformulate ( to be low - fat , have no HFCS or transfats , or to contain fewer ingredients ) and then boast about their implied healthfulness , whether the boast is meaningful or not .
The best way to escape these marketing ploys is to tune out the marketing itself , by refusing to buy heavily promoted foods .
Only the biggest food manufacturers can afford to advertise their products on television :
More than two thirds of food advertising is spent promoting processed foods ( and alcohol ) , so if you avoid products with big ad budgets , you 'll automatically be avoiding edible foodlike substances .
As for the 5 percent of food ads that promote whole foods ( the prune or walnut growers or the beef ranchers ) , common sense will , one hopes , keep you from tarring them with the same brush -- these are the exceptions that prove the rule .
From " Food Rules " :
# 19 If it came from a plant , eat it ; if it was made in a plant , do n't .
# 36 Do n't eat breakfast cereals that change the color of the milk .
This should go without saying .
Such cereals are highly processed and full of refined carbohydrates as well as chemical additives .
# 39 Eat all the junk food you want as long as you cook it yourself .
There is nothing wrong with eating sweets , fried foods , pastries , even drinking soda every now and then , but food manufacturers have made eating these formerly expensive and hard - to - make treats so cheap and easy that we 're eating them every day .
The french fry did not become America 's most popular vegetable until industry took over the jobs of washing , peeling , cutting , and frying the potatoes -- and cleaning up the mess .
If you made all the french fries you ate , you would eat them much less often , if only because they 're so much work .
The same holds true for fried chicken , chips , cakes , pies , and ice cream .
Enjoy these treats as often as you 're willing to prepare them -- chances are good it wo n't be every day .
# 47 Eat when you are hungry , not when you are bored .
For many of us , eating has surprisingly little to do with hunger .
We eat out of boredom , for entertainment , to comfort or reward ourselves .
Try to be aware of why you 're eating , and ask yourself if you 're really hungry -- before you eat and then again along the way .
( One old wive 's test :
If you 're not hungry enough to eat an apple , then you 're not hungry . )
Food is a costly antidepressant .
# 58 Do all your eating at a table .
No , a desk is not a table .
If we eat while we 're working , or while watching TV or driving , we eat mindlessly -- and as a result eat a lot more than we would if we were eating at a table , paying attention to what we 're doing .
This phenomenon can be tested ( and put to good use ) :
Place a child in front of a television set and place a bowl of fresh vegetables in front of him or her .
The child will eat everything in the bowl , often even vegetables that he or she does n't ordinarily touch , without noticing what 's going on .
Which suggests an exception to the rule :
When eating somewhere other than at a table , stick to fruits and vegetables .
SAN CLEMENTE –
What started out as a call about a loud radio early this morning ended with the arrest of a nude 26 - year - old man who officials suspect killed a family dog with his bare hands , then poured hot coffee on his head while running naked in a tennis club , authorities said .
The dog ’s owner said that if her 5 - year - old mini schnauzer had n’t run out in between her and the man , she would have been the one beaten to death .
“ Rather than grab me , he focused on Kokanee and took his aggression out on her , ” said Julie Donnelly , a nurse .
“ When Kokanee ran out in front , it gave me valuable seconds , valuable time to yell for people to help . ”
Bayron Reyes Lopez has been arrested in the attack .
Investigators suspect that Lopez was under the influence of drugs when the pandemonium began shortly after 4:30 a.m. , when deputies tried to contact him at his apartment .
Deputies were called to an apartment building in the 1100 block of Calle del Cerro because of a loud radio , said Jim Amormino , spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department .
When deputies arrived , however , no one was there .
“ We get there , go in the room , the guy is gone , ” he said .
Authorities believe Lopez jumped from a third - story window when deputies arrived .
Deputies looked around for him and could n’t find him , Amormino said .
He appeared to have turned up at 6:09 a.m. , Amormino said , when dispatchers received a call from Donnelly screaming about the violent attack on her dog .
Donnelly , who walks every morning with a friend , was going to meet her up the hill on Calle del Cerro .
But then a screaming man , who was clothed , ran down the hill , grabbed her dog and started to choke it .
The man repeatedly hit the dog and slammed it onto the sidewalk , Amormino said .
Neighbors gathered around Donnelly as the man beat the dog .
No one approached him , but he taunted people to come fight him , she said .
“ I wish I could do something for Kokanee , but there was nothing I could do , ” said Donnelly , who was going to bring her 13 - month - old son , John , on the walk that morning , but decided not to .
The man held the dog for a few feet as he ran away and then dropped it on the side of the road .
Kokanee , who the Donnellys have had since she was 8 weeks old , crawled for a few feet as Donnelly ran toward her and then the dog collapsed onto her side .
Minutes later , authorities received another call .
This time , a caller reported that a man was running naked in the Rancho San Clemente Tennis Club , 111 Vista Montana .
Officials say that the man was seen pouring hot coffee on his head .
Police arrested Lopez , a maintenance man at the club for three years , at the club .
He was naked when he was arrested .
They took him to Mission Hospital in Mission Viejo and then transported him to the Men ’s Central Jail in Santa Ana .
He is being charged with cruelty to animals and may be charged with being under the influence of drugs and narcotics if that is confirmed , Amormino said .
Kokanee died in Donnelly ’s arms while being transported to a veterinary hospital in Mission Viejo .
Donnelly said she tried to give her CPR , but it did n’t work .
A bucket of sunflowers with a photo of Kokanee wearing a red jingle - bell collar and licking her nose marks the median near the spot where she was beaten .
A sign says “ We love you Kokanee .
Rest in Peace . ”
“ She was like a family member , ” Donnelly said .
“ She sacrificed her life for me this morning . ”
Project RYC : Recycle Your Computer by Bewize
It 's a pity that we have garbage containers for glass , paper and organic materials , but not for computers .
So the only way to solve the problem is by your own strength : reinstall Windows and / or make an upgrade .
ProModz studio which always aims at innovation and interesting tendencies decided to help those emotional users and created the Recycle Your Computer project .
P.S. Special thanks to Y@m@k@si for such a brilliant idea and for help with hardware .
Stage1 .
Idea , Sketches , Stuff For sure Moscow citizens and metropolis guests visited one of IKEA stores and probably came across a grid trash bin .
The idea of the project is to pack all the hardware inside of this trash bin .
Available space inside is to put it mildly " limited " , so the only possible way to place all the hardware is to put it in several " levels " .
But even then not any mobo will fit inside because diameter of the level that is assigned for it is about 23 cm ( 9 " ) .
To be specific the only type of mobo we could use is mini-ITX .
We did n't want to use VIA Epia because of its lack of perfomance and expandability .
So we chose an Insight P4 - ITX mobo .
It combines small size and good expandability .
We could use a fast P4 CPU ( up to 3.06 GHz ) and a PCI slot , where a Radeon 9200 was planned to be installed , because the integrated video interface was not convenient to us .
Once we dealt with the stumbling block which was the mobo it was the right time to work out all the levels .
We wanted to build it up so that it would be as easy as possible to manage with hardware at any time .
You can see by the sketch above that we have 4 levels here that are joined by tacks 8 mm ( 1/3 " ) thick ( shown below ) .
The first level - the bottom one .
It is at the left of the sketch .
It 's as simple as brick - 4 holes for tacks and PSU .
The second level - mobo and video .
Above and below there is some extra space for PSU wires that will go to the upper levels .
On the left and right there are grooves for vertical red neon lights .
Also there are 4 holes for tacks .
On the third level you can see 8 holes instead of 4 .
This is the place where the 4 bottom levels tacks end and the other 4 for top levels begin .
Again some extra space is left below for wires .
On this level we have a bookshelf for 5.25 " and 3.5 " devices that is detailed in the right bottom corner of the sketch .
On the top plexi " pancake " we placed the VFD that is covered with red plexi so the color of characters on the display is red - orange instead of light - green .
On the right of the display you can see holes for 2 LEDs and RESET button , on the left - POWER button .
Next stage is first trial assembly of the stuff inside the trash bin .
Stage 2 .
Theory testing / First assembling .
Having almost all of the necessary system components ready we decided to accomplish a first test assemble .
It 's nothing special to tell ... you better look at the photos .
They will be accompanied by brief comments and criticism of practice that did n't go well with theory .
It happens because of inaccuracy of measurements or simple miscalculation .
But I can say this , the mistakes were n't fatal and did n't make too big a problem for us while assembling the system .
They just affected the usage comfort negatively .
Just a little . ;)
Bottom level .
On the bottom end of the tacks there 're crew - nuts winded .
They hold the plexi circle so that when you pull the system out of the bin the PSU wo n't stay inside and it will be taken out with other hardware all together .
While using screw - nuts we sacrificed 5 mm ( 1/5 " ) of space at the bottom .
The next level lays directly on the PSU .
The mobo is fixed on this level with legs ( ? ) .
Its actually fixed on two of them by diagonal .
Other two are simply supports .
This happened because of miscalculation and only 2 of 4 holes were fine , the other two did n't hit the holes in the mobo .
Measurements should be taken more carefully .
Third " floor " is above the previous one with just enough space needed to install a PCI video - card : about 12 cm ( 5 " ) .
This is enough to place a fan over the Zalman radiator so that air would flow free and it wo n’t produce too much noise .
As you may have already noticed the bottom tacks end at this level .
It made so the CD - ROM will be able to extend it ’s tray .
The main mistake is hidden exactly between the second and the third levels .
While projecting every exact level based on common sense and then after assembling them altogether we find out that our common sense let us down .
General things do n’t follow the exact ones , so after assembling we find the project had some defects which were not noticeable before we had all the parts in our hands .
For example , wires from PSU from the first level pass to the second near one side of the mobo , and it passes to the third level on the other side .
Plus , the wires do not make too straight a way to the HDD and CD - ROM and their length is hardly enough .
It is not a big problem btw , but it is unpleasant .
After installing plexi on the top level it is the right time to insert our " book - stand " inside the bin .
For fixing it to the bin there ’re 4 holes in it ’s bottom which hold our 4 tacks with screw - nuts that work as 4 case feet now .
Our bin looks awesome after assembling .
Sure , we do n’t have drives , rheobus , CCFL ’s and some wires , but our main idea is clear .
We have to cut holes in the grid of the bin for access to devices , sockets and buttons .
As a whole we can confidently say that 50 % of the work is done ... stay tuned .
Always thought there was something slightly eccentric about that Michael Jackson chap ?
These David Nordahl paintings – commissioned by Jacko himself – suggest you might have been on to something ...
“ [ T ] here is extensive evidence that certain micronutrient deficiencies are associated with faster disease progression or increased mortality risk , and that dietary supplements . . . can prolong survival in HIV / AIDS .
. . .
one aspect stands out in importance : the potential relationship to oxidative stress .
. . . the antioxidant role of selenium in glutathione peroxidases . . . .
a daily supplement of 200 μg of selenium alone stopped progression of HIV - 1 viral load increases , and lead [ sic ] to improved CD4 counts .
. . . selenium status was reported to be 10 times more significant than CD4 cell count as a predictor of mortality .
. . .
HIV infection is typically characterized by a dramatic decline in glutathione levels . . . [ which ] suggests an abnormal degree of biological oxidation , manifesting as elimination of cysteine sulfur as sulfate .
A key feature of HIV disease is an apparent ‘ antioxidant defect ’ . . . [ which ] can be aggravated by co-factors such as malnutrition , co-infection with other microorganisms , and the use of various oxidant drugs , such as nitrites .
. . .
Intermediates of oxidative tryptophan metabolism have also been implicated in neurotoxicity , potentially contributing to AIDS dementia .
. . .
oxidative stress can induce niacin / NAD + depletion .
. . .
The oxidative stress - induced niacin sink ( OSINS ) model for HIV pathogenesis .
. . . links oxidative stress and selenium to the observed tryptophan abnormalities and immunosuppression in HIV / AIDS .
. . . [ and ] provides a mechanism whereby oxidative stress associated with HIV infection can contribute to immunosuppression via tryptophan deletion , as well as neurotoxicity via toxic tryptophan metabolites and ATP depletion .
. . .
But whatever the source of oxidative stress , there would be a net effect towards niacin depletion and compensatory tryptophan oxidation .
. . .
the need for certain nutrients in HIV infection may be largely secondary to an underlying defect that could be largely rectified by another nutrient , with antioxidants being the most fundamental to an effective regimen .
. . .
whatever underlies or contributes to the antioxidant defect and increased oxidative stress . . . leads also to intracellular niacin depletion , and thereby to tryptophan depletion , with an end result of immunosuppression . . . and also T - cell loss ” [ emphases added ] .
It might seem natural to infer that this was written by the Perth Group , who have argued for upwards of two decades that “ AIDS ” results from oxidative stress , possibly with co-authorship by Rebecca Culshaw , who described the crucial role of glutathione , and by Harold Foster , who has long argued the central role of selenium , not to mention Matthias Rath , who has long spoken up for the value of micronutrients in treating AIDS patients .
But no .
What ’s more , none of those earlier publications are mentioned in this article by Ethan Will Taylor , “ The oxidative stress - induced niacin sink ( OSINS ) model for HIV pathogenesis ” , published on - line in Toxicology ( Received 1 July 2009 — Received in revised form 10 October 2009 — Accepted 15 October 2009 — On-line at PubMed 24 October [ Epub ahead of print , PMID : 19857540 , ) .
( The review is described as “ Hypothesis ” , suggesting it might equally have been accepted by another Elsevier journal , Medical Hypotheses , were it not that the latter seems nowadays to bar anything that questions HIV / AIDS orthodoxy . )
At any rate , this article talks about “ HIV - associated ” oxidative stress and the benefits of nutritional supplements in “ HIV - infected ” people without demonstrating that “ HIV ” is actually involved .
Essentially the same network of reactions and feedback applies in any situation of oxidative stress , as noted in the article : “ whatever the source of oxidative stress . . . whatever underlies or contributes to the antioxidant defect and increased oxidative stress ” .
The only suggested involvement of HIV in the network of reactions is via a postulated stimulation of IDO ( indoleamine - 2,3 - dioxygenase ) by tat and nef proteins and an increased level of interferon γ ascribed to viral infection and immune activation .
If it could be shown that under generalized oxidative stress , substances are released that are capable of yielding an “ HIV - positive ” response , that would combine with this comprehensive review of the literature to make oxidative stress an entirely plausible cause of AIDS , a worthy alternative to the HIV / AIDS hypothesis .
In point of fact , it is already well and long known that “ HIV - positive ” is a condition that can be brought on by a large range of conditions and infections : hypergammaglobulinemia , tuberculosis , or vaccination against flu , and dozens more documented by Christine Johnson ( “ Whose antibodies are they anyway ?
Factors known to cause false positive HIV antibody test results ” , Continuum , # 3 , Sept. / Oct. 1996 , p.4 , anti-tetanus shots ( Saag et al. , Nature Med 1996 ; 2:625-9 and Gonnelli et al. , Lancet 1991;337:731 ) , and even pregnancy ( Taha et al. , AIDS 1998 ; 12:197-203 ; Gray et al. , Am J Obstet Gynecol 2001;185:1209 - 17 ; Gray et al. , Lancet 2005;366:1182-8 ) .
Drug abusers very often test “ HIV - positive ” .
That the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention included increasing numbers of conditions as “ AIDS - defining ” after “ HIV - positive ” became a criterion reflects the fact that many illnesses induce oxidative stress and the resulting “ HIV - positive ” status .
Here is a simple way of Rethinking AIDS :
There are two hypotheses .
1. AIDS is caused by a previously unknown retrovirus that first infected gay men simultaneously in several large metropolitan areas in the United States even though it had first crossed into humans in Africa .
No vaccine or microbicide against it has been found after more than two decades of concentrated effort .
Transmitted sexually , it is however very difficult to transmit , which is why it has remained within the original risk groups of promiscuous drug - abusing gay men and other drug abusers , except in Africa where 20 - 40 % of the adult population has several sexual partners simultaneously and changes them frequently ( James Chin , The AIDS Pandemic ) ; however , the retrovirus has never actually been observed , in prospective studies , to be transmitted sexually .
It kills T - cells by some unknown but certainly indirect as well as obscure mechanism .
Though transmitted by breastfeeding , it is transmitted less , the greater the degree of exclusive breastfeeding .
The presence of antibodies denotes active infection even when no actual virus can be detected .
Some significant proportion of those infected remain healthy , even as no reason for this immunity has been discovered .
One of the three original salient AIDS diseases supposedly caused by this retrovirus , Kaposi ’s sarcoma , turns out not to be caused by it after all .
Antibodies to the retrovirus appear after vaccination against flu , or after an anti-tetanus shot , and in a host of illnesses as well as natural conditions of some physiological stress like pregnancy .
In an appreciable number of AIDS cases , no antibodies or retrovirus could be found , but this could be explained away as another new disease , idiopathic CD4 - T - cell lymphopenia .
Drugs that kill the virus do not correlate with restoration of the immune system nor with improved health .
Indeed , purported restoration of the immune system with these drugs brings on another new ailment , “ immune restoration syndrome ” , a worsening of clinical condition with symptoms that mimic AIDS .
The retrovirus mutates at unprecedented speed , so that infected individuals harbor not a single variant but a swarm of variants ; and all variants and strains appear to be pathogenic to similar extents .
Antiretroviral treatment is by toxic drugs whose side effects are so severe that non-compliance by patients has been observed or estimated at nearly 50 % .
Deaths from AIDS continue to occur in the same age - range as before , roughly mid-30s to late 40s .
Although the retrovirus is latent for an average of a decade before causing illness , the age of first infection , of first AIDS diagnosis , and of death are all in that same age range .
2. AIDS is caused by oxidative stress .
Proof : dietary supplements of antioxidants and essential minerals and vitamins restore health and extend life without dangerous side effects .
Police community support officers ( PCSOs ) stopped Italian student Simona Bonomo under anti-terrorism legislation for filming buildings in London .
Moments later , she was arrested by other officers , held in a police cell and fined .
She talks Paul Lewis through the footage she recorded of her conversation with the PSCOs .
Source : guardian.co.uk guardian.co.uk
An Italian student has described how she was stopped by police under anti-terrorist legislation while filming buildings , and later arrested , held in a police cell for five hours and given a fixed penalty notice .
Simona Bonomo , 32 , an art student at London Metropolitan University at London Metropolitan University , filmed the moment on 19 November when she was approached by two police community support officers ( PCSOs ) in Paddington , west London .
When Bonomo was challenged by one PCSO , she said she was filming " just for fun " .
He replied : " You like looking at those buildings do you ?
You 're basically filming for fun ?
I do n't believe you . "
Bonomo then declined his request to see what she had filmed .
" I can have a look if I want to , if I think it may be linked to terrorism .
This is an iconic site , " he replied .
Bonomo then said she was an artist .
" You 're an artist ?
Have you got any proof or any identification ? " he said .
After accusing Bonomo of being cocky , the PCSO said she had been cycling the wrong way down a one - way street and threatened to fine her .
After she apologised , the PCSOs departed , but returned moments later with about six police officers , she said .
She was searched and , after an altercation with one officer , was accused of being aggressive , bundled to the ground and arrested .
The PCSOs were not involved in the arrest .
After five hours in a police cell , Bonomo said she was told to sign an £ 80 fixed penalty fine for a public order offence .
She plans to contest the penalty , which stipulated she caused " harassment , alarm and distress " in public .
Bonomo returned the next day to interview builders who had witnessed her arrest .
Footage of the interviews appears to corroborate her account .
" I was disgusted , " one said .
" They were terribly out of order .
There was one officer who was spiteful to you . "
The Met confirmed that a woman was stopped and searched under section 44 of the Terrorism Act .
Any complaint made to police would be fully investigated .
A young woman walks into a bar , drinks too much and carelessly shows the man next to her that she is carrying a wad of notes in her handbag .
He mugs her on her way home and the police arrest him .
The jurors mutter that she has no one to blame but herself , but they do n't mean it .
However much of an idiot they think she has been , they still know that a mugging is the responsibility of a mugger and the guilty man must pay .
A young woman walks into a bar , drinks too much and carelessly flirts with the man next to her .
He follows her and rapes her .
The jurors mutter that she has no one to blame but herself , but this time they mean it .
She is more than just an idiot .
The supposed provocation she offered absolves the alleged rapist of responsibility .
It 's her fault now .
Take the case of a young and previously confident woman I know who walked into a bar .
A man she had been chatting to followed her into the lavatories .
There was DNA evidence that he had sex with her and she emerged covered in bruises .
CCTV cameras were not in the lavatories , but they were outside , and showed the man 's friends dragging her out of the pub and dumping her on the street .
The jury nevertheless acquitted after it heard the man say that she had consented and his lawyers add that she was drunk and had once committed a minor offence .
She attempted suicide .
Her parents saved her , but the combination of the confrontation in the bar and public humiliation in the courtroom has left her profoundly depressed .
A generation back , liberal - minded people blamed prejudiced officialdom for the law 's double standards and I can see survivals of old misogyny today .
You cannot say that the judiciary has learnt the lessons of feminism when it is so determined to pimp the English libel law to the world 's rich that it allows Roman Polanski to sue via video link from Paris because the police would arrest him for the statutory rape of a 13 - year - old if he set foot in a British court .
A lord chief justice who announces that he wants to impose sharia on British women with brown skins , but not British women with white skins , also has much to discover about anti-sexism and , indeed , anti-racism .
But it is no use pretending that today 's judges are as prejudiced as the jowly monsters of the 1970s .
No judge in the 21st century would dare say that a woman who goes out in a short skirt invites men to attack her , even if he thinks it .
The police have transformed their behaviour , too .
In 1982 , the BBC provoked national outrage when it broadcast a gruesome fly - on - the - wall documentary showing detectives mocking and bullying a confused rape victim .
Today , lawyers complain that police treat women too gently for their own good and do not prepare then for the tough cross examination defence barristers will inflict on them when they reach the witness box .
As for the government , Labour 's women ministers have made it their business to reform the law .
From the 2003 Sexual Offences
Act that tightened up the definition of consent to Baroness Stern 's announcement last week that she wanted to see drunken men who force themselves on their wives and girlfriends treated as rapists , they have tried to turn Britain into a country where " no " means " no " under any circumstances .
All for nothing .
Journalists usually trot out the statistic that only 6 % of women who report a rape see their attacker convicted .
Although shocking , the figure is misleading because most reports of crime do n't lead to a sentence .
Conviction rates are more telling .
The Crown Prosecution Service only takes a case to court when it believes it has a fair chance of winning .
Usually , its prosecutors call the odds right and last year won 86.6 % of the cases they initiated .
In rape trials , however , they secured guilty verdicts in just 58 % of cases .
Usually , I am happy to denounce the authorities for just about anything , but with rape I have to denounce the public .
Julie Bindel , who can often seem the last principled feminist in England , has sat through dozens of rape cases and told me : " I gaze into juries ' eyes and see middle - aged women in particular wanting to blame the victim .
They look at the man in the dock and think he 's like their sons . "
Women barristers , both prosecutors and defenders , told the same story .
" If the defendant 's of previously good character and there has been any kind of drunken flirtation before , they want to find reasons to acquit , " said one .
" Juries do n't like branding a man a rapist , " said a second .
" If she knows him and led him on , juries appear to say , ' Yes , he had sex with you without your consent , but you should have known better . ' "
On the one hand , juries are doing the job they have been doing for centuries .
Drink , drugs and flirtations produce enough mixed signals to cause reasonable doubt in a defendant 's favour when he says that he thought she consented and she says he raped her .
On the other , they are sending an unforgiving message .
You should n't generalise about generations .
There are as many shy , sensible or cautious young women now as there have always been .
But today 's dominant style is for women to be bawdy and empowered : to try to drink as much as the men around them , talk as dirty and boast about their control of their lives .
They are not enjoying the liberation that the feminists of the 1970s imagined , but a kind of social equality .
If men can behave badly , women can too .
Then they provide a convincing account of rape backed up in my friend 's case with DNA evidence and bruises , and too often they find that , far from being empowered , they are publicly dishonoured .
The jury , a representative sample of the people who pass them in the street , takes their account of themselves literally and says that , if the defendant is really so brassy and sassy and in control of her life , then rape is n't the responsibility of the rapist and the victim must pay .
IT IS said that God created man in his own image , but the reverse also seems to be the case .
People subconsciously project their own views on controversial issues onto God , so much so that when their views change slightly , they think the deity 's views have also shifted , new research suggests .
The study , by an American and Australian team , was aimed at finding out how believers determine the will of God on important topics , and used a variety of techniques including surveys , psychological manipulation and brain imaging .
Researchers led by Nicholas Epley , a professor of behavioural science at the University of Chicago , said believers often rely on what they think God wants them to do as a ' ' moral compass ' ' .
But this is a poor analogy , they found .
'' The central feature of a compass is that it points north no matter what direction a person is facing , '' they wrote .
by Thorsten Leemhuis
Kernel versions 2.6.27.40 , 2.6.27.41 and 2.6.31.7 offer minor improvements and correct several bugs – including one security hole .
Torvalds has already incorporated more than 5,000 changes for Linux 2.6.33 .
Its merge window will probably be open for just over another week .
Various developers are working on significant improvements to the open source Radeon graphics drivers .
Development of Linux 2.6.33 under way
As usual , Linus Torvalds began integrating the first changes for version 2.6.33 of the Linux kernel immediately after the release of Linux 2.6.32 last Thursday .
Up to now Torvalds merged more than 5000 commits – 2900 of them found their way into the public
Git tree of Linux on Thursday evening and so were flooding the in - boxes of those who receive email notifications of all the commits in the main development branch through the git-commits-head@vger.kernel.org mailing list .
The changes included components such as the DRBD ( Distributed Replicated Block Device ) replication solution used in High Availability ( HA ) environments – on the other hand , the developers removed the Anticipatory IO Scheduler ( AS ) , because , reportedly , it only offers some of the features included in CFQ ( " AS is mostly a subset of CFQ , so there 's little point in still providing this separate IO scheduler " ) .
Among the many new drivers is rt2800 pci for Ralink 's RT2860 and RT3090 PCI Wi-Fi chips – until now , these chips could only be addressed via drivers which have n't yet reached the quality levels required by the kernel developers .
As usual , most of the changes were inspected by the various kernel subsystem maintainers , who collect them in separate Git branches and then ask Torvalds to merge them into the main development branch via a Git - Pull request .
That the Father of Linux does check the things he is asked to merge can be seen in the LKML discussion around the Git - Pull request submitted by the maintainer of the power management subsystem .
In this exchange , Torvalds seriously criticised some of the patches collected for integration , sparking a prolonged discussion which is still ongoing .
The maintainer of the power management subsystem has since put the criticised changes on hold and submitted a new Git-Pull request for the rest of the patches , which have now been merged by Torvalds .
Numerous further changes in other areas are likely to be merged over the week the merge window of 2.6.33 is still likely to remain open .
Linux version status
The maintainers of the Linux Stable Series released Linux versions 2.6.27.40 , 2.6.27.41 and 2.6.31.7 on Tuesday night .
As usual , these versions mainly offer minor corrections and improvements , although version 2.6.27.41 only corrects a flaw introduced in 2.6.27.40 .
The new 2.6.31 variant is one of the stable kernels with a comparatively large number of changes , and just under 120 patches have been integrated since the previous version .
In their release emails , the maintainers of the Stable Series advise that all users of self - compiled previous kernel versions should update to the new Linux kernel .
The maintainers give no detailed reasons or point out any security patches ( " All users of the 2.6.31 kernel series are very strongly encouraged to upgrade . " ) .
At least one of the patches merged for 2.6.31.7 , however , fixes a security hole known as CVE - 2009 - 1298 which some distributions have already corrected via kernel updates .
New stable kernels that fix a recently discovered hole in the Ext4 - Filesystem_Code have yet to appear , although Git posts for 2.6.31.8 and 2.6.32.1 indicate these kernel version should be available soon .
In brief
Kernel
Clemens Ladisch is promoting the integration of the k10temp driver which reportedly allows reading the temperature sensors in modern AMD CPUs .
However , since many CPUs produce incorrect readings , the code to be introduced in 2.6.33 only works after a special parameter has been set .
According to a blog posting by Harald Welte about the potential GPL infringements of the Palm Pre smartphone , Palm use numerous proprietary kernel drivers that pretend to be under the GPL – the vendor was not able to provide the driver sources when prompted for them .
Kernel environment ( " plumbing layer " )
Richard Hughes has released version 0.5.14 of HAL , the software layer that handles negotiations between applications and kernel .
According to the release email , this will probably be its last version from the Linux side – instead of the abstraction layer , many of the applications that used to be based on HAL now directly use software such as udev or libudev , and HAL has become increasingly unimportant in the Linux world .
Douglas Gilbert has released version 0.23 of lsscsi .
Karel Zak has released version 2.16.2 of util - linux -ng , which contains some corrections and minor improvements to hwclock , libblkid , mkswap , mount and sfdisk .
Following the problems with the recalled version 3.1.0 of mdadm , in the second half of November Neil Brown released version 3.1.1 of the program .
He explicitly points out the major differences to the 3.0 series in his release email .
Zak already is working on 2.17 , which will bring the new command unshare – Zak explains its use in a recent blog post .
Graphics
X.org developer Peter Hutterer recently released version 1.7.2 of the X Server , whose various and mostly minor changes were intended to fix some problems of the previous versions in the 1.7 series .
However , there was a problem with the new version , prompting Hutterer to provide version 1.7.3 to fix it at short notice .
Kristian Høgsberg has released version 2.4.16 of the libdrm .
The Intel developer writes that this version contains numerous changes – for instance , the developers have removed orphaned Linux and BSD drivers .
The X developers also want to move on from the above - mentioned HAL and recently summarised their plans to this effect in their wiki .
Peter Hutterer has released versions 0.10.1 and 0.10.2 of the still emerging xf86 - input - wacom driver .
This driver is a fork developed from the linuxwacom driver for Wacom graphics tablets at X.org and Freedesktop.org .
Developer Alex Deucher , who works for AMD , has introduced DRM patches which add interrupt support to the drivers for Radeon 's series R600 and R700 GPUs – this allows monitor changes to be detected without polling and the display of new screen content to be better synchronised with the image changes .
Rafal Milecki has been working on code that dynamically adjusts the clock speed of Radeon GPUs and their memory depending on load ; in his blog , Dave Airlie reports about the progress made in terms of DisplayPort support in the driver code for Radeon graphics hardware .
In their blogs , Matthew Garrett and Peter Hutterer explain why it is unwise to enable the " SHMConfig " option in old versions of the synaptics touchpad driver .
For articles on the previous 2.6.32 kernel and links to the " Coming in 2.6.32 " series , see The H's Kernel Log - 2.6.32 Tracking page .
( thl )
( crve )
The Oregon City parents charged with criminally negligent homicide in the faith - healing death of their teenage son will ask a judge to dismiss the charges because they followed the advice of state child welfare workers .
Attorneys for Jeff and Marci Beagley also contend the law is unconstitutionally vague .
The Beagleys belong to the Followers of Christ , an Oregon City church that relies solely on spiritual healing and rejects doctors and medicine .
The hearing today in Clackamas County Circuit Court will preview some of the prosecution and defense arguments but wo n't delve into medical evidence .
Attorneys also will revisit issues that arose during the Carl and Raylene Worthington case .
The Worthingtons , also Followers of Christ , were accused of manslaughter in the death of their 15 - month - old daughter , Ava .
Raylene Worthington , who is the Beagleys ' daughter , was found not guilty after a 12 - day trial in July .
Carl Worthington was convicted of criminal mistreatment and sentenced to 60 days in jail .
Both cases involve questions about the rights of parents to treat their children with faith healing and allegations that church members are targeted for prosecution because of their beliefs .
Greg Horner , Clackamas County chief deputy DA , declined comment .
Prosecutors said in court filings that the Beagleys ' bias claim was unfounded .
The Beagley and Worthington cases differ in a couple of significant ways .
Neil Beagley was 16 years old when he died .
State law gives children over age 15 the right to independently seek and receive medical treatment .
Oregon law , however , does not permit a juvenile to refuse medical treatment , prosecutors said .
Neil Beagley had never been to a doctor , did not know the severity of his condition and could not make an informed decision , according to prosecutors .
The actions of the Oregon Department of Human Services will play a role in the Beagley 's defense .
Child welfare workers did not have contact with the Worthingtons .
Following Ava Worthington 's death on March 2 , 2008 , Human Services workers met twice with the Beagleys to discuss the medical condition of Neil and his younger sister .
The Beagleys said the indictment should be dismissed because they relied on statements by state employees , who told them Neil Beagley was legally permitted to decide whether to seek a doctor 's care .
Prosecutors say the Beagleys are free to make an entrapment claim during the trial and let a jury decide .
The Beagleys said the state is prosecuting them because of their religious beliefs and that non-church members in similar circumstances have not been charged with crimes .
Prosecutors noted that the Beagleys offered no examples to back up the discrimination charge .
The Followers of Christ -- a congregation that reportedly has about 1,200 members , mainly in the Oregon City area -- gained notoriety in the late 1990s after news reports that a large number of congregants ' children died from medically treatable conditions .
Shortly after that , the Legislature eliminated the faith - healing exemption in some manslaughter and criminal mistreatment cases .
Oregon law regarding the rights of parents to treat their children with faith healing changed several times over the decades .
The Beagley defense team maintains that Oregon 's criminally negligent homicide statute is confusing and so vague that it violates the couple 's constitutional rights .
Defense attorneys will argue that " a reasonably intelligent person would have no way of knowing that a parent who chooses to provide treatment to his or her child through spiritual means alone constitutes a violation of the duty of a parent . "
They claim the state wrongly treats spiritual healing as " nothing more than fatalism . "
Prayer , the laying of hands and anointing with oil -- the chosen practices of the Beagleys and their church -- are treated as " nothing more than throwing your hands in the air and saying ' Let nature take its course , ' " according to one of the defense motions .
--
UNIONTOWN , Pa . —A western Pennsylvania woman who drank herself unconscious celebrating her 20th birthday says a hospital did n't properly treat her , resulting in partial amputations of both of her legs .
Shanna Hiles ' medical malpractice suit against Uniontown Hospital and one of its emergency physicians says she passed out while sitting on the floor with her legs tucked under her in May .
Hiles was in that position for more than 12 hours , and she claims hospital officials did n't properly diagnose her condition and work to restore circulation to her legs .
Instead , Hiles claims she was transferred to a Pittsburgh hospital several hours later where both legs were amputated at the knee .
A hospital spokeswoman has declined to comment on the suit filed Tuesday .
------
Information from : Pittsburgh Tribune - Review , http://pghtrib.com
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Enfield , London and the Home Counties Our company ’s local teams and suppliers have been working in Enfield , throughout London , and in the Home Counties for over 25 years .
Our experience in your area means that we can provide expert support and guidance at every stage , whether you ’re building a simpler Velux loft conversion with a specific end date , or a Mansard conversion that needs help with the planning and design process , as well as the build .
Loft conversions add value to your home , and increase the internal living space for you to enjoy .
A free assessment with Loft Masters includes a home visit to see the space , and a quote will then be given based on the type of conversion , materials involved , and your specific requirements .
Our team is always happy to answer any questions you may have and even provide guidance to help you reduce the budget or ensure that we can complete the build by a specific date .
Our goal is to ensure that we provide you with the perfect London living space that you have been looking for .
We can also build house extensions and new developments for properties across London , so please contact us today to discuss your requirements .
We welcome all customers to take a look at our service pages for more information and to see previous examples of our work .
If you have anything you wish to discuss with us , feel free to call on 020 3967 2514 where one of the team will be happy to help with your query !
I have read enough about entanglement that it has gotten to the point where a paper with " entanglement " in the title or abstract really needs to be special or my eyes will glaze over as I reflexively click the " next " button in my RSS reader .
A couple of weeks ago , an entanglement paper got me enthused , but it has sat , unread , in a tab in my browser until earlier today .
The Physical Review Letters paper lays out experimental evidence for a very cool sort of entanglement that plays games with time and energy .
Essentially , they show that if you entangle a pair of photons in a particular way and then delay ( or advance ) the photons in time , you change the color of the photon — or , more precisely , you can limit the available colors that the photon can assume when it is finally measured .
Lets jump to the experiment , because that gives a good idea of what is being measured and , therefore , what is entangled .
The researchers took a green laser and focused it into a crystal that responds to the high intensity light in a nonlinear fashion ( I am not going to explain this further , because it would require a post all on its own ) .
The end result is that a few of the green photons get split approximately in half , creating a pair of entangled photons .
Since green light has a wavelength of 532nm , conservation of energy dictates that it gets split into two photons with a wavelength of 1064nm .
There is a bit of imprecision in the process , so , one photon could be up to 16nm on either side of this ideal value .
Energy conservation then dictates that the other is an equal distance from 1064nm in the other direction .
This gives each photon a potential bandwidth of 32nm , and , because of that bandwidth , there will be a certain time uncertainty about exactly when the photon pair was created .
What the researchers wanted to do is manipulate how long it takes the photon to reach a detector , with the timing based on its wavelength .
To do this , the researchers placed a beamsplitter so that each of the two photons travelled along separate paths .
Each photon was then passed through a phase - modulator , which acts like a time delay .
Following this , the photons went through a monochromator , which allows the researchers to choose exactly what wavelength they will detect .
After this , it is just a case of looking for the number of coincidental detections as the delay and detection wavelength are changed — and this is where the interesting stuff occurs .
To understand why it 's interesting , it 's helpful to look at what would happen with photons that are n't entangled .
If the phase modulators were off , we would expect that we would only get coincident counts when both monochromators were set to the wavelength of the laser .
If we set the phase modulators going in identical fashion , then we will get coincidence counts at both the wavelength of the laser and at a small offset to each side the center wavelength , which are called sidebands .
Even if the modulators switch at the same rate , but are out of phase , these sidebands will appear , positioned precisely based on the rate at which the phase modulator is switched .
( This is identical in every respect to the FM signal that your radio picks up , except at optical frequencies . )
OK , back to our entangled photons .
In this case , putting the phase modulators on identical settings also creates sidebands in the coincidence counts , except that these are located at twice the switching rate of the modulators .
Furthermore , if the two modulators are set out of phase with each other , so that one is advancing the phase , while the other is retarding the phase , then the coincidence counts only occur at the center frequency — the sidebands are eliminated entirely .
So lets think about that for a second : by advancing one photon in time a bit , and retarding the other in time a bit , the entanglement between them only allows the photons to have identical wavelengths .
Advancing both photons in time a bit only allows them to assume colors on each side of the center wavelength that differ by twice the amount expected by classical physics .
After years of playing with quantum mechanics and sitting around trying to imagine and understand it , findings like this — even when they are simply confirming an old prediction — still leave me feeling feeble - minded .
Quantum mechanics : reducing self - esteem one physicist at a time .
Physical Review Letters , 2009 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.163601
Listing image by Patryk Buchcik
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1726
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
Guy Webster
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-354-6278
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
Daniel Stolte
University of Arizona , Tucson
520-626-4402
stolte@email.arizona.edu
Dwayne BrownHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1726 Guy WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-6278 Daniel StolteUniversity of Arizona , Tucson520-626-4402
RELEASE : 10-014
Public Invited to Pick Pixels on Mars – Scientists Taking Suggestions on Where to Image the Red Planet Using NASA Satellite
TUCSON , Ariz . --
The most powerful camera aboard a NASA spacecraft orbiting Mars will soon be taking photo suggestions from the public .
Since arriving at Mars in 2006 , the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment , or HiRISE , camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has recorded nearly 13,000 observations of the Red Planet 's terrain .
Each image covers dozens of square miles and reveal details as small as a desk .
Now , anyone can nominate sites for pictures .
" The HiRISE team is pleased to give the public this opportunity to propose imaging targets and share the excitement of seeing your favorite spot on Mars at people - scale resolution , " said Alfred McEwen , principal investigator for the camera and a researcher at the University of Arizona .
The idea to take suggestions from the public follows through on the original concept of the HiRISE instrument , when its planners nicknamed it " the people 's camera . "
The team anticipates that more people will become interested in exploring the Red Planet while their suggestions for imaging targets will increase the camera ’s already bountiful science return .
Despite the thousands of pictures already taken , less than 1 percent of the Martian surface has been imaged .
Students , researchers and others can view Mars maps using a new online tool to see where images have been taken , check which targets already have been suggested and make new suggestions .
" The process is fairly simple , " said Guy McArthur , systems programmer on the HiRISE team at the University of Arizona .
" With the tool , you can place your rectangle on Mars where you 'd like . "
McArthur developed the online tool , called " HiWish , " with Ross Beyer , principal investigator and research scientist at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif. , and the SETI Institute in Mountain View , Calif .
In addition to identifying the location on a map , anyone nominating a target will be asked to give the observation a title , explain the potential scientific benefit of photographing the site and put the suggestion into one of the camera team 's 18 science themes .
The themes include categories such as impact processes , seasonal processes and volcanic processes .
The HiRISE science team will evaluate suggestions and put high - priority ones into a queue .
Thousands of pending targets from scientists and the public will be imaged when the orbiter 's track and other conditions are right .
HiRISE is one of six instruments on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Launched in August 2005 , the orbiter reached Mars the following year to begin a two - year primary science mission .
The spacecraft has found that Mars has had diverse wet environments at many locations for differing durations in the planet 's history , and Martian climate - change cycles persist into the present era .
Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter is in an extended science phase and will continue to take several thousand images a year .
The mission has returned more data about Mars than all other spacecraft combined .
" This opportunity opens up a new path to students and others to participate in ongoing exploration of Mars . " said the mission 's project scientist , Rich Zurek of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
The University of Arizona Lunar and Planetary Laboratory operates the HiRISE camera , which was built by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp .
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is managed by JPL for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
Lockheed Martin Space Systems is the prime contractor for the project and built the spacecraft .
To make camera suggestions , visit :
http://uahirise.org/suggest/
For more information about the MRO mission , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/mro
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Deployment of 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan causes most ardent supporters to become disillusioned
Barack Obama 's escalation of the Afghanistan war brought a vehement reaction today from Americans who only a year ago had been among his most ardent supporters and are now disillusioned .
One of the leaders of the anti-war movement , Paul Kawika Martin , disclosed today that there had been a lot of angry comments aimed at Obama during a conference call with progressives from around the US today to discuss the Afghan move .
" I heard a woman say ' Obama can go to hell ' .
That was from someone who had campaigned for him . "
Martin , political director of Peace Action , added : " I am hearing a visceral reaction among the grassroots who are very disappointed .
People are feeling disillusioned .
People did want to give Obama a chance but that honeymoon period is clearly ending . "
The reaction Martin found today mirrors a wider liberal backlash against Obama that has been growing for the last few months over the watering down of the health bill , the failure to make a significant move on climate change and , above all else , the deployment of more US troops to Afghanistan , firstly 21,000 in March and now a further 30,000 .
Such sentiments can be heard at social gatherings round Washington where liberals meet and can be seen in the daily debates on liberal blog sites such as the Huffington Post , Daily Kos , Firedoglake and Talking Points Memo .
David Kurtz of Talking Points Memo defended Obama 's new Afghanistan policy but acknowledged liberal disillusionment : " I know many progressives are disenchanted with this decision . "
The liberal grassroots group , MoveOn.org , whose members campaigned hard for Obama last year , helped raise funds for him and continued to defend him throughout the early stages of his administration , today turned on him and unequivocally denounced the Afghanistan escalation .
MoveOn , which has been credited by political analysts as having helped get many Democrats elected to Congress in 2006 , a turning point for the party , today called on its members to call the White House to protest the Afghanistan decision .
" President Obama has ordered about 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan - escalating the war .
But escalation only deepens our involvement in a quagmire .
The president needs to hear that we want to bring the troops home , not send more to Afghanistan , " MoveOn said on its website .
Opposition to the escalation reaches deep inside the Democratic party , with liberal members of Congress opposed to the war making their resistance felt even before Obama had completed his speech .
They pose a danger for Obama , threatening to block his request for the $ 30 bn extra he needs Congress to approve to fund the 30,000 new troops .
Reflecting liberal unease in Congress , New York Democratic representative Louise Slaughter said : " I see no good reason for us to send another 30,000 or more troops to Afghanistan when we have so many pressing issues like our economy to deal with in this country . "
Another Democrat , Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin , echoed the sentiment : " It 's an expensive gamble to undertake armed nation - building on behalf of a corrupt government of questionable legitimacy .
Sending more troops could further destabilise Afghanistan and , more importantly , Pakistan , a nuclear - armed state where al - Qaida is headquartered . "
Anti-war Democrats are pushing for an early vote on funding before troops are sent into action .
The White House is extremely conscious that part of the base that helped get Obama elected last year is in danger of being eroded .
The decision to put in a date for the beginning of withdrawal of US troops was primarily a political one , designed to try to placate not only a US public sceptical about the war but the liberal , anti-war wing of the coalition that Obama built .
It did not appear to have worked , with some liberal commentators noting that it was only the start of the process and large numbers of US troops come remain in Afghanistan for years to come .
Public opinion polls show that support for the war has gradually waned since the start of the year , with hostility higher among Democratic supporters than Republicans .
The anti-war protests that were a feature of the Bush presidency have been in little evidence this year but that could change .
A new coalition has been formed in response to Obama 's decision , the Emergency Anti-Escalation Rally , and announced today it is to protest in front of the White House on 12 December .
VoteVets.org , which represents progressive American veterans reports its members are ambivalent about the Obama plan .
Jon Soltz , the chairman of VoteVets , said :
" We have been supportive of every move the president has made since he was elected , and have supported an increased focus on Afghanistan since our inception , but given the serious questions that are unresolved , we are n't ready to support what he 's laid out . "
The tone among liberal bloggers was more outspoken .
Typical of the comments today was KathyinBlacksburgh , who is an editor on the Virginia - based Blue Commonwealth site .
She wrote : " So , not one single life is worth it ….
It has become clear you do not care what the majority of Americans think .
By the way , we , the majority , think it 's wrong .
We think it 's unsupportable .
We think it 's unaffordable .
And we think it 's a huge mistake from a security perspective . "
Last summer Fox News participated in a media frenzy surrounding some sensationalistic videos produced by conservative activists and promoted by right - wing propaganda outlets .
The ACORN representatives in the videos appeared to counsel a couple of cartoonish characters posing as a pimp and a prostitute on how to apply for loans without disclosing the nefarious nature of their pretend business .
The subsequent controversy led to ACORN initiating an independent review to ascertain the facts and to propose solutions .
To that end they retained former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger to conduct a thorough investigation .
The results of the investigation were released last week ( pdf ) and revealed that …
“ While some of the advice and counsel given by ACORN employees and volunteers was clearly inappropriate and unprofessional , we did not find a pattern of intentional , illegal conduct by ACORN staff ; in fact , there is no evidence that action , illegal or otherwise , was taken by any ACORN employee on behalf of the videographers .
Instead , the videos represent the byproduct of ACORN ’s longstanding management weaknesses , including a lack of training , a lack of procedures , and a lack of on - site supervision . ”
Harshbarger pulled no punches in his condemnation of ACORN ’s failings .
While he found that there was no unlawful conduct , this was no vindication .
There was much about which to be embarrassed .
Reporting on the study ’s release could have justifiably focused on that aspect .
However , Fox News and its affiliates chose instead to virtually ignore the matter .
It was reported on the air with the typical Fox slant , and there was a single story on their web site and another on Fox Nation .
Also , Glenn Beck did a segment on it that focused more on how it tied into the carnival of unrelated conspiracy delusions that occupy his so - called brain .
Then it vanished .
What makes this peculiar is that Fox was wall - to - wall ACORN for several weeks when the videos were released .
You could n’t turn the network on without seeing a report or a replay of clips from the Borat News Team .
On one day in September , the Fox Nation posted sixteen separate stories on their web site – all with disparaging viewpoints .
This past week the Fox Nationalists had a single story on the report and another on Acorn - shaped cookies at a White House dinner ( I ’m not sure that counts ) .
Now that a study is released that actually delves into the factual details of the affair , Fox has gone silent after an obligatory wave .
And when they did address the issue , it was with their typical sneering disdain .
The Fox News account of the study ’s results was something less than “ fair and balanced . ”
While they did include excerpts from statements released by Harshbarger and ACORN CEO , Bertha Lewis , they interviewed no one from the ACORN side of the story .
On the other hand , Fox did do interviews with James O’Keefe , the videographer , Republican senator Lamar Smith , and a spokesman for Republican congressman Darrel Issa .
All of these critics dismissed the study despite not even bothering to dispute any of its findings .
The findings , by the way , also revealed some notable information about the folks who brought the story to Fox .
For instance , efforts by Harshbarger to interview O’Keefe and his hooker / partner Hannah Giles were rebuffed .
It should be noted that O’Keefe and Giles have declined EVERY interview request that did n’t come from Fox News , or an otherwise similarly prejudiced venue , since this story went public .
They are being kept in a hermetically sealed , undisclosed location .
Also , the punking pair and their patron , Andrew Breitbart ’s BigGovernment , refused to make the unedited videos available to Harshbarger for review .
Thus , preserving the producers intent to deceive , as well as to assure that any exculpatory material was edited out of the tapes before anyone could see them .
However , Harshbarger was still able to establish that the videos were materially altered prior to broadcast :
“ The videos that have been released appear to have been edited , in some cases substantially , including the insertion of a substitute voiceover for significant portions of Mr. O’Keefe ’s and Ms. Giles ’s comments , which makes it difficult to determine the questions to which ACORN employees are responding .
A comparison of the publicly available transcripts to the released videos confirms that large portions of the original video have been omitted from the released versions . ”
The release of this report may not absolve ACORN for acts that were improper by the people captured on video , but it demonstrates another incidence of their being tarred with allegations of illegality that are unproven and irresponsible .
ACORN has been the victim of repeated smears related to voter fraud when there has never been a single case of it documented .
Another news item this week reported that congressional efforts to defund ACORN were ruled unconstitutional .
Most of these relentless attacks against ACORN are motivated by right - wing politicians and organizations with a vested interest in suppressing low and middle income voters .
These are the citizens that ACORN serves and conservatives recognize that empowering them will be adverse to their agenda of advancing the interests of the wealthy and powerful .
That ’s why so many attempts have been made to undermine and discredit ACORN ’s operations .
And despite the fact that all of the allegations against ACORN have so far been thoroughly debunked , we can expect the harassment to continue .
We can also expect the reporting from Fox to continue to be brazenly one - sided .
They will plaster their air with unverified allegations that harm the interests of ordinary Americans , and they will look the other way when there is positive news about them and the groups that are their advocates .
How can we expect
Fox to be impartial when they actually partnered with Giles to raise money for her defense ?
The Harshbarger report proves not only that ACORN is not guilty of breaking the law , it also proves that conservative media like Fox IS guilty of suppressing the truth .
Search for Baby Gabriel : Deception Fueling Frustration as Cops Track Leads Mother extradited and charged with kidnapping ; tips lead FBI to Nashville .
Jan. 11 , 2010  --
An Arizona mother accused of hiding her infant son from his father on a cross-country trip has been charged with kidnapping and child abuse , and she has still not told police where she left the baby or whether he 's even still alive .
Elizabeth Johnson , 23 , was extradited to Arizona , and investigators are now looking at another couple who had been in talks to possibly adopt Johnson 's son , Gabriel , as persons of interest .
Though Gabriel was last seen by witnesses in San Antonio , the FBI went to Nashville , Tenn. , to investigate leads that did not , authorities said , turn up evidence on Gabriel 's whereabouts .
Though the baby 's father , Logan McQueary , has said he received text messages from Johnson saying that she killed their son after he refused to sign paperwork terminating his parental rights , Johnson told a Phoenix television station that she simply gave the baby to an unknown couple in a San Antonio park .
It was a story she also relayed to Tammi and Jack Smith , the couple who said they were ready to adopt Gabriel from Johnson before she fled .
They denied knowing where Gabriel was being kept , but police believe they may be hiding information .
The two took lie detector tests last week , but police have not yet publicized the results .
Though the couple had initially stuck by Johnson , they told " Good Morning America " today that they are now starting to doubt the young mother .
" I feel like a fool , " Tammi Smith said .
" Stop whatever charade is being played , " Jack Smith added .
" Tell them where the baby is , and let 's get back to our normal lives . "
Last week , McQueary appeared on " Good Morning America " and begged for Gabriel 's return .
" Please , do the right thing and turn him over .
Do n't worry about getting in trouble or anything like that , " McQueary pleaded .
" Please .
I want my son back . "
Johnson Denies Harming Son
Johnson , 23 , of Tempe , Ariz. , was arrested Dec. 29 in Miami Beach without Gabriel and was initially charged only with interfering with custody .
" We are receiving some indications that Gabriel is still alive , and we 're very optimistic about that , " Tempe Police Sgt. Steve Carbajal told " Good Morning America " last week .
In a jailhouse interview this week with a Phoenix CBS affiliate , Johnson denied harming their son , saying she told McQueary she had killed Gabriel to get back at him .
" He had ruined my life , and he hurt me , and I wanted to hurt him , " she said .
" And that was the only thing I could say that would hurt him . "
She claimed in the same interview that she did n't know anything about the couple she left her son with , other than that they seemed trustworthy .
Cops : Couple Claiming to Be Gabriel 's Adoptive Parents Have No Rights to Child
Johnson 's grandfather , Bob Johnson , told ABC News that he does n't believe his granddaughter 's story that she simply left her child with an unknown couple .
" I think that she has given the baby to somebody , and I think she knows who it is , " he said .
" I think it 's in San Antonio in somebody else 's house , and she just ai n't given it up .
" She has an anger - management problem , and she 's working on that , " Bob Johnson said .
A search of Johnson 's car -- found by the FBI last Tuesday in San Antonio -- yielded no obvious clues or evidence of violence , police say .
Motherhood was never really Johnson 's strong suit , Bob Johnson said .
" She discovered after eight months that there 's more to this parenting than she wanted to get involved in , " he said .
" It was not her thing .
She was into fashion . "
Police have searched the Smiths ' home but found no clues to indicate where Gabriel might be .
Carbajal told " Good Morning America " that Tammi and Jack Smith have no legal right to the child .
" We want to be clear that the court has made a determination here in Arizona that Logan is the father , " he said .
" Logan has stated numerous times that his desire is to raise his son Gabriel . "
McQueary has charged that the Smiths pressured him into giving up the rights to his child .
" When Gabriel disappeared , they said , basically , ' You know , if you care about your son and you want him back , you will sign the paperwork and she will bring him back to us and you will know that he is safe , ' " McQueary said .
The Smiths denied that accusation and said they were simply passing on that message from Johnson and that they told McQueary they knew such papers would n't hold up because he signed them under duress , though it might bring the baby back .
" The father and Jack and I were in constant contact when we found out Elizabeth fled with the baby , " Tammi Smith said .
" When we finally got to speak to Elizabeth , she was so angry with the whole situation and told me , ' I have one message to give to Logan . ' "
That message , Smith said , was sign the papers and the baby will be brought back .
Anyone with information about Gabriel Johnson is asked to call the Tempe Police Department at 480-350 - 8311 .
World 's smallest mother to risk giving birth for third time
Stacey Herald :
The 2ft 4in mother shows her bump
The world ’s smallest mother is about to give birth for the third time - despite warnings she is risking her life .
Stacey Herald , who is just 2ft 4in tall , was told that becoming pregnant could kill her , but bravely defied doctors to have two babies half her height .
The 35 - year - old from Dry Ridge , Kentucky in the U.S. suffers from Osteogenesis Imperfecta , which causes brittle bones and underdeveloped lungs , and means she failed to grow .
Now Mrs Herald , who uses a wheelchair , and her husband Will , who is 5ft 9in , are eagerly awaiting the birth of their third baby , due in the next four weeks .
Currently as wide as she is tall , she cannot hold her daughter because her belly gets in the way , and has to rely on her husband to do most things around the house .
She admits being pregnant is ‘ uncomfortable ’ and leaves her bedridden for weeks on end .
By the time the new addition , a boy , is one he will already tower over his mother .
But despite all the obstacles , the mother and father , a trainee priest , say they want even more children .
The couple met in 2000 while working for a supermarket in their home town and were desperate for a family after marrying in 2004 .
But doctors warned Mrs Herald a baby would grow so large inside her tiny body it would eventually crush her organs , strangling her from the inside out .
Mrs Herald said : ‘ It broke my heart that I could n’t have kids .
‘ All my life my parents had told me that I could do anything .
Then there were these doctors telling me that we could n’t be a complete family .
It really hurt . ’
Outgrown : Mrs Herald , her husband Will and their two daughters - they are all taller than the 35 - year - old
Eight months later , the couple were thrilled when they discovered they were expecting and decided to go ahead even though family and doctors begged them to reconsider .
Mrs Herald , who had decided not to take contraception , said : ‘ They all told me that I would die .
They begged me not to have a baby .
' Even my mother said , ” You know you wo n’t survive right ? ” ‘ I told her : “ It ’s a miracle that I am here , that I have life , why could n’t this be a miracle too ? ” ’
Mrs Herald dances with her 5ft 9in tall husband
After 28 weeks , doctors performed a cesarean section and daughter Kateri was born , weighing just 2lbs and 1 oz in 2006 .
She grew well but there was heartbreak for the family when they discovered Kateri had inherited Mrs Herald ’s condition and would also never grow to a normal height .
But the young family resumed life as normal , before Mrs Herald fell pregnant a year later .
She said : ‘ It was kind of like the last time , everyone screamed : “ What are you doing ? ” at us .
‘ The doctors told me I was pushing my luck .
But we just prayed that God would bring us through it . ’
However this pregnancy took its toll on the little mother .
She said : ‘ It was hard , I got so much bigger faster .
At my worst point I remember bursting into tears , because I looked like a beach ball with a head and little feet .
‘ I spent weeks unable to do anything for myself because my stomach was so big .
At one point I dislocated my arm when I was moving from my chair into bed , because I just was n’t used to the weight on my arms .
‘ I ’ve always been able to do everything but this time I just could n’t and I found that really upsetting to have Will help me wash and go to the toilet .
‘ Also he was trying to look after a 16 - month old , so it was tough on both of us . ’
Doctors tried to let the second baby stay in her body for as long as possible , letting her pregnancy go to 34 weeks before wheeling her into theatre .
Daughter Makaya who , at 18 inches was more than half her mother ’s body length when she was born , weighed 4lbs and 7oz .
Now both girls are bigger than their mother who is 30 weeks pregnant with her first boy .
She said : ‘ It ’s getting tougher and tougher to move .
‘ At the moment because I ’m getting really big again I ca n’t hold my youngest daughter because my belly gets in the way and I ca n’t get my arms around her . ’
Tender : Mrs Herald , who suffers from suffers from Osteogenesis Imperfecta , plays with her daughter Makaya
Mrs Herald added : ‘ All my babies are miracles , but we have n’t thought about if we ’re going to have some more , as they ” re a real handful right now .
INDIANAPOLIS  Coach Jim Caldwell played by the rules when he opted to pull quarterback Peyton Manning and other starters in the third quarter of the Indianapolis Colts ' loss to the New York Jets last Sunday .
Those rules will come under review during the offseason , in part because of fan outrage following the Colts ' 29 - 15 setback .
" It is something we 'll look at , " Goodell told reporters on Sunday .
" We heard the fans loud and clear .
It 's something our competition committee has looked at in the past , but we 're going to ask our competition committee to look at it again in the future .
We want every game to be competitive . "
Goodell said the league was sensitive to criticism in the wake of the Colts ' use of backups when they lost their bid for a perfect season .
" We want to make sure the integrity of the NFL is first and foremost in everyone 's mind , and try to find ways to make sure our games are competitive at all points in the season , including the preseason , " Goodell said .
The current rule was endorsed by the league 's competition committee , adopted by the 32 teams and reviewed in 2005 .
It states that a team that has clinched its division title " has earned the right " to rest its starters for the playoffs , and that preparing for the postseason is as important as " protecting some other team 's playoff opportunity . "
The Colts are expected to play Manning and other starters sparingly Sunday at Buffalo in a game that has no playoff ramifications .
There 's a chance San Diego , Cincinnati and New England will limit the playing time of some of their high - profile players in games that could determine another team 's playoff fate .
Contributing : Wire reports
The Indianapolis Star is owned by Gannett , parent company of USA TODAY Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Ankara 's New Foreign Policy The Sad State of Turkish - Israeli Relations
Turkey has recently sought to secure a new role as Middle East mediator .
But fallout from postponed military exercises has seen it move further from Israel and closer to Syria .
Israelis are concerned , Syrians are celebrating and the Turks are guardedly diplomatic .
Excessive TV Watching Could Shorten Your Life Each extra hour of TV daily is tied to an 11 percent jump in early death risk .
Jan. 12 , 2009  --
Too much TV watching could mean a shorter lifespan , an Australian study has found .
Aussies who reported watching four or more hours of TV a day were 46 percent more likely to die during a 6 - and - a - half - year period than those who watched less than two hours a day , according to David Dunstan of Monash University in Melbourne and colleagues .
The risk of dying from cardiovascular disease during follow - up was 80 percent greater in the excessive viewers -- although , statistically , the association was only slightly stronger than what could be chalked up to chance -- the researchers reported online in Circulation : Journal of the American Heart Association .
But the associations were seen even when leisure - time exercise and traditional risk factors such as smoking , poor diet , high blood pressure , and abdominal obesity were taken into account .
" Sedentary living provokes coronary artery disease , " commented Dr. Gerald Fletcher , a cardiologist at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville , Fla . and spokesman for the American Heart Association .
Fletcher was not involved in the study .
" Even if you exercise , if you have a lot of sedentary living with the things that go along with it -- the bad diet and everything else -- you still have a net degree of physical inactivity , which is a coronary artery disease risk factor , " Fletcher told MedPage Today .
Previous studies had linked increased sedentary time , in general , to cardiovascular events and mortality risk .
But but the relationship between mortality risk and television viewing -- the predominant lesiure - time sedentary activity -- had not been studied , Dunstan and his colleagues wrote .
To explore the issue , they turned to the Austalian Diabetes , Obesity , and Lifestyle Study .
Excluding those who already had a history of cardiovascular disease , the researchers asked 8,800 adults living throughout Australia about the amount of time they spent watching TV and followed them for an average of 6.6 years .
During follow - up , there were 284 deaths -- 87 from cardiovascular disease , 125 from cancer , and 72 from other causes .
After adjustment for age , sex , waist circumference , and exercise , each additional hour of television time per day was associated with an 11 percent increased risk of early death from any cause and an 18 percent increased risk of death from heart disease .
TV watching was not significantly related to death from cancer or other causes .
According to Dunstan and his colleagues , the mechanism underlying the link between sitting and heart disease and metabolic disease risks is unclear .
" Observational studies with objective measures of sedentary time have reported significant associations of total sedentary time with blood glucose , blood lipids , and adiposity that are independent of moderate to vigorous exercise , " they noted .
In addition , " animal studies have found enforced sedentary time to be related to lipoprotein lipase activity , " they wrote .
" Our findings broadly support these hypothesized physiological links . "
Mayo's
Fletcher said studies like this might serve as a wake - up call for some patients , but he was not optimistic .
" Sometimes one out of 10 people say , ' Gosh , that means something and maybe I should stop that , ' but the other nine do n't , " he commented .
Our take on the big debate .
Plus : Mike goes to Sprouts ...
Robb 's son turns 18 , and mike battles the schoolbus again .
Time for your personalised shot ( Image : Phanie Agency / Rex Features )
CHILDREN whose genetic make - up means they may not be protected by the standard form of a vaccine could in future be given a personalised shot .
This is the prospect raised by the discovery of gene variants that seem to predict whether an individual will produce enough antibodies in response to a vaccine to protect them against disease .
Vaccines expose the immune system to a deactivated version of a disease agent .
This prompts the production of specific antibodies , which will bind to the real disease - causing agent if the vaccinated person is later …
MaxDrei ,
From your vantage point , everything I say makes very little sense .
Descriptions , events , practices and patenting scenarios for American startups that I describe , simply do not seem to connect with the spectrum of experiences and realities with which you are familiar .
No doubt , you are a reasonable , thoughtful and probably an excellent European patent attorney .
Why then do we have this “ disconnect , ” wherein you cannot see the risks that some of us see in changing our U.S. system to a filing date - based patent system ?
I suspect it is because you can only see what comes your way .
Entities , events , practices and patenting scenarios that do not arise , and indeed cannot survive , in your European economic system and your FTF world are not there for you to observe , experience and understand .
We have an early - stage company environment that you do not see .
It is readily apparent from your assertions above : “ American corporations with an eye beyond the US domestic market already live in a FtF world , one in which being first to the Patent office is imperative .
One is already filing , just as early as possible , whether a key employee left yesterday or not . ”
Many American startup companies do not fit your image , which apparently you formed based on mature and larger firms .
All the startups with which my colleagues and I have been involved , raised money from investors under a ‘ due diligence ’ process that focused entirely on our ability to succeed in the U.S .
Any business plan that relied on foreign revenues for its success was discounted .
In some cases we seek no foreign patents on technologies developed for U.S. standards or markets that do not even exist outside the U.S. International business is often the icing on the cake with more distant prospects .
( Of course , these prospects become more important in the later stages of the company , perhaps after the founders / inventors ’ exit ) .
You apparently do not see much of the corporate “ newborns ” or the “ young ” , as they are a small minority in Europe .
The figure below provides a partial explanation .
The Schumpeterian “ creative destruction ” is much more prevalent in the U.S. and it has profound effects on the competitive dynamics that make patent protection essential for the “ newborns and the young . ”
The higher rate of firm formations in America is accompanied by higher employee mobility and more intense knowledge and technology diffusion .
U.S. engineers ’ average time with one employer is less than half that of their European counterparts .
These factors and others compel U.S. startups to adopt non-trivial defensive procedures to protect their IP and the current provisions of FTI make that possible .
However , many such events , practices and patenting scenarios do not arise , and indeed cannot survive , in your European economic system and your FTF world .
Your FTF patent system denies a patent to first inventors in 90 % of the scenarios and precludes a patent grant to any party in 83 % of the scenarios .
Figure 7 from Pedersen & Woo illustrates this .
With such odds , most of the scenarios that early - stage American startups face , do not exist in Europe .
Thus , your utter dismissal of my example of the procedures for key employee departures is understandable , as these may not be relevant in your world .
It is also apparent that your clients ’ work may not expose you to the real workings of the invention process , one that is often clearly evident in basic and disruptive technologies developed by startups .
Your comment on enabling disclosures is illuminating :
“ In FtF country , people like me constantly urge their corporate clients not to make non-enabling disclosures , for fear of setting up obviousness attacks on their in - the - pipeline improvement inventions .
Instead , we urge prompt filing of enabling disclosures of those improvement inventions , in priority filings ( provisionals , if you will ) at the earliest commercially sensible dates . ”
Urging prompt filing of enabling disclosures is often urging the impossible .
The belief and conviction that this is possible appears to be a theme in many of your postings .
You must be involved with minor or incremental inventions , and perhaps explaining your misapprehension of our American startup environment .
The following example of an actual American startup invention process would be illustrative .
Consider an actual profile of a five - year R&D and invention effort of the Mova® system developed by my friend Steve Perlman .
It is described in Steve ’s Columbia University presentation available at link to j.mp .
Slide 35 shows that no less than fifty important inventive ideas had been conceived , evaluated and tested over periods spanning months or years in the course of this system ’s development ( labeled by “ invention ” squares ) .
The majority of these inventions proved to be useless .
During that time , only about six patent applications had been filed ( labeled by “ path to success ” arrows ) .
In most cases , there was no way of filing prompt and enabling applications .
As Steve explains in his presentation , the prospects of such a development effort under FTF would have been dire .
Because the cost , effort and time lost to have acted on every one of these inventions would have been prohibitive , this R&D team would have had to frequently face a painful dilemma as to which of these inventions should be written up and filed in a patent application .
Unfortunately , many such premature guesses would have proved wrong , so , under FTF , costly applications would be filed for some useless inventions and patent protection would be lost for other valuable inventions .
Investors will not assume such risks , which is why such inventions seldom occur under FTF scenarios .
Max , from your vantage point , everything I say makes very little sense .
This is apparently because you simply do not know enough about a process that is rather rare in your world .
You can never be concerned about the sky falling if you have none .
Joining Travolta 's Scientology humanitarian effort to capture as many mind prisoners as possible , a Christian group is sending an army of Proclaimers to Haiti .
Proclaimers are solar - powered audio bibles , which could assemble into a giant robot to destroy the scientologists .
Advertisement
Maybe .
I just like the idea of a giant Bible robot fighting Travolta and his cohorts until they obliterate each other .
Advertisement
But I digress : According to Australian news outlet ABC News , the Faith Comes By Hearing organization has sent 600 of these Bibles already , which will spread the Holy Word speaking in Haitian Creole .
They claim that they are helping Haitians by " providing faith , hope and love through God 's word in audio " .
The first part is good , especially if you accompany that with food , water , medicines , and shelter .
The second part , however , may not be that useful at this point .
They claim that " the Proclaimer is self - powered and can play the Bible in the jungle , desert or ... even on the moon ! "
I 'm sure that it would be more helpful in the moon than it could be in Haiti .
Because I imagine that , in Haiti , a solar - powered Bible would be as helpful as the Genesis according to Eddie Izzard .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ ABC News ]
Rambler Socket maybe the solution most of us are looking for as far as extension cords are concerned .
I mean if you hit “ Extension Cord ” on YD , for most of the posts you will see readers nitpicking and finding fault with the design .
Here ’s why Rambler Socket will knock your socks off .
It ’s this 1.5 meters cord that unfurls from a cavity behind its socket .
When you do n’t need extensions , it ’s neatly tucked away .
When you need it , simply pinch the sides and wind it out .
After the deed is done , you simply give the wire a gentle tug ( activates a spring mechanism ) , and it recoils back into place .
Ideal for using with electronics like vacuum cleaners , hair driers etc where you do n’t need extension cords on a full - time basis .
Designer : Meysam Movahedi
Shosholoza Meyl trains collide
At 14h20 on the 7th December 2009 , Shosholoza Meyl economy class Train No 17007 going from Cape Town to Johannesburg collided head on with the Shosholoza Meyl tourist class Train No 71010 going from Johannesburg to Cape Town ( it is understood one of the trains was stationary ) ; along the Carletonville road in Boskop , about 25 km north of Potchefstroom .
Police suspect that one failed to switch tracks .
Whilst the locomotives did not overturn , several carriages did .
( Earlier reports incorrectly said that one of the trains was the luxury Premier Classe train ) .
1 died , 110 injured
A 24 - year - old pregnant female passenger ( initially incorrectly identified as the train manager ) had multiple facial injuries and paramedics could not revive her ( she was on the economy class train to Johannesburg ) .
A hundred and 7 people ( mostly toddlers & teenagers ) were injured ( 4 critically , including a 3 - month old baby ) and taken to the Lesley Williams , the Potchefstroom Hospital and some as far as the Tshepong hospital outside Klerksdorp .
Emergency services personnel were still on the scene just before 4 pm .
Lydia Ntsabelle from Swellendam bit her tongue and some of her husband Piet 's teeth were knocked loose ( they were returning home after visiting their kids in Johannesburg ) .
There were 159 people in the tourist train and 494 passengers onboard the economy class train .
Those not requiring hospitalisation spent hours waiting in the sun with their baggage for buses to pick them up and take them to Park Station in Johannesburg .
Damage
The damage was estimated at R30 - million .
Comments
" This incident is unfortunate , and the RSR ( Railway Safety Regulator ) will ensure that the Passenger Rail Agency of SA … based on the outcomes of our investigation , puts in place measures that will ensure we do not have a recurrence of an accident of this nature . " said RSR spokesman Lawrence Venkile .
Passengers ' comments
" I was very shaken to see people being carried off in stretchers , but it was touching to see how helpful South Africans are to each other , " said Giselle Alexander , a passenger from Worcester .
" The train shook terribly and then we just saw dust outside .
Our carriage was just before the dining room carriage .
There was broken glass and cutlery everywhere . " said Janet Fouché from Orange Grove in Johannesburg .
Map of Potchefstroom , including Boskop
Previous accidents
The last serious accident involving a Shosholoza Meyl train was on the 27th October 2007 , when a Shosholoza Meyl train crashed into a stationary Blue Train outside De Aar ( no fatalities , but 5 people seriously injured ) .
Warning : include ( ../../../../userinput.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/www / users / southvryrd/transport / Train/Shosholoza-Meyl/2009/20091207-Shosholoza-Meyl-trains-collide.php on line 140 Warning : include (../../../../userinput.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/ www / users / southvryrd/transport / Train/Shosholoza-Meyl/2009/20091207 -Shosholoza-Meyl-trains-collide.php on line 140 Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening '../../../../userinput.php5 ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/share/php') in /usr/www/users/southvryrd/transport/Train/Shosholoza-Meyl/2009/20091207-Shosholoza-Meyl-trains-collide.php on line 140
A New Shape for the Heliosphere
One problem with journeys that are beyond today ’s technologies is that we forget , in our zeal to get a payload to the target , how little we know about the regions we ’ll pass through along the way .
It ’s amazing how little we know , for example , about the heliosphere around the Solar System , yet any probe pushing into interstellar space will have to cross from the region of space under the Sun ’s influence into a zone where the interstellar medium flows around this ‘ bubble , ’ disturbing the solar wind and creating a secondary bubble , the heliosheath .
We do n’t yet have a global view of what spacecraft will encounter in the heliosheath as the solar wind is heated and slowed by these interactions .
Only recently have we gotten the Voyagers into these regions , and in any case these doughty vehicles can only produce single - point measurements .
But we ’ve got the IBEX ( Interstellar Boundary Explorer ) spacecraft making observations from near Earth , and now we learn that Cassini , our intrepid Saturn orbiter , has also produced excellent data on what happens at system ’s edge .
NASA is now offering an interesting animation of the heliosphere and heliosheath , showing the interstellar medium flowing past , with the interstellar magnetic field moving around the bubble of hot , high pressure particles .
The findings that produced this animation are intriguing because it was previously thought that the Solar System moved through the interstellar medium in a shape resembling that of a comet .
Instead , scientists using Cassini ’s Ion and Neutral Camera sensor on its Magnetospheric Imaging Instrument ( MIMI ) find that the heliosphere is less like a comet and more like a ball moving through smoke , the ‘ smoke ’ being the interstellar magnetic field .
This JPL news release uses a more vivid turn of phrase : “ … the new results suggest our heliosphere more closely resembles a bubble – or a rat – being eaten by a boa constrictor : as the solar system passes through the “ belly ” of the snake , the ribs , which mimic the local interstellar magnetic field , expand and contract as the rat passes . ”
Image :
In this illustration , the multicolored ( blue and green ) bubble represents the new measurements of the emission of particles known as energetic neutral atoms .
The energetic neutral atoms were streaming in from the thick boundary known as the heliosheath .
The heliosheath is the region between the heliosphere , the region of our sun ’s influence , and the interstellar medium , the matter between stars in our galaxy .
Areas in red indicate the hottest , most high - pressure regions and purple the coolest , lowest - pressure regions .
Credit : NASA / JPL / JHUAPL .
As to the heliosheath itself , the Cassini data indicate it ’s somewhere between 40 and 50 AU thick .
That ’s a remarkable result from a spacecraft that has as its primary mission the investigation of Saturn and its moons .
But Cassini ’s studies of the energetic electrons and ions trapped in Saturn ’s magnetic field , and of the energetic neutral atoms also produced in this environment , have produced a treasure trove of data that includes particles arriving from the outer Solar System .
Usefully , the picture that began to emerge from Cassini squared with what IBEX had already produced , thus deepening our understanding of this outer region .
Says MIMI scientist Don Mitchell ( JHUAPL ) :
“ I was initially skeptical because the instrument was designed for Saturn ’s magnetosphere .
But our camera had long exposures of months to years , so we could accumulate and map each particle that streamed through the tiny aperture from the far reaches of the heliosphere .
It was luck , but also a lot of hard work . ”
The paper is Krimigis et al. , “ Imaging the Interaction of the Heliosphere with the Interstellar Medium from Saturn with Cassini , ” Science , Vol. 326 , No. 5955 ( 13 November 2009 ) , pp. 971-973 ( abstract ) .
QtWui : Web User Interface for Qt
0.2
QtWui is a module for Qt that enables you to write web applications just like you where writing a standard desktop GUI application with QtGui .
It comes with a simple web server that runs the application .
In the future it will also be possible to use an external web server that supports FastCGI .
You can download the source package here : http://downloads.sourceforge.net/qtwui/qtwui-0.1.tar.gz
You can checkout latest SVN version :
svn co https://qtwui.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/qtwui qtwui
The idea behind QtWui is that each connected user opens a new session on the server and this session is like a standard application process on a desktop computer .
Each sessin has a lifetime that can be configured .
If no user action occurs before the end of the session lifetime , it is destroyed .
The web server works with an application server ( QwuiApplicationServer ) that is in charge of creating applications instances for each new client ( web browser ) .
When a client ( web browser ) connects to the server , a new application instance is created and a session ID is affected to it .
All further communication between the client and the server use this session ID , refering always the same application instance within the server .
Each application instance is independant of the others .
Modifying the widgets wo n't affect the other application instances .
You can chose between two different ways of handling client requests :
Queued : client requests are put in a FIFO and threated sequentially
Threaded : client requests are threated simultaneously within a thread .
A thread is created , the application instance corresponding to the client session ID is moved to this thread and than all the computation and communication takes place in this thread .
Once finished .
the application goes back to the application server pool and the thread is destroyed .
If the application cannot provide any html code for the given URL , the request is forwarded to a file resource provider who will check if a file on the disk corresponds to the request and than will transmit it .
QtWui makes use of the AJAX technology to communicate between the client and the server .
All the client AJAX machinery is provided by Prototype Javascript Framework ( http://www.prototypejs.org/).
QtWui does n't provide many web widgets ( webgets ) for the moment :
A base widget ( QwuiWebget ) that can be used to compose complex UIs .
A main window ( QwuiMainWindow ) that is used as the main container for the web application .
It also initialises the CSS and javascript used by contained web widgets .
A label ( QwuiLabel ) that is similar to QLabel .
A scroll area ( QwuiScrollArea )
A stacked webget ( QwuiStackedWebget )
A set of layouts to organise your webgets ( QwuiHBoxLayout , QwuiVBoxLayout , QwuiStackedLayout and QwuiGridLayout ) .
They are similar to their friends in QtGui .
Here is the traditionnal " Hello World " example :
int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { QCoreApplication app ( argc , argv ) ; QwuiApplicationServer webAppServer( webMain ) ; webAppServer.setBuiltInServerPort( 8888 ) ; webAppServer.exec ( ) ; return app.exec ( ) ; } QwuiApplication * webMain ( const QString& session
Id , const QStringList& args ) { Q_UNUSED ( args ) ; QwuiApplication * webApp = new QwuiApplication ( sessionId ) ; QwuiMainWebget * mw = new QwuiMainWebget ( NULL , " mw " ) ; mw->setTitle ( " QtWui Test " ) ; QwuiLabel * helloWorld = new QwuiLabel( mw , " helloWorld " ) ; webApp->setMainWebget( helloWorld ) ; helloWorld ->setText ( " Hello World ! " ) ; return webApp ; }
QtWui can be built like a standard Qt program : with qmake and make .
The sources come with a simple demo : a hangman game .
It is built with the QtWui sources .
Go to the folder where you uncompressed the source archive and follow the these steps :
On unices : qmake make ./run_hangman.sh
On windows with the msvc compiler qmake nmake run_hangman.
bat
The run_hangman script starts the server on the port 8888 .
edit the script to change the port .
Then start a web browser and go to the http://localhost:8888 page to try the game .
There are many feature missing in QtWui to make it a usable web application framework .
The main missing things are :
Add form widgets ( buttons , checkboxes , line edits , etc ... )
Add missing webgets like progress bars , splitters , menus , dock widgets , etc ...
Add support for external web servers ( Apache , Lighttpd , IIS , etc ... )
And much more !
Main developer : Eric ALBER ( eric DOT alber AT gmail DOT com )
Help is welcome !
by Thomas MacMillan | August 15 , 2009 10:53 PM
| Permalink | Comments ( 70 )
Violence flared in East Haven , as New Haven activists marching to protest alleged police racism tangled with out - of - state “ white nationalists . ”
Gallo said that East Haven is “ the wrong town to be demonstrating in . ”
The “ correct ” town to voice complaints about immigration laws , he said , is Washington D.C .
Gallo said that his officers check for outstanding warrants whenever they pull someone over .
Sometimes outstanding criminal issues can include deportation orders , he said .
But the chief denied charges that police officers have been calling federal immigration enforcement when arresting any and all Latinos .
“ That is not my understanding , ” he said .
Asked if his department keeps records on the ethnicity of arrestees , Gallo said that it does .
He said that arrests of Latinos account for less than 30 percent of all arrests , but that he could n’t be sure without checking the records .
“ I ’d have to look it up , ” he said .
Manship said that although East Haven ’s mayor is engaging in federal Department of Justice - mediated conversations with some Latino business owners , there have been no changes in East Haven ’s policies and procedures regarding interactions between police and Latinos .
“ Several months ago … we decided that a public manifestation was n’t in the best interests of what we ’re trying to achieve , ” Manship said when contacted by phone .
Not attending the march was New Haven priest Father James Manship , who was arrested in February while documenting alleged police harassment in East Haven .
Manship has been an outspoken advocate for immigrant rights and members of his Fair Haven church have called for a Department of Justice ( DOJ ) investigation of the East Haven police department .
After the protest had dissipated , business owner Wilfred Matute was in the back of My Country Store , wiping up a spill in one of his coolers .
Matute had watched as the march passed by , but he said that he did not support the event .
It will only create more problems , he said .
Down the street , the marchers passed between Los Amigos Grocery , on the left side of the street , and La Bamba Restaurant , on the right .
Both businesses are run by Ecuadorians .
Several men came outside La Bamba to watch the march pass by .
They declined to give their names , but said that they recognized the problems caused by the alleged East Haven police actions against Latinos and that they supported the marchers .
Sitting at the counter at the front of his bakery ( pictured ) , Pedro Guteirrez looked out as the protest marched past .
Asked for his opinion about the protest , Gutierrez was noncommittal .
Shrugging , he said everyone has a right to express his opinion .
Gutierrez said that police harassment had “ calmed down ” recently and that things are improving in East Haven .
Saturday ’s march passed by several of the Ecuadorian - owned businesses who have made complaints of ongoing racial harassment at the hands of the police .
Inside , as the business owners and customers watched the protest pass by , they had mixed feelings about the event .
John Lugo ( at left in photo , with Chief Gallo ) , the protest ’s lead organizer , expressed his satisfaction with the march .
“ I think it went fine , ” he said .
He announced a follow - up meeting for Tuesday at New Haven People ’s Center to plan the activists ’ next steps .
Meanwhile , protest speakers on the green finished up their remarks and the crowd dispersed .
Many walked back to the march ’s starting point where they listened to a speech by Emma Jones , whose son was killed by East Haven police in 1997 after a high - speed chase that ended in New Haven .
Robert O’Donovan , a member of Northeast White Pride , said that the United States was “ founded and created by Europeans for Europeans , not for third world people to come here . ”
He said that immigrants from Latin America bring crime and drugs with them .
“ We ’re just supporting our local police department , ” said East Haven resident Lori Acerra , who stood on the sidewalk with a sign , watching the protesters on the green .
“ If you ’re legal , you ’ve got no reason to hide . ”
She said that in 20 years in East Haven , she had never had or heard a complaint about the police .
Coughlin said that undocumented immigrants create a financial burden on the rest of the American population .
“ The hardworking citizens of America end up picking up their bills , ” he said .
“ All we ’re asking is for people to obey the law , ” Coughlin said .
“ We welcome legal immigrants , it ’s the illegal people we do n’t like . ”
Across Main Street , a crowd gathered to watch and shout counter - slogans .
Among them was Lance Coughlin ( pictured ) , a former East Haven cop who had advertised a rally entitled “ Stand up against illegal immigrants ” on Facebook .
Coughlin said that he had been joined by a small number of supporters and had no affiliation with the white nationalists .
The protesters rallied on the East Haven green , listening to several speakers who gave bullhorn - amplified speeches condemning alleged racial discrimination and violence by East Haven police officers .
Among the speakers were New Haven activist Shelton Tucker of People Against Injustice , New Haven peace activist Stephen Kobasa , and Antonio Arizaga from Frente Unido De Immigrantes Ecuatoriano , a national association of Ecuadorian immigrants .
“ I ’m just done .
I ’m done with East Haven , ” said Maldonado , who moved to the town a year ago from Massachusetts .
Maldonado , who was born in Brooklyn , said that East Haven police have in the past asked him for his “ alien card . ”
Jessica Maldonado ’s father , Dimas Maldonado , later said that his family has suffered discrimination at the hands of East Haven police officers .
“ Every time I call the police , we get arrested , ” he said .
He explained that his son has been twice attacked and then arrested or threatened with arrest when he called the police to report the crime .
The outbreak of violence between Maldonado and Fiorentino briefly threatened to derail the march , as protesters stopped marching to chant “ Let her go ! ” and “ Shame ! ” at the police .
But order was restored , and the march continued to the town green .
Shouts and insults were exchanged between the protesters and the white nationalists as the march passed by .
Several men wore black bandanas covering their faces .
One had a cap that read “ Border Patrol ” and a swastika tattoo on his forearm .
A member of the group later claimed that the members are not white supremacists , but “ white nationalists . ”
On the left side of Main Street near to the green , a small group of counter - protesters waved flags that read “ White Pride Worldwide , ” advertising the group that delivered threatening flyers to Latino - owned East Haven businesses in March .
Also represented was a group called East Coast White Unity .
Asked about his prosthetic leg , Maruno said that he lost it when he was hit by an East Haven police car in 1997 while he was riding an ATV .
He harbors no grudges against East Haven police because of the incident , Maruno said
Lou Maruno said that he works in New Haven ’s Fair Haven neighborhood , where he sees a lot of “ them ” violating traffic laws , like running red lights .
Maruno defined “ them ” as , “ people of other ethnic backgrounds . ”
“ You ca n’t tell someone ’s race from the back of the car , ” he said .
“ East Haven police are n’t doing anything wrong . ”
Lou Maruno ( pictured ) of New Haven ’s Morris Cove neighborhood waved an American flag as he stood on the sidewalk with this dog .
He said that he was there to stand up for the East Haven police against charges of racism in traffic stops .
The marchers made their way along the one - mile route to East Haven Town Hall .
As the protest neared the East Haven green , sidewalk opposition grew .
Just past noon on Saturday , protesters gathered across from the Main Street McDonald ’s restaurant on the border between New Haven and East Haven .
Carrying signs and banners that said “ End Racial Profiling ” and “ Stop the Attacks , ” the group assembled to march .
Under close police escort , the crowd moved slowly down one lane of Main Street , chanting slogans in Spanish and English , like “ Racist Cops Have Got To Go ! ” ( Click the play arrow to watch scenes from the protest . )
“ That perception is exactly that , it ’s a perception , as opposed to a reality , ” Gallo said before the march .
“ The numbers do n’t indicate any over - arrest of any one group . ”
Saturday ’s protest march was the latest development in an ongoing controversy in which East Haven police stand accused of discrimination and harassment directed against Latinos .
East Haven Police Chief Len Gallo ( pictured ) , who personally escorted the protesters down East Haven ’s Main Street , denied allegations that his department is targeting Latinos for arrest and harassment .
East Haven Mayor April Capone
Almon made a similar denial in a press conference before the rally .
The argument allegedly started after Chelsea Fiorentino yelled an insult at Maldonado , who then crossed the street and confronted her .
East Haven police quickly separated the women , placed them under arrest , and kept the march moving .
The women were charged with breach of peace and assault ; Maldonado was also charged with interfering with an officer .
Two arrests were made following a brief fistfight between a female marcher , Jessica Maldonado of East Haven , and Chelsea Fiorentino , an 18 year - old New Haven woman who was standing with a counter protest made up of members of two white pride organizations .
Maldonado ’s father , Dimas Maldonado , said that his family has suffered from police harassment .
( Click on the play arrow to watch the fight and arrests . )
The protest was organized in response to allegations of ongoing race - based police harassment directed at Latinos in East Haven .
Recent allegations include reports that police in East Haven have begun calling federal immigration enforcement when arresting immigrant motorists .
The clash happened during an event organized Saturday by New Haven immigrant advocacy organization Unidad Latina En Acción .
More than 100 people marched through the streets of East Haven on Saturday , protesting alleged racial profiling on the part of East Haven police .
They met groups of counter - protesters along the way , including a visiting band of white supremacists .
Share this story
Posted by : New Haven Resident | August 16 , 2009 8:17 AM
This story made me incredibly sad and angry .
I 'll admit that immigration is a tricky issue ; I do n't think it 's terribly clear cut .
That said , I think what many Americans forget is that many of us are also the product of immigration .
Four of my great - grandparents immigrated from other countries .
One chose to assimilate to the point of never teaching his children his native language and becoming an American through and through , which I think is a tragedy .
I think people should remember and honor their cultural identity while also embracing that of their adopted country .
Two of my great - grandparents never learned English particularly well , which prevented them from being embraced by others from outside of their community , which is equally difficult .
Why do so many people choose to forget that they are also the product of immigration , of family members who struggled to find a better life for them in the U.S. ?
Many of the individuals who have immigrated to the U.S. in recent history are simply trying to do the same thing : Provide a better life for their families , free of oppression , poverty , and fear .
Sure , there are some immigrants who are not good people and are engaging in criminal behavior , but the same can be said for some dyed in the wool Americans .
Please stop the hatred and ignorance .
What are you teaching your children ????
As for some of the white supremacists pictured , if you are so proud of your cause , why do you choose to hide your faces like cowards ?
I think you fear differences and , thus , choose to hate them as opposed to trying to understand them .
Ignorance is easy , knowledge is power .
Posted by : tom | August 16 , 2009 8:22 AM
Fact , a police officer has the legal right to run any license plate he / she wants to .
We as American 's have no right to privacy with our license plate on the back / front of our vehicle's .
If the license plate is checked and comes back unreg , cancell reg .
do to no insurance , or misuse , the officers have the right to pull the vehicle over .
Now if more vehicle 's that are pulled over are Latino's , it is what it is .
If East Haven has a section in the town where more of this type of crime is happening , then they need to be in that area .
Take care of the small stuff , and your town wont have the big city problems .
Posted by : tom | August 16 , 2009 8:41 AM
Profiling :
We as people all profile .
We profile where we want to live , the car we buy , the people we hang out with , etc .
Criminals profile , who they will rape , rob , what drug to use , when to do this , how to do it , and where to do it .
The police are in the middle of this trying to keep victims away from criminals .
So , if you are here illegally , everything about you has to be illegal , no license , no reg .
no insurance .
The question is , Do you think a person who has no license , reg , insurance will stand by and wait for the police if involved in a motor vehicle accident .
If you say yes , please check your facts .
I think New Haven had 8000 evading responsilbilities out of 12000 accidents one year .
Posted by : lance | August 16 , 2009 10:11 AM meanwhile , back at the ranch .........
http://www.wtnh.com/dpp/news/news_wtnh_shooting_at_new_haven_strip_club
Posted by : RB | August 16 , 2009 10:44 AM
As a legal immigrant from the Caribbean I fear that the American supporters of illegal aliens do not think through the consequences and should know enough to not support illegal immigration .
Posted by : Jack | August 16 , 2009 1:23 PM
RB , their position is based on the lie that Immigrants and Illegal Aliens are not two completely different groups of people .
Really it 's not about Immigrants or Illegal Aliens at all .
It 's about Leftist Ideology .
They become so slavishly wedded to it , that they must become willfully ignorant in order to adhere to it .
They are no longer capable of intellectual honesty .
They also tend to base their opinions on their emotions , rather than on their intellect .
You and I , and all the rest of us must begin to organize .
Permanent Residents , Naturalized Citizens , and our friends and families .
We must demand that these people stop painting us with the Illegal Alien brush .
I bet we could put ten thousand people in front of NH City Hall in no time flat .
Posted by : TIM | August 16 , 2009 1:28 PM IT SAYS ON WIKI THAT LATINOS MAKE UP ONLY 6 % OF EAST HAVENS POPULATION ... IT'D BE VERY INTERESTING TO SEE WHAT PERCENT OF EAST HAVENS CRIME THEY COMMIT .
I WHOLEHEARTDY SUPPORT THE LEGAL IMMIGRANTS WHO ARE WORKING HARD TO SUPOORT THEMSELVES , THEIR FAMILES , AND THEIR FUTURES .
BUT AS FOR UNDOCUMENTED INDIVIDUALS IN THE COMMNITY , NOT SO MUCH ...
I DONT CARE HOW GOOD OF A PERSON YOU ARE .
IF YOUR LEGAL , YOUR LEGAL .
IF YOUR NOT , YOUR NOT .
ITS JUST THAT SIMPLE
Posted by : Amy of SCtIR | August 16 , 2009 2:59 PM
I am a member of SCTIR .
( Southern CT Citizens for Immigration reform . )
Our small group attended yesterdays rally " to Support the East Haven Police Dept , " against the ridiculous allegations of Racism against Hispanics in E. Haven .
MANY of the NUMEROUS CT Hispanic " Pride " Groups screamed " Racism ! " when they saw the E.
Haven Police " actually doing their jobs ...! "
The EH PD actually had the Nerve ' to arrest and even Deport some " Illegal " Aliens , ( i.e. lawbreakers ) recently !
This is nothing more than " Political Payback " ( punishment & a lying attempt to Shame ) E. Haven for NOT caving in to providing " AMNESTY " for Illegal Aliens , like they did in New Haven , thanks to the BREAKING of Federal Law by ... NH Mayor Destefano for tying the hands " their cops , " and preventing " them " from inquiring about the immigration status of anyone stopped or arrested .
The same old story ... When ANY emotional argument can not be fought & won on a legitimate basis of the facts and the " Rule of Law , " um ... you know , our Constitution !
The RACE BAITERS call foul play , they yell RACISM !
ABUSE of Power !
" We are not being arrested or deported for the ACTUAL CRIMES or Laws that we actually Broke , but because we are of the ?
fill in the blank , race .
...
So many good citizens failed to show up to " SUPPORT the RULE OF LAW , and fight FALSE Race Bating accusations for various reasons .
The majority of conservative working class people are simply afraid of " the Race Issue . "
THey would rather lie down our constitution , our laws our very way of life than BE UNCOMFORTABLE fighting for it !
Where were you when we needed you , you bystanders ?
Please do n't use the lame excuse that you saw or you " heard the rumor " that those scarry white pride people were there too !
OOh , my some one might think you were a part of them , that you were a WWII Skinhead full of rage against the race - dujour !
Give me a break !
AMNESTY is coming to your town .
They will be calling you a racist again , what will you say ?
Just give them the keys to your town , your home , everything .
Its better than STANDING UP FOR WHAT IS RIGHT , STANDING UP FOR YOUR COUNTRY , OR WHAT IS NOW LEFT OF IT I GUESS .
THANKS FOR NOTHING TO ALL THE TEA PARTY CONSERVATIVES WHO HAD MEETINGS TO GO TO .
WE FACED THE ANGRY MOB WHO OUTNUMBERED US 50 TO 1 ...
Posted by : JR | August 16 , 2009 3:18 PM
This is such a depressing article .
For one thing , it 's depressing that " Northeast White Pride " exists at all .
For another thing , it 's depressing that a march for civil rights and against harassment required major police protection ( which , judging from the scuffles the broke out even with the police protection , was probably justified ) .
Remember , as New Haven Resident put it above : we are all descended ( at least in part ) from immigrants .
If today 's immigrants seem " foreign " and " criminal " to you , just remember that that is how people saw your grandparents , great - grandparents , or whatever .
And no , their legal status did n't matter - like the Puerto Ricans in this article , if they looked or sounded different , they got harassed .
I 'm glad I live in New Haven instead of East Haven .
Our city is quite a bit more welcoming of new immigrants !
Posted by : Jack | August 16 , 2009 4:28 PM
I did not see any signs among the protesters that said " I want to be an American " .
I did see the flag of the U.S. Territory of Puerto Rico .
This confused me , seeing that they have not immigrated from anywhere , Illegally or otherwise .
A few handfuls of Whack - Job Illegal Alien supporters , Whack - Job White Power nuts , and a cat - fight between two High School girls .
All in all , a pretty lame affair .
Too bad it waisted the time of a dozen Police Officers .
I hope they send the bill for it to John D .
Posted by : amy | August 16 , 2009 4:42 PM
I must respectfully disagree with JR .
You bemoan and say " It 's depressing that groups like White Pride exist at all ... "
That just sounds so hypocritical of you !
It 's truly laughable !
But I guess that it is safe to assume that you are " Not depressed " that there are so many Outspoken , UNABASHEDLY RACIALLY PROUD of their ...
Hispanic , Black , GAY ... fill in the race / agenda ... " Pride Groups , " out there ...?
Come on !
So are Whites not allowed ( in your world ) to have & Show any RACIAL Pride huh ?
Are there any " OTHER GROUPS " you dont allow to speak or have RACIAL PRIDE ??
WHo are they ?
IM interested .
Wow ... you libs are so welcoming of all diverse viewpoints !
lol* LA RAZA - the RACE !
LA JUNTA , naacp , " Unidad Latina en Accion , " adl , jdl ... yatta , yatta ...
But this embarasses you huh ?
Such finger pointing & so " righteuos " of you ...
It 's so ironic that you Libs are always the " 1st ones to stand up " for the " rights of others ' to have Free Speech , " as long as it's " the speech that YOU agree with . "
I honestly do n't mean any disrespect to you either .
I may not understand & even be ignorant of what a " white pride " group advocates in all of " their tenets , " but it just seems ridiculous that you are so willing to call " the LEGAL Citizenry " " unwelcoming " and state that WE LEGAL Citizens who DARE STAND UP for the " RULE of Law , " the Consitution , the Legitimate Use of Authority by the E haven Pd for DARING to be so hateful by reesting and deporting these poor oppressed " criminals , " to use your words .
And Yes they ARE Criminals .
Did they come in through the window or through the front door ?
You really want me to roll over because you can try to scare me with your terrible " R " word ?
Its not going to fly any more .
The Race Card is soo tired and so boring .
We are on to you and your kind .
because we act like hatemongers ?
becse as you say , " Todays Immigrants , ( I will use the actual , non PC uncorrupted term , ILLEGAL ALIENS ) or that
Posted by : THREEFIFTHS | August 16 , 2009 5:46 PM
Hey lance
Where was the good police when this went on .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8VRaYkoRR0
Posted by : AndersonScooper | August 16 , 2009 7:53 PM
Where is our political leadership ?
All of them should be working to diffuse the passions surrounding these situations , and to bring people together , as human beings and neighbors .
Posted by : I Stay West of Bridge | August 16 , 2009 9:12 PM
With respect to John Lugo and Emma Jones and other organizers , this group was not ready for prime time , and that video is an embarrassment .
To Maldanado Senior , you must be so proud of little Jessica .
Given your family 's history and emotional pain , perhaps you should have kept a tighter reign or left some members home .
Also , forgive my wasp ignorance , but if you tell me you are Puerto Rican , I just might " assume " you are " Hispanic " .
...
To the young woman wearing the red star cap , I am surprised your intentional provocation of ' Staveners and their white supremacist ' Staven wannabees did not result in a rock to your face .
Joelle would n't say anything to you , but she can surely talk about picking your battles and not doing things that raise the neck hair of your target un-necessarily and detract from your message .
All in all , this disorganized mess served as a magnet for fanatics on both sides , and I do hope the planning session at NHPC considers more politically effective , not visually ineffective actions .
Personally , I ignore East Haven by spending neither time nor money there .
While a fellow Democrat , I find the Mayor to be a nut , and I cannot foresee positive change there in public opinion or police action .
Posted by : proudthroughandthrough | August 16 , 2009 9:31 PM
I do n't think any politician should succumb to the ideology that they need to support illegal immigration based on votes .
if you are here illegally you cannot vote !
DUH !!
the only Hispanic nationality that are allowed to vote are Puerto Ricans and research has proven that they show up to the polls in low numbers to make a difference .
And the only other time a foreign born Hispanic is allowed to vote is when they become Naturalized Citizens .
You can live all your life as a Permanent Resident in the USA , enjoy all the privileges of citizenship ( pay taxes , work legally , have access to social services ) but cannot vote at all ....
Posted by : lance | August 16 , 2009 10:35 PM three fifths , please explain the relevancy of your post to the topic .
thanks .
and for those of you comparing the italian immigrants who settled in east haven to today 's immigrants , the immigrants of yesteryear did n't get handouts , they did n't get a lower threshold for acceptance to college , or free tuition .
nor did they get jobs through minority quota systems .
they did n't get section 8 , welfare , medicaid , food stamps , free diapers from the government subsidized diaper bank .
they did n't get fuel oil assistance , nor were they afforded the luxury of having the ethnicity card in their back pocket if an employer wanted to terminate them for poor performance .
they did n't get their homes " weatherized " on the taxpayers dime , nor did they have the luxury of chriss dodd and barney frank strong arming banks to make risky loans to them .
the italian immigrants of yesteryear earned everything they got .
and quite frankly , i'm dissapointed that the descendants of every single one of them did n't show up to protect what their great grandfathers , grandfathers , and fathers worked so hard for .
entitlement programs will be the death of this community if changes are not made .
if you look around at all of the cities and states that are going under it is virtually all due to entitlement programs and the unchecked abuses of them .
and since the intent of obama and liberals is to increase , not decrease , the amount of freebies , the last thing east haven needs is an influx of 500 or a thousand immigrants well schooled by community organizers like barack obama to drain every dollar they can from these programs , to the detriment of the east haven taxpayer .
and this is n't even taking into account the criminal problem .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago_Luis_Polanco_Rodr%C3%ADguez new haven is happy to have illegals , east haven is not .
and it looks like ehpd will continue to be dilligent .
if the illegals try to break our doors down to gain entry into town , i am hopeful the town government and all its entities , along with the citizen our community , will resist .
I 'm not hating the illegal immigration player per se , but i'm definitely hating the game .
Posted by : Fonseca | August 17 , 2009 12:00 AM
It continues to amaze me the we expect to enjoy the so called benefits of globalized capitalism , yet folks get personally offended when human beings are forced to migrate in globalized patterns .
I watched a " White Pride " character wearing clothes probably made in Honduras waving a USA flag made in China .
Can he possibly blame a worker for following that pattern ?
We manipulate , exploit , and oppress people in " developing " countries and become angry when large populations of people migrate away from manipulation , exploitation , and oppression .
It has been said , " Do not trade humanity for patriotism . "
Venceremos !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Posted by : D.M.V | August 17 , 2009 12:31 AM
This truly is a sad situation .
What we have on one side was a really diverse group of people , black , white , arab , asian , latino , men , women , children , young and old , and of many different sexual orientations and other genders .
A real representation of the diversity of human beings .
A real representation human beings sharing a common cause and interest while all supporting and working ih eachother
On other side we have a bunch of white people , a bunch of white nationalist brats who are to afraid and heartless to share the world with everyone else in it .
I agree that , in this world , you should not be ashamed of who you are , but you should know you are not the only one in the world .
One of my friends said it best .
He said that in life there should basically only be one rule and that is to just be excellent to eachother .
Posted by : JR | August 17 , 2009 12:45 AM
Wow Amy , you 're really onto something .
" Northeast White Pride " is just like a black or Latino group or a " gay pride " group , except white .
I totally stand corrected !
I was so confused !
Here I was thinking that a group calling itself " Northeast White Pride " actually had a connection to the white nationalist movement and the neo -Nazi movement .
I wonder why I thought that ?
Maybe it was , oh , I do n't know , let 's see , the massive , instantly - recognizable Stormfront hate group logo on all the Northeast White Pride signs ( the white celtic cross on black with the words White Pride around the side ) which is usually used by white power skinheads ... or maybe it was the fact that Rob O'Donovan , who founded Northeast White Pride , has a long history in the white nationalist hate group world , with prior groups like White Revolution ... or maybe it was the fact that the people quoted in this article openly admit that they 're " white nationalists " that was the give - away .
Um ... how do you explain that one away ?
Not to dwell on the obvious , but there 's a pretty big difference between fighting to be allowed to be a part of society , and fighting to STOP other people from being part of society .
I know that 's a really tough distinction for some people to grasp .
But when a Puerto Rican family stands up for the right to live in East Haven without being harassed , and then some white nationalist group stands up for , in effect , the right to harass them until they leave town ( because they 're not white enough , even though they 're American citizens ) , the sides are n't exactly mirror images of each other .
It 's a message of love versus a message of hate , a message that we can all live together versus a message of racial conflict .
Amy , you should really be ashamed of yourself for trying to equate a White Pride hate group with groups that just want tolerance .
Either you know better , and are being deliberately obnoxious , or you really do n't know any better , in which case , that is truly a sad and disturbing commentary on the poor state of our educational system .
Yikes .
Posted by : nfjanette | August 17 , 2009 1:03 AM
The argument allegedly started after Chelsea Fiorentino yelled an insult at Maldonado , who then crossed the street and confronted her .
Confronted her with a step - in kick and a right cross to the head , as seen in the video .
After the protest had dissipated , business owner Wilfred Matute was in the back of My Country Store , wiping up a spill in one of his coolers .
Matute had watched as the march passed by , but he said that the he did not support the event .
It will only create more problems , he said .
One of the few rational views offered regarding this ill - advised protest that was certain to setup violent confrontations .
The simple facts remain : unlicensed , uninsured drivers operating unregistered vehicles pose an active threat to our communities , and many of those drivers are illegal immigrants .
Now , given the facts , how as a society will we address the problems caused by this group of people ?
I support the active efforts of law enforcement to keep these people off the street - but the scope of these problems extends far beyond East Haven .
Despite all of the flaws and compromises involved , only by crafting a legal path to citizenship , with both its rights and responsibilities , will there be a reasonable chance of affecting positive change for these problems on a national scale .
Posted by : bill | August 17 , 2009 8:28 AM JR and New Haven Resident are confused .
They are equating people who legally immigrated to the U.S. is not the same as people who came here illegally .
Look up anything about Ellis Island and you will see that immigrants were checked against lists to make sure undesirables were not entering , they were given health exams and IQ exams .
At least 5 % were sent back and not allowed to enter .
That is how legal immigration works .
Stop the left wing propaganda trying to tie legal immigrants with illegals .
Posted by : MORRIS COVE MOM | August 17 , 2009 8:30 AM
I 'm confused by everything that happened at the march , and by all of the posts above .
Surely there must be a better way than an ill - organized march ?
Are there town meetings open to the public in East Haven ?
Do immigration supporters attend those , or are they too afraid ?
While I understand that native - born Americans and naturalized American immigrants are frustrated with illegals avoiding taxes , fluency , etc. , I do not understand the depth of their anger .
As a native - born American of a South American immigrant , I have always applauded my mother 's hard work to be fluent immediately upon entering the U.S. , and her long road to citizenship .
She always had a green card , an above - the - board job , and has paid taxed from day one .
Seeing that we have a massive tax evasion problem here in Connecticut , and not enough space in local schools for all area children , I would push for immigration laws that cover these areas , out of concern for community and general public welfare , not intolerance and hate .
I may look 100 % white , but soy una ecua .
Posted by : robn | August 17 , 2009 8:56 AM " ... the United States was " founded and created by Europeans for Europeans , not for third world people to come here . "
Robert O'Donovan , a member of Northeast White Pride Hmmm ?
Third world hispanics ?
Is n't Spain part of Europe ?
I 'm confused .
Posted by : Donna | August 17 , 2009 9:24 AM
I lived in East Haven for a long time .
We always had a bad rap for being racist .
My daughter dated a black man .
We had bricks thrown at our house broken windows .
The police never were racist .
Why do people pick on East Haven .
If you got to know alot of East Haven people you would n't call us or our police department racist .
Posted by : Aggravated | August 17 , 2009 9:54 AM
JR - You speak of tolerance .... ?
Where is YOUR tolerance for OUR views .
White people that do NOT want to mix with other races are a problem for you ?
We want to live amongst our own ... and yet you have an issue with that .
Why ?
It 's not like the record number of ILLEGALS are coming here to absorb OUR cultures , respect our country , and make it a nicer place .
Hell , most do not even have enough respect to learn the damn language .
Yet , we are wrong in your eyes for wanting our own land .
Meanwhile it's ok to keep allowing millions of ILLEGALS to stay here ...
MS - 13 is growing in numbers daily .
How dare
White people have a safe homeland .
ILLEGALS ... are breaking the law .
You seem to have an issue with anyone who does not regurgitate the party line .
I seriously hope that all the upstanding White citizens will see the BS in this ... we are standing up for YOUR rights .
...
Whites will not just lay down and take this force fed garbage any longer .
We are waking up from our media induced slumber .
Posted by : THREEFIFTHS | August 17 , 2009 10:25 AM
Hey Lance
If you would look at the you tube it show relevancy .
I see you like to point the finger
at one group when it comes to the drug trade .
Lance if you was a police officer as you say , Than
you should know that everyone of all races are in the Illegal drug trade .
In fact check this out .
http://radioislam.org/crime/drugs/mexicomobsters.htm
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/russian-mafia-marches-on-paradise-1357502.html
Hey lance we can not forget good old american Citizen Oliver North .
http://www.drugwar.com/castillonorth.shtm
Posted by : lance | August 17 , 2009 10:26 AM it 's troubling that the independent edited out part of the fight video ... you know , that part where the Unidad Latina En Accion marcher vehemently struggled with the cops trying to arrest her , and the black dude trying to prevent the cops from getting to her .
or maybe the camera battery just died at that point and kicked back on when that part was over , who knows .
as far as the white nationalism thing , i do n't agree with it at all .
but it 's funny how it was okay for obama to go to a black nationalist church for twenty years , and be so enthralled by it's racist anti-white leader jeremiah wright that he was driven to write a book and entitle it after one of jeremiah wright 's sermons .
also , it should be noted that obama 's charitable giving was nil until he was preparing for a white house run , at which point he gave 25,000 to jeremiah wright 's anti-white church .
here is the original text of the tenets of obama 's church prior to it being cleansed off the trinity church website in preparation for obama 's run : " Trinity United Church of Christ adopted the Black Value System written by the Manford Byrd Recognition Committee chaired by Vallmer Jordan in 1981 .
We believe in the following 12 precepts and covenantal statements .
These Black Ethics must be taught and exemplified in homes , churches , nurseries and schools , wherever Blacks are gathered .
They must reflect on the following concepts : 1 . Commitment to God 2 . Commitment to the Black Community 3 . Commitment to the Black Family 4 . Dedication to the Pursuit of Education 5 . Dedication to the Pursuit of Excellence 6 . Adherence to the Black Work Ethic 7 . Commitment to Self - Discipline and Self - Respect 8 .
Disavowal of the Pursuit of " Middleclassness " 9 .
Pledge to make the fruits of all developing and acquired skills available to the Black Community 10 .
Pledge to Allocate Regularly , a Portion of Personal Resources for Strengthening and Supporting Black Institutions 11 .
Pledge allegiance to all Black leadership who espouse and embrace the Black Value System 12 .
Personal commitment to embracement of the Black Value System . "
CRAZY , HUH ?
Posted by : streever | August 17 , 2009 10:34 AM
I Stay West of Bridge :
I agree with your opinion on the Mayor of East Haven .
She ran promising to get rid of Gallo , and realizing that she lacked the ability to do so , has switched to supporting him no matter what .
However , I think you misunderstand the comment by the American citizen born in Puerto Rico -- as an american born citizen , he is upset that he 's stopped by town ( municipal ) police and harassed for an alien card .
He is being put in a position which the EHPD do not have a right to put him in -- As Chief Gallo points out , FEDERAL immigration laws exist , not municipal , and NO citizen is required to carry proof of being a natural citizen by birth , as the man in this story is .
If East Haven cops started stopping me on the street & demanding my " alien card " I would be out of luck -- I do not carry my birth certificate , nor do I have an alien card , being an american born natural citizen of european descent .
Imagine if you were stopped by police in the streets & required to demonstrate an alien card .
Police have no right to do this by law , & the accused have no recourse if they are american born citizens who would not have an " alien card " .
If this is the type of uninformed & illegal stop procedure used by EHPD , I fully understand the need to protest & address this .
Police can not stop you because you look foreign , just as they can not stop you because you are young , or old , or male or female .
Posted by : JMS | August 17 , 2009 10:47 AM D.M.V... " One of my friends said it best .
He said that in life there should basically only be one rule and that is to just be excellent to each other . "
Period ... end of story ... it 's that simple .
Every other rule , law , edict or commandment is just the fine print .
JMS
Posted by : THREEFIFTHS | August 17 , 2009 11:36 AM
Hey Lance , How about John Mccain and Good old Pastor Hagee .
http://crooksandliars.com/2008/03/21/john-mccain-sought-pastor-hagees-endorsement#comment-489123
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hagee
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/02/29/john-hagees-mccain-endors_n_89189.html
And we can't forget good old Sarah Palin and Husband and the good old Alaska Independence Party .
http://andrewsullivan.theatlantic.com/the_daily_dish/2009/07/the-odd-lies-of-sarah-palin-xxxi-todd-and-the-aip.html
Posted by : The Count | August 17 , 2009 11:44 AM Hmmm .... Immigrants , Malik Jones , the NAACP , Tweed - New Haven Airport .
And then East Haveners shrug off their " image " problem like it 's EVERYONE ELSE'S fault ?
Posted by : Bobby S. | August 17 , 2009 12:07 PM D.M.V... " One of my friends said it best .
He said that in life there should basically only be one rule and that is to just be excellent to each other . "
-----
I completely agree , sounds like a good idea . a )
I pay my taxes as do most of the LEGAL citizens of the United States .
These taxes are used for benefits such as roads , libraries , social services and infrastructure within the US .
If you are ILLEGAL , you are using these services for free while others foot the bill .
Welfare for U.S. citizens is necessary , but my tax dollars should not subsidize Mexico 's economic problems .
It is not very " excellent " to make the hardworking , taxpaying citizens of the United States pay for services enjoyed and ruined by noncontributing Illegals .
b)
If you are an ILLEGAL immigrant , you are not allowed to have a US Driver 's license and not obligated to carry accident insurance .
When illegals hit pedestrians and other cars , they are not held responsible because they are off the grid .
If a member of your family was hit by an illegal who then crawled back into his hidey - hole leaving you to pay for their health care , you might feel differently .
Life comes with responsibilities , face up to them .
If you can't or wo n't buy insurance for collisions , do n't drive !
If you think this is a non-issue , go here :
http://imagegallery.webspawner.com/listGallery.asp
c ) Hospitals and Health Care Services can not operate on no money .
Doctors , Nurses and staff have to be paid for their time and knowledge .
Every time an Illegal shows up at the Emergency Clinic , the paid Insurance for American citizens goes up .
At some point , the taxpayers will be overburdened beyond their means and economic collapse will occur .
Fact : Illegals do not contribute to this system , but yet they expect free health care .
d)
Follow the laws that exist .
These laws were put in place to make life safe and fair to all .
Only criminals and those taking unfair advantage need fear the police .
This is the United States , not a free - for - all .
If you do n't want to follow the law , you may as well live in chaos .
e)
There are laws already to allow LEGAL immigration .
These are in place to assure that a country has sufficient resources and sustenance for the existing population .
If you ignore this , deficit spending and ECONOMIC FAILURE " might " result .
If you do n't want to do it legally , do n't be offended if a police officer arrests you for BREAKING THE LAW .
Everyone should follow the law and take responsibility for their actions .
That , I think , would be an " excellent " way to live .
Posted by : Sarah | August 17 , 2009 12:08 PM
Love the Communist hats on the marchers .
That just about shows where they are coming from .
Posted by : zzz05 | August 17 , 2009 12:37 PM
Looking at those " white pride " folks makes me embarassed to be white .
Posted by : Drew | August 17 , 2009 12:55 PM
Posted by : lance | August 16 , 2009 10:11 AM meanwhile , back at the ranch .........
http://www.wtnh.com/dpp/news/news_wtnh_shooting_at_new_haven_strip_club
Not sure where you 're coming from on this one ... are you implying that Latinos are the ones responsible for this crime ?
Funny , I do n't see any mention of names or descriptions of the victims / perpetrators that would even remotely imply that anyone involved is Latino .
Back to the issue of the protest and counter protest ...
I think one of the most disturbing things about the whole situation ( and something that a lot of people are overlooking ) is that the march was not about immigration , it was about the way a large group of people feels they 're being treated by the police .
While I do n't agree with the point of view of the White Pride ( or whatever they 're calling themselves ) groups that were there , they do have the right to free speech .
However , the ridiculous thing is that they were there counter - protesting a protest that was n't even happening .
They were n't there to show their support for the police , they were there to provoke the situation that luckily only occurred on a minor scale between the two women .
Watching the last minute of the video with the elderly couple shouting " Go Home " to all the marchers ( and I doubt by " home " they meant their houses ) made me feel sick .
This was n't a group of illegal immigrants protesting for free handouts , tax evasion , or whatever else the anti-immigration groups are so afraid of ... it was a group of people , most likely consisting of legal immigrants , illegal immigrants , and natural born citizens alike , who were voicing their concern about their treatment by those who uphold the law .
Posted by : D.M.V | August 17 , 2009 12:59 PM
JMS its at least a start , a foundation to what human interaction and culture should revolve around .
Sadly it is n't .
If there is a group that is propping itself up above other groups of people and claiming political and social power over others that propping in itself should be an enemy of all people .
No matter what that group claims to power are that should not be allowed .
The world is made up of different people and it should work for all of them not just some with wacky claims of benevolence or whatever .
I think this is the root problem in society and culture at large and why I think the basic foundations need to change .
There is no better foundation to build upon then being excellent to each other .
I do n't think we have any other options if we ever want to live in a sane world .
Posted by : Been Called Worse | August 17 , 2009 1:13 PM
Amy of SCtIR - Whatever " point " you are trying to " make " gets lost in use of all the " supposed " " quotes " for your " rebutal " .
Posted by : georgedaddio | August 17 , 2009 1:52 PM
If you want to live in the U.S. you must learn to speak english .
If you do n't want to LEAVE .
We welcome anyone who Obeys our laws .
Posted by : Kim Hynes | August 17 , 2009 3:24 PM
Strangely enough , I have searched and searched for a law that makes it illegal not to learn to speak English in the United States , but have failed to find it .
GeorgeDaddio , if you have a link to the law - please provide it .
It will come as a shock to the more than 500,000 deaf people in the U.S. who use American Sign Langugage as their primary language , that they have been doing something illegal !
Posted by : Born in New Haven | August 17 , 2009 4:16 PM
I want to thank " Amy of SCTIR " / " Amy " for really clarifying something .
Anti-immigration groups sometimes try to say they have NOTHING to do with white nationalism / " White Pride " groups at all .
But then every so often the mask comes off .
Amy , your defense of white nationalist hate groups really tells me all I need to know about so - called " Southern Connecticut Citizens for Immigration Reform . "
( More like Southern Connecticut White Nationalists , apparently . )
By the way , I 'm all for immigration reform - we clearly have a broken system right now - but whatever " reform " you 're for , I 'll be sure to be against .
And in the meantime , can we all agree that it 's bad for cops to harass Hispanic folks just because they suspect some of them might be illegal immigrants ?
Posted by : George White | August 17 , 2009 5:09 PM
White nationalists hide their faces for several reasons .
One being that when self - described ' anti- fascists ' show up , they take pictures of the peoples faces and pass them around the internet .
Many Nationalists have been attacked by ' anti- fascists ' while they walk the streets on a normal day , sometimes while the individuals family is present .
Another reason is fear of governmental reprisal .
Yes , we have the right to ' free speech ' , however , when the government takes a record of what you say and creates a data base , you are somewhat blacklisted and they harass you .
Of course , these are not things that are reported in the mainstream media .
I wonder why that is ...
Posted by : Drew | August 17 , 2009 6:16 PM
George :
Those are interesting stories you have .
Since " the mainstream media " is not reporting these as you say , do you mind providing links to your non-mainstream sources that document all of these supposed assaults on innocent White Nationalists ?
I 'm sorry , but I have a feeling that every media outlet would LOVE to report the hell out of any story that involves violence and race ... no matter who is the victim and perpetrator .
Posted by : Russ | August 17 , 2009 9:23 PM
It 's unfortunate that " journalists " like Ms. O'Leary are incapable of reporting the truth .
It 's hard to determine why they always mis-report these events .
Is it the profit motive , incompetence , or something more sinister ?
I do n't know , but for anyone who wants a more accurate depiction of Saturday 's rally and counter - protest from someone who was , not only there , but involved in the planning of the of the counter - protest by the White rights advocacy group , North East White Pride , you can visit my blog at : http://friendsofwhitecultureandheritage.blogspot.com/2009/08/anti-american-rally-in-east-haven-ct.html
Posted by : Russ | August 17 , 2009 9:24 PM
It 's unfortunate that " journalists " like Mr. MacMillan are incapable of reporting the truth .
It 's hard to determine why they always mis-report these events .
Is it the profit motive , incompetence , or something more sinister ?
I do n't know , but for anyone who wants a more accurate depiction of Saturday 's rally and counter - protest from someone who was , not only there , but involved in the planning of the of the counter - protest by the White rights advocacy group , North East White Pride , you can visit my blog at : http://friendsofwhitecultureandheritage.blogspot.com/2009/08/anti-american-rally-in-east-haven-ct.html
Posted by : Kimber J. | August 17 , 2009 9:26 PM
If you think there is not a double standard on what the media reports ( black killing white vs. white killing black ) , you are sorely misinformed .
www.colorofcrime.com will show you that whites are most often the victims even when you take the relative percentage of US citizens by racial groups into account .
But this is accepted because it is not " racist " to attack a white .
Take a look at the viciousness and animal brutality trial going on right now in Tennessee .
http://www.knoxnews.com/news/2009/aug/17/
guilty -carjackslayings-suspect-lawyer-admits-he-fa/
( sorry for the wrap - around )
Compare that to the media feeding frenzy that occurred during the Don Imus " Nappy head " or Duke Lacrosse rape accusations and the bias becomes immediately obvious .
Now I am not a racist or a " white nationalist " , but I can not ignore the truth when it is right in front of my face .
Do I wish we could live in harmony ?
Yes , but I do n't see it happening anytime soon .
In a free country , every citizen 's opinion is valid , not just yours .
Posted by : Alex | August 17 , 2009 11:08 PM
Lance you need to take a good look at your self and values , they are really warped .
Really disgusting distortions .
Posted by : Slightly Troubled | August 17 , 2009 11:17 PM
Fonseca is probably one of the only ones who blogged that actually looked at the economic factors that have caused this situation .
As a naturalized citizen , who had a long road to citizenship I can honestly say that most people that I personally know immigrated because they felt they had no other choice .
Over the years I have supported many pro-immigrant marches , and civil rights marches at great risk to myself ... yet I did not participate in this one .
It is very telling that the owner of the store who was at the very center of this issue being brought to light did not participate , nor did Father Manship , who is an ardent supporter of immigrant rights .
I hope that both sides will find some commom interests or concerns and work towards improvement in a society we share .
Better schools for our kids , good roads , health care ... the important issues .
Posted by : kamb | August 17 , 2009 11:26 PM
The E.H.P.D. did nothing wrong .
What is happening to our society when people who BREAK THE LAW protest our officers who uphold our laws ?!
America is going to hell in a hand - basket , right before our very eyes .
Posted by : kamb | August 17 , 2009 11:34 PM
WOW .
Just watched the video .
I think the White Power People are just as must a pain in the A@# as the Illegal Immigrants .
BOTH have no positive purpose in our society .
BUT BUT BUT , why did the white power lady get arrested after she was attacked by the ( looks like ) pro-illegal immigrant lady ?
The THE TOP OIT OFF the illegal immigrant coalition is vhanting ' let het go " ?!?!?!
This is an obvious bush - league protest .
BOTH white supremicists and Illegals should be deported !!!
Posted by : Mr. Ben | August 18 , 2009 12:11 AM
Sad story .
The comments are even more disheartening .
You remember the Sherlock Holmes story about the dog that did n't bark ?
Funny how none of these proud white folks ( whoops , Proud White People ) supporting East Haven seem to mind out of state Nazi dirtbags finding a nest to roost in .
" Wallingford " .
You might look it up .
Even Wallyworld figured out that the " White Pride " tourism just is n't worth the baggage .
And even
Ann could probably figure out that Wallingford has n't exactly been overrun by illegals , etc. i am tempted to imitate the semi-literate CAPITALIZE " EVERYTHING " put random words in quotes ... but I seem to have more respect for the English language than a lot of white nationalists , who do n't even deserve proper noun status .
@JR : Nicely put .
@ Lance :
Do you even LIVE in this 3rd world cesspool , that is my beloved hometown ?
And manage to live in , without all this OMIGOD IM WHITE I'M SCARED !!!!
nonsense ?
And if you do ...
WHY ?
It sounds like you'd be much happier in parts of Idaho .
Posted by : LastStraw | August 18 , 2009 12:44 AM
Per the norm , nearly every post in defense of the EHPD or racism or white nationalism is rife with poor grammar and spelling issues .
I am always amused by this .
Where are the SHARPs when we need them ?
Posted by : Kandee Mccormack | August 18 , 2009 8:43 AM
I was one of the so called " White Supremacists " at that counter protest .
I would like to set the record straight .
This post is directed at KAMB
We were there to protest the illegal flood of immigrants that are slowly turning this once great country into a third world cesspool .
Have you EVER looked at the FBI 's crime statistics ?
I encourage you to do this .
I am not going anywhere !
My family has been in this country for over 250 years , they pioneered the state of CA , yes they arrived in wagon trains .
This is my county , as of right now we have free speech , and those of you who would like to stifle that should " look before they leap " .
Posted by : streever | August 18 , 2009 8:51 AM
Laststraw :
their inability to accept people of other cultures and color shows their lack of education -- and their inability to spell / use proper english grammar proves it .
I find it even more interesting that in they abuse english in the same paragraphs in which they rail against immigrants for " not knowing english " .
Perhaps it takes one to know one .
I 'd rather communicate with someone who was trying to write proper english then a lazy racist who is n't even able to properly spell or write in their own native language .
Posted by : Bill Heinrichs | August 18 , 2009 9:20 AM
The impasse among the differing views on illegal immmigration will remain in the stalled position of the sides talking past each other so long as the federal government fails to address this complex set of problems .
Those who are in the United States illegally will continue to find support and advocates who will take up their cause .
The hate groups will step in wherever there is a vacuum they can fill .
The police will do what they are supposed to do , which is to enforce the laws , including motor vehicle laws .
The problem in East Haven is merely one iteration of a national struggle which will continue unabated until Congress revisits our immigation laws .
Posted by : Drew | August 18 , 2009 10:12 AM
Hah , I love that people are still talking about this as if it was a pro-immigration march rather than a statement of how Latinos , both citizens and illegal alike , feel they 're being treated by the police .
Posted by : mike45 | August 18 , 2009 12:55 PM
Reply to streever : English ?
As in he put english on the cue ball ?
Posted by : lance | August 18 , 2009 1:32 PM three fifths , you posted a youtube video about some cops in the 1930's .
channeling positive k , my response is I 'm not tryin ' to hear that g , what 's that got to do wit me ?
and do n't even try to compare the close relationship between jeremiah wright and obama to hagee and mccain .
also , in regard to the link i posted about the violence in new haven , i'm well aware that the participants in the shootings were not hispanic .
the reason i posted it is because you liberals are arguing that east haven should be more like new haven in terms of law enforcement , and my counter argument is that if the east haven police department is so inferior in it 's policies and enforcement then why is it that EH is a much safer city than NH ?
and alex , thanks for that enlightening statement with nothing to back it up .
and yes ben , i live in EH .
i'd hardly call it a 3rd world cesspool .
there is a lot of white trash though .
Posted by : The Count | August 18 , 2009 2:28 PM
Everybody supports the cops until it 's THEIR kid that gets picked up by the law .
Posted by : Jack | August 18 , 2009 2:46 PM
Mr. Streever , I find it very interesting that a person that cannot distinguish the difference between an Immigrant and an Illegal Alien , would accuse someone else of ignorance .
Please excuse my spelling and grammatical mistakes
Posted by : Mr. Ben | August 18 , 2009 10:38 PM
" Beloved hometown " is New Haven , which you routinely refer to in your inflammatory invective .
Somehow , not surprised by your residence , which has earned a certain reputation .
I 'm sure that 's all an invention of the Liberal Media .
Nice hospitals and universities you have in East Haven .
Sorry about the massive chunks of tax exempt real estate , and the consequently high mil rate .
Tell you what : next time I need hardware , I 'll go somewhere else than ' Staven .
And if , god forbid , you ever need serious medical care , you 'll go to Greenwich Hospital .
( White folks there , its safe --- though they might find you a little low - class and embarrassing . )
Its pretty clear that you find New Haven useless ; what on Earth makes you think New Haven needs or even wants you around ?
Stay in your Clean White Homeland ... though I suspect it will attract more and more people whose " white nationalism " might be offensive even to you .
Racist , much ?
Pretty clear you do n't like black and brown folks , to put it mildly --- which is frankly more pathetic than offensive , but your problem , not mine .
Good luck with that .
And good luck with your new buddies : maybe you can toast a marshmallow or two on the cross .
Posted by : Rob | August 18 , 2009 10:42 PM
What folks fail to realize is that when our American forefathers emigrated to this country it was virtually wide open , with thousands of jobs waiting eagerly to be filled by even unskilled laborers from anywhere they could be found .
The industrial revolution needed warm bodies for fuel , and those bodies became the backbone of American culture .
The current economic crisis is just one example of why we no longer need MILLIONS of immigrants coming to this nation .
We simply do n't have the space for them , and certainly do n't have the employment for them .
They are not needed , as our grandfathers and great - grandfathers were .
We are currently experiencing the complete opposite of the industrial revolution as jobs are LEAVING this country at the same time millions of unskilled workers are moving in .
To equate the invasion of this country by illegal aliens with the LEGAL immigration of the last century is disingenuous .
The two are polar opposites .
One wave of immigration was necessary and helped to BUILD this great nation , while the current invasion by illegals and unskilled and uneducated laborers is a detriment and helping to DESTROY our nation .
WAKE UP AMERICA BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE !
People like the North East White Pride , SCTiR and others who are angry over seeing their communities ruined have a reason to be angry .
They are not simply " rednecks " who blindly hate people without reason .
They realize that their children are at risk because of this immigration crisis and their children are the ones who will be paying for it their entire lives .
For the sake of this nation we must stop the importation of unskilled labor from nations which do not share our culture , and refuse to adapt to our way of life .
We must especially be vigilant against those who would enter our nation illegally , the very act of which is a violation of the law and order for which we stand !
Posted by : Mr. Ben | August 18 , 2009 11:57 PM
Born In New Haven : Exactly .
You seem sharp enough that I doubt that you are Shocked ( SHOCKED ! ) that there is gambling going on ...
It does n't take a lot of dialogue for the masks to come off , so to speak .
Very , very ugly stuff , and I am appalled that it has become normalized .
I love my country , warts and all , and I strongly think this racist ooze coming out of the woodwork in the age of his O - Ness revolting , un-American , and unacceptable .
We are all in the same damn boat , and its high time that we finally figure that out .
Some of you , apparently , are pleased because the police can still in a lot of places do rotten , unfair mean spirited things to the " Other " .
And content with just about anything , as long as you are made to feel special and privileged .
What has that done , to make your lives better ?
Does it raise your self esteem , that there 's someone lower than you to dump on ?
You are like Cockney laborers in the 1890s , worked to death for starvation wages but still happy that you 're " better " than Indian Princes with millions of pounds sterling .
Because you 're WHITE !
At least you have that .
Bully for you !
I 'd write it off as pathetic pathology , but as it happens , these cretinous ideas do me and my country harm .
I have no illusions that I will change a single mind here , but still feel that I should call this garbage out when I see it , as tiresome as that gets .
Posted by : Tim | August 19 , 2009 4:33 PM
The woman with the Puerto Rican flag suddenly attacked the other woman !
Posted by : nfjanette | August 19 , 2009 5:52 PM
I have no illusions that I will change a single mind here , but still feel that I should call this garbage out when I see it , as tiresome as that gets .
Garbage ?
As in the straw men and red herrings you just wrote in that manifesto ?
Is it beyond your belief and comprehension that someone could have a rational , well - reasoned centrist view on this issues rather than one polarized to either extreme ?
Believing that the current state of illegal immigration poses numerous threats to the the health , welfare , and safety of both the immigrants and citizens is not an inherently racist statement .
Among other things , it is exactly because I do care about the lives of other people that I fight against illegal immigration ; dieing of dehydration in the dessert while trying to sneak into this country to act as near - slave labor without many legal protections is not a fate anyone should support .
I want a secure border to stop both these potential victims as well as other highly undesirable people ( e.g. drug trafficking , terrorists , etc. ) from entering this country I also want a rational path to immigration for the millions of existing illegal immigrants that will both penalize them ( i.e. monetary fines ) and not penalize people who have been waiting far too long to legally immigrate .
We need to take this debate to the national level and come up with new programs and rules for permanent and temporary ( i.e. " seasonal workers " ) immigrants that will more realistically address the current state of affairs .
Posted by : Ramon F Herrera | August 19 , 2009 8:14 PM
There are more than 900 hate groups that have been identified and tracked in the USA .
- About 10 or so are composed by blacks
- A few are composed by Mormons
- One is made of Latinos ( Aztlanistas in California )
- The rest are white supremacists , KKK , etc .
The hate groups led by white people outnumber the hate group ( singular ) led by Hispanics by about 1000 to 1 ratio .
http://www.nclr.org/
Posted by : Dana | August 19 , 2009 8:39 PM
To Ben :
To quote you : " You are like Cockney laborers in the 1890s , worked to death for starvation wages but still happy that you 're " better " than Indian Princes with millions of pounds sterling .
Because you 're WHITE !
At least you have that .
Bully for you ! "
" Stay in your Clean White Homeland ... though I suspect it will attract more and more people whose " white nationalism " might be offensive even to you .
Racist , much ?
Pretty clear you do n't like black and brown folks , to put it mildly --- which is frankly more pathetic than offensive , but your problem , not mine .
Good luck with that . "
" I love my country , warts and all , and I strongly think this racist ooze coming out of the woodwork in the age of his O - Ness revolting , un - American , and unacceptable . "
" I have no illusions that I will change a single mind here , but still feel that I should call this garbage out when I see it , as tiresome as that gets .
Me : " Racist , much ?
Pretty clear YOU do n't like WHITE FOLKS , to put it mildly - "
Funny , all this coming from the same guy ... are you sure you really know what racism is all about , Ben ?
Racism is not the one way street some folk seem to think it is .
Think about it .
Posted by : kamb | August 20 , 2009 7:52 AM
Only in America can people complain about the cops when they do their job .
The EHPD is being accused of getting unregistered , uninsured , and unlicensed drivers off the road AND PEOPLE COMPLAIN !?!?!
Whats wrong with you people ?
Support your officers when they do their job !
Then you wonder how cops get cynical and sit around and turn the other cheek .
Posted by : WhatSup | August 20 , 2009 12:57 PM
FACT CHECK Kandee Mccormack , sorry to stop you in mid brag , but your people were not the first to pioneer CA .
I can understand people 's ignorance of history , but the fact is that CA was pioneer by a Spanish Franciscan fiar , Junipero Sierra , who established a chain of missions in what is now CA .
This chain of missions went northly , established not more than one day 's ride between them , and openned up the area that is today known as CA .
Lance , what was the real reason you left the employ of the PD ?
Do tell .
Posted by : Reina | August 26 , 2009 10:29 PM hispanos unidos jamas seran vencidos !!!!
What kind of wedding would two self - proclaimed geeks who met while working at a KB Toys store have ?
If Ian and Maureen 's comics - tastic wedding invitation is any indication , most likely an awesome one .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/11/30/comics-wedding-invitation/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
Neatorama 's post alerted me to the existence of this almost fatally cute and ingenious invite .
Here 's what the happy couple had to say about the viral phenomenon ( that we are currently participating in ) on their official wedding blog :
" And special thanks to Mr. Andy Bong who is the only person we know who can take the vague request ' Can you make us a comic with Kanye West , Star Wars and maybe some laser blasting ... oh and its a wedding invite so can it be adorable and sweet too ? ' and turn it into something that has been blogged ( offbeatbride.com rocks ! ) ,
Tweeted about , and is currently alleged to be circulating in a chain email ( Really ?
Someone send it to us ! ) .
We wanted it to be funny and show how much in love we are ( and what dorks we are too , oops ! )
Well done , sir ! "
Read it close up here , or after the jump .
Now that 's how it 's done !
Did your wedding use comics ?
Do you have pics ?
Hit us up .
A small program utilizing the ctypes and turtle modules .
You can drive the little turtle by turning your Thinkpad ( which must have APS ) .
Requirements :
You need a newer Thinkpad ( T41 , T42 , T43 , T6x , R5x , R6 x or any newer ) and need to have the Active Protection System drivers ( now called Lenovo Airbag Protection ) installed .
Left vs. Right is Obsolete ?
What Greenwald is responding to , here , is Ed Kilgore 's argument that the right 's long - standing opposition to " corporatism " ( extending all the way back to The New Deal ) and the left 's relatively new opposition to " corporatism " ( extending mostly back to Clintonism ) are irreconcilable positions joined by a common term :
To put it more bluntly , on a widening range of issues , Obama 's critics to the right say he 's engineering a government takeover of the private sector , while his critics to the left accuse him of promoting a corporate takeover of the public sector .
They can't both be right , of course , and these critics would take the country in completely different directions if given a chance .
But the tactical convergence is there if they choose to pursue it .
In other words , Kilgore is saying that the left and the right have joined forces because of a common term ( " corporatism " ) , but are in fact not joined in their ideology or their goals because they hold two opposite definitions of that term .
Greenwald then responds as follows :
This supposedly irreconcilable difference Kilgore identifies is more semantics than substance .
It 's certainly true that health care opponents on the left want more a expansive plan while opponents on the right want the opposite .
But the objections over the mandate are largely identical -- it's a coerced gift to the private health insurance industry that underwrites the Democratic Party .
The same was true over opposition to the bailout , objections to lobbying influence over Washington , and most of all , the growing anger that Washington serves the interests of financial elites at the expense of the working class .
Note the claim at the heart of Greenwald 's argument : " ... the objections over the mandate are largely identical - - it 's a coerced gift to the private health insurance industry that underwrites the Democratic Party . "
From this we begin to see Greenwald pushing to a new definition of the political landscape .
Greenwald is making a " lift - the - veil - before - your - eyes " kind of argument , here , in which he makes the case that the political landscape we think we see before us is just an illusion - - a production , as it were , put in place by the two forces that benefit from this image of political reality , at the expense of those who do not benefit from it ( coroporations / ruling party vs. the people ) .
There is no left vs. right .
There is only inside vs. outside .
Alliance Based on a Moment of Consciousness
Now , buried within Greenwald 's argument are a series of other claims that are difficult to present for the simple reason that they offer judgment about key aspects of the Democratic Party , including the netroots .
So before I present them , I just want to make clear that unless these claims are understood and evaluated , it is impossible to avoid the total collapse of the Democratic Party -- that may seem dramatic , but I believe it 's true .
Therefore :
Try not to feel judged by these claims -- instead focus on evaluating whether they are true or false .
Implicit Claim 1 : Most Supporters of the Democratic Party are living in a state of false consciousness
Because most supporters of the Democratic Party see the political landscape in terms of left vs. right , which is the model produced by and for the benefit of corporations and the ruling party , ergo , most supporters ofthe Democratic Party are currently living in a state of false consciousness .
This means that most supporters are arguing , campaigning , donating , and otherwise working for a party that directly runs counter to their personal and collective interests .
Implicit Claim 2 : The Only People With Consciousness are those who See the Battle Against " Corporatism " as the True Political Landscape
According to Greenwald 's logic , those who no longer see the political landscape in terms of left vs. right , but not see it in terms of insider vs. outsider -- they are the only people who are truly awake or conscious , meaning : they see reality for what it is , not for what the corporations and the ruling party want them to see .
Right now , these people include so - called " right - wing " ( obsolete term ) Tea Bag Party adherents who fought against the bailouts and are now fighting against the current health care bill , and so - called " left - wing " ( obsolete term ) bloggers and activists who fought against the bailouts and lobbyists and are now fighting against the Senate health care bill .
These groups are conscious , whereas other groups are not , because they reject the left vs. right political fighting as a distraction , and focus instead on the inside vs. outside fight .
Implicit Claim 3 : Those Fighting Against " Corporatists " are Fighting against Fundamental Negative Change , Those Fighting To Uphold the Parties are Fighting to Put in Place Fundamental Negative Change
This is a difficult claim to summarize neatly , but the logic is this : given the split between those who are awake and those who are not , it follows that those who are not awake are advancing -- with their advocacy , blogging , donations , volunteering , etc. -- the " corporatist " agenda .
In other words , the " corporatist " agenda is being advanced by those who are doing it consciously ( larger corporations , ruling party elites ) and by those who are doing it unwittingly through their support for what they believe to be the correct side in the left vs. right split .
Those who unwittingly support " corporatism " will continue to do so until they wake up or gain consciousness about the true nature of the political landscape .
Implicit Claim 4 : Political Activism No Longer About Support for Party , Is Now About Raising Consciousness RE : " Corporatism :
This last claim follows on from the first three , is also implicit , and is the most sweeping of all .
In essence , if we follow Greenwald 's argument to it 's logical conclusion , our political orientation extends beyond critique of the Senate health care bill -- beyond critique of the TARP bailout or the Fannie Mae funds or the Afghanistan Policy -- to a unifying critique of " corporatism . "
By seeing the truth in the corporatist argument we are pushing towards a broad recalibration of political understanding of the world - - a geological shift away from seeing the surface of things , towards seeing what is really real underneath the surface .
In that new fight , the battle over party candidates , media pundits , cabinet positions -- all of that is trivial , compared to the truth that lies beneath it all : that if corporatism is allowed to entrench itself , the fundamental nature of American society will change , citizenship as we understand it will be a farce , and democracy will be little more than a fiction produced by the ruling party marketing arm and private corporations .
How To Evaluate this Argument
I have a great deal of respect for Greenwald 's argument , in part because the political problem Greenwald is trying to think his way out of is complicated that it requires many false steps before we really get to solution .
Kilgore 's simple binary logic seems correct at first , and so it was incumbent upon someone to point out the weakness in it .
But to evaluate Greenwald 's definition of " corporatism " and the subsequent claims he implies , we should begin with a very basic question :
What is the alternative to " corporatism " ?
If , in other words , we are arguing against one system , what is the system we are arguing for .
Now , there are several well - known examples of this kind of consciousness shift logic having been argued in history .
Marx and Engels , as most of us know , argued that the surface of political relations were illusory as compared to the truth in the conflict between labor and capital .
Either you were conscious of this truth , or you were unwittingly supporting the capitalist exploitation of labor .
The alternative , in Marx and Engel 's vision was a system in which all capital was held in common by labor -- an inversion of the system along the lines of already existing socialist ideology .
Another kind of consciousness shift logic argued in history can be found in religion .
Both Christ and the Buddha ( just to pick two famous examples ) , argued that the world of appearances was false -- what we see is not what is real .
The real world is the inner world , through which we discover either God or peace or true being .
Their alternative to the struggle of the world of appearances was a retreat into the inner self , a world based on selflessness .
I offer these two suggestions not to say that either are relevant , here , but simply to say that there is a very wide range of possibilities when one makes a consciousness shift kind of argument , as Greenwald has done .
When thinkers in the past have asked the public to see what is really real beneath what they think is real , they have also directed that public to some kind of vision of what the world would be like if the vast majority of people woke up ( e.g. , a socialist state based on equality , a peaceful Buddhist retreat , etc. ) .
Greenwald offers no alternative vision -- which puts us in a difficult position .
Fair enough , not all the heavy lifting can be done by the same individuals .
But how do we know what mass consciousness will bring unless we know what the alternative is ?
Without an alternative , mass consciousness will bring mass outrage , but not the creation of a new system .
Separation of Private Businesses and State
Having giving this missing alternative some though , I believe one alternative -- without simply dredging up the left vs. right split -- is something like this :
a capitalism system with a constitutional separation of private corporations and the state
In other words : what we should for as an alternative is a system where states and private corporations are forbidden , by law , from converging .
Moreover , and this is a key term , the separation of corporations and the state as an alternative would be to guarantee that corporations would never encompass the state -- where state power would never be a subset of a non-democratically governed private company .
Now , with this basic alternative to our current system in mind , I want to turn back to Greenwald 's assertion that , " Whether you call it " a government takeover of the private sector " or a " private sector takeover of government , " it 's the same thing . "
In the current debate , the Tea Party movement claims that government , by taking over the health care sector , is imposing too much government control .
They see as the loss of that control a loss of freedom , meaning : individuals are not free to do whatever they want because government is limiting their expression and their ability to succeed , by taking control of private corporations .
What we find in this Tea Party argument is a very different vision from the one articulated above .
The alternative to " corporatism " that the Tea Party calls -- and one which draws in new members on the belief that they have achieved consciousness -- is a world where no government can ever encompass a private corporation .
And , in fact , we find the lament about " government limiting freedom " under the Obama administration ( and the Clinton administration , and FDR , etc. ) to be a common theme of the Tea Party movement .
A different alternative .
Corporations Must Never Encompass Government
If we conclude that government can never encompass private corporations , then we would also need to conclude that a great bulk of our state and federal law was unconstitutional -- given that a large part of what our legal system does is govern business .
We are , in other words , a nation with a deep history and belief in the idea that it is not only legal , but it is good for government to be more powerful than private business -- of which the large corporation is the main example at the moment .
In our politics , very loud participants in the debate do not agree with this basic idea .
There are currents of conservative thought extending all the way back to the founding of the republic that argue against the power of government over private land holders , and slaveholders , and monopoly holders -- and shareholders .
These currents have found their expression in a politics of the right in this country that has and still does call for the dismantling of our government in order to advance a specific alternative : an America in which the constitution forbids government to encompass private business .
Conclusion : Focusing Our Understanding of " Corporatism "
In the end , I have to reject Greenwald 's argument about left and right critiques being identical because the left and right are divided by two very different visions of society .
In the left pushes for a system where private business entities are kept separate from the state , whereas the right pushes for a system where private business interests are left unfettered by government .
What does this mean vis -a - vis the health care bill ?
It means that a health care bill that cedes too much ground to private business such that it can be said that private business encompasses the state and the expense of citizens -- that is a problem .
The Senate bill is a problem .
The idea that only a select , small few are conscious enough to see the reality of the world as it really is -- this too is a problem .
The reality of the world we live in is extremely messy .
That means that we must chart a path that banks short - term gains and long term gains .
Millions gaining access to community care via the Sanders amendment -- is a short term gain .
It will directly improve millions of lives right away .
Millions being able to cut health care costs due to access to health insurance --- however bad those policies may be objectively -- is better than millions not being able to cut those costs in half without any health insurance .
That will improve lives right away .
Millions being forced to purchase health insurance from the very companies that have terrorized them for decades with a sinister system of coverage denial bureaucracies -- that is a terrible step to take that will effectively force middle class people down the economic ladder like people trapped in an elevator that suddenly drops ten floors .
The cruelty of telling people who are already being abused by the system that they are now required by law to be abused by the system -- is unethical .
The difficulty is that neither the current political organization nor the current economic concepts in the debate are anywhere close to developed enough to offer a viable alternative .
Even with the existence of the elegantly effective " single payer " idea , there is no equivalently effective model of political organization to achieve it .
And so we are stuck with messy .
The question is : can we keep dealing with more and more of the mess until we have something that is workable for the greatest number of people -- and at the same time keep pushing to separate private business and the state -- or will we be subsumed by claims that the only true way forward is through consciousness raising on a mass scale ?
I have argued , here , that we are better served by actually understanding what we mean by " corporatism " than by leaping at the first definition we find -- however well intentioned that might be .
Any initial , mass call to consciousness will create some short term chaos .
Where we go from here is up to us .
If nothing else , the “ First International Meeting of Parties of the Left ” in Caracas last week was ambitious .
Heeding the call by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez for a fifth socialist international , participants set in motion planning for a founding session next April in Caracas .
They were called upon to respond , also , to new threats from U.S. imperialism .
Colombian Senator Piedad Cordoba , a Liberal Party member , ended the meeting by urging support for protests worldwide Dec. 12 - 17 against new U.S. bases in Colombia .
A working group was established to prepare for the April meeting , particularly for ideological discussion .
That gathering is timed to the 200th anniversary that month of a rebel government taking power in Caracas .
Now it ’s the socialists ’ turn to organize a “ solidarity based ” society , declared Nicolás Maduro , the Venezuelan foreign minister .
Last week ’s meeting took place over three days at the state - owned Hotel Alba , formerly the Caracas Hilton , dedicated now to “ socialist tourism . ”
Some 120 participants were on hand representing 50 parties and groups from 39 countries .
The United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) hosted the gathering .
A “ Commitment of Caracas ” coming out of the gathering set forth six overall goals .
They included calls for action against the U.S. bases , reversing the coup in Honduras , shaping a “ culture of peace , ” dissemination of revolutionary consciousness , building a worldwide vehicle for cooperative action , and solidarity with all those in struggle .
The document contained three “ Special Declarations . ”
One demanded an end to the U.S. anti-Cuban blockade and release of the Cuban Five , and another , mobilization for a “ world vigil ” on Nov. 29 , election day under the “ Honduran dictatorship . ”
The third declaration called for convening of the fifth socialist international ( The First International was the one that Marx and Engels participated in , the second was the grouping of Socialist parties prior to the First World War , the third was the Communist International ( COMINTERN ) established after the Russian Revolution , and the “ Fourth International ” brought together followers of Leon Trotsky ) .
President Chavez called the conference outcome “ ratification that Bolivarian Venezuela is not alone , ” especially with mounting U. S. and European media hostility , U. S. bases in Colombia , and Colombian paramilitary forays crossing into Venezuela .
Piedad Cordoba urged upon the meeting “ absolute backing ” for Venezuela ’s Bolivarian revolution so that Chavez not be “ cornered . ”
She held up his role in the transition to socialism as crucial .
“ I assume the responsibility before the world , ” said Chavez introducing his proposal for a fifth international .
In contrast with the European orientation of previous internationals , he explained , this one would have roots in Latin America , incubator of present - day socialism .
Chavez cautioned that as the fifth international confronts both imperialism and capitalism , it must steer clear of errors that undid 20th century versions of socialism .
Welcoming ideological debate , he argued that “ socialism of the 21st century ” will be determined by the history and needs of individual nations .
The Venezuelan Communist Party ( PCV ) joined other Communist parties present in withholding approval for a new socialist international on grounds that world Communist parties are already acting in concert through yearly meetings of communist and workers ’ parties organized from Greece .
On its Popular Tribune web site , the PCV backed common struggle against “ terror and the looming military threat , ” specifically a “ broad , continental anti-imperialist front , ” a project that non-socialists would also join .
A fifth international , however , is another matter .
The PCV took exception to the ideological scatter of the left parties represented in Caracas and involvement even of right - wing parties , notably the Institutional Revolutionary Party of Mexico and Argentina ’s Justicialist Party , which includes Peronists of every kind .
Some non-Communist left formations – for example , Germany ’s Die Linke , France ’s Parti de Gauche , the Alternative Democratic Pole of Colombia ( which includes the Colombian Communist Party and others ) , and the Brazilian Workers Party – were favorably disposed , but postponed approval .
The French , Cuban , Greek , Portuguese , Chinese and Vietnamese Communist parties were represented , also the FMLN of El Salvador , Nicaragua ’s Sandinistas , and Bolivian President Evo Morales ’ party , Movement toward Socialism .
The complete Commitment of Caracas is published on venezuelanalysis.com .
Its far - reaching goals are epitomized by characterization of the “ structural crisis of capital [ as an ] economic crisis , an ecological crisis , a food crisis , and an energy crisis . ”
This onslaught represents “ a mortal threat to humanity and mother earth , ” the document says .
The remedy is “ construction of an ecologically sustainable society as a fundamental axis of our struggle for a better world . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/shankbone/
/ CC BY 2.0
Four arrested after quad bike deaths on Cardiff railway
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Four people have been arrested after two men believed to be fleeing the scene of a burglary were killed when a quad bike was hit by a train .
The men , three in their 20s and one 34 , were arrested following a £ 40,000 raid at an outdoor pursuits store on Newport Road , Cardiff , on Wednesday .
Two other men believed to be making their getaway were killed when the quad bike was struck on tracks at Rumney .
They have been named as Trevor Davies , 20 , and David Cooper , 24 , of Rumney .
Officers believe the arrested men may be connected to the incident .
Trevor Davies , 20 , was one of the two men who died South Wales Police said they were being detained at Cardiff Bay police station .
Officers have confirmed that one quad bike was stolen .
The other quad bike remains unidentified .
Two hundred men's specialist outdoor jackets were stolen from the Go Outdoors store .
Officers were called to the site in the early hours of Wednesday at around the time the men were hit on tracks nearby .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
British Transport Police said the quad bikers had been travelling east towards Newport when they were struck from behind .
It is believed the train that hit them was travelling at around 70 mph .
The passenger train involved was not carrying members of the public at the time .
It had left Cardiff en route to Cheltenham for servicing .
Normally no passenger trains would be on the line that early in the morning .
Chief Inspector Sandra England said two men were pronounced dead at the scene , close to New Road in Rumney .
" We also believe that there appears to be two people who have actually run from the scene at the time that the two men lost their lives , " she added .
A large bag of clothing was recovered from the trackside " If anybody has got any information on that , can they please come forward and tell us . "
The raiders cut through a fence by the railway and used quad bikes to ram through doors to enter the property .
Paul Caplan , of Go Outdoors , said : " They had some big polythene bags that they then filled with these jackets and then they went out of the store again and disappeared across the tent field and went out on the railway line again . "
The fatal crash happened about 15 minutes after the raid .
Anyone with information has been asked to contact officers on 0800 40 50 40 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you happened to be on the A train at 4 p.m on Sunday you might have noticed something a bit odd .
A bit bold .
In the middle of another brutally cold Sunday on the rails , groups of passengers pulled their pants down and took them right off .
It was all part of practical joke called " No Pants Subway Ride . "
" Improv Everywhere " group organizer Jesse Good explained the purpose is , " to create scenes of chaos and joy and to put a smile on New Yorkers ' faces . "
That they did .
Thousands of riders on myriad subway lines around the city started unzipping right in front of unsuspecting passengers .
Similar pantless events took place on DC 's metro , in San Francisco 's BART , Chicago 's CTA and in Baltimore .
This is the 9th year that Improv Everywhere has convinced random strangers to gather for this pants - shedding event .
The first year attracted seven participants .
This year they estimate 4 to 5 thousand New Yorkers got on subways in Brooklyn , Queens and Manhattan determined to take their pants off .
" It was weird , I do n't know , " said straphanger Zach Williams .
" I 'm from New Jersey , not New York , so I 'm keeping my pants on . "
Georgianna
Hicks came all the way from Philadelphia for the occasion .
" I 'm cold but I 'm not really nervous , " Hicks said .
" I really like improv in general and I really like the crowd reaction . "
Pantless rider Vivian Feldman says planning is key .
" We went shopping special for the occasion , " she said .
" We went for a more modest cut than usual , but still panties . "
At Union Square , the bare - kneed passengers exited their cars and walked up into the open air of the park to celebrate their success .
It takes a lot of data center horsepower to create the stunning visual effects behind blockbuster movies such as King Kong , X - Men , the Lord of the Rings trilogy and most recently , James Cameron 's $ 230 million Avatar .
Tucked away in Wellington , New Zealand are the facilities where visual effects company Weta Digital renders the imaginary landscapes of Middle Earth and Pandora at a campus of studios , production facilities , soundstages and a purpose - built data center .
The 10,000 square foot server farm manages thousands of work orders and a serious amount of data .
Information Management magazine reports on the creative artists and rendering done for the movie , as well as the thoroughbred data center supporting it .
The Weta data center got a major hardware refresh and redesign in 2008 and now uses more than 4,000 HP BL2x220 c blades ( new BL2x220c G6 blades announced last month ) , 10 Gigabit Ethernet networking gear from Foundry and storage from BluArc and NetApp .
The system now occupies spot 193 through 197 in the Top 500 list of the most powerful supercomputers .
Thirty four racks comprise the computing core , made of 32 machines each with 40,000 processors and 104 terabytes of memory .
Weta systems administrator Paul Gunn said that heat exchange for their servers had to be enclosed .
The " industry standard of raised floors and forced - air cooling could not keep up with the constant heat coming off the machines , " said Gunn .
" We need to stack the gear closely to get the bandwidth we need and , because the data flows are so great , the storage has to be local . "
The solutions was the use of water - cooled racks from Rittal .
Gunn also noted that tens of thousands of dollars were saved by fine tuning the temperature by a degree .
Weta won an energy excellence award recently for building a smaller footprint that came with a 40 percent lower cooling cost for a data center of its type .
For the last month or more of production those 40,000 processors were handling 7 or 8 gigabytes of data per second , running 24 hours a day .
A final copy of Avatar equated to 17.28 gigabytes per minute of storage .
For a 166 minute movie the rendering coordination was intense .
Based on the #avatar Twitter hash tag comments I would say the visual effects are a success .
We previously discussed the Weta Digital facility last year in One Data Center to Rule Them All .
The Obama administration refused Friday to follow a federal judge 's order to provide insurance benefits to the wife of a lesbian court employee in San Francisco and said its hands were tied by a discriminatory law .
" This issue shows exactly why Congress needs to repeal " the law , which prohibits federal benefits to same - sex couples , government lawyer Elaine Kaplan said in a message to attorneys for court employee Karen Golinski .
One of Golinski's lawyers , Jenny Pizer of the gay - rights group Lambda Legal , said Kaplan 's response was " something we might have expected from the Bush or Reagan administration , and not from a ' fierce advocate ' of LBGT rights , " as President Obama has described himself .
The case is one of two in which the Office of Personnel Management has balked at orders by judges on the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to provide coverage to the same - sex spouses of federal employees .
Golinski , a staff attorney at the appeals court 's headquarters , married her partner , Amy Cunninghis , after the state Supreme Court legalized same - sex marriage in California in May 2008 .
The court preserved 18,000 such marriages this May while upholding Proposition 8 , the November 2008 ballot measure that undid the earlier ruling .
Golinski applied in September 2008 to include Cunninghis in the family insurance policy , which already covered the couple 's 6 - year - old son .
Court officials refused , citing the Defense of Marriage Act , the 1996 law that bars the federal government from recognizing same - sex marriages .
The appeals court 's chief judge , Alex Kozinski , who hears administrative cases involving court staff , ruled in January that the law governing federal employee benefits allows insurance coverage for anyone legally married in her home state .
When the Office of Personnel Management disagreed , Kozinski ordered the agency last month to comply .
Another Ninth Circuit judge , Stephen Reinhardt , whose decision to grant family coverage to a gay federal public defender was similarly thwarted , has ordered the defender 's office to reimburse the lawyer for the cost of buying insurance for his husband .
Kaplan told Golinski's attorneys that the Justice Department had reviewed her case and concluded the Defense of Marriage Act prohibited insurance coverage .
Kozinski's order is not binding on the agency , Kaplan said , because he was acting as an administrative hearing officer and not as a judge .
" The administration believes that this law is discriminatory " and supports legislation to grant benefits to federal workers ' domestic partners , Kaplan said .
The administration is not sponsoring legislation to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act , however , and is defending the law in a suit by same - sex married couples in Massachusetts .
If the administration continues to deny coverage , Pizer said , Golinski will sue in court .
Educational Songs with Free Worksheets
An engaging rap song for teaching Latin and Greek meanings and etymology to students .
Includes fun worksheets and multiple versions of the song to assist with scaffolding .
This song presents common prefixes , suffixes and roots as linguistic units , and helps students understand their role and placement in word construction .
Each verse focuses on a different aspect of building words using common prefixes , suffixes and roots .
The additional materials including worksheets and online resources , help teachers , parents and students understand word construction and meaning .
Students will enjoy building words and increasing their vocabulary .
This song is suitable for elementary school , middle school , and high school students , as well as ESL , ELL or any students experiencing difficulty with the English language .
Chorus
Words are power , and that ’s the truth
Prefixes , suffixes , and they all got roots
Words are power , they run this town
So let ’s run the track back , and break ‘ em on down
Verse I
Let me break this down , we start with root words the truest
Not a full word , just a linguistic unit
You get a lot of room here to improvise
Visualize words of small size as I summarize
“ aqua ” means water , “ ami ” means love
“ bio ” means life , “ hemo ” means blood
“ geo ” means earth , and “ vita ” means life
Let ’s hit the next topic so y’all can get it right
Chorus
Verse II
You want to know what ’s next , it ’s the prefix step
The initial portion of a term or object
Look at the word itself , it ’s a two - part patch
“ pre ” means before , and “ fix ” is to attach
“ anti - ” means against , “ inter - ” means between
“ poly - ” means many , while “ homo - ” means the same
“ pseudo - ” means false , and “ trans - ” mean across
Prefixes start words , you should never take a loss
Chorus
Verse III
If prefixes come before , then what ’s the next chapter
Suffixes follows root words , so they must come after
And while this may sound absurd
A suffix can also change the grammar function of a whole word
“ Wait , from adjectives to adverbs ? ”
Like clear into clearly
“ But then child into childish ? ”
It ’s semantics , can you hear me ?
“ - ology ” means study of , “ - ism ” is belief in
“ - cide ” means killing , and “ - or ” and “ - er ” mean demonstration
“ - phobia ” means fear of , “ - kinesis ” means movement
And that ’s what it is , now you ’re getting some improvement
( I am selling a TV to a middle - aged man and his wife . )
Me : “ So , it ’s between the 32 and the 36 inch TV , right ? ”
Husband : “ Yes , but I do n’t understand the difference between them . ”
Me : “ Well , they have the same specs all the way down the line .
One is just bigger . ”
Husband : “ Who in the h*** would pay almost $ 350 more for four more inches ? ”
Wife : “ I would ! ”
This story is part of our Perfect Comebacks roundup !
Read the next Perfect Comeback story !
Read the Perfect Comeback roundup !
Dr. Gary Kohls explains the effects that artificial sweeteners like aspartame have on the brain .
Find out how your body breaks down these sweeteners and what they really end up doing to your brain and your health .
Related Articles
4 SHARES Share Tweet
At first the idea of business and spirituality together may seem contradictory .
We are often told that businesses are only driven by the incentive to make more money , while spirituality entails abandoning this attachment to external goods and material wealth .
With this attitude hanging over our head , how can a spiritual person ever expect to become a successful businessman ?
Under what conditions can one sell and still be righteous ?
To start , is there any place in this world that is outside of economic reality ?
Even the poorest of spiritual beggars must have some desire for clothing , food and shelter if he or she wants to survive .
They need to “ exchange ” things for food , even if it is just a warm smile or a lesson in compassion .
On the other hand , some of these spiritually - driven individuals make a virtue out of living from the bare minimum , a notion that the late Indian mystic Osho disagreed with strongly .
Osho taught that material poverty was not a genuine spiritual value .
Often referring to himself as the “ rich man ’s guru . ”
According to one excerpt from Wikipedia :
“ Osho had himself photographed wearing sumptuous clothing and hand - made watches , and while in Oregon drove a different Rolls - Royce each day – his followers reportedly wanted to buy him 365 of them , one for each day of the year .
Publicity shots of the Rolls - Royces ( 93 in the end ) were sent to the press .
As a conscious display , they may have reflected both his enjoyment of wealth and his desire to provoke American sensibilities , much as he had enjoyed offending Indian sensibilities earlier . ”
Although a complex character who loved to provoke others , Osho made it clear that he never mistook material wealth for spiritual gain .
Money to him was just a tool .
He says ,
“ Money is a means .
If you are happy and you have money , you will become more happy .
If you are unhappy and you have money , you will become more unhappy – because what will you do with your money ?
Your money will enhance your pattern , whatsoever it is . ”
Although he was rarely one to hide his wealth , money did not define Osho .
In fact many of the royalties he received from his work were often donated to local communes , including the 90 + Rolls Royces .
In some ways Osho ’s teachings can even be seen to resemble the moral philosophy of Ayn Rand , who once said , “ The purpose of morality is to teach you , not to suffer and die , but to enjoy yourself and live . ”
Osho was definitely one to enjoy himself and live .
He saw no virtue in prolonging any kind of suffering , starting with his own .
His way of life quickly became a quintessence of how one can take responsibility for themselves and enjoy life without any signs of guilt or fear .
It is not money that is the root of all evil , but human greed itself that causes humans to do heinous acts for material and superficial gains .
Money however can still be used as a tool for good , and even the acquisition of money , as long as the means are just , can often benefit society at large .
The remainder of this article will touch upon business incentives that I feel also align themselves congruently with spiritual and moral imperatives .
The Incentive To Provide Goods For Others
First and foremost the purpose of a business is to provide goods for others .
The owner may have the intentions of striking it rich , but if he neglects the needs and wants of society then he will have a tougher time selling his products .
Sure , he or she may find ways to exploit the system and trick others into buying something they do n’t really desire , but this can be incredibly difficult to do and even if the business does succeed , they wo n’t last long because their reputation will be quickly tarnished ( this is assuming governments do n’t come in and bail them out for their mismanagement ) .
Businesses are almost always better off if they try to provide something of value .
Just look at individuals like Bill Gates from Microsoft and Sam Walton , the founder of Wal - Mart .
Both of these companies have drastically helped to increase the standard of living of others .
Nowadays almost everyone has experienced the luxury of a computer , as well as the low prices provided by enterprises like Wal - Mart .
Be honest , in what ways have these corporate conglomerates benefited you ?
Businesses must know the demands of others if they want to continue to exist .
Providing valuable goods to others at an affordable rate is a great way to benefit society at large .
Often these endeavors can result in an alleviation of suffering , which is a primary objective to any spiritual practice .
In the right hands , more money can mean a greater capacity to do good for others , especially when it is managed in productive ways .
This is an aspect of business that should be celebrated more often .
The Incentive To Treat Customers Right
My economics teacher in high school once said that if someone has a bad experience with a company they are likely to tell the story to – on average – about 7 other people .
I was n’t able to confirm this statistic ( if anyone can help me that would be great ! ) but I think she was touching on a crucial point : businesses must treat customers at some sort of satisfactory level if they want their customers to keep coming back .
If a business gets enough of a bad reputation , people will stop going , and the company will no longer be favorable in the public eye .
Especially in industries where there is a lot of competition , it is in the company ’s best interest to win over their customers hearts and minds .
It does n’t cost much to treat your customers with loyalty , care , and a bit of compassion – so if you are running a business it is in only in your own rational self - interest to make it assured that your customer ’s needs are being met , and they they enjoy pleasant experiences with your company .
This does n’t just mean in the value of your product , but also in the value of your customer service and the overall human - to - human experience .
This means their must be a certain culture to your company :
What kind of friend are you to your clients ?
Are you being genuine , superficial , or are you acting as if you just do n’t give a fuck at all ?
People are n’t dumb – they can usually tell the difference !
The Incentive To Treat Employees Right
Sure , many people believe that many modern economies have resulted in what is know as “ wage slavery . ”
In this sense many say companies can get away with exploiting their workers , despite the fact that workers voluntarily choose where they work in a free society .
Despite this , businesses have plenty of good incentives to treat their workers with the best possible care .
For example , building a sense of community or family around the workplace is a fantastic way to increase productivity .
If people love where they work then they are much more motivated to do a great job .
Of course , not all jobs are equally enjoyable , so it is up to the business owner to be creative when trying to build a more friendly atmosphere for his employees .
One real world example is the offices at Google , one of the biggest companies in the world .
Sure looks like fun to work there !
Choosing The Right Values
Achieving the above objectives requires a company to have good and productive values .
Although this is n’t all that it takes to build a great business , it is important to have a sense of love , compassion , and family within the internal structure of your company .
That is what keeps it together and makes up its core .
You want your employees to be able to feed energy off of each other .
This builds a self - perpetuating drive and motivation to do good for the company , which should try and be seen as a greater whole .
Understand that by doing good for the company you are also doing good for society at large .
The key is to work for ( or build ) a company that you honestly believe is doing good for the world .
The rest of your attitude will come naturally to you .
You will want to improve the company because it simultaneously improves humanity too .
Last Thoughts
On Business - Minded Spirituality
This framework for business is part of what I am beginning to call “ Business - Minded Spirituality . ”
As an ardent proponent of capitalism and free markets , but also a deeply spiritual person , I strive to persuade you that businesses are not just evil and greedy money - making machines , but amazing tools that can be utilized to transform our world in a positive direction .
For those that are already awakened spiritually , continue your learning by getting into the realm of business .
For those that are more business - oriented , add a spiritual element to your company to help make it grow in new and expansive directions .
I hope to be discussing these concepts more in the near future .
Some of you may have already adapted a business - minded and spiritual attitude .
What type of things do you do to build a spiritual sense around your company ?
Which techniques do you find most effective for improving upon your business ?
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
Forget hipster idealists , vegans , and off - the - grid hippies : Dolly Freed has another way .
Freed — a pseudonym — wrote Possum Living , a manifesto for living cheaply ( and , she claims , lazily ) in the late 1970s , when she was a feisty 18 year - old .
Now reissued by Tin House Books , the volume is a relevant and sassy manual for a non-consumer lifestyle .
Dolly ’s practical lessons are presented with an irresistible wiseass grin :
“ We usually leave on the head , tail and fins for the simple reason that the fish looks nicer that way ; and it means less work , ” she writes .
“ Also , many fish have considerable amounts of meat in their heads — just like some people . ”
Dolly lived with her father on a half - acre lot in suburban Philadelphia off just $ 5,000 a year , which was perplexingly cheap enough in her day to get her on the Merv Griffin Show .
Her dad earned the little cash they needed doing odd jobs during winter , but the book is about everything else it took to live like possums : the gardening , the scrimping and shortcuts , the “ merrily gurgling ” home still .
What ’s remarkable is how prescient , or smart , or just plain no -nonsense Freed ’s advice was , because so much makes sense today .
Not only do they ditch their car and ride bikes instead , but she warns against getting overly expensive bicycles — see ya , fixies — that might get stolen .
Like my neighbors , she uses her yard as a vegetable garden , which she plans carefully ( she explains how ) .
She grows herbs and preserves the extras in vinegar .
She makes pickling sound simple , cooks over an open fire when she can , buys clothes at Goodwill , and has plenty of time left over for playing chess on the porch .
Some of the projects are harder to imagine adopting .
She and her father purchase wheat , soybeans , and potatoes in bulk from a feed store — there are still feed stores around , it turns out , but how many of us will make the time to clean and grind our own wheat ?
Freed made moonshine with a pressure cooker , some copper pipe , and rubber tubing , assembling the pieces with dough .
OK , that ’s inventive , but would it be so terrible to buy a gasket or two ?
Winemaking is easier in the final stages — once you put it all together , you just let it ferment — but even with Freed ’s fruit - and - sugar measures supplied , calculating it all gets pretty complicated .
But the real challenge is the bunnies .
This is where Freed is awesome in her punk rockness : like a band that knows it will offend , she puts the hardest track right up front .
She raises chickens and bunnies ; the chickens provide eggs .
The bunnies ?
They provide meat .
Freed advocates killing the animals quickly and with as little suffering as possible — their method is a .22 , but says a heavy club will do .
She also thinks all of the animal should be used ( if you want to NOT know what goes into sausage , skip this chapter ) .
She has a convincing argument that it ’s hypocritical to buy meat in a store you would n’t kill yourself , but the squeamish may be more likely to skip the meat course altogether .
Yet as gory as the details of killing and cleaning rabbits get , you ’ve got to admire Freed ’s plainspoken descriptions : when skinning , she writes , “ leave the feet on till the end of the job to use as handles . ”
Her practicality included a little grocery - store dumpster - diving , fishing in public waters , and doing home repairs without permits — a kind of rule - bending that goes from harmless legal gray areas to stuff that may be ill - advised .
In one chapter — which the author , with the perspective of almost three decades , disavows — she supports late - night harassment to achieve worthy goals .
This tactic is one that was clearly her father ’s , and some of the book ’s curmudgeonly - ness seems to have come from him .
It ’s charming vented through an energetic 18 year - old , but in a new afterword , Dolly explains she came to see her father ’s efforts in a new light — he could be ineffective , and his eventual slide into alcoholism alienated everyone , including her .
The afterword proves what a remarkable person Dolly Freed always was .
She became a NASA engineer with nothing more than a GED ; then , when it did n’t make her happy , she quit , found another career , did that for a while , and quit again .
She and her husband and their two children live , under another name , in Texas , where she continues to be frugal .
These days , she is very busy gardening .
Watch a short documentary on Dolly below .
Homepage photo by Kevin Westenberg
Back in October , Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien mentioned that his decade - award - dominating group was planning on heading back into the studio " in winter . "
And hey , it 's winter .
And Radiohead are back in the studio , just like O'Brien said .
Hello 2010 !
Writing on the band 's Dead Air Space blog on December 19 , the guitarist said , " The vibe in the camp is fantastic at present , and we head off into the studio in January to continue on from the work we started last Summer .
I am so genuinely excited about what we 're doing , but for obvious reasons I can't divulge anything more ... anyway we all love surprises do n't we ?
10 years ago we were all collectively ( that 's the band ) in the land of * Kid A ...* and although hugely proud of that record , it was n't a fun place to be ... What 's reassuring now , is that we are most definitely a different band , which should therefore mean that the music is different too and that is the aim of the game ... keep it moving . "
O'Brien gave away a little more about the State of Radiohead in a [ #script : http://pitchfork.com/media/backend/js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/en.js]||||||Rolling Stone interview : " We feel way more empowered in terms of our art and what we 're doing .
We have been rehearsing for the last four weeks , for this new record .
And we are in a very different place , a very new place .
I do n't know if this is relevant , but I was talking with [ drummer ] Philip [ Selway ] three days ago about this .
We were saying , ' What 's different ? '
And one of the things is we do things without fear . [...]
The thing that is different about In Rainbows is that it was an album from the heart .
It was a lot warmer .
And from what I 'm making out in the rehearsal room now , there are still elements of that . [...]
I 'm an eternal optimist , but I truly believe we can shift massively on this [ next ] record .
That 's the thing we all know , that we feel in our bellies as we 're rehearsing -- we 're on a big move here . "
Good things happen when this band makes big moves .
In other Radiohead news , Thom Yorke put up a final furious report from his trip to the United Nations Climate Change Conference on Dead Air Space .
And the singer contributes to the soundtrack for an upcoming documentary about Tibet called When The Dragon Swallowed the Sun. ( Via Consequence of Sound . )
The film , which also features music by Philip Glass and Damien Rice , is due out early this year .
Vol.01 Ch.001 Battle in the Southern Sea
Right to Left
Left to Right
How to use
At the beginning of the movie , young Max is torn by warring impulses he cannot control or understand .
Part of him loves and depends upon his mother .
But part of him rages against her .
In the midst of turmoil , Max falls into a primitive , mythical realm with a community of Wild Things .
The Wild Things contain and re-enact different pieces of his inner frenzy .
One of them feels unimportant .
One throws a tantrum because his love has been betrayed .
They embody his different tendencies .
Many critics have noted that , in the movie version , the Wild Things are needlessly morose and whiney .
But in one important way , the movie is better than the book .
In the book , Max effortlessly controls the Wild Things by taming them with “ the magic trick of staring into all their yellow eyes without blinking once . ”
In the movie , Max wants to control the Wild Things .
The Wild Things in turn want to be controlled .
They want him to build a utopia for them where they wo n’t feel pain .
But in the movie , Max fails as king .
He lacks the power to control his Wild Things .
The Wild Things come to recognize that he is n’t really a king , and maybe there are no such things as kings .
In the philosopher ’s picture , the good life is won through direct assault .
Heroes use reason to separate virtue from vice .
Then they use willpower to conquer weakness , fear , selfishness and the dark passions lurking inside .
Once they achieve virtue they do virtuous things .
In the psychologist ’s version , the good life is won indirectly .
People have only vague intuitions about the instincts and impulses that have been implanted in them by evolution , culture and upbringing .
There is no easy way to command all the wild things jostling inside .
But it is possible to achieve momentary harmony through creative work .
Max has all his Wild Things at peace when he is immersed in building a fort or when he is giving another his complete attention .
This is n’t the good life through heroic self - analysis but through mundane , self - forgetting effort , and through everyday routines .
Appiah believes these two views of conduct are in conversation , not conflict .
But it does seem we ’re in one of those periods when words like character fall into dispute and change their meaning .
Savor it folks !
For one day only , reason appears to be winning out .
First the TSA caved on its dumb ban of jetBlue 's ( JBLU ) live TV , and now it 's caved on getting up to go to the bathroom ( or move around ) in the last hour .
Canadian airline WestJet ( via Flightblogger ) just tweeted the news .
Also , why do we keep getting news from Canadian airlines ?
Floods and mud slides have killed 91 people , as heavy rains from Hurricane Ida hit El Salvador , the country 's interior minister has said .
Humberto Centeno said 60 people are still missing , and about 7,000 more are in shelters .
He told reporters that many towns are still cut off , and that officials have been unable to reach them .
The capital of San Salvador and central San Vicente province are the hardest - hit regions .
Ida strengthened to a category 2 storm today , and a hurricane watch was extended to the Florida Panhandle as Ida made its way across the Gulf of Mexico .
The hurricane watch now stretches from southeastern Louisiana to Mexico Beach .
Forecasters at the US National Hurricane Centre in Miami said Ida 's winds are now near 100 mph , meaning Ida could get stronger .
The watch means hurricane conditions are possible in the next 36 hours .
The hurricane was moving to the northwest near 10 mph , with Ida expected to pick up steam as it moved over open waters in the Gulf of Mexico .
Ida could reach the Gulf Coast by Tuesday , though it was unclear how strong it would be by then .
Earlier today , Ida's wind and rain whipped palm trees in the Mexican resort of Cancun .
Fishermen tied their boats down , though tourists seemed to regard Ida as only a minor setback .
" I figure probably in a couple hours we 'll be stuck inside , " said Julie Randolph , 40 , a social worker from Ormond Beach , Florida , who braved the rain to jog along the near - empty beach .
As winds picked up and intermittent rains intensified this morning , restaurants and nightclubs near the waterfront began covering their windows with large pieces of plywood .
Ida is expected to interact with a weakening cold front over open seas and will most likely be a tropical storm or perhaps a low - level hurricane when it gets to the Gulf Coast .
Parts of the Yucatan Peninsula remained under a hurricane warning , and a tropical storm warning was in place for the western tip of Cuba with heavy rains expected .
( See Correction & Amplification below . )
BEIJING -- Xu Shisen put down the phone and smiled .
That was Canada calling , explained the chief engineer at a coal - fired power plant set among knockoff antique and art shops in a Beijing suburb .
A Canadian company is interested in Mr. Xu's advances in bringing down the cost of stripping out greenhouse - gas emissions from burning coal .
Engineers led by Mr. Xu are working to unlock one of climate change 's thorniest problems : how to burn coal without releasing carbon into the atmosphere .
Mr. Xu is part of a broader effort by China to introduce green technology to the world 's fastest - growing industrial economy -- a mission so ambitious it could eventually reshape the business , just as China has done for everything from construction cranes to computers .
China looms large over the global climate summit in Copenhagen , where Chinese officials are pressing the U.S. and other rich nations to accept new curbs on their emissions and to continue to subsidize poor nations ' efforts to adopt clean - energy technology .
China is the world 's biggest source of carbon emissions .
Less understood is the way China is now becoming a source of some of the solutions .
Photo by : Bern@t
For some background reading on related issues , try these articles first :
Environment #1 : The Issue of Human Population Growth
Energy # 1 : What is Peak Oil
Environment #2 : Resource Limitations ~ Water
It ’s time to start thinking about Food Security
When you think about the factors affecting food production ( climate , water , arable land , fertiliser , energy ) it ’s easy to see how current trends in each of these areas should be making us feel a little nervous about our Food Security ( or lack thereof ) .
Even more than other oil - driven sectors of the global economy , food production is showing signs of strain as it struggles to maintain productivity in the face of rising population , flattening oil production and the depletion of essential resources such as soil fertility and fresh water .
According to figures compiled by the Earth Policy Institute , world grain consumption is starting to exceed global production .
Global grain reserves have fallen to 57 days from a high of 130 days in 1986 .
The production of an adequate food supply is directly dependent on ample fertile land , fresh water and energy .
As the human population grows , the requirements for these resources also grow .
The Decline of Fertile Cropland
During the past 40 years nearly one - third of the world ’s cropland ( 1.5 billion hectares ) has been abandoned because of soil erosion and degradation .
~ Food , Land , Population and the U.S. Economy , Pimentel and Giampietro
At present , fertile cropland is being lost at an alarming rate .
More and more of the world ’s cropland has been abandoned because agricultural practices , overgrazing and deforestation have caused the land to become unproductive .
This is a long term problem because it takes 500 years to form 25 mm of soil under agricultural conditions .
Most replacement of eroded agricultural land is now coming from marginal and forest land .
World cropland per capita has been steadily declining and is now less than 0.23 ha per capita ; and down to as little as 0.08 ha in China , the world ’s most populous country .
To enjoy a diverse diet similar to that of the U.S. and Europe , 0.5 ha per capita of cropland is required .
With more of the world desirous of a western diet , it ’s obvious that more pressure will be applied to the arable land that remains .
In addition to losses from erosion and other environmental impacts , cropland is also being converted to non-farm uses .
This does n’t just apply to developing nations .
One only has to look at the housing developments here in Southern California to witness how much productive cropland is being lost to construction .
The number of vehicles in the world also continues to grow , claiming even more cropland for roads , highways , and parking lots .
China has recently overtaken the U.S. as the largest vehicle market in the world .
If the Chinese market were to keep growing to an ownership rate of one car for every two people , the country would then have a fleet of 650 million motor vehicles , compared with only 35 million today .
Since at least 0.4 hectares of land has to be paved for every 20 vehicles added to the fleet , this would require paving nearly 13.3 million hectares of land — an area equal to half the rice fields in China .
The shortage of productive cropland combined with decreasing land productivity is , in part , the cause of current food shortages and associated human malnutrition .
When combined with other factors such as political unrest , economic insecurity , and unequal food distribution patterns food shortages are likely to become worse in the future .
Water shortages =
Food shortages
Of all the environmental trends that are shrinking the world ’s food supplies , the most immediate is water shortages .
In a world where 70 percent of all water use is for irrigation , this is not a small issue .
The drilling of millions of irrigation wells has pushed water withdrawal in many countries beyond recharge rates from rainfall , leading to groundwater mining .
As a result , water tables are now falling in countries that contain half the world ’s people , including the big three grain producers — China , India , and the United States .
~ Spiegal Online International
Fossil aquifers which are being use more and more for agricultural irrigation , are not replenishable .
When they reach depletion in more arid regions , such as southwestern United States or the Middle East , it can mean the end of agriculture altogether .
In China , the water table under the North China Plain , an area that produces over half of the country ’s wheat and a third of its corn , is falling fast .
Overpumping has led to the drilling of the region ’s non-replenishable deep aquifer , which is dropping at a rate of nearly three meters per year .
A World Bank report predicted “ catastrophic consequences for future generations ” unless water use and supply can quickly be brought back into balance .
As water tables fall and irrigation wells go dry , China may soon be importing massive quantities of grain in addition to the soybean imports which now account for nearly 70 % of the country ’s consumption .
The progressive worldwide depletion of aquifers is making further expansion of food production more difficult .
After nearly doubling from 139 million hectares in 1961 to 276 million hectares in 2002 , the world ’s irrigated area abruptly stopped growing .
It seems peak water has arrived .
Source
Industrialized Agriculture relies on Nitrogen - based Fertilisers
Nitrogen - based fertilisers enabled the ‘ Green Revolution ’ that boosted global food production in the last century , but that benefit came at a cost which we are now going to pay for .
Fossil fuels are needed for the continued production of fertilisers .
As those fossil fuels become more expensive or harder - to - obtain , the ready availability of fertilisers is likely to be affected .
Natural gas is a key feedstock ( up to 90 percent of the total costs ) in the manufacturing of nitrogen fertilizer for which there is no practical substitute …
Nitrogen fertilizer prices tend to increase when gas prices increase .
~US GAO report : “ Natural Gas : Domestic Nitrogen Fertilizer Production Depends on Natural Gas Availability and Prices ”
Between 1950 and 1990 , the world ’s farmers raised grain yield per hectare by more than two percent a year , exceeding the growth of population .
Since then , yield growth has slowed such that the demand from a growing population is rapidly converging with the available food supply .
Source
Expensive Energy = Expensive Food
Here we are , supposedly recovering from the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , and oil is still trading at more than $ 80 a barrel .
If and when a true recovery gets under way , that price is likely to rise even more , as I discussed in last week ’s post on The Economy and Oil .
This issue is critical , because our industrialised agricultural system is so reliant on cheap oil for harvesting , processing and transporting food vast distances to the store shelves .
10 kcalories of exosomatic energy are spent in the U.S. food system per calorie of food eaten by the consumer .
Put another way , the ( US ) food system consumes ten times more energy than it provides to society in food energy .
~ The Tightening Conflict : Population , Energy Use , and the Ecology of Agriculture ”
Oil is a finite , natural resource and we are fast approaching the end of cheap oil .
When oil is more expensive , food is more expensive too .
Source
Climate Change
Whether you believe in human - caused climate change or not , it ’s clear to most people that something is up with the weather .
Many agricultural regions around the world are experiencing stronger heat waves , more drought or more extreme rainfall .
It ’s starting to affect the harvests we are relying on to keep us all fed .
Droughts are n’t good for crops , but neither are record wet spells .
Extremely wet conditions in the U.S. Midwest last fall delayed harvests to the point that some 30 per cent of North Dakota ’s corn remained in the fields by the time a Christmas blizzard put an end to harvest time completely .
Agriculture as it exists today was shaped by a climate system that has remained remarkably stable over farming ’s 11,000 - year history .
Since crops were developed to maximize yields in this long - standing climate regime , climate change means agriculture will be increasingly out of sync with its natural environment .
Population Growth and Food Scarcity
And finally there ’s still population growth to consider .
World food production must increase by 70 percent by 2050 , to nourish a human population then likely to be 9.1 billion ~UN Food and Agriculture Organisation
It appears that crop yields are moving closer to the inherent limits of the Earth .
This limit establishes the upper bounds of the earth ’s human carrying capacity .
The question is not whether the world grain harvest will continue to expand , but will it expand fast enough to keep pace with rapidly growing demand ?
If we continue down the current path it is not likely to do so , which means that food supplies will tighten further .
There is a real risk that we could soon face civilization - threatening food shortages .
Geo-Political issues
It ’s easy to dismiss this issue as something that will only affect poor nations , but we now live in a truly global world .
There are many ways that food scarcity can become very political and start impacting our lives in ways we never imagined .
Since that ’s a huge topic in its own right , I might leave that topic to another week .
This post is part of my World - Changing Wednesday series .
Tune in each Wednesday to read my thoughts on an issue which I think will have a huge impact on how we live our lives in the years to come .
According to Bad Baby Names , a serious work of genealogical research dedicated to the important task of laughing at terrible parents , the United States census in the 19th and early 20th centuries recorded the existence of children named Post Office , Infinity Hubbard , Garage Empty , Emma Royd and Nice Carr .
Psychologists , reasonably enough , used to think that being saddled with such a name cursed you for life ; they scoured schools and mental health clinics , and concluded that children with funny names achieved lower grades and suffered more emotional disturbance .
But more recent and rigorous studies have confirmed what you might have guessed all along : parents who choose weird names tend to be weird parents in many other ways – and it's this , rather than society 's response to a particular name , that 's to blame for their children 's problems .
Either that , or they 're simply poor and marginalised , hoping to use a name to provide a distinctiveness they can't bestow using money .
When these children do n't do well , the cause is poverty , not choice of name .
Some scholars even suggest that an unusual name is as likely to help as to hinder , by helping to build a thick skin .
The real ways in which our names exert an influence turn out to be far stranger .
It 's true that other people do respond badly to certain names – in one well - known study , schoolteachers gave better marks to papers purportedly written by pupils called Karen or David than those called Hubert or Bertha – but the more important factor seems to be internal : without being aware of it , we respond to our own names in ways that can change the course of our lives .
Evidence is piling up for a cognitive bias known as the " name - letter effect " , which explains why people called Colin or Cathy are more likely to move to Carlisle , or vote for politicians named Cameron ; in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , people with a K in their initials were disproportionately represented among charitable donors .
And it goes beyond initials : there 's a statistically significant surfeit of Phils in Philadelphia and Georges in Georgia – an effect that applies even when you compare only the names of those born elsewhere , in order to eliminate the phenomenon of parents consciously or subconsciously naming a child after his or her birthplace .
People called Dennis are – I 'm serious – over - represented among dentists , while the same goes for lawyers named Larry or Lauren .
What 's at work here , researchers speculate , is " implicit egotism " , the idea that our preferences and outlook are shaped , much more subtly than we realise , by our attraction to things and people that are in some way like ourselves .
Meanwhile , I note with bafflement that Oliver , according to the most recent figures , is the second most popular name for a baby boy in Britain ( or third , if you count all spellings of Mohammed as a single name ; predictably , Jack still occupies first place ) .
Which leads to another way in which one 's name impacts on one 's life : in two years ' time , I will be essentially unable to use supermarkets , due to the number of parents shouting , " Oliver !
Get here now ! " causing me to wheel round in panic before I realise they 're talking to their toddlers .
Frankly , I wish my parents had thought of this and had the foresight to call me Infinity Hubbard or Garage Empty instead .
oliver.burkeman@theguardian.com
New Jersey Family Law and Criminal Defense Attorneys
Our four experienced divorce lawyers and criminal defense attorneys , having all come from large law firms , have over 107 years of collective experience .
The attorneys at the Law Office of Sara Sencer McArdle combine our large law firm experience with an intimate and personal approach to give you confidence and comfort that your matter is being handled effectively .
Our seasoned team provides seasoned , competent , caring representation .
At the Law Office of Sara Sencer McArdle , we always remember the person “ behind the case . ”
It ’s been many - a- month since I last posted a desktop , so just in time for Christmas I ’ve drawn this reindeer to bring your screen some extra festive feeling :)
It ’s actually re-purposed from the site I ’m currently working on , hopefully should launch in the new year , will be good to get some fresh work up on the internets after my long sabbatical .
Download the dimensions that suits you : 2560 ×1440 , 1920×1200 , 1680×1050 , 1440×900 , 1280×800 .
For those interested in such things , the Phyllotactic Spiral used in the background was created with a Scriptographer script , their Illustrator plugin is my new favourite thing .
And their Paper.js HTML 5 vector graphics scripting examples are blowing my mind .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 23rd , 2009
I like the part about how NASDAQ is looking at requiring all brokers to use a specified length of network cable on the links to the exchange ’s servers .
HA .
The article assumes the reader will get it , but just in case you do n’t , the point is that the length of the cable affects the latency .
A shorter cable will have shorter latency .
A longer cable will have longer latency .
As absurd as it sounds , the speed of light is a factor to consider for these strategies .
( More information on latency issues as they relate to trading . )
Via : Technology Review :
Today ’s stock market has become a world of automated transactions executed at lightning speed .
This high - frequency trading could make the financial system more efficient , but it could also turn small mistakes into catastrophes .
If Manoj Narang is about to bring down the markets , he ’s certainly relaxed about it .
Narang , who wears a goatee and wire - frame glasses , is casually dressed in a brown shirt and dark gray sweatshirt .
Sitting on a swivel chair with one leg tucked under the other , he seems positively composed , especially for a man who has just bought and sold 15 million shares with a total value of $ 600 million .
For Narang , however , such volume represents just the start of a normal day .
Though it ’s about noon on a Friday morning , he has barely begun .
Narang is the head of Tradeworx , a hedge fund and financial - technology firm that makes purely automated trades ; all decisions are reached and acted on at near light speed by computers running preprogrammed algorithms .
“ Actually , we run two businesses , ” he says .
“ The first trades in and out of shares in about a second and holds them for an average of two or three days .
That ’s the medium - speed fund .
The high - speed fund could make thousands of trades a second and holds them for a matter of minutes . ”
By the end of the day , his computers will have bought and sold about 60 million to 80 million shares , with the heaviest activity in the last hour of trading , from three to four in the afternoon .
Tradeworx and similar firms around the country will race to close billions of bets that hinge on things like tiny differences between the prices of shares in an exchange - traded fund holding the S&P 500 and the individual shares that make up the same index .
The profits go to the company with the fastest hardware and the best algorithms–advantages that enable it to spot and exploit subtle market patterns ahead of everyone else .
At the end of a typical day , the Tradeworx high - speed business holds no shares at all .
Come Monday , Narang will look to trade millions more shares .
It seems like a lot , and it is , but Narang estimates that he ’s probably only somewhere in the middle of the top 50 traders by volume .
Just five years ago , automated trades made up about 30 percent of the market , and few of those moved as quickly as today ’s trades do .
Since then , however , automated trading has become much more widespread , and much quicker .
Narang acknowledges starting his ultrafast group as a defensive maneuver when he began to notice faster traders eroding the performance of his medium - speed strategy .
Now the medium - speed fund is adopting the techniques he developed in the ultrafast fund .
TheTabb Group , a consultancy based in Westborough , MA , estimates that high - frequency automated trading now accounts for 61 percent of the more than 10 billion shares traded daily across the numerous exchanges that make up the U.S. market .
Tabb estimates profits from high - frequency trading in the first nine months of last year at $ 8 billion or more .
With the rise of automation , the bulk of U.S. stock trading has moved from the once - crowded floor of Manhattan ’s New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) to silent server farms run by exchanges and broker - dealers across the country : the proportion of all trades that the NYSE handles has shrunk from 80 percent in 2005 to 40 percent today .
Trading is now essentially a virtual art , and its practitioners put such a premium on speed that NASDAQ has considered issuing equal 100 - foot lengths of cable to the brokers who send orders to its exchange servers .
Vox pop : Dockless E- Bikes
Will shared e-bikes continue to be a part of the city furniture ?
Peter Smisek ventured to Shoreditch to find out more about dockless e-bikes and their users
A MESSAGE TO OUR CUSTOMERS CONCERNING CORONAVIRUS ( COVID - 19 ) :
DEL'S TRUCK RENTALS CARES ABOUT THE HEALTH AND WELL - BEING OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES !
WE ARE STILL OPEN & HERE TO SERVE YOU !
Del 's Truck Rentals has been the Greater Seattle Rental Truck " go - to source " for over 35 years !
You have found the best choice for renting trucks , trailers , vans and accessories in the Seattle , Woodinville and Bellevue area .
Del ’s Truck Rentals is your complete rental truck , trailer & van resource .
Whatever job or event is coming up in your life , Del 's Truck Rentals has a vehicle to fit the occasion .
If you are moving to a new home or business location , our moving truck rentals will simplify your move .
Our sprinter van rentals are ideal for taking your club out to dinner or your child 's Little League team for ice cream after the big win .
If you need to pick up a new dresser or table from a furniture store , our pickup truck rentals fit the bill .
Del 's Fleet of Truck Rentals :
Celebrating Over 35 Years of Truck , Trailer & Van Rentals in Greater Seattle
Contact us today for a free quote on truck rentals or trailer , vans & accessories .
Whether you need to haul an industrial load or transport a van full of kids , you need comprehensive options and trustworthy support .
At Del ’s Truck Rentals , we work hard to provide the tools families and business owners on the go need .
We offer a full range of options for passenger van , trailer , and truck rental .
Seattle , WA area residents also depend on us for high - quality packing materials and dependable moving accessories .
Quality and Convenient Truck Rentals in Seattle & Surrounding !
We ’ve rented trucks to the Seattle area for since 1967 .
We understand that quality products and service are vital to a satisfactory rental experience .
To make the process go as smoothly as possible , Del ’s Truck Rentals provides :
Comprehensive supplies , including most accessories you may need .
Friendly , competent customer service .
Reservations guaranteed .
Secure onsite parking .
Your pick of our full inventory .
Stop in to our Woodinville Headquarters for a Complimentary Consultation on your Truck Rental Needs !
Stop in to our physical location for a truck rental consultation today .
We ’re located in Woodinville .
Washington right off of highway 522 making us a convenient !
We are the guaranteed truck rental resource in Seattle , Bellevue , Kirkland , Bothell and surrounding areas .
We are open 7 days a week , so do n’t hesitate to come to us to begin planning your next event or move .
Our helpful staff is available several methods to ensure you can find out more about our rental trucks as easily as possible : .
Fill out our online form for a quote
our online form for a quote Call us at 425.485.9189
Email us : delstrucks@gmail.com
Employment Opportunities at Del's Truck Rentals !
Massage That Relaxes Your Body
Many times you are tired of a hard day work or you get stressed of what happens around you .
A good massage will relieve you off the stress .
Various thing that you do in your life may make you stress .
If you have a need …
By Patrick Bond
December 16 , 2009 -- Eight million people viewed Annie Leonard 's The Story of Stuff video since December 2007 and her new nine - minute Story of Cap and Trade has received 400,000 hits in the two weeks since its December 1 launch .
The film , produced by Free Range Studios , was developed in collaboration with the Durban Group for Climate Justice and Climate Justice Now !
networks , which joined Climate Justice Action and other networks to put tens of thousands of activists on the streets of Copenhagen , London and dozens of other cities in recent days , demanding large carbon emissions cuts , the payment of ecological debt to climate victims and the decommissioning of carbon markets .
But critics abound , so what trends can we discern from the sometimes venomous feedback to Story of Cap and Trade , and what do these tell us about US and global climate politics ?
Let 's consider three categories of critics :
libertarian climate change denialists ;
Big Green groups and other carbon trading supporters ; and
self - interested green capitalists .
To start , right - wing extremists are easiest to dismiss because they deny that climate change is a product of human / economic activity -- but there 's a schizophrenic double agenda .
For although they 're pro-business , libertarians like Fox TV's Glenn Beck oppose market - based cap - and - trade schemes .
The most dangerous , Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe , denies ``that we 're going to pass a cap - and - trade or we 're going to do something on emissions reduction ' ' , as he told the rightwing NewsMax agency on December 13 .
Australian climate denialists now control the official opposition party in that Country , having overthrown its leader last month due to his cap - and - trade endorsement , in the process halting Australia 's proposed emissions trading scheme .
Those of us fighting carbon markets certainly do n't want alliances with cretins like Inhofe or intrepid videoblogger Lee Doran .
After a clumsy rebuttal to The Story of Stuff , Doran offered another zany video - attack , in which he first agrees with the demolition of cap and trade , but then replies to Annie 's charge that rich - world overconsumption victimises those least responsible for global warming :
Annie :
Did you know that in the next century , because of the changing climate , whole island nations could end up underwater ?
Lee :
Yes , and islands will emerge from the water too , it 's part of the natural cycle of the planet ( minute 6 ) .
Enough said about flat - earth libertarian ideologues .
Pro-market ` Big Greens '
In the second group we find both pro-market ``green '' ideologues i.e. , ``always find a market solution for a market problem !'' -- and well - meaning environmental advocates operating under conditions not of their own choosing within Washington 's adverse balance of forces .
From at least 1997 , when Al Gore shoved cap and trade into the Kyoto Protocol with the soon - to - be - broken promise that Washington would then endorse the climate treaty , many greens who earlier criticised market solutions concluded that the market was the only game in town , due to prevailing power relations .
But instead of trying to change those power relations , most of Washington 's ``Big Green ' ' groups held their noses and went to work expanding carbon trading from London to the Chicago Climate Exchange , joined by like - minded academics and green policy wonks .
Along the way some turned eco-egotistical about their chosen trade .
Eric de Place of Sightline Institute takes the policy critique personally : ``All these years that tens of thousands [ sic ] of folks like me have worked long hours at low pay ( or no pay ) to hash out a workable and effective climate policy and it turns out that our purported allies like Leonard would rather paint us as duplicitous bankers in pin-striped suits . ''
Notwithstanding the long underpaid hours hustling cap and trade -- wasted , if judged by the subsequent evidence of carbon market failures -- de Place 's injured tone is misplaced .
As Annie did in fact acknowledge , ``Some of my friends who really care about our future support cap and trade .
A lot of environmental groups that I respect do too .
They know it 's not a perfect solution and do n't love the idea of turning our planet 's future over to these guys , but they think that it is an important first step and that it 's better than nothing . ''
However , as the film demonstrates , carbon trading is not better than nothing , it 's far worse than nothing .
As top climate scientist James Hansen insisted in the New York Times on December 7 , a US Senate bill or Copenhagen deal based on cap and trade would be indeed worse than no bill , no deal : carbon trading ``actually perpetuates the pollution it is supposed to eliminate ' ' .
Ideologically , the market environmentalists risk sliding down a dangerous slope .
For instance , amongst conservationists in both southern Africa ( where I live ) and Seattle ( where de Place lives ) this question has been posed : should markets be relied upon to preserve threatened wildlife , even endangered species ?
In the African case , the challenge involves rhinos and elephants whose ivory tusks attract murderous poachers seeking riches in east Asian aphrodisiac markets .
Poachers have reduced the big animals ' populations dramatically in recent decades .
In the North American Pacific Northwest , instead of aphrodisiacs , macho trophy hunters seek coastal grizzly bears for their fireplace mantels .
Market environmentalists react with a simple formula , which -- to quote Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe -- reduces life to a commodity : `` They must pay to stay '' .
Mugabe and his allies seduce hunters to visit Zimbabwe in order to maintain a ``sustainable '' herd for the killing pleasure of rich tourists ( not ordinary Zimbabweans ' viewing pleasure ) .
De Place , too , defends the trophy industry : ``I 'm not sure that hunting is bad for the species being hunted ' '
( http://www.grist.org/article/to-save-a-species-shoot-here -- and for a rebuttal by the Raincoast Conservation Foundation , see http://www.grist.org/article/raincoast-responds-to-eric-de-place).
Grist 's `pro-market panic '
David Roberts of the environmental website Grist also suffers pro-trading panic , calling the The Story of Cap and Trade ``the perfect representation of all the confusion and misplaced focus that plagues the green left right now ' ' .
In contrast , he confesses , ``I 'm generally viewed among greens as a defender of cap - and - trade - or , in the less charitable version , a defender of the `party line ' , a shill for the administration , a sell - out `insider ' , whatever . ''
Quite .
David Roberts cannot defend the US and EU cap - and - trade systems ' free pollution allowances and billions of tonnes of offsets , rebutting that we should criticise not carbon markets , simply prevailing legislation .
But the dreadful US Waxman - Markey and Kerry - Boxer carbon - trading bills were complemented in mid-December by Senator Joe Lieberman -- `` This is the market - based system for punishing polluters previously known as `cap and trade ' " -- to now include offshore drilling for oil and natural gas , nuclear energy and ``clean coal '' scamming .
Another new bill offered by Senators Maria Cantwell and Sue Collins last week was endorsed by de Place and his colleague Alan Durning even though it has only a 4 % emissions - reduction target for 2020 from 1990 levels .
Go figure , the author of the great 1992 anti-consumption book How Much is Enough ? , Durning , now calls this irresponsibly low target ``solid ' ' .
Ideally Kerry , Lieberman et al will be punished by Washington 's gridlock , as the bills suffocate in Capitol Hill 's corporate pollution -- a good thing , since their death would at least preserve the existing Clean Air Act , which all the main legislators except Cantwell - Collins threaten to gut .
Why markets are bad for the environment
Grist 's David Roberts grows yet more defensive on matters of principle : ``I do n't know why the green left has decided that markets are bad , in and of themselves , but it seems both politically unwise and substantively thin . ''
He does n't know why ?
Only a year after the world 's worst market failure in recorded history , with global trade and financial indicators far lower after 18 months than a similar period in 1929 - 31 !
Aside from concern about the self - destructive tendency of financial markets which host carbon trading ( witness the EU Emissions Trading Scheme collapses in April 2006 and October 2008 ) , the green left offers many substantively thick arguments why business environmentalism is flawed , and why commodifying natural resources -- like the air , in carbon trading -- generates systemic market failures .
For example , Africa 's greatest political economist , Samir Amin , has just penned a damning attack on environmental markets , as has University of Oregon professor John Bellamy Foster : The Ecological Revolution : Making Peace with the Planet .
Either can assist Roberts to plug the gaping holes in his pro-market consciousness .
Roberts does n't seem to understand the severe dangers associated with an anticipated US $ 3 trillion in carbon trades by 2020 , which will become the basis for further trade in financial derivatives , for he derides the The Story of Cap and Trade 's warning about Wall Street speculation : `` [ Annie ] Leonard et al. seem instead to have decided that `market Goldman Sachs derivatives bugga bugga !' suffices .''
But Roberts , de Place and NRDC policy director David Doniger dare not trash the film 's proposed solutions , such as stronger EPA regulatory enforcement and citizen activism ( e.g. West Virginia mountaintop defence ) .
There is greater potential to push the EPA into action -- in spite of misgivings by NewEnergyNews ' Herman Trabish -- than to win legislation regulating carbon within ill - functioning , untransparent financial markets , in which ``too big to fail '' deregulatory freedom was amplified by Bush - Obama 's 2008 - 09 bailouts .
Green capitalists
The third critical group of The Story of Cap and Trade includes green technocrats with financial self - interest .
That may explain why at least one of them -- Adam Stein from TerraPass -- is so very cross , absurdly entitling his attack on the film , `` Why does Annie Leonard hate the environment ? '' , and another is carbon consultant Gay Harley .
Stein claims , ``cap and trade and carbon taxes are functionally equivalent policies '' -- but they 're not .
As James Hansen points out , carbon fees would easily withstand the scamming and price volatility so notorious in the carbon markets .
Ultimately , for Stein , ``one criterion clearly stands above all others : which policy actually stands a chance of passage in the US Congress ?''.
Unmentioned , for obvious reasons ( the US Congress being a wholly owned subsidiary of big business ) is that a carbon trading policy only enjoys the ``strong support '' of a meagre 2 % of the US voting population , who ``favor a carbon tax over cap - and - trade by nearly two - to - one ' ' , according to a Hart Research survey .
But given Washington 's adverse power relations , a genuine climate policy must avoid the corporate - ruled Congress for now , and instead focus on command / control by the EPA .
( To be sure , a stronger EPA would also rule many of TerraPass 's own projects -- especially those methane - electricity landfill conversions that undermine zero - waste strategies -- as unworthy of green investment . )
Of all The Story of Cap and Trade 's supposed errors , says Stein , ``my favorite for sheer chutzpah , if not for actual importance , is when Leonard dings Kyoto because `energy costs jumped for consumers ' " .
But Stein may want to look at what European consumers now see : no net greenhouse gas emissions reductions on the one hand , and on the other , massive criminality in the EU 's carbon trading scheme ( Europol estimates 5 billion euros have been stolen in tax fraud , as just one example ) , alongside regressive energy price increases ( the poorest suffer a much higher burden of expenses than the wealthy , and are least able to make the transition to the post - carbon economy ) .
So when the film refers to higher EU energy costs , this is not chutzpah , it 's critical realism .
No one more than Annie Leonrad is committed to raising consumption costs appropriately so as to deter waste ; Story of Stuff 's viewers learned of unaccounted - for eco-social externalities that should be internalised in her $ 4.99 radio , for instance .
Actually , the most telling contribution to the critiques of our cap - and - trade critique comes from an unlikely source : Charles Krauthammer .
The despicable neocon columnist fused all three hostile narratives when he wrote , on December 11 , against the EPA : ``Congress should not just resist this executive overreaching , but trump it : Amend clean - air laws and restore their original intent by excluding CO2 from EPA control and reserving that power for Congress and future legislation .
Do it now .
Do it soon .
Because Big Brother is n't lurking in CIA cloak .
He 's knocking on your door , smiling under an EPA cap . ''
Sorry , the big brother who so frightens Krauthammer is far bigger than a beleaguered Washington environmental agency and far more dangerous to corporate profits than pro-market ``green '' critics of The Story of Cap and Trade actually comprehend : simply , a new global movement known as Climate Justice .
[ Patrick Bond is a content advisor to The Story of Cap and Trade and has written widely on the climate crisis .
This was originally a ZNet commentary .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Bond 's permission . ]
Recently , through strange circumstances , I have become an incredibly wealthy person .
It was not always so .
Not long ago , I was an impoverished freelance magazine writer , contributing articles to this very magazine on the subject of snuff and hangover cures and sword canes .
It sounds horrible , I know , but do not judge .
Back then , it was the only way I could afford a sword cane .
But now , of course , I am an accidental famous minor television personality .
Now I have dozens of custom - made sword canes , and even some that are not even canes — just plain swords that I use as canes , because I am that incredibly wealthy .
Plus tudos , decent dress shoes , that expensive cat food you never buy — everything .
My life is completely different , and I have insight now to a whole new world of privilege , excess , and unaccountable influence over the government that is hidden from you , because you are poor .
Take , for example , the case of the investment bank Goldman Sachs , which has been in the news lately for posting massive profits in the midst of a worldwide financial crisis that cost millions of Americans their homes and jobs and caused competing banks , such as Lehman Brothers , to spontaneously combust in eerie blue flame .
Naturally , people have questions about this mysterious institution , and here are some of them , with answers provided by me .
What is Goldman Sachs ?
Goldman Sachs is an investment bank founded in 1869 with the simple goal of providing short - term loans to local businesses and to secretly run the U.S. government .
Do they secretly run the U.S. government ?
No .
Goldman Sachs abandoned that part of its charter after commissioning the Great Depression , when the Goldman board ( also known as the Council of the Invisible Hand ) determined that the day - to - day work of governance — taxation , defense , figuring out how to keep impoverished children from dying in the streets , hobo fighting , etc. — was boring .
Since then , the Invisible Hand has been content to simply keep a few highly placed agents within the government to make sure it does not get in the way .
Who are these agents ?
It 's not a secret : Robert Rubin , Clinton 's secretary of the treasury , and Henry Paulson , George W. Bush 's , were both heads of Goldman and both occasionally wore the powder blue robes and silvery face paint that is the sign of their office .
Timothy Geithner , the current treasury secretary , is not a Goldman alum , but he is a protégé of Rubin's ( the two have been known to go clubbing together ) , and Geithner 's chief of staff is a former Goldman Sachs lobbyist .
Gavin Hewson , 54 , from St Albans , who was also on the car transporter shuttle , said : “ It was like a cattle train .
Three or four people collapsed from heat and panic .
There was a major lack of oxygen .
Some people were even forced to sit in the cargo cages .
Conditions were dreadful . ”
Finally , at about 2 am the train pulled away .
Passengers had been told they would be taken care of in Calais and put up in hotels , but the reality when they arrived at 3 am was very different .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iraqi officials have raised the death toll from Sunday 's bombings in Baghdad to 155 and they say another 500 people were wounded in the explosions .
The co-ordinated attacks , near the justice and local government ministries and the provincial government HQ , were Baghdad 's bloodiest since April 2007 .
Suicide bombers detonated two vehicles , a lorry at a busy junction near the two ministries and a car in a parking bay .
US President Barack Obama branded the attacks " hateful and destructive " .
These bombings serve no purpose other than the murder of innocent men , women and children
US President Barack Obama
Back to the bad old days for Iraq ?
Baghdad voices :
After the attacks
Send us your reaction American troops have been called in to help the investigation and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki has pledged that the perpetrators will be brought to justice .
Mr Obama said in a statement : " I strongly condemn these outrageous attacks on the Iraqi people , and send my deepest condolences to those who have lost loved ones .
" These bombings serve no purpose other than the murder of innocent men , women and children , and they only reveal the hateful and destructive agenda of those who would deny the Iraqi people the future that they deserve . "
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Iran 's foreign ministry joined international condemnation , saying such actions " aim to wreck stability and the process of reinforcing democratic structures " .
' Cowardly terrorism '
The bombs exploded in quick succession at 1030 ( 0730 GMT ) near the heavily - fortified Green Zone , Baghdad 's administrative centre , as people headed to work during the rush hour .
Army spokesman Maj Gen Qassim Atta said the lorry was loaded with a tonne of explosives and the car was carrying 700 kg ( 1,500 lb ) of explosive material .
Traffic restrictions in the street which was hit were eased six months ago and blast walls repositioned , as part of a programme which Mr Maliki had said showed progress in countering insurgents .
Dozens of the dead were said to be employees at the two offices .
No -one has yet said they carried out the attack .
DEADLIEST ATTACKS SINCE 2003 Aug 2007 : More than 500 killed in attacks on villages near Sinjar Jul 2007 : 150 killed in truck bombing in Tuz Khurmato Apr 2007 : 191 killed in car bombings in Baghdad Mar 2007 : 152 killed in truck bombing in Tal Afar Feb 2007 : 135 killed in truck bombing in Baghdad Nov 2006 : 202 killed in multiple blasts in Baghdad Mar 2004 : 171 killed in bombings in Baghdad and Karbala
Source : News agencies , BBC
In pictures : Baghdad blasts Iraq : Key facts and figures As Mr Maliki visited the scene of the attacks on Sunday , he blamed al - Qaeda and supporters of former president Saddam Hussein .
" These cowardly terrorist attacks must not affect the determination of the Iraqi people to continue their struggle against the remnants of the dismantled regime and al - Qaeda terrorists , " he said .
Overall , violence has dropped dramatically in Iraq compared to a year ago , although sporadic attacks still continue in several parts of the country .
But correspondents say there are fears that violence may increase as the country heads towards parliamentary elections scheduled for the beginning of next year .
The bombs went off as senior politicians were meeting in central Baghdad to try to break the deadlock over a draft law that would enable elections to take place in January .
The meeting ended without agreement , but will re-convene on Monday .
Last week the Iraqi parliament failed to meet a deadline to pass the legislation because of differences on a number of issues , among them whether to tell voters which candidates are on the party lists .
The US government , which has around 120,000 soldiers stationed in Iraq , says it wants all combat troops out by the end of August 2010 in preparation for a full military withdrawal by 2012 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Not - so - tasty partner
Female sexual cannibals do not find their male partners particularly tasty .
Relative to their normal prey , male spiders are not very nutritious , and females only eat their mates if they are starving , researchers have found .
That suggests that , among spiders at least , hunger is not the main driving force that compels females to eat their partners after sex .
The finding by scientists at Miami University , US is published in the journal Oecologia .
Cannibalism is a behaviour that has long intrigued biologists .
Males are a less nutritionally balanced food item for females than other prey
Spider expert Dr Shawn Wilder
Miami University , Ohio
Yet it remains poorly understood .
Several hypotheses have been put forward to explain it ; for example , it helps reduce competition or it occurs as a result of mistaken identity .
However , the most studied idea is that a member of the same species is the perfect meal , as it contains all the nutrients an animal has in its own body , and therefore needs .
Yet there is conflicting evidence about the benefits of becoming a cannibal .
So Dr Shawn Wilder and Professor Ann Rypstra of Miami University in Hamilton , Ohio investigated just how nutritious a meal a male wolf spider is for a female .
This species ( Hogna helluo ) is abundant in agricultural areas of the mid-western US .
The spiders , which live for up to two years , do not build webs , but lie in wait for their prey .
After around one in three matings , a female wolf spider will eat the male .
Fatty means tasty Dr Wilder and Prof Rypstra measured how much of a male spider a female typically eats , including the proportion of lipids and proteins consumed from his body .
They compared that to how much a female spider eats of a more usual prey , a house cricket .
A male spider ( above ) is only partially consumed , compared to an almost completely devoured cricket ( below ) Female wolf spiders typically eat 72 % of the biomass of a cricket compared to just 51 % of male spiders , the researchers found .
They also sucked out much more lipids from crickets , than from their former mates .
Around 20 % of a cricket 's body is lipids , while just 5 % of a male spider 's body is lipids .
Overall , the researchers found , eating males does not provide female spiders with the nutrition required to successfully reproduce .
" Our results show that females need a lot of lipid to produce eggs , yet the male spiders have very little lipid in their bodies , " Dr Wilder told the BBC .
" Males are a less nutritionally balanced food item for females than other prey items like crickets . "
This was backed up by trials which showed the female spiders would often devour a cricket straight after having rejected eating a male spider .
" I was surprised by the results because sexual cannibalism has often been thought of as a nutritionally - motivated decision , " says Dr Wilder .
A larger female launches an attack on a male " Instead , our results suggest that cannibalism may [ provide ] a low quality meal that may be a last resort to avoid starvation . "
Any meal is not necessarily a good meal for a female spider , Dr Wilder explains .
Any time a spider decides to capture prey , it comes at a considerable cost .
" The spider risks injury and spends energy during the prey capture , invests silk and digestive enzymes into the prey and must spend a considerable amount of time extracting nutrients , " he says .
So the cost of eating a low quality male may be too high for females .
The only time when hunger may drive a female to eat her former partner is when a female spider is starving , says Dr Wilder .
Exactly what motivates female spiders to eat males remains somewhat of a mystery .
But that fact that males do not make a tasty meal , may help explain why so few species do it , and why it occurs relatively infrequently , he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A platoon of Taliban fighters attacked a Pakistani Army checkpoint in South Waziristan in a region where a peace agreement with the Taliban is in effect .
Upwards of 40 Taliban fighters opened fire on checkpoint at a bridge in Wana , the main town in South Waziristan , killing one soldier and suffering six of their own in a counterattack .
“ There were 30 to 40 militants who first fired rocket - propelled grenades at our post and then opened fire with AK - 47 rifles which killed one of our soldiers , ” a Pakistan security official told Reuters .
“ But we retaliated and killed six militants . ”
The attack against the Army in Wana is a major violation of an agreement between the military and a Taliban faction that agreed to remain neutral during the Army ’s offensive in South Waziristan .
It is also further proof that Taliban forces are sheltering in areas under the control of Taliban leaders considered to be “ pro-government . ”
Wana is under the control of Mullah Nazir , the leader of the Taliban forces in the western Wazir tribal areas of the agency .
Pakistan ’s military and intelligence services consider Nazir and his followers “ good Taliban ” as they do not openly seek the overthrow of the Pakistani state .
However , Nazir openly supports Mullah Omar and Osama bin Laden , and wages jihad in Afghanistan ; more senior al Qaeda leaders have been killed in Nazir ’s tribal areas during the US air campaign than in those of any other Taliban leader in Pakistan .
Earlier this year , just prior to launching a military operation against the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan in the Mehsud tribal areas in South Waziristan , the military agreed to a peace deal with Nazir as well as with North Waziristan Taliban commander Hafiz Gul Bahadar .
Nazir and Bahadar are not members of the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan .
The peace agreement allows for the Pakistani military to move through Nazir and Bahadar ’s tribal areas without being attacked .
Another condition of the agreement prohibits Bahadar and Nazir from providing shelter to fleeing members of the Mehsud branch of the Taliban .
But Taliban fighters from the Mehsud tribal areas have sought shelter with Mullah Nazir in the Wazir tribal areas , and the rearguard fighters still opposing the Army ’s advance are receiving support from Nazir ’s forces , US military and intelligence officials have told The Long War Journal .
Bahadar , too , is providing shelter to fleeing Taliban fighters and covert support to the Mehsud Taliban .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
The wheels on the bus wo n't go 'round and ' round in many playrooms this year if the Consumer Product Safety Commission has its way .
On Wednesday , the Commission voted against a petition to exempt small pieces of brass used in the wheels on toy cars , tractors and buses from draconian lead standards .
The fiasco is one more sign that Congress must address the chaos created by its 2008 law regulating lead in toys .
Lead is a typical component of brass but poses minuscule risk to children through toys .
As the CPSC 's own staff remarked , ...
Eight men competing in Mr Gay China , which organisers say is a striking sign of how far attitudes to homosexuality have changed guardian .
co.uk
There 's a swimwear round and a talent section where contestants can show off their singing and dancing .
But organisers insist the contest to be held this Friday is a serious business .
It is China 's first gay pageant .
The event is a striking sign of how far attitudes in China have changed and of gay people 's increasing confidence .
Gay sex was illegal until 1997 .
Homosexuality was classed as a mental illness for four years after that .
Now an emerging gay community is busting stereotypes .
" We are intelligent , we 're professionals , we 're gorgeous – and we 're gay , " said contestant Emilio Liu , from Inner Mongolia .
" I want the audience to know there are a whole bunch of people like us living in China .
It 's a wonderful life and it's not hidden any more . "
These days there are gay support groups and websites helping people to explore their sexuality and meet potential partners .
There are gay venues in most major cities ; last year , the first government - backed bar opened in Kunming , in south - western Yunnan .
Shanghai held the first Gay Pride week and in Beijing , campaigners called for same - sex marriages .
Now comes Mr Gay China , reported in approving terms in English - language state media .
Eight finalists will take to the stage of a Beijing nightclub to strut their stuff in casual clothes and swimwear , exhibit their talents and answer questions .
The winner – picked for his ability to represent gay issues as well as his skills , personality and looks – will head to Norway for next month 's finals of Worldwide Mr Gay .
" I do n't think people were ready before , " said Ben Zhang , one of the organisers , recalling the " long and painful " process of discovering and accepting his sexuality , less than a decade ago .
It would be easy to overstate progress since then .
Few of the participants are willing to give their full names and several complain about the stereotyping of gay men as weak or HIV - carriers .
Strikingly , all are white collar workers and most have studied or worked abroad .
Zhang acknowledges that life is tougher outside the big cities , but says that is why the event is needed : " If this gets seen by some country boy in Ningxia , maybe he will realise ' It 's not horrible to be gay and I 'm not alone . ' "
For many , the biggest issue is invisibility .
" People want to stay out of trouble so they stay away from anything different ...
It 's not necessarily that they 're afraid of it or think it 's bad .
They just do n't want to know , " said Liu , adding that a handful of friends cut him off after finding out that he was gay .
He said the pressures on gay men in China are different from those elsewhere , not greater , pointing out that there is no religious condemnation and that anti-gay violence is rare .
But although Liu , 26 , says that most friends and family accept his sexuality , he has not come out to his father or grandparents .
" China is a very traditional society , " explained Steve Zhang , 30 , who works in sales .
Relatives have pestered him for years about finding a girl to marry .
" When I finally told my uncle I had a boyfriend he was n't surprised but said , ' Well , that 's not a long term thing , ' " Zhang added .
" They think having fun with boys does n't mean you love them ; you will still get married in the end . "
The pressure to marry is one reason why some campaigners see gay marriage as a goal , along with legal protection against discrimination .
But few expect such changes soon .
Official tolerance is highly variable .
Activists and grassroots organisers complain of harassment by the authorities .
Websites and publications have been shut down .
And although Shanghai Pride organisers deliberately kept it low key , with no banners or parade , the authorities forced the cancellation of some events .
Despite signs of growing confidence in challenging such actions – last year , gay men faced down police conducting a sweep of a Guangzhou park – most opt for a non-confrontational approach .
Organisers hope to avoid problems by keeping Mr Gay China low - key and did not invite mainstream Chinese - language media .
" Officials could show up and say ' your fire hydrant is in the wrong place , " said Zhang .
" It is still a sensitive issue . "
Edgar Martinez never appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated .
He never played in a World Series .
He was never the subject of an ESPN " Sunday Night Conversation " and certainly never made the headlines of TMZ , Us Weekly or the National Enquirer .
All Edgar did was hit .
His approach to his craft was legendary : the daily eye exercises with flash cards ; practicing hitting against tennis balls screaming at him at 150 mph ; not watching TV during the season ; weighing his bats to the quarter - ounce on a kitchen scale .
Edgar Martinez won two batting titles and had a .312 career batting average while playing 18 seasons in the majors .
AP Photo / Donna McWilliam
Few hitters over the past 20 years earned as much respect and praise from their peers as Martinez .
Mariano Rivera once called him the toughest batter he ever faced .
Dusty Baker called him " a professional , quiet , humble giant one of best right - handed hitters ever seen . "
Mike Scioscia called him " the one guy you did n't want to see come up there with the game on the line . "
I call him a Hall of Famer .
As my colleague Jayson Stark -- who wrote an impassioned plea for Edgar in his terrific book " The Stark Truth : The Most Overrated and Underrated Players in Baseball History " -- recently e-mailed me : " When I did the research for my book , I even shocked myself .
I knew the guy was good , but I did n't know he was that good . "
Before I explain why a vote for Edgar Martinez for the Hall of Fame is the right vote , one caveat : I 'm a Mariners fan .
Edgar is the most beloved Mariner of all time , a hero in Seattle ( and in Puerto Rico , where he grew up ) .
Ken Griffey Jr. is revered as Seattle 's first baseball star , but he did once ask to be traded .
Ichiro is adored , an icon for this decade , but he did n't suffer through the dark years of the late ' 80s and early '90s when the team nearly left Seattle and the Kingdome was literally falling apart .
Edgar ?
He was there for Jeff Smulyan and Bill Plummer .
He was there when Kevin Mitchell threw up and had to go on the disabled list .
He was there for the miracle playoff run in ' 95 ( the team 's MVP that season , he played every game and led the league in batting average , runs , doubles , on - base percentage and OPS ) and the record - setting 116 wins in 2001 .
Edgar , it seems , was always there -- he was one of us , suffering through Bobby Ayala 's blown saves but delivering the big hits -- most notably the 11th - inning double that scored Joey Cora and Griffey to beat the Yankees in the ' 95 playoffs .
All that hit did was help keep the Mariners in Seattle .
( Many forget that the game before he had one of the greatest single - game playoff performances ever : 3 - for - 4 with a walk , a three - run homer and an eighth - inning grand slam off John Wetteland as the Mariners rallied from a 5 - 0 deficit . )
So while I may be thus naturally inclined to be biased in favor of Edgar , I will present only facts , statistics and analysis .
Before we dig into the numbers , let 's also make a perhaps obvious statement :
The basic premise of the Hall of Fame is to enshrine the game 's best players .
Who are the game 's best players ?
Those who help their teams win games more than other players .
It gets complicated from here , of course .
Some players are excellent for a short period ; others are merely very good but have longer careers .
Some voters only vote for " inner circle " Hall of Famers ( Hank Aaron , Willie Mays , Greg Maddux , Derek Jeter ) even though the Hall of Fame is clearly not just about inner-circle guys .
There are , I suppose , four primary arguments against Edgar 's Hall of Fame case :
1 . He was only a designated hitter .
2 . His career was too short .
3 . His statistics are n't good enough .
4 . He was n't famous enough .
Let 's take these , one by one , examine them , expose their flaws , deconstruct their weaknesses and in the process extol the greatness of Edgar Martinez .
He was only a designated hitter
Yes , Edgar spent the vast majority of his career as a DH : 68.7 percent of his career games were played as a DH , and it 's true that no player who played the majority of his games as a designated hitter has been elected to the Hall of Fame .
However , we must consider the circumstances of team and era .
Edgar was not moved to DH because he was a bad fielder .
In fact , according to the fielding ratings calculated at baseball - reference.com , Edgar was actually an above - average third baseman ( plus - 17.7 runs saved over the 563 games he played third base ) .
He tore his hamstring running the bases in a 1993 exhibition game in Canada and became a full - time DH in 1995 , when the Mariners had Mike Blowers to play third base and Tino Martinez at first base .
At that point , it made sense to preserve Edgar 's health .
But as former Mariners manager Bob Melvin said when Edgar announced his retirement in 2004 , if Edgar had played on a National League team , " The way he hits , believe me , Edgar would have been playing out on the field somewhere . "
But here 's an even more important point :
In 2004 , the same voters who will be voting for Edgar Martinez voted Paul Molitor into the Hall of Fame .
Molitor played more than 1,000 games at DH and made the Hall of Fame in large part because he surpassed the 3,000 - hit barrier .
If Molitor had finished with 2,900 hits , his Hall of Fame case becomes much more debatable .
The DH role certainly helped extend his career ( he spent his final eight seasons as a DH ) .
Ergo , without those 1,000 games played as a DH , it 's likely that Paul Molitor would not be in Cooperstown .
Thus , if a voter voted for Molitor , the rationale of not voting for Edgar because he 's a DH does n't wash .
Molitor himself said as much in 2004 , telling The Associated Press : " I think the writers have spoken in my case , and they will again in the future .
They 're not going to hold it against you .
It 's part of the game and should be included as such . "
There 's also this : Molitor was a fantastic hitter ; as good as he was -- with a .306 lifetime average -- he was n't in the same class as Edgar .
While both topped a .320 average seven times , Edgar got on base more and hit for more power .
Molitor ranked in the top 10 in his league four times in OPS ( sixth or higher just once ) while Edgar ranked in the top 10 eight times ( sixth or higher seven times ) .
This point here is n't to say Molitor is n't a worthy Hall of Famer ( he is ) .
The point is the Hall of Fame has elected a player who likely would n't be there if not for his years as a DH .
Maybe you want to suggest that Martinez was still more of a specialist than Molitor ( who was also a great baserunner ) ?
But if we start applying the term " specialist , " do n't we have to look at relief pitchers ?
In recent years , the same voters who will be voting for Martinez elected Bruce Sutter and Goose Gossage , two relief pitchers ( plus Dennis Eckersley , who was elected largely on his years as a closer ) .
His career was too short
Martinez played 2,055 games , which would be a fairly low total for a Hall of Fame player .
But hardly unprecedented .
The odd thing is n't that Edgar had a short career ; he played until he was 41 and was still an All - Star at 40 .
The idea that he was injury - prone simply is n't accurate ; he had the hamstring injury in 1993 that wiped out most of his season and bothered him in 1994 , and another lengthy DL stint in 2002 , but those were the only instances in which he spent time on the disabled list .
The reason for Edgar 's low games total is that he did n't play a full season for the first time until he was 27 years old .
Allow a short history of Edgar 's career path here .
He did n't play his first minor league season until he was 20 ( he hit .173 in the Northwest League and nearly saw his career end right then ) .
From there , Edgar first established himself as a major league - caliber player in 1987 , when he hit .329 at Triple - A .
The Mariners had a third baseman named Jim Presley , who had been an All - Star in 1985 and was n't any good , but Edgar returned to Calgary in 1988 and hit .363 ; meanwhile , Presley hit .230 with a miserable .280 on - base percentage .
Nevertheless , the Mariners again opened with Presley as their third baseman in 1989 .
( This helps explain why the Mariners never had a winning season until 1991 . )
Edgar continued to rake at Calgary -- .345 -- and was finally called up on a semi-regular basis .
The Mariners finally dumped Presley after the season and in 1990 gave Martinez the job .
He hit .302 and ranked third in the AL in on - base percentage .
Two years later , he won his first batting championship .
“ He was one of the most feared right - handed hitters for a long time in this league .
The amount of respect he has from peers speaks to the value of the offensive player he was .
” -- Hall of Famer Paul Molitor
on Edgar Martinez
Now , as for those 2,055 games .
As mentioned , it is not an unprecedented total for a Hall of Famer .
Just last year the same voters who will be voting for Edgar elected Jim Rice , who played 2,089 games ( 530 as a DH , by the way ) .
In 2005 , the voters elected Ryne Sandberg , who played 2,164 games .
In 2001 , the voters elected Kirby Puckett , who played 1,783 games .
And speaking of those specialists -- Gossage pitched forever , lasting eight seasons beyond his last good year as a closer , facing 7,506 batters in his career -- and yet faced fewer batters than Edgar had plate appearances ( 8,672 ) .
Plus , Gossage 's reign as a dominant closer was only 10 seasons ( 1975 through 1985 , excepting 1976 , when he started not very successfully ) .
Edgar had 13 awesome / excellent seasons as a hitter .
Sutter is even more extreme :
He only faced 4,251 batters , his entire career was just 12 seasons and he was n't good in four of those , so he was elected on eight seasons of quality play as a specialist .
So the way I read it is this : Saying Edgar Martinez 's career was n't long enough deviates directly from the voting philosophies we 've witnessed recently .
Anyway , those are just some of the recent guys .
Hall of Famers with fewer than 150 more games than Edgar include ( besides Rice and Sandberg ) Yogi Berra , Joe Cronin , Orlando Cepeda , Duke Snider , Johnny Bench and Pee Wee Reese .
Hall of Famers with fewer games played than Edgar include George Sisler , Joe Medwick , Pie Traynor , Johnny Mize , Bobby Doerr , Puckett , Bill Terry , Phil Rizzuto and many , many others .
His statistics are n't good enough
By " statistics are n't good enough , " we 're really referring to three ( or four ) numbers :
He hit 309 home runs , had 2,247 hits , drove in 1,261 runs and scored 1,219 runs .
Many voters do n't get beyond those " counting " statistics and , admittedly , those are n't terrific numbers for a player who made his living as a hitter in a high - offense era .
( Keep in mind that his hit total is impacted by the fact that he drew so many walks . )
That said , if you dig deeper into the numbers , the results are clear , obvious and irrefutable : Edgar Martinez is one of the best , most productive hitters the game has ever seen .
Ask yourself this :
What is the objective of a hitter ?
The answer is not " get hits . "
Although Edgar was terrific at that , with a lifetime average of .312 , two batting championships and seven seasons hitting above .320 ; since World War II , only eight right - handed hitters have had as many as six .320 seasons : Albert Pujols and Hank Aaron ( eight each ) ; Roberto Clemente , Molitor , Edgar , Manny Ramirez and Derek Jeter ( seven ) ; and Vlad Guerrero ( six ) .
Pretty good company .
OK , batting average is nice , but the objective of a hitter is to help his team score runs .
He does this two ways :
A. Getting on base ( not making outs ) .
B. Hitting for power ( home runs and doubles are better than singles ) .
This is where we see the true greatness of Edgar Martinez .
The easiest / best stat we have that combines the ability to get on base ( on - base percentage ) and power ( slugging percentage ) is OPS ( on - base + slugging ) .
OPS + takes a player 's OPS and adjusts it for era and home ballpark , so we can compare Edgar Martinez in 1995 to Reggie Jackson in 1972 to Joe DiMaggio in 1939 and so on .
This way , Edgar gets no " advantage " for playing in a high - offense era or playing in the Kingdome .
An OPS + of 150 is a monster season .
Only five major league hitters in 2009 had an OPS + of 150 or higher : Pujols , Joe Mauer , Prince Fielder , Adrian Gonzalez and Joey Votto .
In 2008 , there were six .
Some years , it 's a little higher .
There were 13 such guys in 1999 .
In 1995 , when Edgar had the best OPS + in the majors ( better than Mike Piazza , Barry Bonds , Jeff Bagwell , Jim Thome and Albert Belle ) , there were eight .
In 1989 , Edgar 's rookie season , there were eight .
In 1969 , there were 13 .
In 1959 , seven .
Anyway , in any given year , not many hitters reach an OPS + of 150 .
Anyway , Edgar Martinez reached 150 or better eight times trust me , that 's an amazing total .
Only 24 players have done it that many times , and the other 23 are inner-circle Hall of Famers ( Aaron , Babe Ruth , Mickey Mantle and Mike Schmidt ) or will be ( Pujols and Thome ) or should be ( Ruth and Ramirez ) , with the exception of Dick Allen .
The best way to show how many great seasons Edgar had is to list some of the hitters with fewer than eight 150 OPS + seasons :
Alex Rodriguez ( 7 )
Reggie Jackson ( 7 )
Willie McCovey ( 7 )
Eddie Mathews ( 7 )
Mark McGwire ( 6 )
Willie Stargell ( 6 )
Harmon Killebrew ( 6 )
Mike Piazza ( 5 )
Ken Griffey Jr. ( 5 )
Eddie Murray ( 4 )
George Brett ( 4 )
Dave Winfield ( 4 )
Joe Morgan ( 4 )
Carl Yastrzemski ( 4 )
Duke Snider ( 4 )
Ralph Kiner ( 4 )
Todd Helton ( 4 )
Rod Carew ( 3 )
Roberto Clemente ( 3 )
David Ortiz ( 3 )
Al Simmons ( 3 )
Tony Gwynn ( 2 )
Jim Rice ( 2 )
Ernie Banks ( 2 )
Johnny Bench ( 1 )
Cal Ripken ( 1 )
Kirby Puckett ( 1 )
Paul Molitor ( 1 )
Ryne Sandberg ( 0 )
Comparing one player to another is n't always the best way to make a Hall of Fame argument ( you can always pick and choose anybody favorable to your point ) , but I 'm going to do it anyway , focusing on comparing Edgar to some recent inductees .
I believe this is important because these are the players the voters have been putting in .
It 's a way to digest recent voting patterns .
First , Jim Rice , who made it in last year .
Now , Rice is n't the strongest of Hall of Fame candidates ; after all , it took him a long time to get in .
Nevertheless , 76.4 percent of the voters put him on their ballots last year , just above the 75 percent threshold needed for election .
As we mentioned earlier , his career length was essentially the same as Edgar's .
But -- and let me try to put this delicately , because Jim Rice was a very , very good hitter and was feared and hit the ball a country mile -- Edgar Martinez is just a far , far superior hitter and was a superior hitter for more seasons .
Seasons with an OPS + of 150 or higher
Rice : 2
Martinez : 8
CAREER STATS
GM 2055
HR309
RBI1261
H2247
OBP.418
AVG .312
Seasons with an OPS + of 130 or higher
Rice : 6
Martinez : 12
Seasons in the top 10 in his league in OPS +
Rice : 5
Martinez : 9
Career average per 162 games
Rice : 30 HR , 113 RBI , 97 runs , .298/.352/.502 , 128 OPS +
Martinez : 24 HR , 99 RBI , 96 runs , .312/.418/.515 , 147 OPS +
Martinez was better ; that 's a statement of fact ; and nobody voted for Rice because of his glove .
The main differences between the two are that Edgar drew many more walks ( more than twice Rice 's career total ) and Rice had a huge advantage from Fenway Park that distorts his actual value ( he hit .320/374/.546 at home , .277/.330/.459 on the road over his career ; Edgar hit .311/.423/.517 at home , .312/.412/.514 on the road ) .
Since 1901 , among hitters with 7,000 plate appearances , Edgar has the 26th best lifetime OPS +.
The players just above and below him are guys like Frank Robinson , Honus Wagner , Alex Rodriguez , Mike Schmidt , Willie Stargell and Willie McCovey .
Rice is 93rd , next to players like John Olerud , Kent Hrbek , Keith Hernandez , Joe Torre and Jimmy Wynn .
Like I said , maybe Rice is n't the strongest comparison to make .
Let 's do Tony Gwynn , who was elected in 2007 .
Everybody says Tony Gwynn is a Hall of Famer : over 3,000 hits , eight batting titles , Van Gogh with the bat and all that .
Gwynn is 73rd in OPS +.
He ranked in the top 10 in his league in OPS + seven times ( compared to Edgar 's nine ) .
He had 13 seasons of a 120 OPS + ; Edgar also had 13 .
Edgar got on base more -- his lifetime OBP is .418 , a total Gwynn surpassed just twice -- and hit for more power ; there 's a reason Edgar -- despite his lack of speed -- scored 100 runs five times , while Gwynn did it only twice .
This is n't to suggest Edgar was a better all - around player than Gwynn ( who was an excellent fielder in the first half of his career ) , but if you can match up and even surpass Tony Gwynn 's productivity , you have a pretty good Hall of Fame case .
We mentioned Molitor , a 2004 inductee .
Edgar had eight 150 OPS + seasons to Molitor 's one .
The writers elected Tony Perez in 2000 .
Perez was primarily a first baseman and was n't a Gold Glover , so he made it on the strength of his bat , or really , his 1,652 RBIs .
He hit .279 , had a career OBP of .341 and a slugging percentage of .463 .
He had an OPS + of 150 twice and above 130 just one other time .
Even if you like 100 - RBI seasons , Perez had seven , Edgar six .
It 's not close .
But the writers -- mostly the same writers who will be voting for Edgar Martinez -- voted Perez in this decade .
The point is this : Edgar Martinez was a beast at the plate , one of the absolute best in the game for eight seasons .
He was excellent in five other seasons .
That 's 13 seasons of terrific value as a hitter .
How many Hall of Famers can point to 13 years of excellence ?
Yes , Edgar got shafted when he was coming up in the Mariners ' minor league system , and he did n't pad his counting stats by hanging on for a few extra years .
But 13 seasons ?
It 's a Hall of Fame - quality career .
He was n't famous enough
Well , I do n't really have much of a defense here .
But why did Jim Rice 's support increase while Don Mattingly 's support fell ?
Why does Steve Garvey -- one of the biggest names in the game while active -- need to buy a ticket if he goes to Cooperstown ?
Dwight Gooden ?
Fernando Valenzuela ?
Famous , but not Hall of Famers .
Fame itself is n't a reason to vote for a guy , although there 's no doubt it comes into play against a player ( just ask Tim Raines ) .
I do think there 's a dynamic that comes into play here .
Edgar played most of his career before interleague games and was n't a household name ( despite being a seven - time All - Star and two - time batting champ ) .
How many of the 500 - plus writers who vote ever saw him play ?
Assuming half of them are or were " National League guys , " and a good chunk of them are or were columnists or editors who rarely actually attended games , and a few more probably stopped covering baseball before Edgar 's career even began well , I 'd venture there 's a good chance that close to half of the writers who will vote this month never saw him play in person .
As Jayson Stark wrote , " That 's Edgar -- the offensive machine America just plain forgot . "
So maybe the numbers wo n't mean anything to a lot of the voters .
Maybe they 've forgotten them .
Maybe OPS + is just a newfangled stat that wo n't register ( although you would hope .312 would ) .
A lot of voters will see " Edgar Martinez " on the ballot and skip right past him .
But if you do n't like the numbers and think I 've dug too deep to make his case , I go back to what Sports Illustrated 's Tom Verducci wrote when Edgar retired :
" He 's borderline in my early book , but deserves strong consideration if only because his peers held him in high esteem as a master of his craft .
Such regard is more persuasive than his raw numbers . "
Paul Molitor was one of those peers .
" He was one of the most feared right - handed hitters for a long time in this league , " Molitor said in 2004 .
" The amount of respect he has from peers speaks to the value of the offensive player he was . "
That 's Hall of Fame value .
David Schoenfield is a senior editor for ESPN.com .
Among the most prophetic voices prior to the economic crash was UCLA economics professor Harold H. Somers , who warned in 1991 that revisions to the tax code would increase leverage , which could lead to economic disaster :
The result is to tilt the well - worn playing field even more in favor of leveraging , leading to the possibility of another leverage frenzy and debacle at some time in the future .
Professor Sommers explained :
The complete history of the causes of the junk bond debacle of 1989 and 1990 is yet to be written .
But the tax incentive must have a prominent place in any comprehensive work .
This comment applies to long - term debt where the interest deduction can be a major factor ; short - term debt may be dominated by other considerations .
What is involved is essentially the shield against income tax that is provided by corporate debt compared with the shields that are provided for equity by the income tax rules …
Former President of the St. Louis Federal reserve Bank – William Poole – agrees in a new paper :
A straightforward fix for excessive leverage can be achieved through the tax system .
Companies borrow , in part , because they believe that debt capital is cheaper than equity capital .
That is certainly the case under the U.S. corporate tax system because interest is a deductible business expense in calculating income subject to tax whereas dividends are not deductible .
Excessive leverage is highly destabilizing to the financial system ( see this , for example ) .
If a simple fix to the tax code could substantially reduce leverage , I ’m all for it .
Poole recommends the gradual phasing - in of changes to the tax code to reduce leverage :
Wildlife campaigners have made " a deal with the devil " in a bid to save the orang - utan from being driven into extinction .
They have teamed up with the palm - oil industry , widely condemned by conservationists for causing devastation to orang - utans .
But palm - oil companies and the Sabah state government in Borneo have agreed to a project to create wildlife corridors that will link forest areas and create a network of safe havens .
They signed up to the pilot scheme last month in Kota Kinabalu , Borneo , and will meet again this month in London to try to agree final details .
There are hopes the project can be expanded .
Dr Marc Ancrenaz , director of the Kinabatangan Orang - utan Conservation Project , agreed the alliance between conservationists and the palm oil industry was like a pact with the devil but said the green lobby had to be pragmatic in its hopes of saving the red ape .
" The oil - palm industry is going to stay , " he said .
" There 's no point in fighting development .
We need to look for a solution together to save the orang - utan .
By recreating 100 m - wide corridors of forest along major rivers we will provide contiguous corridors of natural habitat to link isolated orang - utan populations .
The oil - palm industry has to be part of our conservation efforts if we want to succeed , since the major orang - utan populations in Sabah are fragmented by oil - palm estates . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The meeting in London has been organised by the World Land Trust ( WLT ) , which is anxious to keep all sides talking .
Mary Tibbet , of the WLT , said : " It 's important to get everyone to the table .
The palm - oil industry has been vilified but there could be a mechanism in which they are engaged in the conservation of orang - utans . . "
Orang - utans live only in Borneo and Sumatra but have been pushed back into ever - smaller areas of their rainforest habitat largely because of intensive logging and agriculture .
In the past century , orang - utan numbers in Borneo and Sumatra have slumped by more than 75 per cent , and in Sabah they have crashed up to 90 per cent in 200 years .
But Sabah remains a stronghold for the animal , with more than 11,000 orang - utans living there , a fifth of the total estimated wild population .
The palm - oil industry has expanded rapidly over 20 years , encroaching heavily on the forests where orang - utans live , in response to increasing demand from western countries for palm - oil in cooking and in biofuels .
Malaysia is the world 's biggest producer of palm oil , the country 's third - biggest export , worth £ 11.5 bn last year .
Without the corridors , the animals , which dislike travelling either on the ground or through crop plantations , are trapped in small areas of forest .
These fragments support only a handful of the apes and in the long term they would die out because the gene pool is too small to be biologically viable .
The World Bank has stopped lending money to the palm - oil industry amid concerns about the impacts of plantation expansion on local people and the effects of deforestation on orang - utans and other wildlife .
Companies such as Lush cosmetics and Cadbury New Zealand have stopped using palm - oil because of environmental concerns .
For years a certain strain of conservative thought has held that there was one sure hedge against economic depression , civil disorder and liberal rule -- gold .
Now that belief has led to a kind of harmonic convergence between ideology and commerce .
Right - wing talkers go for the gold
For years a certain strain of conservative thought has held that there was one sure hedge against economic depression , civil disorder and liberal rule – gold .
Now that belief has led to a kind of harmonic convergence between ideology and commerce .
Anyone tuning in to conservative talk radio or Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly and Glenn Beck shows is bombarded by commercials for gold , mainly in the form of collectible coins , with announcers intoning that inflation and deficits caused by big government spending are devaluing the dollar and making gold the best investment money can buy .
Advertisement
The dire tone sounded in the ads often echo the occasionally apocalyptic economic forecasts of the shows ’ hosts , many of whom have endorsement contracts with the gold retailers , appear in their ads , or have had their executives as guests to trash the economic course set by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats , and to preach the attractions of gold .
“ There ’s a natural synergy between conservative talk radio listeners and gold , ” said Michael Smerconish , a Philadelphia - based conservative - leaning talk show host who signed a deal to endorse Goldline International , a Santa Monica , Calif . - based retailer when his show entered syndication in January .
And it ’s become an increasingly profitable synergy for everyone involved - the retailers , the networks and an array of hosts including O’Reilly and Beck , as well as radio talkers Mark Levin , Michael Savage , Laura Ingraham , Dennis Miller , Fred Thompson and G. Gordon Liddy .
This year , Goldline boasted it had become “ the exclusive gold and precious metals company ” of both Levin ’s show and the one hosted by Thompson .
Other Goldline endorsers include Beck , Ingraham , Miller and Lars Larson .
The stable of pitchmen at Rosland includes O’Reilly and fellow Fox News host Brian Kilmeade , Judge - turned - talker Andrew Napolitano and Liddy , among others .
Since they all appear to view the future of the U.S. economy under Obama as at best doubtful and at worst on the verge of catastrophe , there is little difference between the views they express during their shows and the endorsing they do during commercial breaks .
Pitching for gold retailer Rosland Capital , O’Reilly declares the dollar “ under attack at home , from a Fed that ’s printing paper money like it has no value , and from China , whose actions are tipping the balance of the global currency system away from the U.S. dollar ”
Beck , who has taken to comparing the state of the U.S. economy to that of modern day Zimbabwe or pre-Hitler Germany , has been urging his viewers to invest in gold , and bragging about his own gold investments since at least last year .
“ I know that you ’ve been listening and watching my shows , ” he said in a promo incorporated into a “ Beck talks ” video on his website .
“ If you ’ve been watching for any length of time , and you still have n’t looked into buying gold , what ’s wrong with you ?
I was going to say ‘ are you just a reporter for the New York Times ? ’ but I do n’t think they actually watch .
They just write about it .
“ I think you ’re nuts .
When the system eventually collapses , and the government comes with guns and confiscates , you know , everything in your home and all your possessions , and then you fight off the raving mad cannibalistic crowds that Ted Turner talked about , do n’t come crying to me .
I told you : get gold . ”
But Beck has recently come under fire from liberals alleging a conflict of interest .
The criticism spiked after he used one of his trademark blackboard illustrations to provide tips for weathering “ the three scenarios that we could be facing : recession , depression or collapse . ”
In the case of a total collapse of the economic system , he recommended that his viewers construct “ fruit cellars ” and rely on what he called “ the three G system .
It ’s God , gold and guns . ”
The Democrat - aligned watchdog group Media Matters asserted the segment was a “ reward ” to his gold advertisers , while liberal MSNBC host Keith Olbermann charged that Beck is “ in it for the money .
He keeps trying to sell people gold , largely because a disproportionate number of his advertisers sell people gold . ”
Peter Epstein , president of Merit Financial Services , which advertises on Beck ’s show , says gold retailers expect favorable coverage from commentators on whose shows they pay to advertise .
“ You pay anybody on any network and they say what you pay them to say , ” said Epstein .
“ They ’re bought and sold . ”
Beck , who through a publicist declined to comment for this story , addressed the Media Matters allegation on his Thursday show , saying “ So , I should n’t make money ? ”
And he made the point that he touted gold before he became a Goldline endorser , and urges viewers to study and pray before investing in it .
In fact , most of the gold ads in heavy circulation urge consumers to do careful research before investing in it and to consider it as only part of a diversified portfolio .
But the ads and many of the shows on which they air also play on , and feed , deep - seated conservative fears that reckless government monetary policy could render the dollar worthless , leaving gold as the only valid currency of the realm , and potentially enticing the U.S. government to seize most private gold supplies as President Franklin Delano Roosevelt did in 1933 .
“ It used to be that the right had an affinity for gold because gold was the money of the British Empire and the British Empire was the strongest empire in the world , and conservatives in the old days identified with people in authority , the people who were more upper class , ” said Michael Kazin , a Georgetown University history professor whose biography of William Jennings Bryan details the early debate over whether the U.S. should remain on the gold standard .
When Roosevelt took the country off the gold standard , Kazin said conservatives began embracing gold in a more populist way – as something “ not subject to the whims or the depredations of government or central banks , which are seen by ( populists ) on the right and the left as involved in conspiracies to help their friends . ”
As Smerconish put it to POLITICO , “ Those who are most concerned about government growth are increasingly dubious about the value of a dollar and look at gold as something they can see , feel , touch , appreciate . ”
Financial analysts , investment advisors and precious metal experts warn that the collectibles market can be among the riskiest ways to invest in gold , and some blame aggressive advertising and the boosterism on conservative shows for helping push nervous investors into bad deals .
“ This rich advertising campaign that has sprung up in the last year has almost politicized gold and certainly has estranged it from what gold investing is all about , ” said Jon Nadler , a prominent Montreal - based gold analyst for the precious metals dealer Kitco .
Nadler – who says gold can be a very effective “ asset allocation device , saving vehicle and long - term prudent insurance position ” – fled communist Romania in 1972 with gold ducat coins hidden in his clothing , later using the coins to help pay for his son ’s Ivy League education .
But anyone interested in buying gold primarily as an investment vehicle would be wise to avoid many of the big- advertising American gold coin retailers , because they typically sell coins for many times the value of the gold they contain , according to Nadler and Dennis Gartman , editor of an eponymous financial news service .
Nadler ’s firm , which does not advertise on U.S. television , sells bullion that it can either store for , or send to , consumers , while Gartman recommended investors buy the gold traded fund on the New York Stock Exchange , which invests in physical bullion – but does not provide it to buyers – and is intended to track the price of gold .
Other funds invest in gold mining and production companies , and gold - intensive manufacturing .
Gartman said that many of the coin - selling firms that have increased their television advertising this year as the price of gold has soared ( which stood near a record $ 1,200 - an - ounce at the end of last week ) , have a markup “ so egregiously high the only thing you can call them is shysters . ”
Goldline , whose representatives did not respond to several interview requests , advertises on CNN , as have some of its competitors .
The market for gold transcends political ideology , according to conservative radio talker Mark Levin , another Goldline endorser .
“ I do n’t think only conservatives want to diversify , ” Levin told POLITICO .
“ With the spending and the deficits and so forth , diversification is a smart thing , if it ’s done wisely . ”
But the retailers have nearly saturated some Fox shows , particularly Beck ’s ratings juggernaut , which this summer maintained a handful of gold advertisers – including Goldline , Rosland Capital , Superior Gold Group and Merit Financial – even as dozens of other advertisers joined a boycott after Beck called Obama “ a racist . ”
“ I could care less what people think of him , ” Merit ’s Epstein said of Beck .
“ We advertise on Fox because it makes the phone ring . ”
Though Epstein ’s firm has advertised on CNN , he said gold resonates more with Fox ’s viewers “ because it ’s the angry white man audience - it ’s the conservative audience . …
They are distrustful of the government , of the regime . ”
Bill Haynes , president of CMI Gold & Silver , a Phoenix - based precious metal dealer believes prominent endorsers “ are absolutely doing a disservice to their viewers , listeners , fans and supporters .
There ’s a little bit of paranoia in all of us who like gold – a lot of paranoia in some people , a little bit in all of us – and they pander to people who are really afraid . ”
The Ripoff Report , a controversial website on which consumers can file anonymous posts alleging mistreatment at the hands of businesses , contains dozens of complaints filed since the beginning of last year against a handful of gold retailers alleging deceptively high premiums and misleading marketing techniques , some of which have prompted rebuttals from the companies themselves .
In one such complaint , Mary Sisak of New Castle , Pa. , wrote in August that she contacted Goldline because she saw a television ad featuring Beck , and online endorsements from Levin and Thompson .
After spending $ 5,000 on Swiss Francs , Mary said she learned she could have purchased the same number of coins for $ 1,600 less .
“ How could I be mislead by Glenn Beck , Fred Thompson and Marvin [ sic ] Levin ? " she wrote .
WASHINGTON (
The Street
) --
Regulators shut down four banks and three thrifts Friday , bringing the total number of failed institutions this year to 140 .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation failed to find buyers for three of the failed institutions , all of which had relatively small amounts of uninsured deposits , meaning that some depositors would take losses .
TheStreet.com Ratings
had previously assigned financial strengths ratings of E ( Very Weak ) or lower to all of the failed institutions except for
Independent Bankers Bank
of Springfield , Ill. , which had been rated a D ( Weak ) .
The largest failure was
First Federal Bank of California
of Santa Monica , which had $ 6.1 billion in total assets and $ 4.5 billion in deposits when it was shuttered by the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) , following seven quarters of large losses on residential mortgages , with negative amortization on option - payment adjustable - rate mortgages contributing a significant portion of the losses .
The FDIC was appointed receiver and arranged for
OneWest Bank
of Pasadena , Calif. to take over First Federal , paying no premium for the deposits .
The FDIC agreed to share in losses on $ 5.3 billion of the acquired assets and estimated the cost of the failure to its deposit insurance fund would be $ 146 million .
First Federal Bank 's 39 offices were set to reopen during normal business hours Saturday as OneWest branches .
This is the second major acquisition for OneWest Bank , which was newly - organized in March by an investor group led by Steven Mnuchin before purchasing the remnants of
IndyMac Bank
from the FDIC .
Other Failures
RockBridge Commercial Bank
Georgia regulators closed
RockBridge Commercial Bank
of Atlanta , which had $ 294 million in assets and total deposits of $ 292 million .
The FDIC was appointed receiver , and since a buyer could not be found for the failed institution 's deposits , the agency announced that the RockBridge 's insured deposits would be paid out , with checks mailed on Monday to retail depositors .
Customers with deposits made through brokers will need to contact their brokers , who will be paid directly by the FDIC .
The agency estimated that there were $ 2.1 million in deposits that were over insurance limits .
When a bank or thrift fails and uninsured deposits are not acquired , any payouts of uninsured deposits to customers are called dividends .
The FDIC receivership may pay an immediate dividend on uninsured deposits , which is called an " advance dividend , " and other dividends may be paid as the receivership disposes of the failed institution 's assets .
In this case , no advance dividend was announced .
The FDIC estimated the cost of RockBridge Commercial Bank 's failure to the deposit insurance fund would be $ 124 million .
Peoples First Community Bank
The OTS took over
Peoples First Community Bank
, Panama City , Fla. , and appointed the FDIC receiver .
The FDIC sold the failed bank 's total deposits of $ 1.7 billion to
Hancock Bank
of Gulfport , Miss. for a one percent premium .
Hancock Bank also took on $ 1.4 billion of Peoples First Community 's $ 1.8 billion in assets , with the FDIC agreeing to share in losses on the acquired assets .
The 29 Peoples First Community branches were scheduled to reopen during normal business hours Saturday or Monday , as branches of Hancock Bank .
Hancock Bank is the main subsidiary of
Hancock Holding Co .
( HBHC )
.
Citizens State Bank
The Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation shut down
Citizens State Bank
of New Baltimore .
The FDIC could n't find a buyer for the failed bank 's deposits and announced the creation of
The Deposit Insurance National Bank of New Baltimore
, which would remain open for about 45 days so that Citizen State 's insured depositors could move their accounts to other institutions , except for CD and IRA accounts .
Customers with these types of accounts were to be mailed checks for their insured balances .
The FDIC estimated that approximately $ 803 thousand in insured deposits " potentially " exceeded insurance limits .
The cost of the failure to the deposit insurance fund was estimated to be $ 76.6 million .
New South Federal Savings
The OTS closed
New South Federal Savings Bank
of Irondale , Ala .
The FDIC was appointed receiver and arranged for
Beal Bank
of Plano , Texas , to take over the failed thrift 's $ 1.2 billion in deposits and $ 1.5 billion in assets .
New South 's office was scheduled to reopen Monday as a Beal Bank branch and the FDIC estimated the cost of the failure to its insurance fund would be $ 212 million .
Independent Bankers Bank
Illinois regulators closed
Independent Bankers ' Bank
of Springfield , an institution that did n't take deposits from the public , instead focusing on providing various services to other banks , including the sale of loan participations .
Before it was shut down by regulators , the management of Independent Bankers '
Bank was trying to sell the institution .
The FDIC formed a " bridge bank " to take over the failed bank 's operations and continue providing service to its roughly 450 bank customers , " to allow preexisting marketing efforts for the bank to continue . "
The agency estimated the cost to the insurance fund would be $ 68.4 million .
Imperial Capital Bank
The California Department of Financial Institutions shut down
Imperial Capital Bank
of La Jolla , which has $ 2.8 billion in deposits and $ 4 billion in total assets .
The FDIC sold all of the failed bank 's deposits for a small premium to City National Bank of Los Angeles , the main subsidiary of
City National Corp .
( CYN )
. City National also agreed to acquire $ 3.3 billion of the Imperial Capital 's assets , with the FDIC sharing in losses on $ 2.5 billion .
Imperial Capital 's nine branches were scheduled to reopen Monday as City National branches and the FDIC estimated the cost to its insurance fund would be $ 619 million .
Ongoing Bank Failure Coverage
All previous bank and thrift failures for 2008 and 2009 are detailed in
The Street.com's
interactive bank failure map :
The bank failure map is color - coded , with states having the greatest number of failures highlighted in red , and states with no failures in grey .
By hovering your mouse over a state you can see the combined 2008 - 2009 totals for each state .
Then click the state top open a detailed map with pinpointing the locations and providing additional information for each bank failure .
While there have been bank and thrift failures in 34 states during 2008 and 2009 , four states have combined for more than half of that total :
Georgia
leads all states with 30 bank or thrift failures during 2008 and 2009 , followed by
Illinois
and
California
with 22 each , and
Florida
with 16 failures .
Large holding companies acquiring failed institutions during 2008 and 2009 have included
J.P. Morgan Chase
( JPM ) - Get Report
, which acquired Washington Mutual , the largest - ever bank or thrift to fail in the U.S ;
U.S. Bancorp
( USB ) - Get Report
;
SunTrust Banks
( STI ) - Get Report
;
Regions Financial
( RF ) - Get Report
;
Fifth Third Bancorp
( FITB ) - Get Report
;
Zions Bancorp
( ZION ) - Get Report
; and
PNC Financial
( PNC ) - Get Report
; and
BB&T
( BBT ) - Get Report
.
Free Financial Strength Ratings
The FDIC 's temporary increase of agency 's basic limit on individual deposit insurance coverage to $ 250,000 from $ 100,000 has been extended through 2013 .
The agency also temporarily waived all deposit insurance limits for business transaction accounts ( checking accounts ) .
This waiver is set to expire on June 30 , 2010 , after which business checking accounts will go back to the $ 100,000 deposit insurance limit .
It will be more important than ever for business and municipal entities such as school districts to carefully monitor the health of their banks .
It 's very easy to have more than $ 100,000 of somebody else 's money flowing through a business account .
TheStreet.com Ratings
issues independent and very conservative financial strength ratings on each of the nation 's 8,500 banks and savings and loans .
They are available at no charge on the
Banks & Thrifts Screener
.
In addition , the Financial Strength Ratings for 4,000 life , health , annuity , and property / casualty insurers are available on the
Insurers & HMOs Screener
.
TheStreet.com Ratings
also provides award - winning stock ratings , which are available on the
Stock Ratings Screener
.
TheStreet.com Ratings
was recently ranked the No. 1 independent stock selector during the market meltdown by BNY ConvergEx Group 's BNY Jaywalk .
--
Written by Philip van Doorn in Jupiter Fla .
Philip W. van Doorn joined TheStreet.com Ratings . , Inc. , in February 2007 .
He is the senior analyst responsible for assigning financial strength ratings to banks and savings and loan institutions .
He also comments on industry and regulatory trends .
Mr. van Doorn has fifteen years experience , having served as a loan operations officer at Riverside National Bank in Fort Pierce , Florida , and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York , where he monitored banks in New York , New Jersey and Puerto Rico .
Mr. van Doorn has additional experience in the mutual fund and computer software industries .
He holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration from Long Island University .
Wondering where you can buy a black unitard ?
What about a pink one ?
Aqua maybe ?
We Love Colors carries any color you can think of for dance - wear , tights and unitards !
We carry over 50 colors in fact , so the hunt for your color is ov ...
A japán kalandok folytatódnak
Nioh 2 Darkness in the Capital DLC bejelentés
Az idén a koronavírus miatt rendhagyó módon megrendezésre került Tokyo Game Show alkalmával számos érdekes bejelentésre került sor .
Többek között az idén március 12 - én megjelent Nioh 2 második DLC - jére is , amely a Darkness in the Capital alcímet …
Joel Garreau , an astute observer and interpreter of human nature and its interface with emerging technologies , has been appointed the Lincoln Professor of Law , Culture and Values at Arizona State University , according to Paul Schiff Berman , Dean of the Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law .
Garreau will direct a new enterprise at the College of Law , The Prevail Project : Wise Governance for Challenging Futures , and will be an Affiliated Faculty member in the ASU Consortium for Science , Policy & Outcomes ( CSPO ) .
His appointment is effective in January 2010 .
Download Full Image
" Joel Garreau is a true visionary , " Berman said .
" He will be a major addition to our Center for Law , Science , and Innovation , linking the extraordinary work in science law and policy being done here to the broader national and international policy audience .
His new think tank promises to be at the cutting edge of thought about how our humanity can be maintained amidst rapidly growing scientific innovation . "
Garreau is a former longtime editor and reporter at The Washington Post , principal of The Garreau Group , an extensive network of sources tasked with understanding world culture and values , and author of several books , including the provocative Radical Evolution : The Promise and Peril of Enhancing our Minds , Our Bodies -- And What it Means to be Human .
" I'm interested in understanding who we are , how we got that way and where we 're headed , and I 'm intrigued by ASU because it has a lot of people who are actively making the future , creating novel life forms and thinking about what this means to society , " Garreau said .
" ASU has the makers and it has the arm wavers , like me , and it has managed to break down the silos between the two , and that 's very unusual .
It does n't happen at Harvard , and it does n't happen at Berkeley . "
As director of The Prevail Project , Garreau will build upon a concept he introduced in Radical Evolution , which takes an unprecedented look at the hinge in history at which the human race has arrived .
In the past , technology was used to alter man 's environment , but for the first time , he explains , species - changing technologies are modifying people , their minds , metabolisms and children .
" The critical issue , of course , is not technology , but where all this takes society , " says Garreau , who provides three scenarios - Heaven , Hell and Prevail .
" In the Prevail scenario , what really matters - as always - is not how many transistors we get to talk to each other , but how many ornery , imaginative , unpredictable human beings we can bring together to arrive at surprising ways to co-evolve with our challenges , " he explains .
" Only in this bottom - up way will humans really control their destinies , rather than have them controlled by our creations . "
The Prevail Project is a collaborative effort to collect the early warning signs that such a future is perhaps on the horizon , Garreau says .
Peter French , Director of the ASU Lincoln Center for Applied Ethics , said Garreau is a outstanding writer with a stellar grasp of technology and an impressive network of contacts in the world of culture and values .
" The recent development of his book on radical science plays into the major research topics we are bursting in - military operations , national security and especially in the area of human enhancement , " French said .
" Joel has the opportunity to make that research available to a much broader community and to interface with the general public in a way that perhaps others might have some difficulty with . "
Garreau said he is looking forward to working with ASU faculty on the Lincoln Center - managed Consortium on Emerging Technologies , Military Operations and National Security .
It is exploring new weapons and means of fighting wars , including enhanced human and robotic soldiers , which could bring profound changes to all aspects of society and introduce ethical dilemmas that have n't been thought about yet .
Garreau and others will use the research to understand the broader implications of emerging technologies for military operations and national security .
" We 're asking questions about emerging technologies and their ethical and strategic problems - imagine if we had asked these questions in 1944 before we dropped the first nuclear bomb ? " he says .
" It 's great to see someone thinking this through . "
David Guston , CSPO 's Co-Director , and Director of the Center for Nanotechnology in Society at ASU , said Garreau will complement ongoing research there into the technical and social changes emerging technologies may bring .
Garreau 's ideas and connections also will likely steer the Consortium in new directions , Guston said .
" Joel provides another face to the activities that we have been developing in anticipatory governance of nanotechnology , an ensemble of techniques around foresight , engagement and integration , " Guston said .
" He has been collaborating with us in that regard for the past couple of years , and he is an important player in the field . "
Garreau 's intellectual network in the Washington , D.C. , where CSPO 's other office is headquartered , also will be a great asset for the Consortium , said Co- Director Daniel Sarewitz .
" CSPO is very much about understanding and governing technical and scientific change for the benefit of society , " Sarewitz said .
" Joel will be helping us to develop a capacity to more usefully think about the social implications of emerging technologies - he has amazing talents in these areas . "
The Center for Inquiry / Kenya started 2009 on a high note , organizing the celebration of the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin ’s birth on February 12 , 2009 , in collaboration with the Anthropology department at the University of Nairobi .
Many themes were discussed about the progress of science during the celebration .
The Center will continue organizing this event every year and will include many learning institutions and organizations , for events like this are the best way the Center can spearhead public understanding of science in the republic .
Support our anti-superstition campaign in Africa by making a tax - deductible donation today .
February 17 –19 , CFI / Kenya organized a series of lectures and a workshop when Leo Igwe of the Center for Inquiry / Nigeria visited .
Here , we engaged students at the University of Nairobi and Kenya Polytechnic with a talk on the dangers of superstitious beliefs .
Leo also met with humanist leaders in Kenya and discussed the future of humanism in Africa .
Students appreciated Leo ’s enthusiasm and asked the Center to continually invite speakers to enlighten them with topics provoking their skepticism .
The Center will continue inviting speakers through the help of Norm Allen Jr. , transnational director at the Center for Inquiry / Transnational .
Afterward , in April , I embarked on strengthening the on campus movement by traveling to Maseno University and Kenyatta University .
I met members of their student groups to discuss ways through which the movement can be strengthened and attract wider membership .
There is a lot of potential for the on campus groups because students are known for being positive and flexible to new ideas .
Most welcomed the ideals of secular humanism and believe it is the only means of liberating them from the many obstacles faced in a third - world republic like Kenya .
We at CFI / Kenya have considered many ways to actively motivate the movement onwards , like starting essay - writing competitions and organizing debating competitions with other learning institutions .
Suddenly unreason and superstition started springing up in full force in some parts of Kenya and in other republics of Africa .
The most publicized case , which made headlines in both the local and international news , was the burning of five suspected witches in Kisii , an interior village in the Nyanza province of Kenya .
Then in Malindi , a small town in the coastal part of Kenya , old women and men started to be targeted with witchcraft accusations that resulted in their lynching .
In Nigeria , the witch accusations by evangelicals resulted in many children being hacked to death and others being fed with poison .
News of these actions elicited a strong reaction with the public .
The situation worsened further when news broke that Tanzanian albinos were being killed for their hairs , which fishermen believe can accrue large harvests of fish .
Some businessmen also believe that body parts of albinos can make their businesses flourish .
Hence albinos ’ lives are at risk .
We thought this was Tanzania ’s situation , but it soon passed borders into Kenya , where many albinos went missing .
After some investigation , it was brought to light that Kenyan albinos were being killed and their body parts sold to Ugandan witchdoctors who in turn sold them to businessmen .
In response to these events , the Center for Inquiry / Transnational launched an anti- witchcraft campaign , which aims to educate affected societies in Africa about the dangers of superstition and sound a call to the witch lynching that has rocked many African societies .
And as other African branches embarked on this call , the Center for Inquiry / Kenya took the campaign in hand and went to the ground .
CFI / Kenya ’s first approach was to visit the places where lynching took place to carry out various interviews of villagers who engaged in the lynching .
In Kisii , a group of youths known as Sungu sungu were at the forefront of the lynching activities , and they believed that the witches possessed evil powers to harm the people .
Hence they believed they were justified in hacking them to death .
We then identified the youth organizations in these areas and made contact to engage them .
Starting in February 2010 , the Center will organize many anti-witchcraft educational campaigns with these youth organizations .
We also interviewed Mama Jane , whose story made both local and international headlines .
Mama Jane was accused of being a witch by Pastor Muthee , and the town was about to lynch her when the police intervened .
Mama
Jane told us of her experiences when her life was endangered .
After carrying out the interviews , the Center embarked on anti-witchcraft activism that included organizing campaign seminars at institutions of higher learning and engaging local groups in the places where beliefs in witchcraft is most prevalent .
With the materials we accumulated from this groundwork , we developed articles that we can use to educate the public .
Our findings reveal that most belief in witchcraft is a result of lack of information about various phenomena .
For example , in the case in which five old women were burned as witches , a report afterward on BBC revealed that the boy who was suspected having been bewitched was suffering from epilepsy .
Those who did not understand this cause assumed that witchcraft was the culprit .
Of course superstitious ideas have been recognized as one of the main causes of human rights violation in most countries of Africa , which is why the United Nations listed it as its number one agenda for that area .
On September 1 , taxi operators in Nairobi staged a protest against the murder of thirteen taxi operators .
They were the victims of killings by unknown people who are suspected to have been working for various witchdoctors in the month of August .
The bodies were found missing parts and organs such as the brain , skull , and tongue .
These taxi drivers were approached by people who pretended to need transportation from the capital city , and they never returned .
To the public ’s surprise and dismay , their mutilated bodies were found dumped on the roadside .
We had our last campaign seminar on November 14 at the University of Nairobi , whose students saw the need to be actively involved in the campaign .
They believed that with the right education and reading materials from the Center , they could spearhead the fight against superstition .
The Center will continue to take the lead in this fight and will continue engaging other organizations and learning institutions .
As a leading humanist movement in Kenya , the Center has been consulted by many humanist organizations .
On November 25 , the executive director of the Center for Inquiry / Kenya was the guest of honor in the Launching of Kenya Humanist Movement .
The Center and Kenya Humanist Movement have written a petition that has been distributed to humanist leaders for signing in support of initiation of the International Day against Witchcraft Violence .
Right now we see homophobia in Uganda , where the right of gays and lesbians are at risk because fundamentalist conservative leaders in the parliament have introduced a bill that prohibits same sex marriage .
We hope it will never cross the borders and reach Kenya .
As humanists , we will strive to see that each and every individual is given the right to practice what they think is best for their lives without interference from religion and authority .
And as we prepare to vote for our new constitution , humanists have been keen on the rights of individuals ; rights should not be interfered with by religious leaders who want to plant their slave morality on the heads of the masses .
The Center for Inquiry / Kenya will continue to work hard with institutions of higher learning .
In 2010 and after , the Center will start working with the media as well .
This is because our works have attracted the Kenya Times , which has shown particular interest in our anti-witchcraft campaign .
Onward !
Mithraism and Christianity
Part 1
http://www.vetssweatshop.net/dogma.htm
Most of the research into Mithraism , a religion with many parallels to Christianity , comes from two writers , Cumont and Ulansey .
Some Similarities Between Mithraism and Christianity Among the recorded similarities are :
Virgin birth
Twelve followers
Killing and resurrection
Miracles
Birthdate on December 25
Morality
Mankind 's savior
Known as the Light of the world
The Legend of Mithra
We often hear about how many of the traditions , rites and symbols of modern day " Christian " holidays have their roots in paganism .
Recently I came across the writing of historian Franz Cumont , who is consider by many to be the leading research authority on Roman Paganism .
I have chosen this issue to begin with the story of Mithraism ' birth because it coincides with the Yule / Christmas season .
I often wondered why December 25th was chosen to celebrate the birth of Christ .
If the accounts in the Bible are correct , the time of Jesus birth would have been closer to mid-summer , for this is when shepherds would have been " tending their flocks in the field " and the new lambs were born .
Strange enough I found an ancient pagan religion , Mithraism , which dates back over 2,600 years that also celebrated the birth of their " savior " on that date .
Studies in Mithraism
Many elements in the story of Jesus ' life and birth are either coincidental or borrowings from earlier and contemporary pagan religions .
The most obviously similar of these is Mithraism .
Most of the information available about this ancient religion , the favorite of Roman soldiers , comes to us from the two volumes by Belgian scholar Franz Cumont , Textes et monuments figurés relatifs aux mystères de Mithra ( 1896 and 1899 ) .
More recently , David Ulansey has added to the dicussion with his The Origins of the Mithraic Mysteries : Cosmology and Salvation in the Ancient World .
Roman Mithraism was a mystery religion with sacrifice and initiation .
Like other mystery cults , there 's little recorded literary evidence .
What we know comes mainly from Christian detractors and archaeological evidence from mithraic temples , inscriptions , and artistic representations of the god and other aspects of the cult .
In an EAWC ( Exploring Ancient World Cultures ) essay entitled Mithraism , Alison Griffith explains Cumont 's theory of a Zoroastrian origin for the Roman Mithraist religion .
While this theory is a disputed , there was a Mitra in the Hindu pantheon and a minor deity named Mithra among the Persians as well .
Cumont came to believe the religion spread westward from Eastern Roman provinces .
However , as Griffith explains , there is little evidence of a Zoroastrian Mithra cult and most evidence for Mithraic worship comes from the western portion of the empire from which Cumont correctly deduced that " Mithraism was most popular among legionaries ( of all ranks ) , and the members of the more marginal social groups who were not Roman citizens : freedmen , slaves , and merchants from various provinces .... "
No women were allowed .
The Dawning of the Age of Aries
Ulansey says the main problem with basing Mithraism on a Zoroastrian cult is that there is no evidence that the Zoroastrians ' Mithra practiced bull killing , the central aspect of Roman Mithraic iconography .
An image of Mithras killing the bull holds pride of place in each mithraeum ( cave - like temple for the worship of Mithras ) .
Ulansey believes the images of Mithras slaying the bull are actually astronomical star maps .
In support of this he points out that all the figures represented in the iconography have a place in the constellations ( Taurus , Canis Minor , Hydra , Corvus , and Scorpio ) .
He says that the other iconography and even the initiation ceremonies are consistently astronomical .
Mithras ' place as bull - slayer has cosmological significance because , if Ulansey is right , Mithraists attribute to their god the ability to shift the equinox from the constellation of Taurus to Aries :
His killing of the bull symbolizes his supreme power : namely , the power to move the entire universe , which he had demonstrated by shifting the cosmic sphere in such a way that the spring equinox had moved out of Taurus the Bull .
For more recent research see :
Hinnells , John R. , Studies in Mithraism : Papers associated with the Mithraic Panel organized on the occasion of the XVIth Congress of the International Association for the History of Religions .
Rome : L'Erma di Bretschneider Reviewed by Helen F. North .
Twenty papers from the fourth international Mithraic congress held in Rome in 1990 .
MITHRAISM
Introduction
The Persian Origins of Mithraism The Expansion of the Faith Mithras in the Roman Empire The Rites of Mithraic Initiation The Taurobolium The Decline of Mithraism Manichaeism and Later Heresies Conclusion Bibliography Introduction " Mithras , God of the Morning , our trumpets waken the Wall !
Rome is above the Nations , but Thou art over all ! "
Rudyard Kipling , British author and poet A Song to Mithras .
For over three hundred years the rulers of the Roman Empire worshipped the god Mithras .
Known throughout Europe and Asia by the names Mithra , Mitra , Meitros , Mihr , Mehr , and Meher , the veneration of this god began around 2600 years ago in Persia , where it was soon imbedded with Babylonian doctrines .
The faith spread east through India to China , and reached west throughout the entire length of the Roman frontier ; from Scotland to the Sahara Desert , and from Spain to the Black Sea .
Sites of Mithraic worship have been found in Britain , Italy , Romania , Germany , Hungary , Bulgaria , Turkey , Persia , Armenia , Syria , Israel , and North Africa .
In Rome , more than a hundred inscriptions dedicated to Mithra have been found , in addition to 75 sculpture fragments , and a series of Mithraic temples situated in all parts of the city .
One of the largest Mithraic temples built in Italy now lies under the present site of the Church of St. Clemente , near the Colosseum in Rome .
The widespread popularity and appeal of Mithraism as the final and most refined form of pre-Christian paganism was discussed by the Greek historian Herodotus , the Greek biographer Plutarch , the neoplatonic philosopher Porphyry , the Gnostic heretic Origen , and St. Jerome the church Father .
Mithraism was quite often noted by many historians for its many astonishing similarities to Christianity .
The faithful referred to Mithra as " the Light of the World " , symbol of truth , justice , and loyalty .
He was mediator between heaven and earth and was a member of a Holy Trinity .
According to Persian mythology , Mithras was born of a virgin given the title ' Mother of God ' .
The god remained celibate throughout his life , and valued self - control , renunciation and resistance to sensuality among his worshippers .
Mithras represented a system of ethics in which brotherhood was encouraged in order to unify against the forces of evil .
The worshippers of Mithras held strong beliefs in a celestial heaven and an infernal hell .
They believed that the benevolent powers of the god would sympathize with their suffering and grant them the final justice of immortality and eternal salvation in the world to come .
They looked forward to a final day of Judgment in which the dead would resurrect , and to a final conflict that would destroy the existing order of all things to bring about the triumph of light over darkness .
Purification through a ritualistic baptism was required of the faithful , who also took part in a ceremony in which they drank wine and ate bread to symbolize the body and blood of the god .
Sundays were held sacred , and the birth of the god was celebrated annually on December the 25th .
After the earthly mission of this god had been accomplished , he took part in a Last Supper with his companions before ascending to heaven , to forever protect the faithful from above .
However , it would be a vast oversimplification to suggest that Mithraism was the single forerunner of early Christianity .
Aside from Christ and Mithras , there were plenty of other deities ( such as Osiris , Tammuz , Adonis , Balder , Attis , and Dionysus ) said to have died and resurrected .
Many classical heroic figures , such as Hercules , Perseus , and Theseus , were said to have been born through the union of a virgin mother and divine father .
Virtually every pagan religious practice and festivity that could n't be suppressed or driven underground was eventually incorporated into the rites of Christianity as it spread across Europe and throughout the world .
The Persian Origins of Mithraism
In order to fully understand the religion of Mithraism it is necessary to look to its foundation in Persia , where originally a multitude of gods were worshipped .
Amongst them were Ahura - Mazda , god of the skies , and Ahriman , god of darkness .
In the sixth and seventh century B.C. , a vast reformation of the Persian pantheon was undertaken by Zarathustra ( known in Greek as Zoroaster ) , a prophet from the kingdom of Bactria .
The stature of Ahura - Mazda was elevated to that of supreme god of goodness , whereas the god Ahriman became the ultimate embodiment of evil .
In the same way that Ahkenaton , Heliogabalus , and Mohammed later initiated henotheistic cults from the worship of their respective deities , Zarathustra created a henotheistic dualism with the gods Ahura - Mazda and Ahriman .
As a result of the Babylonian captivity of the Jews ( 597 B.C. ) and their later emancipation by King Cyrus the Great of Persia ( 538 B.C. ) , Zoroastrian dualism was to influence the Jewish belief in the existence of HaShatan , the Adversary of the god Y HW H , and later permit the evolution of the Christian Satan - Jehovah dichotomy .
Persian religious dualism became the foundation of an ethical system that has lasted until this day .
The reformation of Zarathustra retained the hundreds of Persian deities , assembling them into a complex hierarchical system of ' Immortals ' and ' Adored Ones ' under the rule of either Ahura - Mazda or Ahriman .
Within this vast pantheon , Mithras gained the title of ' Judger of Souls ' .
He became the divine representative of Ahura - Mazda on earth , and was directed to protect the righteous from the demonic forces of Ahriman .
Mithras was called omniscient , undeceivable , infallible , eternally
watchful , and never - resting .
In the Avesta , the holy book of the religion of Zarathustra , Ahura - Mazda was said to have created Mithras in order to guarantee the authority of contracts and the keeping of promises .
The name Mithras was , in fact , the Persian word for ' contract ' .
The divine duty of Mithras was to ensure general prosperity through good contractual relations between men .
It was believed that misfortune would befall the entire land if a contract was ever broken .
Ahura - Mazda was said to have created Mithras to be as great and worthy as himself .
He would fight the spirits of evil to protect the creations of Ahura - Mazda and cause even Ahriman to tremble .
Mithras was seen as the protector of just souls from demons seeking to drag them down to Hell , and the guide of these souls to Paradise .
As Lord of the Sky , he took the role of psychopomp , conducting the souls of the righteous dead to paradise .
According to Persian traditions , the god Mithras was actually incarnated into the human form of the Saviour expected by Zarathustra .
Mithras was born of Anahita , an immaculate virgin mother once worshipped as a fertility goddess before the hierarchical reformation .
Anahita was said to have conceived the Saviour from the seed of Zarathustra preserved in the waters of Lake Hamun in the Persian province of Sistan .
Mithra 's ascension to heaven was said to have occurred in 208 B.C. , 64 years after his birth .
Parthian coins and documents bear a double date with this 64 year interval .
Mithras was ' The Great King ' highly revered by the nobility and monarchs , who looked upon him as their special protector .
A great number of the nobility took theophorous ( god- bearing ) names compounded with Mithras .
The title of the god Mithras was used in the dynasties of Pontus , Parthia , Cappadocia , Armenia and Commagene by emperors with the name Mithradates .
Mithradates VI , king of Pontus ( northern Turkey ) in 120-63 B.C. became famous for being the first monarch to practice immunization by taking poisons in gradually increased doses .
The terms mithridatism and mithridate ( a pharmacological elixir ) were named after him .
The Parthian princes of Armenia were all priests of Mithras , and an entire district of this land was dedicated to the Virgin Mother Anahita .
Many Mithraeums , or Mithraic temples , were built in Armenia , which remained one of the laststrongholds of Mithraism .
The largest near - eastern Mithraeum was built in western Persia at Kangavar , dedicated to ' Anahita , the Immaculate Virgin Mother of the Lord Mithras ' .
Other Mithraic temples were built in Khuzestan and in Central Iran near present - day Mahallat , where at the temple of Khorheh a few tall columns still stand .
Excavations in Nisa , later renamed Mithradatkirt , have uncovered Mithraic mausoleums and shrines .
Mithraic sanctuaries and mausoleums were built in the city of Hatra in upper Mesopotamia .
West of Hatra at Dura Europos , Mithraeums were found with figures of Mithras on horseback .
Persian Mithraism was more a collection of traditions and rites than a body of doctrines .
However , once the Babylonians took the Mithraic rituals and mythology from the Persians , they thoroughly refined its theology .
The Babylonian clergy assimilated Ahura - Mazda to the god Baal , Anahita to the goddess Ishtar , and Mithras to Shamash , their god of justice , victory and protection ( and the sun god from whom King Hammurabi received his code of laws in the 18th century B.C. )
As a result of the solar and astronomical associations of the Babylonians , Mithras later was referred to by Roman worshippers as ' Sol invictus ' , or the invincible sun .
The sun itself was considered to be " the eye of Mithras " .
The Persian crown , from which all present day crowns are derived , was designed to represent the golden sun-disc sacred to Mithras .
As a deity connected with the sun and its life - giving powers , Mithras was known as ' The Lord of the Wide Pastures ' who was believed to cause the plants to spring forth from the ground .
In the time of Cyrus and Darius the Great , the rulers of Persia received the first fruits of the fall harvest at the festival of Mehragan .
At this time they wore their most brilliant clothing and drank wine .
In the Persian calendar , the seventh month and the sixteenth day of each month were also dedicated to Mithras .
The Babylonians also incorporated their belief in destiny into the Mithraic worship of Zurvan , the Persian god of infinite time and father of the gods Ahura - Mazda and Ahriman .
They superimposed astrology , the use of the zodiac , and the deification of the four seasons onto the Persian rites of Mithraism .
" Astrology , of which these postulates were the dogmas , certainly owes some share of its success to the Mithraic propaganda , and Mithraism is therefore partly responsible for the triumph in the West of this pseudo - science with its long train of errors and terrors . "
( Franz Cumont , French Mithraic researcher Les Mystères de Mithra , p.125 )
The Persians called Mithras ' The Mediator ' since he was believed to stand between the light of
Ahura - Mazda and the darkness of Ahriman .
He was said to have 1000 eyes , expressing the conviction that no man could conceal his wrongdoing from the god .
Mithras was known as the God of Truth , and Lord of Heavenly Light , and said to have stated " I am a star which goes with thee and shines out of the depths " .
Mithras was associated with Verethraghna , the Persian god of victory .
He would fight against the forces of evil , and destroy the wicked .
It was believed that offering sacrifices to Mithras would provide strength and glory in life and in battle .
In the Avesta , Yasht 10 , it reads that Mithras " spies out his enemies ; armed in his fullest panoply he swoops down upon them , scatters and slaughters them .
He desolates and lays waste the homes of the wicked , he annihilates the tribes and the nations that are hostile to him .
He assures victory unto them that fit instruction in the Good , that honour him and offer him the sacrificial libations . "
Mithras was worshipped as guardian of arms , and patron of soldiers and armies .
The handshake was developed by those who worshipped him as a token of friendship and as a gesture to show that you were unarmed .
When Mithras later became the Roman god of contracts , the handshake gesture was imported throughout the Mediterranean and Europe by Roman soldiers .
In Armenian tradition , Mithras was believed to shut himself up in a cave from which he emerged once a year , born anew .
The Persians introduced initiates to the mysteries in natural caves , according to Porphyry , the third century neoplatonic philosopher .
These cave temples were created in the image of the World Cave that Mithras had created , according to the Persian creation myth .
As ' God of Truth and Integrity ' , Mithras was invoked in solemn oaths to pledge the fulfillment of contracts and punish liars .
He was believed to maintain peace , wisdom , honour , prosperity , and cause harmony to reign among all his worshippers .
According to the Avesta , Mithras could decide when different periods of world history were completed .
He would judge mortal souls at death and brandish his mace over hell three times each day so that demons would not inflict greater punishment on sinners than they deserved .
Sacrificial offerings of cattle and birds were made to Mithras , along with libations of Haoma , a hallucinogenic drink used by Zoroastrian and Hindu priests , equated with the infamous hallucinogen ' Soma ' described in the Vedic scriptures .
Before daring to approach the altar to make an offering to Mithras , Persian worshippers were obliged to purge themselves by repeating purification rituals and flagellating themselves .
These customs were continued in the initiation ceremonies of the Roman neophytes .
The Expansion of the Faith
With the rapid expansion of the Persian Empire , the worship of Mithras spread eastward through northern India into the western provinces of China .
In Chinese mythology , Mithras came to be known as ' The Friend ' .
To this day , Mithras is represented as a military General in Chinese statues , and is considered to be the friend of man in this life and his protector against evil in the next .
In India , Mithras was recognized as ' God of Heavenly Light ' and an ally of Indra , King of Heaven .
Mithras was often prayed to and invoked along with Varuna , the Hindu god of moral law and true speech .
Jointly known as ' Mitra - Varuna ' , it was believed that together they would uphold order in the world while travelling in a shining chariot and living in a golden mansion with a thousand pillars and a thousands doors .
Mithras was also praised in the Vedic hymns .
Just as in the Zoroastrian Avesta , the Hindu scriptures recognized Mithras as ' God of Light ' , ' Protector of Truth ' , and ' Enemy of Falsehood ' .
The worship of Mithras also extended westward through what is now Turkey to the borders of the Aegean Sea .
A bilingual dedication to Mithras , written in Greek and Aramaic , was found engraved upon a rock in a wild pass near Farasha in the Turkish province of Cappadocia .
Mithras was also the only Iranian god whose name was known in ancient Greece .
A grotto located near the Greek town of Tetapezus was dedicated to Mithras , before it was transformed into a church .
However , Mithraism never made many converts in Greece or in the Hellenized countries .
That country never extended the hand of hospitality to the god of its ancient enemies .
According to the Greek historian Plutarch ( 46-125 C.E. )
Mithras was first introduced into Italy by pirates from Cilicia ( Sout - East Turkey ) who initiated the Romans into the secrets of the religion .
These pirates performed strange sacrifices on Mount Olympus and practiced Mithraic rituals , which according to Plutarch " exist to the present day and were first taught by them " .
However , there were many foreign cults in Italy at that time , and these early Mithraists did not attract much attention .
It is one of the great of ironies of history that Romans ended up worshipping the god of their chief political enemy , the Persians .
The Roman historian Quintus Rufus recorded in his book History of Alexander that before going into battle against the ' anti- Mithraean country ' of Rome , the Persian soldiers would pray to Mithras for victory .
However , after the two enemy civilizations had been in contact for more than a thousand years , the worship of Mithras finally spread from the Persians through the Phrygians of Turkey to the Romans .
The Romans viewed Persia as a land of wisdom and mystery , and Persian religious teachings appealed to those Romans who found the established state religion uninspiring - just as during the Cold War era of the 1960's many American university students rejected western religious values and sought enlightenment in the established spirituality of Communist east - Asian " enemy countries " .
The best option would be a physiotherapist .
They will be able to massage the knots out - but even an inexpert massage will help .
To massage it out , locate the knot on your back .
It will be a small ball about the size of your thumb .
Circle the knot firmly - it should be slightly painful to the person .
Work each knot for a minute , then move on .
Do each knot over twice .
Swimming is also good exercise for the condition as it " works " these muscles .
Also try heat pads to lessen tightness in the muscles .
And a cream like Voltaren will reduce swelling .
It should take about a week to make a noticible difference if the knots are bad and about 4 weeks to completely disappear .
To stop the knots reoccurring or getting worse , examine your lifestyle for the cause of the knots .
Is it the position you sleep in ?
Is it stress ?
Is it the way you sit at work ?
LIBERAL frontbencher George Brandis has attacked Julia Gillard 's ability to understand the way parents think about virginity because she does n't have kids .
Defending Tony Abbott ’s right today to discuss the advice he gives to his own daughters on virginity , Senator Brandis has told ABC radio that the deputy prime minister was a " one dimensional " person who had “ chosen not to be a parent ” .
“ You see , I think that most parents , in fact , all - any parent I can think of would agree with what Tony Abbott said and I think Julia Gillard who is - has chosen not to be a parent - and , you know , everybody respects her right , in the vehemence of her reaction in fact shows that she just does n't understand the way parents think about their children when they reach a particular age , ” Senator Brandis said , The Australian reports .
“ I think that although Julia Gillard is a very clever politician , she is very much a one - dimensional person and I do think her reaction , her over - reaction to the , in my view , quite unexceptionable remarks Tony Abbott made as the father of daughters , is not something she would have said if she were herself the mother of teenage daughters .
Asked if Ms Gillard had children she would see the issue differently , Senator Brandis replied : “ I think so .
I think that any parent I can imagine would agree with Tony Abbott . ”
“ I think people are entitled to know what their politicians think and beyond the narrow range of issues about public policy but it 's - it is just bizarre - bizarre - to say that because a person - a politician says , well , this is my particular view about this particular moral issue , they are somehow forcing their morality down other people 's throats , nonsense . ”
Ms Gillard said Tony Abbott 's view that a woman 's virginity is a gift to give to her husband “ confirmed the worst fears ” women had about his conservative social views .
“ I think Australian women will look at these comments from Tony Abbott and they will say they are not interested in Tony Abbott imposing his views .
They will make their own decisions .
Australian women are smart and capable they 'll make their own person choices without Tony Abbott telling them what to do , ” she said .
Mr Abbott has also hit back at Julia Gillard 's criticism of the remarks , noting the Deputy Prime Minister was speaking as a politician , while he was speaking as a parent .
The Liberal leader 's interview with The Australian Women 's Weekly on pre-marital sex , abortion and maternity leave has sparked a national debate about his socially conservative views on pre-marital sex .
Read more on this story at The Australian .
* Presidents Chavez , Uribe more than ever at odds
* Risks seen higher than in past standoffs
BOGOTA , Nov 6 ( Reuters ) - Spying charges , troop movements and mysterious killings along the border between Venezuela and Colombia are stoking a long - running diplomatic dispute that some are calling the " Cold War " of the Andes .
The on - off feud between the two South American neighbors since Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez came to power a decade ago has usually stopped at sabre - rattling and diplomatic barbs .
This time , though , the increasing volatility on the border , presence of illegal armed gangs , and growing political distance between the two governments , mean the latest crisis may be tougher to solve and could spill over into more violence .
Chavez and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe in the past resolved differences with a handshake .
Now ties between the Venezuelan socialist who blasts Washington 's " imperialism " and the staunch U.S. ally are more chilly than ever .
" Instead of channels of communication , now there are more reasons for suspicion , " said former Colombian foreign minister Rodrigo Pardo , now a magazine director .
" Now there are more charges such as espionage , but less chance to explain them . "
There may be little appetite for a military confrontation , but the border has become more sensitive since Chavez dispatched more troops after the murder of nine Colombians and the killing of two Venezuelan soldiers in the area .
Chavez , a Cuba ally who wants to counter U.S. influence , accuses Colombia of conspiring with the White House to foment violence .
His government says it has captured three Colombian spies and blames paramilitaries for killing its two soldiers .
War is unlikely , but the potential for more violence on the border , ranging from an accidental troop clash to attacks from illegal armed groups , has increased .
The latest diplomatic crisis began over a Colombian deal to allow U.S. troops more access to its bases .
Bogota says that is an extension of its existing anti-drug cooperation deal , but Chavez warns it could be used to attack his OPEC nation .
Chavez froze ties with Colombia in July and warned he would reduce their $ 7 billion annual bilateral trade .
Both governments , however , maintain ambassadors in each other 's capitals , and trade has continued , albeit at a slower rate .
CHAVEZ FIRE VS COLOMBIAN CAUTION
As in the past , the Venezuelan leader may be ramping up the rhetoric over an external threat to distract from domestic problems , such as high inflation and water and power shortages , and to project his international presence .
" His problems are mounting , " said Michael Shifter at the Inter - American Dialogue think tank in Washington .
" Chavez is stoking this a little and calculating he will gain . "
Seeking to project a more conciliatory tone , Uribe 's government has called for a probe into the murders and urged Venezuela to tone down the accusations and keep talks open .
Bogota says only one of its security agents is being held in Venezuela .
One diplomatic source in Caracas said he was invited to a party in Venezuela in a possible set -up .
" Colombia has to act first with firmness to defend its interests , and there are sensitive matters there , second with prudence not to be provoked ... and third with audacity to look for alternatives , " Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez told Reuters .
The Andean neighbors have sparred in the past over Chavez 's sympathy for leftist Colombian guerrillas and Venezuelan accusations that Bogota has failed to halt violent spillover from its four - decade - old conflict .
In 2005 , a Colombian - led police operation arrested a FARC guerrilla leader in Caracas , and the two countries went to the brink again in March last year after a Colombian bombing raid on a guerrilla camp inside Ecuador brought troop movements from Quito and Caracas .
That confrontation was resolved within a week by a handshake .
But this time , Chavez appears more serious about curtailing trade with his Andean neighbor .
Colombian businesses are fretting after Chavez curbed sales of cars , food and other goods , and sought more from Brazil and Argentina .
" They 're just not sorting out the paperwork for Colombian businesses .
They 're making it impossible , " a diplomat said .
In contrast , Colombia is making progress in improving relations with neighboring Ecuador , where leftist President Rafael Correa has often formed part of Chavez 's alliance .
Relations with Ecuador sunk to their worst in years after Colombia 's military raid last year .
But the governments this week agreed to soon start reestablishing diplomatic ties .
While Uribe has sought to stay above the Venezuela fray , the conservative lawyer could also benefit from the quarrel .
Uribe 's allies are pushing to allow the popular president to run for a third term .
A perceived threat from Chavez could stir support for a man many Colombians see as a steady hand .
" Chavez ' bullying and bluster are simply strengthening Colombian support for a giving a third term to Uribe , " said Myles Frechette , a former U.S. ambassador in Colombia .
" Uribe could n't find a better presidential campaign manager . "
Hello there ,
if you wanna know me better and you use diStorm , take 10 minutes from your precious time and please read my post .
If you do n’t give a damn about diStorm or open source community , you will waste your time reading this post , so visit here .
Believe me or not , I would have given this code ( new version ) under BSD .
I really wanted to .
A proof is that diStorm64 was BSD so far , and still is , however it is deprecated .
But I do n’t see a good end for BSD .
Let me explain .
It ’s very permissive , everybody can use it and I like it more than GPL for that reason , truely .
Why after all I decided on releasing diStorm in a GPL license , and not even LGPL ?
That ’s a good question and I will answer this by telling you my story and more .
I began this project for pure fun and challenge of decoding x86 , back in mid 2003 already .
Soon enough I got some basic framework that could accept a stream , look in some data structure and fetch an instruction , then decode the operands .
Sounds easy , right ?
Because it is easy .
But that was only for integer instructions .
After a few months I added FPU support .
This is where I started to hate the x86 machine code , really .
It ’s a pain in the arse .
Only at that time I started to look around and to see what other ( disassembler ) libraries we got on the Internet , it was already 2004 , and I still enjoyed coding diStorm for the fun and sport of it , 100 % from scratch , always .
I knew from day one that I am going to make it an open source project .
And yet , it was n’t so useful , there were better disassemblers out there .
I ’m talking about binary stream diassemblers , mind you , not the GUI wrapped ones , with high level features .
Anyway , diStorm was n’t any special yet .
Therefore I had to work hard , in my free time , no complaints ever .
And added all those SSE instructions set .
Like 5 sets eventually were added to diStorm , in addition to new sets every now and then in other computing fields .
Honestly , I doubt people use diStorm for SSE , but you never know .
Besides the goal of diStorm was to be a complete product , top quality and optimized , and I achieved them all within time .
diStorm was opened source in the beginning of 2006 .
A few months later I added AMD64 support , and then diStorm was the first open source disassembler library to support it .
All the while I got lots of emails about diStorm .
Some were about asking help of how to use it , some were about defects in specific isntructions , etc .
And even two critical bugs , one is code regression that I put a bug in the code accidentally , and the other was some memory leak in the Python module , which I happened to fix before already .
The most appreciated work from the community was about the sample projects .
People helped me with the code to make it more useful , and better code for each platform ( there are Win32 and Linux separated projects ) .
But never anything about diStorm ’s code itself .
Maybe the project is too complex .
Maybe there was no need , overall it was stable and mature .
I do n’t know .
Since 2005
I got more than 50,000 downloads of the variants of diStorm ( the sample projects , the full source code , the library , the Python modules , etc ) .
It is a lot , like 10 K a year .
Do n’t forget that after all it ’s a mere disassembler , not some crazy application , and it ’s even a library , so only developers can use it .
Though later I added the flat disassembler project compiled and which can be downloaded in a binary form .
And what we learn from this ?
Nothing , nada !
You can never trust statistics as this , and it does n’t mean much .
Cause there are new releases and the same person can download the project a few times within some time , to get the latest version , etc .
So I ca n’t have any info about how many people / companies use it around the world .
My own goal was to make diStorm the best disassembler out there .
Only you can judge .
I know what it ’s worth .
Sometimes I had the doubts about this issue .
And it gave me the inspiration to go on and bring the next generation disassembler library to the world , one that afterwards I can retire , in a way , and finally start to enjoy the fruits of my hard work with coding code analysis tools myself in the future .
About time , yey , no more excuses , no more stupid string parsing , totally efficient .
I see many people complain about the general status of tools in the Reverse Engineering field .
Not many people open their code .
And the rest make money out of it .
And I want to make a better community in this field .
I really tried to do so , but without success .
People that use diStorm either only use it as is , and they wo n’t open their code , because they want to keep their precious knowledge to themselves , or sell it for money .
That ’s legitimate .
You work , you get money .
And it also gives the opportunity for tools to exist , otherwise they wo n’t be there at all .
But I think we can do better .
I am doing better myself this way , I belive so and therefore I open the code in GPL .
GPL is ugly and the only reason I am for it is because I want the community to help me with this project and the coming one .
Ohhhh , you will love the next project .
It ’s not a library anymore but a whole studio… dreams come true .
I make them coming true on my end , but I need help .
For crying out loud .
I , hereby , am asking from the community , the people out there , that do this stuff for fun or profit to help , to contribute back to the community .
I ca n’t do it all myself , it will take years .
Though I am willing to do it myself , and that ’s what I do .
But then WHAT FOR ?!
So some companies can enjoy my work and get money on my expense ?
NO THANKS .
Community , Community , Community , this is key , what the whole issue is about .
You are saying you need open source tools , no problem , but share .
Let ’s do it together .
Parsing strings is not the way .
Finally we got a good weapon and let ’s build a framework on top of it .
We got Olly , we got WinDbg , and we got IDA .
None of them is opened source .
Each has a clear win in its niche .
I think there is a room , a NEED , for something new , free and open source .
If I am not going to get help this time , I am not going to open source the next project , because it ’s pointless and by now you should know exactly why .
You know what , maybe it ’s all my fault .
Maybe diStorm ’s code is TOO complex .
( What do you expect though ? ) .
Maybe the stupid and ugly diStorm ’s page is not easy to track .
Otherwise why I see someone who spent a few hours taking a disassembler out of a bigger project and make it work for Windows kernel , while you can do that in diStorm in two clicks ?
Maybe nobody gives a f@ck about it , probably , just a stupid disassembler .
But no more .
This is the time to make a change , a big one .
It might be a disassembler , or anything else , but it just shows the attitude of the community .
And do n’t kid yourself , everybody looks for code analysis stuff , or eventually write them up on their own .
C’est tout .
Mailling list or not , if we are not going to help each other and only complain that there are not enough open source projects in the RE field , nothing good is gonna happen .
GOOD LUCK !
Gil Dabah , Arkon
P.S – You can start by forwarding a link to this post .
We all have a father .
But how many of us have stopped to think about exactly what a father is ?
The dictionary describes a father as a male parent .
A parent is described as one who nurtures and raises a child .
But is n’t it more than that ?
Is n’t a father …
PERCHED on the Isle of Islay , a raw , mist - driven island off the west coast of Scotland , the Ardbeg distillery has been renowned for its complex , smoky Scotch for nearly 200 years .
After the Old Kiln Cafe was added to its visitors ' center in 1997 , however , the Scotch was forced to share the spotlight -- at least among those who appreciate a good meal .
" Our food is very unique to the area , so everyone really embraces it , " Jackie Thomson , the cafe 's manager , said recently .
" We found there to be a real demand for this sort of thing . "
Housed in Ardbeg 's original 1815 kiln room and malt barn , the cafe emerges on the often blustery landscape like a welcoming beacon , its twin pagoda roofs rising ceremoniously into the air like points on a crown .
Inside , the visitors ' shop bustles , while appreciative murmurs from the adjoining whiskey - tasting bar acts as soothing mood music .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
We 're gonna admit something right now .
We 've been driving for a decade and a half , and we did n't know about the gas - pump arrow until two years ago .
We always thought it was just some graphical element in our old Legend 's fuel gauge .
Laugh if you want , but in case , like us , you 're duncey , our hyper - efficient sister at Lifehacker has a primer on the gas - pump arrow , as well as some tidbits about interstate highway numbering .
Check it .
Advertisement
Know the Ways of the Gas Cap and the Interstate Without Looking [ Lifehacker ]
Advertisement
Related :
What Does Google Think About General Motors [ Internal ]
I was not going to bother to comment further , but after hearing pundit after pundit attack Obama for the bank levy and Glass Steagal ' lite ' , after banks allegedly paid their dues ...
I just could n't take it anymore .
Yes !
Obama has made a lot of policy errors in dealing with the banks .
Yes !
I believe he has not solved the problems , but has chased the symptoms .
The separation of prop trading from deposit banking IS the RIGHT thing to do .
In addition , the banks have not come anywhere NEAR repaying their debt to the government .
Not even close .
Yes , some of the banks repaid TARP , with interest and warrants .
Okay .
The investment big banks ( that were still in existence ) were offered expedited financial holding company ( bank ) charters .
That is why they did n't fail , at least in part .
So , running down the list , the banks paid back TARP .
That 's a + , but ....
What was the value for bank charter , to get cheap access to the Fed 's funds ?
did they pay back this value yet ?
No !
How about the payment of interest on the banks ' excess reserves at the Fed .
Have the banks repaid that yet ?
No !
The Fed and the Treasury have purchased hundreds of billions of dollars of Agency debt , Agency mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) and related securities through Treasury purchase programs .
Have the banks paid back the capital behind those purchases yet ?
No !
How about the Term Auction Facility ?
Has the capital behind the benefits of that program been paid back ?
No !
Then there is the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) , has this been paid back ?
No !
Do you remember the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) ?
Have the funds behind that been paid back ?
No !
What about the PPIP ?
No !
Hey , there 's the Foreign Exchange Swap programs ( the currency swap lines , that saved not only our banks but out banks facing counterparties who were short on dollars ) , has that been paid back ?
No !
There 's the Commercial Paper Funding Facility ( CPFF ) , have the funds behind that been paid back ?
No !
Most importantly , the opportunity cost of ZIRP , which hurts those who do not speculate ( or have not speculated ) with near free money !
How do you pay that back to grandma and her .017 % CDs ?
How do you repay the synthetic bid that the Fed has created under MBS that has rescued the banks from balance sheet purgatory ( for now ) ?
How about the accounting fantasy football game that was authorized by FASB last year that has lost fundamental investors who actually count vast sums of money ?
Then there is those FDIC bond guarantees ...
Oops , I went way past 1 reasons , did n't I ?
I can rant on , but if I have n't driven the point home by now , I probably never will .
So as you read about Goldman 's earnings beat on weaker revenue , consider the advantages that they have , that they did n't pay back , that smaller businesses such mine simply do n't have access to .
See the following for a backgrounder on my opinion before we move on to the risks emanating from other parts of the world stimulated by our number one export from the " Too Big To Fail , but Too Big to Let Survive Intact " club :
One of the Greybeard Stories .
This is a story about how it 's essential that you think of all the possible failure modes when you install a fix .
Just because you 've fixed the problem , that does n't mean you have n't introduced a new one .
During World War II there were numerous problems encountered with torpedos .
A torpedo is a complex piece of machinery , with steering , depth control , magnetic detectors , impact detection , and explosive warhead , it would be surprising if it always went exactly to plan .
One clever bit was that the ship ( or boat , as a submarine was always called ) did n't have to be lined up and pointing exactly in the direction the torpedo was to run .
When the torpedo was set for launch the gyros were spun up , set to north , and then a desired course relative to gyro was set .
For example , the torpedo could be set to run in a westerly direction , even if the submarine or ship was travelling southwards .
One problem , though , was that sometimes the gyro would stick or jam , so that as the torpedo turned , the gyro turned with it .
As a result the torpedo would continue to turn , so the gyro would continue to turn , and the torpedo would run in a big circle .
That meant the torpedo would always come back to haunt , sorry , hit the ship .
Problem .
To solve the problem it was proposed that a second gyro be installed .
If the torpedo ever turned through 180 degrees , the second gyro would detect it and cause a self - destruct .
It was reasoned that the chances that both gyros would jam was small enough not to worry about , and if just the second gyro jammed then there would be no problem .
Going through all the anticipated failure modes seemed to show that the torpedo could n't fail in the old way ( except in very rare cases ) and that there were apparently no new failure modes .
So it was implemented .
As I was told the story , a memo went out to the ships and subs to say that the problem had been solved , but no details were given as to how .
And as far as the captains and crew were concerned , all seemed well .
And then came the unanticipated .
In action , a torpedo was prepared for launch , the gyros spun up and set , torpedo loaded , outer doors opened , and the order to fire given .
And the torpedo jammed in the tube .
This was a known problem .
It was n't common , but basically it put that tube out of commission until the boat returned to the yard for refit or overhaul .
Except in this case there was an additional , unanticipated , and very nasty extra .
As the boat made a course change and turned to go back the way it had come , the second gyro detected the 180 degree change of course , and , as it were , hit the self - destruct button .
If the captain had waited long enough , the gyros would 've spun down and there would n't 've been a problem .
But the captain did n't know about the second gyro , and probably would n't 've thought to hold course until the gyros spun down , even assuming he would know how long that would take .
I was never told explicitly , but one has to assume that the nose of the sub was blown off with the loss of vessel , and probably all hands .
I 've never seen the story written up , and do n't have the resources to track down and check .
But even if the story is n't true , the lessons are valid .
Unanticipated failure modes are dangerous and hard to guard against , while at the same time , anticipated failure modes can sometimes lead to " fixes " that make the problem worse .
How do you analyse your failure modes ?
If you ’ve never been exposed to the annual deluge of commentary from Christian pundits and lay persons alike , consider yourself lucky .
In America today , especially in the Bible Belt ( where I so begrudgingly abide ) you ca n’t look twice before you find someone claiming that there is some sort of “ War on Christmas or Christianity ” .
I would n’t have a problem with people like Glenn Beck or Bill O’rielly if they actually had a leg to stand on when they make these egregious claims , but the simple truth is that they do not .
Today I am going to explore not only why these consistently bad claims are entirely incorrect but also give a surprising retrospective view of my own position on Christmas and other traditionally Christian holidays .
The Marginalized Majority
Glenn Beck , Focus on the Family , and others would have you believe that their Christian faith and their Christmas holiday is under attack by secular agendas , companies , and the ever present “ liberal media ” .
Their main complaint ?
Well , according to Focus on the Family sponsored website Stand for Christmas the problem they have is with the secularization of their holiday and with the word “ Christmas ” or “ Christ ” being marginalized by euphemisms and generic terms like “ happy holidays ” and “ Christmahanakwanzaka ” .
The website also touts the majority rule philosophy that made slavery such a grand enterprise .
How the term “ Happy Holidays ” is offensive is far from obvious to me , perhaps I ’m simply being dense .
In my understanding of the calendar there are a myriad of holidays starting with Thanksgiving in November and ending with Boxing Day in January .
“ Happy Holidays ” , in fact , is the very opposite of exclusive … it is incredibly inclusive .
Regardless of this fact some Christians believe that their one holiday should be the only one mentioned and lauded by retailers despite the fact that Hanukkah provides a massive amount of income for them …
I do n’t know about you but I do n’t hear any Jews ’ griping about that ( the Hasid ’s are too busy making everyone miserable with The Law ) .
For some reason these Christian pundits have convinced millions upon millions of Christians that their status as “ The Majority ” ( a shrinking one I might add ) gives them all the reason to be pandered to and influence government policy on every level .
Majority rule is one of the cancers that the US Constitution sought to stamp out in America .
Majority rule brought us enough slavery , separatism , theocracy , and hate in the past .
Majority rule is destroying the rights of consenting homosexual adults to marry .
Majority rule sucks .
Local Yuletides
Living in such a small town like Eastman , Georgia means that I live amongst varying degrees of Christians , all of whom are willing to become extra devoted during this time of year by putting up big red yard signs beside the road that say “ Keep Christ in Christmas ” .
These signs are everywhere , even in front of the homes of people who normally could n’t care less about their faith .
The most disturbing part about this is that despite living in a place where they are the VAST majority , they still somehow believe they are being marginalized !
Somehow these people , whom have never in their lives experienced discrimination on account of their faith or for the sake of Christmas , want to express their dislike with a problem that has NEVER affected them at all .
Preaching to the choir has a whole new meaning .
A Retrospective View
As a former Christian one might assume that I was once as mislead as the people I have mentioned today are regarding Christmas , that is where you ’d be wrong .
In fact , since I was 14 I have had a very well defined stance against Christmas ( and Easter ) because of their undeniable pagan origins .
You see , part of my faith was seeking Truth and the truth for me could have no part in a lie , since Christ was my truth at that time there was no reasonable way for me to reconcile my faith with pagan traditions .
Everything from the Christmas tree , the Yule Log , and gift giving all had and have roots that are more strongly pagan than they are Christian .
Why is it that believers have been able to look past all of these things for so long ?
Ignorance is my best guess .
A few years ago I even tried to educate the locals with a letter to the editor of the Macon Telegraph ( beware the awful spelling ) about it .
There was no revolution following it ’s publishing .
Now I know that not only is Christmas a borrowed pagan tradition , but so is the whole Christ myth…every single aspect of it .
Another thing I really hated about Xmas was the consumerism involved .
For some reason people think that they are supposed to struggle to get by all year just so they can buy expensive junk for their spoiled brat kids in order to properly celebrate this holiday .
When I was a Christian my walk was about personal sacrifice to devote my time to my god , I do n’t see that anywhere in Christmas gift giving and celebration .
In Conclusion
News Flash :
There is no war on Christmas folks .
There might be a war on intolerance and ignorance , but no one is trying to take Jesus out of your holiday .
If you want to keep “ Christ in Christmas ” do so , but do n’t make the rest of us suffer through your unfounded rhetoric .
If you want to falsely make Jesus the Reason for the Season do so , but do n’t ask it of anyone else .
You are not alone on this planet , it ’s as simple as that .
Happy Saturnalia – Festivus - Yule – Solstice everyone .
Ron Muech – Hyper Realist Sculptor
There is a point , when sculpturing , at witch taking great care of details leads to creating hyper realistic artwork that cannot be set apart from the real world objects it is supposed to represent .
Ron Muech sculptures are just that , extraordinary realistic art that seems real even after looking at it for the tenth time .
The design of his creative sculptures can be explained just using this word : superb !
About the artist :
Ron Mueck was born on 1958 is an Australian hyper realist sculptor working in Great Britain .
Mueck ‘s early career was as a model maker and puppeteer for children ’s television and films , notably the film Labyrinth for which he also contributed the voice of Ludo .
Mueck moved on to establish his own company in London , making photo - realistic props and animatronics for the advertising industry .
Although highly detailed , these props were usually designed to be photographed from one specific angle hiding the mess of construction seen from the other side .
Mueck increasingly wanted to produce realistic sculptures which looked perfect from all angles .
In 1996 Mueck transitioned to fine art , collaborating with his mother - in - law , Paula Rego , to produce small figures as part of a tableau she was showing at the Hayward Gallery .
Rego introduced him to Charles Saatchi who was immediately impressed and started to collect and commission work .
This led to the piece which made Mueck ’s name , being included in the Sensation show at the Royal Academy the following year .
Dead Dad is a rather haunting silicone and mixed media sculpture of the corpse of Mueck ’s father reduced to about two thirds of its natural scale .
It is the only work of Mueck ’s that uses his own hair for the finished product .
Mueck ’s sculptures faithfully reproduce the minute detail of the human body , but play with scale to produce disconcertingly jarring visual images .
His five meter high sculpture Boy 1999 was a feature in the Millennium Dome and later exhibited in the Venice Biennale .
In 2002 his sculpture Pregnant Woman was purchased by the National Gallery of Australia for $ 800,000 .
Check out the photographs that speak louder than words about the detail levels and the creativeness of his artsy sculptures
The hormone leptin controls appetite High levels of a hormone that controls appetite appear to be linked to a reduced risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease , US research suggests .
The 12 - year - study of 200 volunteers found those with the lowest levels of leptin were more likely to develop the disease than those with the highest .
The JAMA study builds on work that links low leptin levels to the brain plaques found in Alzheimer 's patients .
The hope is leptin could eventually be used as both a marker and a treatment .
The hormone leptin is produced by fat cells and tells the brain that the body is full and so reduces appetite .
It has long been touted as a potential weapon in treating obesity .
But there is growing evidence that the hormone also benefits brain function .
Research on mice - conducted to establish why obese patients with diabetes often have long - term memory problems - found those who received doses of leptin were far more adept at negotiating their way through a maze .
The latest research , carried out at Boston University Medical Center , involved regular brain scans on 198 older volunteers over a 12 - year period .
A quarter of those with the lowest levels of leptin went on to develop Alzheimer 's disease , compared with 6 % of those with the highest levels .
" If our findings our confirmed by others , leptin levels in older adults may serve as one of several possible biomarkers for healthy brain ageing and , more importantly , may open new pathways for possible preventive and therapeutic intervention . "
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " Previous studies have shown that obesity in mid-life is associated with an increased risk of dementia , but this new research suggests that leptin might have a role to play .
" There is evidence that leptin has functions in the brain - further studies in this area could lead to the possibility that this hormone plays a role in new treatments for Alzheimer 's . "
Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , described the research as " important " .
She said : " Further investigation is now needed to understand this relationship .
" This could move us closer to understanding the causes of the disease and provide vital information for drug development . "
There are currently 700,000 people in the UK living with dementia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In case you were wondering : second from the right is Brenda , Goddess of Awkward Clothing .
—
Last call !
If you do n’t order shirts from the store by tomorrow they probably wo n’t arrive by Christmas !
If that does n’t matter to you , feel free to order shirts at a leisurely pace .
If that does matter to you , PANIC !
- Alex
In retrospect , it ’s ironic that one of the slogans used by Richard M. Nixon during his first presidential campaign in 1968 was : “ The ‘ I ’ in Nixon stands for integrity . ”
Today , the more remembered “ slogan ” is the one used against Nixon during the 1972 presidential election , a quip attributed to comedian Mort Sahl : “ Would you buy a used car from this man ? ”
Of course , Nixon managed to beat Democrat George McGovern in the November 1972 election by a landslide .
But the pesky scandal that came to be called “ Watergate , ” which started with the bungled break - in at the Democratic National headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in Washington D.C. on June 17 , 1972 , got steadily worse after Nixon was reelected .
By the summer of ‘ 73 , a Congressional Committee and Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox were conducting official investigations to find out if Nixon was involved and determine whether he had tried to cover up his involvement .
Naturally , Nixon denied it for as long as he could .
On November 17 , 1973 , during a televised press conference , Nixon tried to make it seem like he welcomed the Watergate investigations and uttered one of his most famous quotes : “ I am not a crook . ”
( Sometimes given as “ I ’m not a crook . )
“ I made my mistakes , ” Nixon said , “ but in all my years of public life , I have never profited , never profited from public service .
I ’ve earned every cent .
And in all of my years of public life , I have never obstructed justice .
And I think , too , that I can say that in my years of public life , that I welcome this kind of examination because people have got to know whether or not their President ’s a crook .
Well , I am not a crook . ”
Most observers found the welcoming part especially hard to believe .
J ust a few weeks earlier , Nixon had fired Archibald Cox and abolished the Office of the Special Prosecutor , in the infamous “ Saturday Night Massacre . ”
But the Congressional Watergate investigation continued and the dominoes kept falling for Nixon .
It became clear that covert operatives working for him had conducted the Watergate break - in and that he and his administration had tried to cover it up .
Eventually , to avoid impeachment , Nixon become the first U.S. president to resign , on August 9 , 1974 .
Shortly after Nixon announced his resignation , his Vice President , Gerald Ford , was sworn in as president .
Ford ’s brief acceptance speech that day included another famous political quotation : “ My fellow Americans , our long national nightmare is over . ”
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Say you ’re using the excellent Postgres JSON features .
You may find that you get errors writing queries that use two tables – I often like to use “ except ” to diff datasets .
If you write a SQL query like the following , you can get an error :
with pre as ( select a , b from my_table ) , post as ( select re ->'a ' , re ->' b ' from log ) select * from pre except select * from post
While this looks like what you might want ( the -> syntax looks intuitively correct ) , it uses the wrong operator , and you ’ll get a type error :
EXCEPT types text and json cannot be matched
The answer is to use the ->> operator rather than ->.
The “ -> ” is equivalent to lodash _.pick , whereas ->> is like doing object [ key ] .
The act of placing an outstretched finger ( index or otherwise ) into the mouth of a friend , aquaintance , family member , significant other or stranger at the peak of a yawn NB .
One who yawn rapes is a yawn rapist , and one can be " yawn - raped "
Sycara IV is a fantastic 46 - meters motoryacht from the Burger Boat Company , styled as the classic yachts of the 1920’s .
The owners of the yacht , being particularly concerned about the environment , wanted her to have low fuel consumption and a small wake that would not cause damage to the water inhabitants .
Sycara IV will have the capability to cruise the inland waterways of the USA , including passage under critical bridges and shallow sections of the intracoastal , while still retaining full seagoing capabilities .
Naval architect Bruce King developed Sycara IV hull lines and acclaimed yacht designer Ken Freivokh created interior and exterior designs .
The exterior styling comprising of teak and white painted paneling is the perfect complement to the classy interiors .
The interior consists of beautifully detailed Madrone Burl raised wall panels enhanced with inlaid Macassar Ebony and accented with Paduak molding which contrasts with fresh glossy white painted surfaces .
The teak and Sycamore flooring is decorated with beautiful wool carpeting .
The door surrounds and featured cabinet pieces are exquisitely adorned with polished stainless steel detailing .
The Captain ’s and Crew cabins and baths continue the elegance of the Art Deco Era with white painted raised panel walls and contrasting Mahogany beams , raised panel doors and trim .
Besides this the Sycara IV also has formal and informal dining areas , a spa tub , lounge seating and sun bathing options .
The helm , in contrast to the era-specific interior , is up - to - date .
The yacht was shown at the 2009 Ft. Lauderdale International Boat Show .
Specification of the Sycara IV :
Shipyard : Burger Boat
Designer : Bruce King – Ken Freivokh
Year : 2009
LOA ( m ) : 31.00
LOA ( ft ) : 101.71
Beam ( m ) : 6.90
Draft ( m ) : 2.29
Nationality : USA
Displacement ( t ) : 180.00
Fuel Capacity ( l ) : 16 160.00
Water capacity ( l ) : 6 510.00
Average consumption ( l/h ) : 190.00
Standard motorization : 2×600 HP CAT
Max speed ( kn ) : 14.00
Cruising speed ( kn ) : 13.00
Range ( nm ) : 1100
Materials : Aluminium
Certification : MCA – AMS
Nb of cabins : 4
Nb of berths : 8
Nb of crew cabins : 3
Crew members : 3
* * *
Related links :
Burger Boat Company
Ken Freivokh
Bruce King
Nautical Structures
Foto : burgerboat.com
Model circuit ( right ) duplicates the anatomy of the chicken microcircuit studied in Ralf Wessel 's WUSTL lab ( left ) .
The complexity of the neuron 's response arises from feedback loops in the circuit .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Web site Neuroanthropology asks visitors to complete this quote , " One of the difficulties in understanding the brain is ... " .
In addition to the typical facetious remarks , such as " so few of us seem to have one " and " the damn thing is smart enough to realize what you are doing , and contrary enough to change the way it reacts just to spite you ... , " there are more serious ones , such as " ... it 's not a computer " and the methods we have available " are not enough accurate in saying how neural mechanisms correlates to behavior . "
That 's it in a nutshell .
On the one hand , there are the individual nerve cells whose membrane depolarization is at the basis of everything and on the other hand , there 's lyric poetry , serial murder and the calculus .
In between there are hundreds of billions of nerve cells , with hundreds of trillions of connections .
Scientists understand the bottom end and can say useful things about the top end , but getting from one end to the other is another story .
As they try , they argue continually and sometimes bitterly about levels of abstraction .
If a model of the brain or part of the brain does n't abstract at all , it is quickly snarled in unintelligible complexity .
On the other hand , if it abstracts too much , it offers little insight into the organ it purports to represent .
In work published in the online edition of Physical Review E on November 25th , biophysicists and theoretical physicists at Washington University in St. Louis describe an elegant compromise .
They devised a simple mathematical model that accurately represents a three - cell microcircuit in a chicken 's brain .
They then found , to their surprise , that they could collapse their model mathematically to one equation with two parameters , which are derived from but not the same as the strength of the connections between neurons ( the synaptic strength ) that neural models usually emphasize .
This mathematical exploration raises interesting questions about the living microcircuit in the chicken 's tiny skull , such as how embryonic development wires it up in the first place .
It may also explain why it is difficult to understand the brain by measuring the strength of its synaptic connections in the lab .
Lobster stomachs and chicken eyes
Neuroscientists have tried all sorts of different combinations of fidelity and abstraction in their efforts to understand the brain , but one fruitful approach has been to analyze a microcircuit consisting of a few neurons all of whose interconnections can be traced .
Microcircuits that have been analyzed in this way include the network that controls the chewing rhythm of a lobster 's stomach ( yes , it has teeth in its stomach ) , the reflex arc that allows a fruit fly to dodge a fly swatter and the timing network that controls the heartbeat of a medicinal leech .
Looking for a way to explain to the students in his Physics of the Brain class how delayed feedback produces complexity in a circuit , Ralf Wessel , Ph.D. , associate professor of physics in Arts & Sciences , came up with a toy neural circuit simple enough to be stepped through time iterations at the blackboard .
He used it to show his students that if there was feedback among the neurons , simple constant inputs could produce a long - period oscillation in their outputs .
Wessel then asked Matthew S. Caudill , Ph.D. , graduate research assistant in physics , to create a computer model of the circuit so that it could be explored more thoroughly .
As they worked with three - neuron microcircuit they realized it was very like one students in Wessel 's neurophysiology lab were studying .
That circuit , which consists of three neurons and their feedback projections , has a simple task : to detect motion in the chicken 's field of view .
One neuron in the area called the optic tectum because it sits on the " roof " of the brain , sends axons to others in a knob of tissue called the nucleus isthmi .
The neurons in the isthmi send projections back to the optic tectum , either directly to the neuron from which they got their input or back to the rest of the tectum ( the crucial feedback loops ) .
There are similar microcircuits in the optical processing areas of reptilian and mammalian brains .
The microcircuit 's behavior could be captured mathematically by three equations , each of which describes one neuron 's output in terms of its inputs and parameters called synaptic weights , the standard way of expressing the strength of the connection between two neurons .
Looking at the equations , Wessel and Caudill recognized that they could be reduced by algebraic substitution to one equation with two parameters ( derived from the original five synaptic weights ) .
" It is as if , " says Caudill , " the system of three neurons was reduced to one abstract neuron that does the same thing , follows the same rule , as the more complicated circuit . "
Because the model of the circuit collapsed to one equation with two parameters , the scientists were able to easily visualize its solutions .
Oscillatory solutions are shown in blue and purple , steady value solutions are white and divergent solutions , where the activity steadily increases , are shown in black .
The circuit is probably stuck in the white region most of the time but the fans of periodic solutions may also be useful biologically .
A Beautiful Parameter Space
This was an elegant outcome because all the possible solutions of an equation with two parameters can be mapped on a plane — which is what they did next , with the help of Zohar Nussinov , Ph.D. , assistant professor of physics in Arts & Sciences .
When the output of the abstract neuron is mapped in the parameter space it looks like a colorful angelfish swimming in a black ocean .
" The blue regions are where the output is oscillating , the large white region is where it just goes to a steady value , and the black region is where the output diverges , or steadily increases , " says Caudill .
" The fans are areas where the period of oscillation changes quickly from one point to the next . "
If you zoom in on the fans , Nussinov adds , the parameter space reveals more structure .
Each time you zoom in , even more structure appears .
But what does this mean for the chicken ?
Why might an animal want a circuit to be stable most of the time but oscillate at others ?
Weakly electric fish , says Wessel , have neural networks whose output oscillates in response to stimuli that affect the animal 's whole body but is constant when the fish is touched in one spot ( as it might be by the fin of a prey fish ) .
The change in output allows the fish to distinguish instantly between global and local touch .
But Wessel is most interested in the way the work de-emphasized individual synaptic weights — even to the point of suggesting that focusing on these weights has gotten in the way of understanding brain function .
" Imagine you 're an embryo and your brain is growing , he says , and the synaptic weights are being established .
The brain does n't need to establish the synaptic weights for each individual synapse in isolation .
What it needs to establish is the combination of weights . "
But then he adds ruefully , " although how it would do that is not clear . "
The finding also suggests why it might be difficult to achieve insight into neural circuits in the lab .
Neurophysiologists probing neuronal circuits by inserting a glass electrode in one neuron , stimulating it , and recording the electrical activity of another neuron are likely to be baffled by physiological variations from animal to animal .
The chicken microcircuit suggests that to understand a neural circuit they would have to measure combinations of synaptic weights .
But the catch is they can't know which ones to measure unless they already know the rule the circuit follows .
What do the three scientists , who have simplified their microcircuit to the equivalent of one neuron , think of the Blue Brain project , an attempt funded by the Swiss government to create a synthetic brain by the brute force method of simulating roughly a million biologically realistic neurons with the help of a supercomputer ?
Wessel says that perhaps the microcircuit is the orange clownfish Marlin and the Blue Brain is the blue regal tang Dory and together they are searching for Nemo : an understanding of how consciousness emerges from the soggy three - pound mass of nerve and glial cells we call the brain .
As you can tell , he has young children .
Provided by Washington University in St. Louis ( news : web )
Explore further New model suggests how the brain might stay in balance
Nick Wirth of Manor says that he is not going to do ANY wind tunnel testing for his 2010 Formula 1 car , arguing that computational fluid dynamics ( CFD ) is now good enough to do all the work by computer .
He argues that as a result less effort is going to be wasted on traditional aerodynamic research and thus , logically , more development will be done in the time available .
Most F1 teams understand the value of CFD but use it in tandem with the traditional methods and argue that each technique brings different things to the party and that the best result is to develop cars with a combination of the two .
The wind tunnel has been used since very early on in the history of aviation and simulates the movement of an object ( a car or a plane ) through air .
If one mounts the model on a suitable balance , the forces being generated can be measured .
The problem is that air through which F1 cars go is rarely undisturbed and so to master the effects of turbulence is difficult .
The F1 teams long ago developed rolling roads so that they could study the interaction between the cars and the ground and they have also developed ways to minimise the effect of the walls on the testing .
There are also questions of temperature created by the windtunnel itself which will affect the way the air behaves .
Thus Red Bull Racing , for example , uses a massive solid concrete tunnel at Bedford that is not affected by such things .
It has recently emerged that Chip Ganassi Racing has been using a different and more cost - effective method of aerodynamic research by running cars under their own power through a disused road tunnel in Pennsylvania .
This is a lot cheaper than building a vast wind tunnel facility and cars can be tested in whatever temperature one chooses to test them in .
The boffins , however , have long argued that the best method of testing will be CFD in which all the elements can be simulated and measurements can be made without the need to solve problems that wind tunnels create .
They argue that it is faster and cheaper because virtual models are much more efficient and less complicated than creating physical models .
The problem is that CFD makes assumptions and approximations and this is a problem , particularly when engineers try to model air turbulence .
Computer modelling uses what are called meshes , which consist of millions of cells each programmed to behave in a certain way when pressures are applied .
These then combines to visualise flows and so on .
The modelling of F1 cars involves massive meshes and so require huge computing power if they are to be fast and efficient .
The development of CFD has been ongoing for more than 25 years but in that time wind tunnels have also improved with such new ideas as pressure - sensitive paint and the much faster manufacturing techniques for models resulting from stereolithography and other similar techniques .
Most F1 teams use both CFD and windtunnels in order to sort out the limitations and anomalies that exist in one method but not in the other .
CFD , for example , can model the air in a large area around the car .
Physical scale modelling provides a more immediate view of the external air flows , but CFD methods allow the study of internal flows and such things as heat transfers .
With CFD , however , the problem of external turbulence is considerable whereas a wind tunnel model can be run in tandem with a second model and lessons can be learned with relative ease .
The CFD developers are gradually working on this .
There have been some interesting examples of vehicles developed only with CFD , notably SpaceShipOne , a private rocket - powered aircraft that completed the first private space flight in 2004 .
This was developed by Burt Rutan ’s aviation company , which is today developing Virgin ’s planned commercial spaceships .
Given that there is a tie - up between Virgin and Manor F1 this may be part of thinking behind Wirth ’s attitude to CFD .
It should also be noted that Aston Martin did not use a wind tunnel at all when developing the DBR9 , the racing version of the DB9 , deciding instead that the CFD programme “ Sculptor ” was sufficiently good enough for the job .
This programme was created by Optimal Solutions Software in Idaho .
This was seen as a major turning point for the CFD industry and showed that CFD had come of age when the DBR9 took class victory on its debut at the Sebring 12 Hours in 2005 , beating the factory Chevrolet Corvettes .
It was probably this that resulted in the decision of BMW Sauber not to follow the F1 trend and build a second windtunnel but rather to invest in a supercomputer , capable of much higher levels of calculations than some of the existing equipment .
“ The big difference with CFD compared to wind tunnels is that you not only get results but also get an understanding of what goes on , ” explained Mario Theissen at the time .
“ Wind tunnel testing remains important with experimental work and CFD complementing each other . ”
In 1996 I went to Ford ’s Advanced Engineering Center in Dearborn , Michigan and reported that “ the computer simulation laboratories are constantly developing new forms of computer aided engineering , which will be of great advantage to F1 teams as research and development can be done faster – and therefore cheaper .
This is particularly useful in areas such as computational fluid dynamics ( CFD ) and thermal and aerodynamic systems engineering ( TASE ) .
The systems are advancing at such speed that computational wind - tunneling will soon be so sophisticated that it will probably not need to be verified in windtunnels . ”
That was 13 years ago and the development of CFD has been a lengthy and expensive process .
According to Moore ’s Law , the power of computers has been doubling every two years and thus the best current computers should by now be able to do 64 times as much as they did in 1996 .
A year from now they should be 128 times more powerful .
Bullets flew over Broadway yesterday , sending a crush of Times Square tourists and office workers “ running for their lives ” as cops shot and killed a MAC 10 - toting thug .
The broad - daylight gunfire between the CD - hawking scam artist and anti-crime cops in an enclosed passenger - drop - off area at the Marriott Marquis sent shots crashing through store windows and people scrambling for cover .
“ The police officers were ducking and diving , trying to get out of the way , ” said John Grisewood , 60 , of London , who stood about 10 to 15 feet from the fusillade .
He said he heard six shots before “ my wife yelled at me , ‘ We need to get out of the way . ’
She grabbed me , and we went into a shop . ”
Robert McKuhan , who works at nearby Maxwell Jewelers , said , “ People were running for their lives .
“ You could see the fear in their eyes .
It was pure chaos .
People were hiding behind cars . ”
The gunman , Raymond Martinez , 25 , of The Bronx , had been running a CD - hawking scam on tourists in front of the Minskoff Theatre on Broadway between West 44th and 45th streets .
Shortly after 11 a.m. , two plainclothes cops approached him after recognizing him as an aggressive peddler .
When they asked Martinez — who had a bench warrant out for his arrest — for ID and the tax stamp required to sell CDs legally , he bolted down Seventh Avenue .
Martinez led the cops on a chase back up toward Broadway and onto 45th Street , running into the breezeway where Marriott guests are dropped off .
“ Stop ! Stop !
Show me your hands , ” Sgt. Christopher Newsom , 41 , yelled , according to police .
With the officers just seven feet away , Martinez whipped the 9 mm machine pistol out from under his jacket and fired two rounds before the gun jammed .
The magazine tacked onto the assault weapon held another 27 rounds .
“ We ’re lucky the weapon jammed , ” Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said .
One of the slugs slammed into the window of the souvenir shop Broadway Baby , tearing through a “ Wicked ” book and an autographed Yankee baseball .
“ I ran behind the counter with another employee , ” said owner Jonathan Erlich , 23 , who thought he was being robbed .
“ I felt so helpless that I was going to be shot . ”
The other round hit the box office of the Marquis Theatre , where “ White Christmas ” is playing .
Newsom , who was not wearing a bulletproof vest , placed his arm over his chest to protect his heart — a move police officers are taught in the academy — as he fired four times , hitting Martinez in the chest , collar bone and both arms .
But even the 17 - year veteran ’s bullets did n’t stop the thug , who struggled with the officers as he lay bleeding — but still clutching his weapon .
“ I saw two cops holding one guy down .
They were wrestling to get the gun out of his hand , ” witness Eric Hoelle said .
Said McKuhan , “ He was putting up a good little fight .
Next thing you know , the guy ’s brother jumped on the back of the cops and was yelling at them , ‘ That ’s my brother !
Get off my brother !’ ”
Martinez , who had five prior arrests and was wanted for an assault in The Bronx , was taken to Roosevelt Hospital , where he died .
He was arrested in the Times Square area earlier this year for hawking CDs without a license , a source said .
He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of disorderly conduct , but a warrant was issued for his arrest in July after he failed to make a court appearance .
Cops said he was one of a group of hustlers who were working a scam in which they would approach tourists , ask them their names , then write the names on the CDs and demand $ 10 .
Investigators found that the aspiring rapper , who performed with the group Square Free and went by the name “ Ready , ” frequented gun shows and was carrying business cards from several gun shops .
One , from Gary ’s Guns & Transfer , near Richmond , Va. , had a chilling , handwritten message on the back .
“ I just finished watching ‘ The Last Dragon . ’
I feel sorry for a cop if he think I ’m getting into his paddy wagon , ” it read .
The shop ’s owner , Gary Lewis , did not return a call for comment .
Cops said the gun Martinez used had been stolen from the seat of a car in Richmond on Oct. 28 .
Martinez ’s brother Oliver was initially taken into custody , but released with no charges .
As he arrived home last night , another sibling , Anthony , cried out , “ They shot my brother ! ”
“ I want justice , ” said their mother , Ancela Martinez , outside the Midtown North station house .
“ That was my beloved son , ” she said .
“ I want to know why the cop did n’t shoot him in the leg or something . ”
Kelly said a preliminary investigation indicates the sergeant followed proper police procedure .
Also at the precinct house was Sharanda Martinez , who said she and Raymond had been married seven years .
“ All I know is that my son does n’t have a father , ” she said .
Additional reporting by Kevin Fasick , Larry Celona , Murray Weiss , Beth Stebner , Denise Buffa and Matthew Nestel
tom.liddy@nypost.com
VMware has unveiled the latest version of its ESX - based virtualization software to capitalize on Microsoft 's rollout of Windows 7 .
The company has launched VMware View 4.0 , featuring a new communications protocol called PC - over - IP to provide real - time screen rendering , plus the ability to deploy and manage tens of thousands of virtualized desktops without the need for custom engineering .
Planned for the first - half of 2010 , meanwhile , is a native hypervisor so that PCs can run offline , using the machine 's local resources , and then synchronize when re-connected to the network .
View 4.0 will come in two flavors - enterprise and premier , priced $ 150 and $ 250 per concurrent user .
The former features vSphere , vCenter , and View Manager , while the latter features these plus View Composer for single - image management and storage and application virtualization and ThinApp 4 for working on thin clients .
VMware believes the changes will bring desktop virtualization to a mass market of power users in addition to more traditional types in call centers through the addition of things like PC - over - IP .
PC - over -IP was a hardware protocol VMware licensed from Teradici and that was used in high - end graphics and CAD .
The companies have implemented PC - o- IP in software to run provide real - time rendering of graphics like Flash and text in the virtualized desktop .
It 's never a smart idea to introduce a new protocol , so VMware 's made sure it's got the backing for partners for PC - over - IP - Cisco Systems , Hewlett - Packard , Dell , IBM and Wyse .
On management , VMware claims View 4.0 will now scale to tens of thousands of PCs out of the box , beyond the previous 500 to 1,000 PCs .
The View 4.0 vSphere ESX - based virtualization component on the desktop and View Manager management server have both been updated to support what VMware called " multiple connections at scale " .
View Manager will authenticate users against Microsoft's Active Directory .
So what does this have to do with Microsoft and Windows 7 ?
VMware believes the vSphere 4.0 changes in performance and management will make its desktop virtualization attractive to organizations rolling out Windows 7 .
Rather than paying Microsoft for client copies , they can run virtualized instances instead , potentially saving on licensing , and the work of rollout and on - going management by working through instances and images .
In particular VMware 's making a pitch for those with legacy Windows XP applications .
Windows 7 introduces Windows XP
Mode to run Windows XP applications on the desktop .
With vSphere 4.0 , though , VMware will let you run both Windows 7 and Windows XP , while also managing the rollout of Windows 7 using just a single Windows 7 image .
Separately , VMware is today expected to announce partnerships with four hardware companies building reference architectures based on View 4.0 .
Cisco Systems and EMC , HP and Dell will provide architectures around computing , storage , networking and software , with Cisco and EMC also providing services .
NetApp will provide storage reference architecture . ®
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the builder confidence index from the National Association of Home Builders ( NAHB ) .
The housing market index ( HMI ) was at 16 in December .
This is a decline from 17 in November .
The record low was 8 set in January .
This is very low - and this is what I 've expected - a long period of builder depression .
Note : any number under 50 indicates that more builders view sales conditions as poor than good .
This second graph compares the NAHB HMI ( left scale ) with single family housing starts ( right scale ) .
This includes the December release for the HMI and the October data for starts ( November starts will be released Wednesday Dec 16th ) .
This shows that the HMI and single family starts mostly move in the same direction - although there is plenty of noise month - to - month .
To be blunt :
Those expecting a sharp rebound in starts from the bottom are wrong .
And remember - residential investment is usually the best leading indicator for the economy .
Press release from the NAHB : Builder Confidence Edges Down in December
The December HMI fell one point to 16 , its lowest point since June of this year .
Two out of three component indexes also were down , with a one - point decline to 16 registered for current sales conditions and a two - point decline to 26 registered for sales expectations in the next six months .
The component gauging traffic of prospective buyers remained unchanged for a third consecutive month , at 13 .
Regionally , December ’s HMI results were somewhat mixed .
The Northeast posted a three point gain to 23 , while the West posted a one - point gain to 19 , the South registered no change at 17 , and the Midwest posted a two - point decline , to 12 .
Jan-Peter Balkenende lent political support to the Iraq war An inquiry into the Netherlands ' support for the invasion of Iraq says it was not justified by UN resolutions .
The Dutch Committee of Inquiry on Iraq said UN Security Council resolutions did not " constitute a mandate for ... intervention in 2003 " .
The inquiry was launched after foreign ministry memos were leaked that cast doubt on the legal basis for the war .
The Netherlands gave political support to the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but had no military role .
The report demolishes the Dutch case for supporting the invasion , says the BBC's Europe correspondent Jonny Dymond .
It could also be taken to reinforce the international case against the Iraq war , he says .
The report accuses ministers of a selective use of intelligence reports , and says Prime Minister Jan-Peter Balkenende " gave little or no leadership to debates over the Iraq question " , which was steered by the foreign minister at the time , Jaap de Hoop Scheffer .
Mr Balkenende formally thanked the committee for its report , but said he needed time to study it before responding .
Political loyalty Mr Balkenende decided to join the " coalition of the willing " assembled by US President George W Bush because , he said , Saddam Hussein had consistently flouted UN resolutions and possessed weapons of mass destruction .
The Dutch parliament opposed the decision to back the invasion .
Committee chairman , Willibrord Davids , said the Netherlands ' loyalty to its alliance with the US and UK had taken precedence over the need to ensure the legality of the invasion .
The committee said there had been no UN mandate for the attack , putting the decision to join at odds with international law .
It said " the wording of [ UN Security Council ] Resolution 1441 cannot reasonably be interpreted as authorising individual member states to use military force " .
Iraq 's alleged breach of Resolution 1441 , which gave Iraq " a final opportunity to comply with its disarmament obligations " , was used by the coalition , and the Netherlands , to justify its invasion .
However , a memo from the time by Dutch foreign ministry lawyers , subsequently leaked , suggested the war was in fact illegal under international law .
The inquiry said there was no evidence to support rumours that the Dutch military took part in the invasion .
While the government has always said its military was not involved , questions had been raised because Dutch troops were taking part in exercises nearby at the time .
Dutch forces became part of the stabilisation force that was deployed to Iraq in the years after the war .
The Dutch parliament is likely now to consider whether the prime minister misled parliament , and whether to launch a formal parliamentary inquiry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
II could not have found such an amazing school as this one .
The teachers and staff are very attentive and treat my kids as if they were their own .
I 'm completely in love with their programs .
It is a wonderful environment for my child and they make sure that your child is fed .
They always consider your child 's allergies before any activity .
My child is beyond prepared for kindergarten and I am sincerely satisfied with this school .
Eniluap W. from Yelp
Hell and Heaven are going to be a reflection of our Inner state , based on our intentions and actions in this world .
Here ’s another Sufi Comic on Bahlool .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
Paranormal romance author Lynn Viehl bared all last week — she posted her complete royalty statement from her publisher , for her New York Times bestselling book Twilight Fall .
And the details might make you reconsider a career as a novelist .
Advertisement
Twilight Fall was a top 20 bestseller on the New York Times mass market paperback list — so , not the main fiction bestseller list , but still impressive .
According to Penguin Group , the publisher , the book has sales of 89,142 copies , minus returns of 27,479 , for total sales of 61,663 copies .
( As far as I know , the books are counted as sold until the bookstore chooses to send them back — but I could be wrong about that . )
The publisher is holding back reserves against royalties for another 7,350 copies to be returned .
In any case , the bottom line is that Viehl got a $ 50,000 advance for Twilight Fall , and she 's unlikely to earn it out for up to a year — which means no royalty payments .
After taxes , expenses , and her agent 's cut , she gets to keep about half that advance .
As she notes :
My income per book always reminds me of how tough it is to make at living at this gig , especially for writers who only produce one book per year .
If I did the same , and my one book performed as well as TF , and my family of four were solely dependent on my income , my net would be only around $ 2500.00 over the income level considered to be the US poverty threshold ( based on 2008 figures . )
Yep , we 'd almost qualify for foodstamps .
Advertisement
It 's pretty great of Viehl to share her royalty statement with the world — apparently the last time she did that , she got some flak online , and here 's hoping that does n't happen this time .
The only caveat I 'd toss in there is that most of us do n't reckon our incomes on an after - tax basis — if we did , I suspect we 'd all be horribly depressed .
So if you leave taxes out of her estimation of her income , she 's probably making closer to $ 35 K or $ 40 K per book , rather than $ 25 K .
[ Straight Goods ]
… What would it look like ?
Ernest Hemingway
* It was very late and everyone had left the hall except an old man who sat in the shadows the leaves of the old Mallorn made against the moonlight .
The two elves inside the hall knew that the old man was a little drunk , and while he usually was quiet and kept to himself they knew that if he became too drunk he would start setting things on fire , so they kept watch on him .
“ He ’s drunk , ” one elf said .
“ What do you care ? ”
“ He ’s muttering about the secret fire . ”
“ Leave him alone .
He used to carry a ring . ”
“ He ’ll stay all night .
He should never have been rebodied . ”
The old man rapped on the table with his goblet .
The younger elf went over to him .
“ What do you want ? ”
The old man looked at him .
“ Another miruvor . ”
“ You ’ll be drunk , ” the elf said .
The old man looked at him .
The elf went away .
“ Look at his bushy eyebrows , ” he said to his colleague .
“ There is nothing as nasty as an old Man .
He ’ll stay all night and I ’ll never get any sleep . ”
The elf took the bottle of miruvor from the counter inside the hall and marched to the old man ’s table .
He poured the goblet full .
“ You should never have been rebodied , ” he said to the old man . *
Mark Twain
* NOTICE :
Persons attempting to resolve the question of Balrog wings by means of this narrative will be prosecuted ; persons attempting to define the nature of Tom Bombadil will be banished ; persons attempting to find allegory in it will be shot .
BY ORDER OF THE AUTHOR ,
Per G.G. , Chief of Ordnance .
FOREWORD :
In this book a number of dialects are used , to wit : the Quenya Elvish dialect ; the extremest form of the Rhovanion dialect ; the ordinary Sindarin dialect ; and four modified varieties of this last .
The shadings have not been done in a haphazard fashion , or by guesswork ; but painstakingly , and with the trustworthy guidance and support of personal familiarity with these several forms of speech .
I make this explanation for the reason that without it many readers would suppose that all these characters were trying to talk alike and not succeeding .
THE AUTHOR .
CHAPTER 1
You do n’t know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Red Book of Westmarch ; but that ai n’t no matter .
That book was made by Mr. Frodo Baggins and his Uncle Bilbo , and they told the truth , mainly .
There was things which they stretched , but mostly they told the truth .
That is nothing .
I never seen anybody but lied one time or another , without it was the Lady Galadriel , or Elrond , or maybe Gandalf .
The Lady Galadriel – the Lady of Lothlorien , she is – and Elrond , and the wizard Gandalf is all told about in that book , which is mostly a true book , with some stretchers , as I said before . *
Heh , anybody have any others ?
