As gold hits a succession of all - time highs and the euro struggles for mere survival , Paul said debt overloads at the base of the recent currency trends can be traced directly to the US central bank .
" The Federal Reserve behind the scenes has the power to create money out of thin air .
It 's very bizarre , " Paul said .
" They can bail out their friends and let the people they do n't like fail , and create a trillion dollars or more out of thin air in order to prop up some companies at the expense of others ...
It 's absolutely bizarre and , yes , the American people right now I think are waking up to it . "
Paul linked the disruptions to the departure in 1971 from the old Bretton Woods global currency system .
He said he has been anticipating the surge in gold as confidence in currency wanes , and after the Bretton Woods collapse .
" This is the unwinding of a system , " he said .
" Until we replace it with something else you 're going to continue to see this . "
But Paul predicted that the system will be changed as more and more people begin to see its fundamental flaws .
" The gold surge recently has people discovering they 're really printing money , " Paul said .
" They 're just kidding themselves and kidding the American people that the Fed can keep doing what they 're doing , because the economic laws will bring this to an end and probably in the not - too - distant future . "
Everyone ’s favorite zombie hunting Jamaican commando is n’t taking a break from his dancefloor onslaught in 2010 : Diplo and Switch ’s dancehall project is releasing a new EP , Lazers Never Die , this summer .
The new EP is five tracks and features work from M.I.A. , Buraka Som Sistema , and Thom Yorke among others .
To prepare you for the release , out July 20 on Mad Decent / Downtown / Interscope , Major Lazer pal and all - around crazy person Skerrit Bwoy has made an instructional video about daggering .
See the tracklist and video below .
1. Sound of Siren ( featuring M.I.A. and Busy Signal )
2. Good Enough ( featuring Collie Buddz and Lindi Ortega )
3. Bruk Out ( Buraka Som Sistema Mix )
4. Ca n’t Stop Now ( K.L.A.M. Remix feat .
Miss Banks )
5. Jump Up ( Thom Yorke Remix )
[ youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCNoz26oRrs]
Game description
The Hacker is a free puzzle game .
Put your digital infiltration skills to the test with this hacking puzzle game .
Agent 847 , it ’s your first day on the job , so you ’ll have to spend some time getting used to the hacker lifestyle .
That includes accessing remote computers , getting their IP , accessing their passwords .
Once you have those , it ’s just a matter of figuring the correct one by eliminating the password one - by - one , and then you ’re in !
And that ’s only the beginning of the Hacker Game .
Instructions
Use your keyboard to , well , hack .
Just enter the desired command , and then hit enter .
The game will walk you through the basic steps , but once the “ game ” actually begins , you ’ll need to deduce exactly how to perform the tasks at hand , and some of them can be a little tricky to figure out .
Do n’t be ashamed to consult the help of a walkthrough .
The Hacker gameplay
CONTENT RATING : All Ages ( more info )
RELEASE DATE : 20 May 2010
RATING : 74 %
4,605,591 PLAYS
Motley humors the First Family with a slapstick routine burlesquing foreign intelligence agents .
WASHINGTON — After serving 12 years in the position , Motley , the official White House Jester , was beheaded Tuesday after delivering a poorly received jape about the spiraling national debt before President and Mrs. Obama .
Advertisement
" For crimes of great arrogance and cheek , His Idiocy the White House Jester has been sentenced to a swift demise , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said following the death sentence .
" Let it be heard over every city and suburb of this land that the National Debt is no topic for frivolity , and the mailed hand of Obama shall smite all offenders . "
Motley , who used his last words to beg in vain for Obama 's mercy , was executed on the North Lawn at the strike of noon .
Advertisement
Obama , a wit in his own right , warned that any guest who further tested his patience would ' be heading ' for trouble .
According to witnesses , the controversial performance took place late Monday evening , when Obama announced that his head was weary following a day of closed - door meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , and the chief of the White House Avenary .
Having retired to the Great Hall , Obama clapped his hands and called for feasting and joviality .
Advertisement
Initial performances by a madrigal group , marionette puppeteers , and Faith Hill proved popular with the First Family , but the festivities reportedly turned sour after Motley was summoned to lighten Obama 's spirits .
" At first , Motley did greatly please the President with his cavorting and merrymaking , " White House Senior Adviser David Axelrod told reporters .
" He recited droll quatrains about the Tea Party movement to much enjoyment .
But yea , verily , his impression of [ U.S. Secretary of Education ]
Arne Duncan , with oversized costume teeth , earned the heartiest roars of laughter by far , and perhaps emboldened Motley past the brink of decorum . "
Advertisement
Tensions rose when a happily beaming Obama demanded to be riddled .
After a string of well - received topical posers , Motley asked the following :
A pocket - hole that grew so large ,
A giant could n't eat it .
A cache of gold that never was ,
But nonetheless depleted .
When the President confessed to being stumped , Motley revealed the answer to be " the National Debt , of course . "
Advertisement
Witnesses said Obama 's mood immediately darkened and , pounding on the arm of the Presidential Throne , he demanded new jesting .
After nervously clearing his throat , Motley was heard to ask , " Wherefore is the National Debt like a sprouting leaf of spinach ? "
When a glowering Obama demanded the answer , Motley stated , " For it shall rapidly grow into something our children cannot bear . "
At this , Obama reportedly dropped the large turkey leg in his hand and signaled to nearby Secret Service agents , who seized Motley and dragged him , pleading , to the Executive Dungeon .
The President exited the Hall in a fury , and within minutes had drafted an order of execution by beheading .
Advertisement
" The First Executioner completed his task in one true swing , " said White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who presided over the assembled crowd of some 20,000 onlookers .
" His head has been spitted on a pike and displayed facing E Street as a warning to they who would mock our most precipitously extended federal debt . "
In his career , Motley entertained three presidents , capered at five White House Correspondents ' Dinners , and hosted a season of Comedy Central 's Premium Blend .
He is the first sitting White House Jester to be executed since the 1998 drawing and quartering of his predecessor , Dennis Miller , on the National Mall .
Advertisement
Analysts said that while Motley was an eminently skilled wit , he erred in taking on such a sensitive issue , overstepping the satirical authority normally afforded the Office of White House Jester :
In fact , the last Jester to survive a debt joke was Harding Administration Jester Chauncey , who spent five days in the stocks by the Reflecting Pool .
Others placed the blame squarely on Obama 's famously volatile temper .
" Only a month after murdering the Presidential Physician for telling him to quit smoking and jog more , Obama has again displayed his wrath with bloodshed , " Washington Post reporter Brian Halloran said .
" He must control himself better if he wants to be remembered with a flattering cognomen at the end of his term . "
News
Site Tools
Newsletter info
Advanced search
Quick links Share on Facebook Like us on Facebook Share on Twitter Follow on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on FriendFeed Subscribe on FriendFeed Blog on Blogger Share on Tumblr Follow on Google + E-mail to a friend Latest news Press releases Site map Link to us Buddy icons Log Cabin quiz AIM to a friend Print page More news ...
Latest headlines
Other news sites Log Cabin news 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 , Jul - Dec 2005 , Jan- Jun 2004 , Jul - Dec 2004 , Jan- Jun 2003 2002 2001 , Jul - Dec 2001 , Jan-Jun 2000 , Jul - Dec 2000 , Jan- Jun 1999 , Jul - Dec 1999 , Jan- Jun 1998 , Jul - Dec 1998 , Jan- Jun 1995 - 1997
Al Gore 's Connection to Fred Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kansas
Gore and Wife Tipper Headlined Fundraiser at Fred Phelps ' Topeka Home ; Phelps Family Reportedly Invited to Clinton - Gore Inaugurations in 1993 and 1997
October 25 , 2000
( WASHINGTON , DC ) – Reports linking Vice President Al Gore with notorious anti-gay activist Fred Phelps , Jr. , and the Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kansas were confirmed with the release of photographs showing Gore at a fundraiser at the home of Fred Phelps , Jr. , who told the Conservative News Service on October 16 that he served as a Gore delegate on the floor of the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta in 1988 .
Gore , who was quoted by the Nashville Tennessean in 1984 saying homosexuality is not " an acceptable alternative that society should affirm " and said in his 1984 US Senate race that he would not accept money from gay rights organizations and that he opposed a " gay bill of rights , " reportedly sought the support of the Phelps family in his 1988 presidential campaign , and invited the Phelpses to the Clinton - Gore inaugurations of January 1993 and January 1997 .
The Westboro Baptist Church runs a website called " www.godhatesfags.com " which includes virulent anti-gay statements and attacks on Jews , Catholics , and US troops .
The site calls the religious right " lukewarm cowards " and has an animated photograph of gay murder victim Matthew Shepard surrounded by flames , with a statement entitled " Matthew Shepard 's Message from Hell . "
The Phelps family has gained international notoriety for picketing the funerals of gay people and US troops with signs that say " God Hates Fags . "
Fred Phelps , Sr. , pastor of the church , told CNS that the 1989 fundraiser held at his son's home was for Al Gore , and published several photographs on the church website to substantiate it , including one showing Gore and his wife Tipper arm - in - arm with Fred and Betty Phelps .
Phelps , Sr. also told CNS that he provided office space and staff accommodations for Gore campaign staffers in the 1988 campaign .
Phelps , Sr. told CNS that Gore " looked us in the eye and gave us assurance , that , based on his Bible beliefs , he was against the homosexual agenda and the killing of babies . "
" No one argues that Gore had an anti-gay record in the past .
However , if it is true that he was allied with Fred Phelps as recently as 1997 , then Al Gore 's got a lot of explaining to do , " said Rich Tafel , executive director of Log Cabin Republicans .
" At this time the sources are themselves questionable , so the Vice President can end this mystery by denying any relationship with Phelps now .
Most troubling is the charge that Al Gore invited Fred Phelps to his inaugurations as Vice President in 1993 and 1997 .
That was less than three years ago .
We need some answers . "
Fred Phelps , Jr. also ran for Governor of Kansas in the Democratic primary in 1990 , winning over 11,000 votes and placing third .
I was rather intrigued .
No need to add repository separately to get the latest updates ?
I always used Chromium Web Browser , a Google Chrome derivative , and this was actually the first time I was installing Google Chrome itself .
So I am not sure if this hack had already existed before .
After installing Google Chrome from deb in Ubuntu , I went on to check my sources .
list and this was what I found .
I was thinking , why do n't Firefox or even Chromium do something like this .
It is rather useful from a newbie point of view .
I guess everyone here who have been using Ubuntu for sometime knows how hard it is to install latest updates of Firefox or as a matter of fact any other application in Ubuntu .
What do you think ?
How about other applications also following the Google Chrome way ?
Send in your suggestions .
Also Read ..
This is something I have never heard of .
I was trying to install Google Chrome in Ubuntu and in the download page a small note came into my notice .
It goes something like this " Installing Google Chrome will add the Google repository so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date " .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. , March 12 ( UPI ) -- Police in Alpine Township , Mich .
say a 22 - year - old man admitted stabbing himself in the thigh in order to have an excuse for being late to work .
The man , whom authorities did n't identify , at first told Kent County Sheriff 's deputies that he was stabbed outside his apartment building by someone who asked him for a cigarette , WOOD -TV , Grand Rapids , Mich . , reports .
Advertisement
After being re-interviewed , the man admitted stabbing himself Sunday , saying he had overslept and was going to be late to work .
Investigators planned to charge him with filing a false police report .
Alpine Township is just outside of Grand Rapids .
Trololololo , etc .
" Problem , Pyro ? "
Yeah this is just a five - minute P.O.S.
I decided to do for a laugh .
If it 's good , great .
If you think it sucks , well ... that 's probably because it does .
Have fun trolling your enemies and playing it cool !
Notes :
The file contains textures for all nine class masks by default .
If you would prefer not to replace one or more of the mask textures , simply delete the mask_xxx.vtf , where ' xxx ' is the name of the class whose mask you wish to preserve .
When other Albertans saw landfill fodder , 17 - year - old Kyle Schole saw electricity .
His project , " Microbial Degredation of Vehicle Tires , " which uses a strain of bacteria to harness energy from decomposing rubber tires , has n't yet hit the journal circuit .
But it has won the farm - raised teenager a gold - prize at his national science fair .
Schole devised his plan while driving past an Alberta tire recycling plant .
Though his town was already transforming tires into speed bumps and surfacing , he wanted to pop those wheelies into something more .
He decided to make a few calls , and chatted up a few microbiologists from Canada , Scotland , and Australia .
He then had to find the perfect rubber - munching bacteria .
His farm was n't equipped to deal with biohazardous materials so he spent his summer in labs at the Westlock Health Care Centre .
He estimates that the project took him over 400 hours , but in the end he successfully created a microbial fuel cell that converts chemical energy released during the tire 's microbial decomposition into electricity .
For his efforts , he won a $ 6,000 cash prize and a $ 10,000 scholarship to the Canadian university of his choice .
The " science fair maniac " told the The Edmonton Journal : " I 'm a very curious guy -- whether it 's tinkering on the farm with my dad or working on science projects , " said Schole .
" So I 'm often thinking , ' What would be a neat thing to test and improve on ? ' "
For more warm - fuzzies , see the CTV video coverage , with interview .
Related content : DISCOVER : Science Fair for a Better Planet Discoblog : It ’s In the Bag ! Teenager Wins Science Fair , Solves Massive Environmental Problem The Loom : Microbial Art The Loom : I For One Welcome Our Microbial Overlords
Image : flickr / Mykl Roventine
Originally Posted by Rocketman Originally Posted by
Low , medium and high , nice black finish , reflector .
I might have to buy one of these .
This seems as if Surefire has actually made a light for me !
Why is this light not on the Surefire website ?
Where can I buy one ?
In its comments to Victoria Espinel , the American IP enforcement czar , AT&T calls on the government to hold tribunal in which accused infringers will lose their internet access .
It does n't want a full court to evaluate claims of infrigment , just a high - speed , traffic - court - style process by which entire families will lose their lifelines to the electronic society .
AT&T also wants the government to establish a list of banned websites that all ISPs are ordered to block .
But that does n't mean AT&T is opposed to various forms of " three strikes " or " graduated response " programs meant to deter online copyright infringement ; it just wants someone else to implement them .
If the government wants to get into the enforcement business , AT&T would be fine with that .
Actually , the company would be more than fine with the proposal–it suggests that the government get into the business of adjudicating such cases and dishing out penalties .
This might sound like a role for the courts , but AT&T and rightsholders argue that the current legal process is simply too slow and too expensive to deal wisely with online copyright infringement .
Instead , AT&T proposes a " streamlined and reasonable adjudication system for rights holders to resolve civil infringement claims against end users . "
Call it " court lite … "
Also , AT&T thinks that getting the US government into website blocking would be a pretty terrific idea .
AT&T suggests that the Department of Justice " create and maintain a list of international websites known to host and traffic in infringed copyrighted works . "
AT&T wants 3 strikes tribunal , government website blacklist
Overclockers Australia Pix - Page Not Found
The page could not be found .
This may be because :
The page you are trying to view has been deleted by an administrator .
You are attempting to access a page which does not exist at this time .
If an internal link lead you to this page , please notify an administrator .
If an external link lead you to this page , please notify the relevant webmaster .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , May 27 , 2010
Appearing on The Alex Jones Show yesterday , Congressman Ron Paul revealed that through his inside sources he had learned that the people who control the Federal Reserve are panicking about the fact that Americans are waking up to the fact that the U.S. is controlled by the central bank .
“ I had some information passed on to me , sort of inside information , somebody who knew somebody who was well tuned to the people at the Federal Reserve – and they said they are really really concerned about our movement to expose the Fed for what they ’re doing , ” said Paul , adding , “ What they ’re upset or worried about is the fact that more and more people are aware of the Federal Reserve now like never before , ” explaining that exposure will lead to change and a reform of the Federal Reserve .
Paul attributed the success of the freedom movement in the last decade to the growing awareness of the power that the Federal Reserve wields over America .
“ Even those who defend the Fed are very frightened about it , ” added Paul , noting that a growing number of Americans were knowledgeable about the central bank despite the fact that the subject is rarely covered by the education system .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Host Jones made reference to a recent Council on Foreign Relations speech by Trilateral Commission and regular Bilderberg attendee Zbigniew Brzezinski in which he warned that a “ global political awakening , ” in combination with infighting amongst the elite , was threatening to derail the move towards a one world government .
“ I hope he has some real reasons to be worried about that , ” responded the Congressman .
Despite the Senate voting down Ron Paul ’s version of the audit the fed bill earlier this month , a weaker version was passed which will mandate the central bank to reveal which financial institutions received bailout money at the peak of the economic crisis , something the Fed has desperately tried to avoid divulging .
Paul expressed his own disappointment at the watered down bill , but his colleague Congressman Alan Grayson expressed confidence that the stronger provisions of the original House amendment could be added in Committee , ensuring the Federal Reserve does n’t get off the hook , as Congressman Paul has warned .
Paul told host Jones that people should look into which Senators did not vote for the original audit the Fed bill , characterizing the weakened version as “ A bailout for the system and for the Federal Reserve . ”
Paul said he was going to try and influence the bill in conference by adding stronger provisions .
“ I think right now the cards are stacked against us but we ’re going to keep fighting because the more attention we get and the more people know , I ink we can be proud of how far we ’ve gotten already , ” said Paul .
Watch the full interview with Ron Paul below .
PART 1
PART 2
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
HOUSTON -- Houston
Texans linebacker Brian Cushing said Thursday he never used any banned substances even though he tested positive for a performance - enhancing drug .
Cushing was suspended for four games without pay last week for violating the NFL 's drug policy .
His appeal was denied .
Cushing confirmed he tested positive for HCG , a fertility drug that is on the league 's banned substance list .
" The question of how it got into my body is still unclear , " he said .
" It 's something that I 'm very personally concerned about , just the fact that how it 's there and what 's going to determine it from happening again , and that 's something we 're going to have to medically investigate . "
He said that after failing the test , he was told HCG can get in your body from injecting it or because of tumors .
He said this information led him to believe he had tumors .
He did not say what kind of tumors .
" I personally know I 'm not injecting myself with anything , " he said .
" I played the whole season thinking this could not only be my last season , but my last year . "
Cushing added he is concerned about his health and plans to undergo tests to see " how this got into my body " and to try to make sure it does n't happen again .
In a statement Saturday , Cushing said the test indicated " the presence of a non-steroidal banned substance . "
He said he took the test in September and was notified of the results in October .
Dr. Gary Wadler , who leads the committee that determines the World Anti-Doping Agency 's banned - substances list , said there have been cases of malignant testicular tumors producing HCG .
Still , those cases are " extremely rare . "
" If he had a tumor that produced HCG , he would n't be playing football , " Wadler said of Cushing .
" He would be under treatment for a malignant tumor . "
Wadler also noted if Cushing tested positive once because of such a tumor , HCG levels would be consistently elevated and he would continue to have positive tests .
" Malignant testicular tumors producing HCG are rather lethal , " Wadler said .
" It is a fairly aggressive tumor and you 're not playing in the NFL with one . "
Cushing retained The Associated Press NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year award in a revote Wednesday prompted by the penalty .
He won the original balloting in January with 39 votes out of 50 from a nationwide panel of sports writers and broadcasters who cover the NFL .
This time , he got 18 votes to 13 for Buffalo 's Jairus Byrd and 12 for Green Bay 's Clay Matthews III .
He is offended that some in the media have called for him to give up the award .
" Why ?
I know I did n't do anything , " he said .
" I earned that award .
I did everything I could .
I was disappointed with the revote , but I have to respect the process again .
But , no , I would never .
I know what I did . "
Fellow Texans linebacker DeMeco Ryans spoke on behalf of Cushing 's teammates after Cushing spoke .
Ryans was pleased Cushing retained the award that he also won after his rookie season in 2006 .
" It was very important for him , it was a huge award and I was happy that he got it again and he deserved it again , " he said .
" He was the best rookie defensive player there was and he went out and proved that .
Coming in this year after he 's gone those four games I do n't see any drop - off in what Cushing is going to bring to us .
You 'll see that same level of play . "
Cushing read from a statement before taking questions .
Coach Gary Kubiak and general manager Rick Smith sat nearby ; neither commented before leaving .
Cushing said he was sorry he had become a distraction for the team .
" That 's the thing I 'm regretful about , is the fact that it 's taken away from the Texans organization , " Cushing said .
" That 's not going to change our goal .
That 's not going to change our achievements .
We 're going full speed ahead toward a championship . "
The Texans have never been to the playoffs , but finished 9 - 7 for their first winning season in 2009 , with Cushing 's help on a young defense .
This summer , from the 3rd to 11th of July , the KDE community will gather in Tampere , Finland for our yearly summit .
We 're happy to announce that the full program for Akademy 2010 has been decided upon .
Check it out and see what to expect !
Akademy is the annual conference of the KDE community and open to all who share an interest in what we do and have accomplished .
This conference brings together artists , designers , programmers , translators , users , writers and other contributors to celebrate the achievements of the past year .
Moreover , at Akademy visions for the next year are defined in mutual discussions between the participants .
Of course we will also work on our technology , enjoy good company and entertainment and check out Tampere .
The conference provides a great opportunity to meet likeminded people , to discuss and share ideas , learn about the latest desktop technology and be excited about what is coming .
This year 's Akademy conference program includes many exciting talks regarding the KDE community , development , applications , platforms , mobile computing , and cloud computing .
The conference will open on day 1 with a keynote from Valtteri Halla ( Nokia ) who will speak about MeeGo redefining the Linux desktop landscape .
On day 2 , long - time KDE contributor and visionary Aaron Seigo will give the midday keynote and discuss the future of Free Software and the KDE community .
Registration for Akademy is also open and we urge you to register as soon as possible !
Please see the hotel and travel page for more information about the conference venue , traveling to Tampere , Finland , and finding hotel accommodations .
Help us promote Akademy by linking the official " I 'm going to Akademy 2010 " badge on your website or blog :
( covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities
Jones was a security officer on the space station Deep Space 9 .
Prior to this assignment he served in the command division on board the USS Enterprise -D .
Contents show ]
Service history
2366
Jones was part of a holographic recreation of Ten Forward by Reginald Barclay in late 2366 .
Later the " real " Jones visited Ten Forward when Geordi La Forge and Barclay had a talk .
( TNG : " Hollow Pursuits " )
Also in that year , Jones attended a Mozart concert aboard the Enterprise - D held for Ambassador Sarek and his wife Perrin .
( TNG : " Sarek " )
He also attended the banquet in Ten Forward following the Trade Agreements Conference on Betazed and was talking to a Bolian representative .
( TNG : " Ménage à Troi " )
Wearing a utility uniform , Jones performed maintenance work and repairs in main engineering following damage caused by the Borg in late 2366 .
( TNG : " The Best of Both Worlds " )
2367
Jones passed Commander William T. Riker and Darien Wallace in a corridor when Riker went to the transporter room to welcome the away team back aboard .
( TNG : " The Best of Both Worlds , Part II " )
He was working in sickbay with Gates , Martinez , and other crewmembers after they received instructions by Dr. Beverly Crusher in treating radiation poisoning .
( TNG : " Final Mission " )
He attended the wedding of Miles and Keiko O'Brien in Ten Forward .
( TNG : " Data 's Day " )
Jones was on duty on the bridge , when the Enterprise - D encountered the Paxans .
He was rendered unconscious and lost his memory about the encounter .
Later he was also present when a Paxan joined the body of Deanna Troi and revealed the secret .
( TNG : " Clues " )
Off duty he visited Ten Forward when Captain Picard and Counselor Troi gave Malcorian science minister Mirasta Yale a tour aboard the ship .
( TNG : " First Contact " )
He shared a drink with a female crewmember in Ten Forward when Geordi La Forge told Guinan about Leah Brahms .
( TNG : " Galaxy 's Child " )
He passed Reginald Barclay and Geordi La Forge in a corridor shortly after La Forge found Barclay who did not appear for duty in engineering .
( TNG : " The Nth Degree " )
Off duty he had a drink in Ten Forward when Commander Riker started to flirt with Vash .
( TNG : " Qpid " )
Jones was present in the interrogation room during the hearings of Captain Picard and Crewman Simon Tarses presided by Admiral Norah Satie .
( TNG : " The Drumhead " )
He was walking past Lwaxana Troi and Kaelon scientist Doctor Timicin in a corridor .
( TNG : " Half a Life " )
Jones was working on the bridge when the Enterprise - D transported the Trill Ambassador Odan to peace negotiations to the planet Peliar Zel II .
( TNG : " The Host " )
A holographic recreation of Jones was part of the brainwashing program used by the Romulans in 2367 for Geordi La Forge .
Later , in reality , Jones chatted with a woman in Ten Forward .
( TNG : " The Mind 's Eye " )
He was present and standing in a row in front of the transporter room when Lieutenant Worf left the ship to serve on the IKS Bortas in 2367 .
( TNG : " Redemption " )
2368
He was on duty on the bridge when the Enterprise - D chased the Crystalline Entity .
( TNG : " Silicon Avatar " )
In 2368 , Jones was under the influence of the Ktarian game and played such a game in Ten Forward .
( TNG : " The Game " )
He also visited Ten Forward when Counselor Troi talked to the only survivor of the SS Vico , Timothy .
( TNG : " Hero Worship " )
He was working on an aft station on the bridge while Lieutenant Commanders Data and Geordi La Forge performed research about the incidents of the Iresine Syndrome .
( TNG : " Violations " )
Jones was present during the memorial service for Ro Laren and Geordi La Forge , held in Ten Forward .
He was off duty and clothed in civilian outfit .
( TNG : " The Next Phase " )
2369
He was transferred to Deep Space 9 in 2369 as an ensign where he and a lieutenant visited off duty at Quark's .
( DS9 : " Emissary " )
Jones was part of the repair crew which tried to repair a malfunctioning airlock with three passengers in it .
( DS9 : " Babel " )
The same year he passed Chief O'Brien and Vash in a corridor and passed Quark 's where Vash 's auction for the Gamma Quadrant artifacts was held .
( DS9 : " Q - Less " )
Jones assisted Constable Odo and two Bajoran security deputies in arresting Ilon Tandro , Selin Peers , and the two Klaestron officers after they tried to kidnap Lieutenant Jadzia Dax .
( DS9 : " Dax " )
He was patient at the infirmary when Ty Kajada entered .
Doctor Bashir treated his back injury because he lifted something without using the anti-gravity generator .
( DS9 : " The Passenger " )
The script refers to Jones as N.D. Starfleet crewmember .
Jones replaced Chief O'Brien during his absence from ops , manning his station .
He also visited Quark 's Bar while the Wadi played games in the establishment .
( DS9 : " Move Along Home " )
He assisted Chief Miles O'Brien with repairs on a malfunctioning turbolift on Deep Space 9's
Ops shortly before he got the order to led a repair crew to airlock nine .
( DS9 : " The Nagus " )
Jones and a companion visited Quark 's Bar when two Miradorn twins arrived for a business deal with Quark .
Later , while the Miradorn raider left the station , he served on ops .
( DS9 : " Vortex " )
Jones was chatting with a woman on the promenade when Commander Sisko gave Kai Opaka a tour of the station .
( DS9 : " Battle Lines " )
He served on ops when Major Kira informed Commander Sisko about the arriving Paqu faction , including their tetrarch Varis Sul .
Later he witnessed Odo banishing Jake Sisko and Nog from the second level of the promenade .
( DS9 : " The Storyteller " )
He was one of the security guards that was called to the O'Brien 's quarters when Rumpelstiltskin appeared in Molly O'Brien 's bedroom .
( DS9 : " If Wishes Were Horses " )
Off - duty , Jones was talking outside of Quark's to a civilian when Lwaxana Troi 's latinum hair brooch was stolen .
Later he assisted Major Kira and Commander Sisko in the rescue mission for Doctor Bashir and the ambassadors Vadosia , Taxco , and Lojal and received instructions by Major Kira to prepare a runabout for the possibility the ambassadors needed treatment on Bajor .
( DS9 : " The Forsaken " )
He was standing guard outside Benjamin Sisko's quarters at O'Brien 's orders when parts of the crew were taken over by Saltah 'na .
( DS9 : " Dramatis Personae " )
After Jones served in ops he assisted the stations security in sealing the destroyed school on the promenade .
Later he assisted in guarding the Vedeks Winn Adami and Bareil Antos during their visit on the station .
( DS9 : " In the Hands of the Prophets " )
2370
Jones was on duty on ops when Commander Sisko and a security team left the station to rescue Major Kira from " The Circle " .
( DS9 : " The Circle " )
He was one of two security officers alongside Commander Sisko on ops who pointed their phasers on Eris after her true identity was revealed .
( DS9 : " The Jem' Hadar " )
2371
In 2371 , he had a drink with a female Starfleet officer in Quark's .
( DS9 : " The House of Quark " )
In 2371 , he stood guard of the Jem ' Hadar youth that was being held in a holding cell while Julian Bashir attempted to calm him down .
Odo requested that he wait outside as he talked with the youth .
( DS9 : " The Abandoned " )
Jones passed the security office on the promenade shortly before the station was locked because of an old Cardassian security program .
( DS9 : " Civil Defense " )
He was also serving on the USS Defiant from time to time following its arrival at DS9 in 2371 .
( DS9 : " Second Skin " )
He was standing guard in front of the airlock in the docking ring corridor leading to the Defiant shortly before Thomas Riker abducted Kira Nerys and the ship .
( DS9 : " Defiant " )
During the Bajoran Gratitude Festival Odo left Jones in charge of the station 's security while Odo was partaking in the festivities on the Promenade .
Odo noted that Jones should remain watchful of Quark .
He was sitting behind the desk of the security office , when Lwaxana Troi paid Odo a visit , thereafter , and could not hide his amusement at Lwaxana 's advances towards the Constable .
Ambassador Troi , who caught Jones gawking asked him if they taught him any manners at Starfleet Academy and told him to " run along . "
Odo requested that he return in 5 minutes , Lwaxana told him that he better make it thirty minutes instead .
( DS9 : " Fascination " )
He was later standing guard outside airlock upon the arrival of the Romulan delegation visiting the station , and would open the airlock prior to the Romulans disembarked from their transport .
He would later assist Odo in apprehending the three Klingon Intelligence operatives that were on the station , spying on the Romulan delegation .
( DS9 : " Visionary " )
Jones guarded the tailor shop of Garak after the explosion and during the investigations of Odo and Chief O'Brien ( DS9 : " Improbable Cause " ) and served as guard on the Defiant bridge during the following mission into the Gamma Quadrant .
( DS9 : " The Die is Cast " )
2372
Jones was aboard the Defiant when the Cardassian Detapa Council was rescued at the beginning of the year 2372 .
He was standing by in sickbay when Dr. Bashir asked Gul Dukat to submit to a blood screening .
When Dukat protested , Bashir told Dukat that if he did n't hold his arm out , that he would have Jones do it for him .
Afterward , Jones escorted Dukat to the bridge , only to increase Dukat 's discontent .
Once entering the bridge , Dukat immediately complained to Captain Sisko about his " treatment " by Jones , stating , " Captain , would you kindly inform this security guard that he does n't have to monitor my every move ?
It makes me feel unwelcome . "
( DS9 : " The Way of the Warrior " )
In an alternate timeline after the death of Captain Benjamin Sisko , Jones remained on Deep Space 9 and left the station when the authority was given to the Klingon Empire .
( DS9 : " The Visitor " )
Jones passed Chief O'Brien , Doctor Bashir , and Odo in front of Quark 's shortly before the security chief left for his trip to Earth .
( DS9 : " Homefront " )
Together with Benjamin Sisko , he was crawling though DS9's access tubes to find the missing Jake Sisko who was under the influence of the mysterious Onaya .
( DS9 : " The Muse " )
He was one of the officers briefed by Michael Eddington about a shipment of industrial replicators that was later hijacked by the Maquis .
( DS9 : " For the Cause " )
He was off duty in Quark 's and had a drink when Quark shouted he 'll have to die .
All customers and employees stopped and looked at Quark .
( DS9 : " Body Parts " )
2373
Jones was talking to another Starfleet officer while walking on the Promenade in 2373 when Doctor Bashir passed him .
( DS9 : " Apocalypse Rising " )
Like most other Humans , he was very fond of Tribbles and petted two of the furry creatures when they were re-introduced to the 24th century and were lying around in Quark 's and the promenade .
( DS9 : " Trials and Tribble - ations " )
Together with Doctor Julian Bashir and Lieutenant Commander Worf , he found the unconscious crew of a runabout , consisting of Odo , Jadzia Dax , Elim Garak and Benjamin Sisko in 2373 .
( DS9 : " Things Past " )
In 2373 , Jones was on board the USS Defiant during the Battle of Sector 001 .
He was beamed aboard the USS Enterprise - E when the Defiant began to lose life support after battling the Borg cube near Earth .
After the Enterprise followed a Borg sphere through a temporal vortex to the year 2063 , Jones was part of an away team led by Captain Jean - Luc Picard to Bozeman , Montana , to try to find Dr. Zefram Cochrane , the inventor of warp drive , after Bozeman was attacked by the sphere .
After Cochrane 's historic warp flight , he returned to Deep Space 9 when the Enterprise came back to the 24th century .
( Star Trek : First Contact ; DS9 : " By Inferno 's Light " )
Jones was the security officer standing at the door to the conference room during the induction ceremony of Bajor into the Federation .
He came to the assistance of Captain Sisko after Sisko stumbled into the conference room after having an experience with the Orb of Prophecy .
Admiral Charlie Whatley ordered Jones to take the Captain to the Infirmary , but Jones was pushed away by Sisko , who proceeded to inform the room that Bajor must not join the Federation or it would be destroyed .
( DS9 : " Rapture " ) Shortly thereafter , Jones was assigned to patrol duty , near Runabout Pad E , while the station prepared for an imminent attack by the Dominion .
( DS9 : " By Inferno 's Light " )
Later that year , he was assisting Chief O'Brien with fighting a Cardassian vole infestation .
( DS9 : " Ferengi Love Songs " )
Jones was one of the crewmembers aboard the Defiant who crash - landed on the planet Gaia and met their descendants of an alternate timeline .
On Gaia he was talking to some of the inhabitants and sitting on the market place , reading a book .
( DS9 : " Children of Time " )
He stood guard on the upper level of the promenade after Captain Sisko called for battle stations .
( DS9 : " Call to Arms " )
2374
During the Dominion occupation of Deep Space 9 , Jones served aboard the Defiant and participated in the mission to destroy a Dominion facility near the Argolis Cluster .
( DS9 : " Behind the Lines " )
In 2374 , he was a guest on Jadzia Dax 's bachelorette party .
( DS9 : " You Are Cordially Invited " )
Later that year , he caught Keiko and Miles O'Brien trying to steal a runabout while they were attempting to rescue their daughter Molly .
( DS9 : " Time 's Orphan " )
2375
He was in a lineup observing the list of Federation , Klingon , and Romulan casualties of the Dominion counterattack of the Chin 'toka system .
( DS9 : " Image in the Sand " )
When four genetically engineered humans , including Lauren and Patrick secretly came aboard the station in 2375 , he met the lost civilians in a corridor and asked them , if he could be of assistance .
He was quite startled by Patrick 's response of " That 's a stupid question " .
( DS9 : " Chrysalis " )
He passed Captain Sisko in a corridor shortly after he returned with the Defiant and broke up the search for the missing Worf.
( DS9 : " Penumbra " )
Jones was wounded during the very last battle of the Dominion War , when the USS Defiant was approaching Cardassia .
( DS9 : " What You Leave Behind " )
Memorable quotes
" Chief O'Brien 's orders . " ( DS9 : " Dramatis Personae " )
: " " ) " Chief .
Jones to Security .
I found them .
They were trying to steal a runabout . " ( DS9 : " Time 's Orphan " )
: " " )
" Can I help you ? "
Patrick : " That 's a stupid question . " ( DS9 : " Chrysalis " )
Appendices
Appearances
Background information
Lieutenant Jones was played by regular background actor and Colm Meaney stand - in Randy Pflug who received no on screen credit for almost all of his appearances .
Jones was often seen in the background , usually standing guard or enjoying a drink at Quark's .
He is called " Jones " in at least two episodes , " The Nagus " and " Time 's Orphan " .
In the script for the first episode , he was called " Jonas " . [ 1 ] .
In the second , " Thompson " . [ 2 ]
In the final dialogue of both episodes , however , he is called " Jones " .
External link
fAKdded said :
S pread peanut butter thickly on a cracker .
Top with perfectly cleaned MJ
( no twigs or seeds , and break up any buds ) - about 1gram .
Spread peanut butter on another cracker , and put on top of the MJ , peanut
butter side down , so the layers are cracker , PB , MJ , PB , cracker .
Put on some foil , and bake at 290 - 300 for 20 minutes .
Let cool and eat .
</ pre >
Click to expand ...
Janet Bennion is an associate professor of anthropology at Lyndon State College in Lyndonville , Vermont , specializing in alternative sexuality in nontraditional religious movements in the Intermountain West , specifically among Mormon fundamentalist polygynists .
She has a Ph.D. in Anthropology from University of Utah and a Masters in Social Organization from Portland State University .
Her doctoral expertise lies in cross-cultural perspectives of sexuality , gender and society , and women of the fundamentalist world .
Her scientific publications include two major ethnographic works and two comparative analyses of Mormon polygynous women , as well as many peer - review journal articles .
Women of Principle : Female Networking in Contemporary Mormon Polygyny ( Oxford University Press 1998 ) offers an in - depth study of gender roles and sexual norms in the Apostolic United Brethren sect in the Bitterroot Mountains of Montana , cataloging women ’s conversion stories .
This ethnography shows that while abuses do exist , some women achieve ironic ascendance and satisfaction in fundamentalism .
Desert Patriarchy ( University of Arizona Press 2004 ) presents her theory explaining the role of the desert environment ( Chihuahua , Mexico ) in the development and maintenance of a patriarchal gender ideology .
Her model identifies several factors — male supremacy , female network , non-secular education , imbalanced sex ratios , alternative sexuality , and circumscription — which work to facilitate the longevity of desert patriarchal communities .
Janet Bennion is an associate professor of anthropology , specializing in alternative sexuality in nontraditional religious movements in the Intermountain West , specifically among Mormon fundamentalist polygynists .
She has a Ph.D. in Anthropology from University of Utah and a Masters in Social Organization from Portland State University .
Her doctoral expertise lies in cross-cultural perspectives of sexuality , gender and society , and women of the fundamentalist world .
Her scientific publications include two major ethnographic works and two comparative analyses of Mormon polygynous women , as well as many peer - review journal articles .
Women of Principle : Female Networking in Contemporary Mormon Polygyny ( Oxford University Press 1998 ) offers an in - depth study of gender roles and sexual norms in the Apostolic United Brethren sect in the Bitterroot Mountains of Montana , cataloging women ’s conversion stories .
This ethnography shows that while abuses do exist , some women achieve ironic ascendance and satisfaction in fundamentalism .
Desert Patriarchy ( University of Arizona Press 2004 ) presents her theory explaining the role of the desert environment ( Chihuahua , Mexico ) in the development and maintenance of a patriarchal gender ideology .
Her model identifies several factors — male supremacy , female network , non-secular education , imbalanced sex ratios , alternative sexuality , and circumscription — which work to facilitate the longevity of desert patriarchal communities .
Shu Lai , vice president of the Society of Typographic Aficionados and interactive creative director at the Pereira & O'Dell ad agency in San Francisco , put it this way : “ We do n't necessarily want people to notice the change .
We just want them to be happier . ”
“ Most people walk into the room and they know it is unpleasant .
They know they do n't feel good in the room , but they do n't know why .
An interior designer walks into the room and says , ' It 's the lighting . '
Typefaces work the same way . ”
“ It 's like walking into a room that has bad lighting , ” said Ellen Lupton , curator of contemporary design at the Smithsonian ’s Cooper - Hewitt National Design Museum in New York and author of “ Thinking With Type . ”
But how much change will this online font explosion bring for nondesigners , particularly a public that rarely thinks about fonts at all ?
According to many designers , the change will be subtle — just how it should be .
Good graphic design is generally meant to be invisible , they said , enhancing a reader 's experience of the text but not getting in the way of it .
“ It 's like the ' Wizard of Oz ' moment when they go from black and white to color , ” said Tal Leming , a typeface designer .
“ It 's going to be huge .
It 's going to be absolutely huge . ”
Beginning Tuesday , Monotype Imaging , a Massachusetts company that owns one of the largest collections of typefaces in the world , is making 2,000 of its fonts available to web designers .
The move follows the San Francisco - based FontShop , which put several hundred of its fonts online in February .
In just a few weeks , Font Bureau , a Boston designer of fonts , will make some of its typefaces available online as well .
In other words , a seventh - grader writing a book report on Microsoft Word had more font choices than the person designing Esquire Magazine 's website or the IKEA online catalog .
But now that is about to change .
Since the World Wide Web ’s earliest days , whether you were shopping on Amazon or researching on Google or catching up on news at latimes.com , chances are you were looking at just one of four typefaces -- Arial , Verdana , Georgia or Times -- each formulated for computer monitors and trusted by web designers to display properly on your screen .
Traditionally , the fonts you see when you surf the Web are owned or licensed by Apple or Microsoft or whatever company is running the computer 's operating system .
If a designer wants you to see Caslon ( one of the most popular typefaces for books , but unavailable online ) when you go to her website , you must have Caslon installed on your computer ; otherwise it will default to a font that you do have , such as Times .
When it is really important to show certain lettering — for example , the Los Angeles Times ' gothic - looking header — then a designer would essentially save the type as a photo or graphic .
The correct font would display , but the words would not be selectable , searchable or resizable because according to the computer , they are an image , not text .
Now , if a designer wants you to see Caslon , she can purchase it from the font company that owns it or through services such as Typekit , which has a library of fonts available by subscription .
That font will be delivered to the designer 's website and to anyone viewing it , even if the font is not installed on the computer .
The designer is satisfied because you are seeing what she intended you to see , and the typeface designers are satisfied because they were paid .
Frank Martinez , a New York lawyer who specializes in intellectual property law and who represents several typeface designers and foundries , said the difference between having a font temporarily downloaded to your computer and having it installed permanently on your computer is like hearing a song on the radio versus getting a band 's CD .
“ Either way you receive the music , ” he said .
“ But if you hear it on the radio , you do n't own it , and you can't play it again . ”
A few small foundries started rolling out these temporarily downloadable fonts — the industry term is “ web fonts , ” as opposed to the “ system fonts ” installed on in your computer — in 2007 , but only now have the major font houses followed suit .
Typekit , which launched in November , has 2,000 fonts from several designers available .
The company has more than 100,000 customers including the New York Times , Twitter , Gizmodo and the Wall Street Journal .
Designers have been calling for more fonts to be available on the web for years but faced some pretty significant obstacles .
Popular web browsers such as Safari , Internet Explorer and Firefox were n’t capable of delivering fonts to individual computers .
Bandwidth was n’t fast enough .
Perhaps the biggest hurdle : People who create and license fonts worried that their work would be pirated or given away for free .
“ We 've all been around the Internet from Day One and we 've seen what happened with the music industry , ” Martinez said .
“ Technology is coming , we can't stop it , but we want to put in place a rational methodology so if a customer wishes to license a font they can .
Rather than hold back the sea , we 've built a boat . ”
While most designers are excited about the opportunities all these new font options will afford , not all of them are convinced that it will lead to beautiful Web design .
“ It 's great , but it 's also horrible , ” Lai said .
“ Now if people want some random handwriting site , they can have one .
It 's going to go through growing pains , there 's no question about that . ”
Allan Haley , director of words and letters for Monotype Imaging , equates it to the desktop publishing revolution of the mid-’80s .
“ We saw a lot of horribly typographic examples back then , and a lot of ' because I can , I will , ' design , ” he said .
“ People were mixing up typefaces and there was this horrible goulash , but it pretty quickly went away .
You do n't want to sell people short .
I think we are seeing much better graphic communication on every level now . ”
Stephen Coles , type director of FontShop and editor of the typography blog Typographica , is similarly hopeful .
“ I was originally concerned because Web designers are not necessarily trained in typography , but I do n't think it is going to be so heinous , “ he said .
“ I think Web designers are pretty savvy about what things work . ”
-- Deborah Netburn
Illustration credit : Los Angeles Times
To illustrate how Web fonts will look different than system fonts , the designers at Monotype Imaging created the following visual .
The image on the left uses system fonts : Microsoft Corporation ’s Verdana® ( heads ) ; Monotype ’s Times New Roman® ( nav , paragraph in brackets ) and Monotype ’s Arial® ( paragraph copy , What ’s Hot & Recent Posts ) .
The image on the right uses web fonts : Linotype ’s Coronet® " finally , fashion that 's frugal " ; Monotype Imaging ’s Parma ( family ) is used for the serif text , and the sans serif text is in Monotype Imaging ’s Felbridge .
California design :
Get news , sales alerts and more by joining our Facebook page .
Hours after Maoist rebels detonated a landmine under a bus in central India on Monday , killing about 35 people including policemen , Home Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram was unapologetic in his criticism of civil society organisations that he said were getting in the way of the state ’s efforts to contain the rebels .
It is “ almost fashionable ” to be sympathetic to the Maoist cause , Chidambaram said in an interview to NDTV news channel .
In defending the rebels and questioning the motives of the government — and not of the rebels — they were weakening the apparatus of the state , he said .
Maoist rebels have been romanticised by some writers and filmmakers , portrayed as modern - day Robin Hoods fighting the establishment and corporate greed to protect the rights of the poor and the marginalised .
Rights activists , some NGOs and writers , including Booker Prize winner Arundhati Roy , have slammed the government for failing to address what they say is the root cause of the Maoists ’ fight : isolation from India ’s economic growth party .
The government offensive has brought charges of excessive force and human rights abuses .
This is set to grow with Chidambaram indicating there was broad support for the use of air strikes against the rebels .
The government , in turn , has argued rebels , who control vast swathes of some of the most resource - rich but desperately poor areas in the country , are keeping the fruits of development from reaching the very people it claims to protect .
A healthy debate is the hallmark of a robust democracy ; stifling criticism is no way to win hearts and minds .
If , as Chidambaram claims , the government is ready to accept responsibility , then it should not shy away from scrutiny from rights groups who question the government ’s methods or motives .
Questioning the government or its tactics should not be cause for condemnation .
Or are the battle lines so clearly drawn here that there is no room for debate ?
1 . The hipsters may just make it .
If a 21kt nuclear device was set off in downtown New York City , the overpressure from the blast would only be strong enough to kill instantly within about a 1/3 mile radius .
This means that the denizens of Brooklyn would survive the initial explosion , but would have to take shelter from the inevitable nuclear fallout .
( via )
2 . If the blast does n't kill you , the heat will .
The heat generated by a nuclear explosion can reach about 9,000 degrees , which is hotter than the surface of the Sun .
The thermal component accounts for about 1 /3rd of a nuclear weapons power .
It 's hot enough to permanently burn an object 's shadow onto a surface behind it .
( via )
3. Despite popular belief , Twinkies wo n't save you .
Despite what popular culture would like us to believe , Twinkies do not have the radiation resistant , preservative - packed shelf life we would like to think they do .
According to Hostess , a Twinkie stays good for about 25 days , and is as susceptible to nuclear radiation as any other food .
( via )
4. Cockroaches are not the only things that will survive .
Everyone knows that a cockroach can survive higher dosages of nuclear radiation than humans , but they are n't alone .
The Mythbusters proved that a number of insects are remarkably resistant to the effects of nuclear radiation .
5 . The US has " misplaced " 8 nuclear weapons .
The Defense Department has a special name for nuclear weapons that have gone missing .
They are known as " Broken Arrows " .
During the Cold War , the United States lost track of 8 nuclear weapons ( a combined explosive force 2,200 times the bomb dropped on Hiroshima ) .
6 . It only takes about 35 lbs of enriched Uranium to make an atomic bomb .
It takes as little as 35 pounds of enriched Uranium , and as little as 9 pounds of enriched Plutonium to construct a nuclear weapon .
Luckily , the facilities required to enrich raw Uranium are expensive , and are larger than 5 football fields .
( via )
7 . People exposed to nuclear fallout are eight times more likely to develop mutations .
A study from 1956 found that people living in a nuclear test site in Kazakhstan were 8 times more likely to develop genetic mutations , and their children 's genetic mutation risk had increased five - fold .
( via )
8 . Only 3 feet of water can protect you from nuclear fallout .
After the initial attack , fallout can linger for months .
Fortunately , it only takes 5 inches of steel , 16 inches of brick , 2 feet of packed earth , or 3 feet of water to protect against radioactive fallout .
( via )
9 . A Neutrino beam could ( theoretically ) neutralize any nuclear weapon .
In theory , a weapon that fires a neutrino beam could effectively neutralize a nuclear bomb anywhere on the planet , but it would need to be 1000 km wide , require 50 gigawatts of power ( enough power to run a city ) and would cost $ 100 billion dollars to construct .
( via )
Washington ( CNN ) --
Ukraine announced Monday that it will get rid of all its highly enriched uranium , which can be used in nuclear weapons , within the next two years .
The announcement by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich followed his meeting with President Obama before the start of a 47 - nation summit on nuclear security .
In an exclusive interview with CNN on Monday , Yanukovich said that most of his nation 's highly enriched uranium would be gone by the end of 2010 .
" The Ukraine has quite a number of power plants and various universities and research institutes where we are trying to understand to best utilize nuclear in a peaceful means , " Yanukovich told CNN foreign affairs correspondent Jill Dougherty .
" We are working on it .
However , we are already taking the necessary step to remove highly enriched uranium from the country .
By the end of this year , Ukraine is going to have the larger part of this uranium taken out of the country . "
A White House statement said Obama " praised Ukraine 's decision as a historic step and a reaffirmation of Ukraine 's leadership in nuclear security and nonproliferation . "
" Ukraine joins the United States in the international effort to convert civil nuclear research facilities to operate with low enriched uranium fuel , which is becoming the global standard in the 21st century , " the statement said .
Yanukovich indicated that the final destination of the highly enriched uranium could be Russia .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the destination had yet to be determined , but he said Russia was likely to be one of the countries to receive such nuclear materials .
The White House statement said the United States will provide financial and technical assistance to Ukraine to get rid of its highly enriched uranium .
According to Gibbs , the uranium that Ukraine will give up is enough to construct several nuclear weapons .
He said Ukraine would convert its nuclear energy facilities to operate on low - enriched fuel .
Gibbs said similar announcements by other nations could come during the summit , which comprises 47 nations discussing how to secure nuclear weapons and materials old and new to prevent them from getting into the hands of terrorists and rogue states .
The United States was prepared to help other nations take similar steps to Ukraine 's , Gibbs said .
" The goal is to do all that we can , " Gibbs said , adding : " Our assistance and the assistance of our partners and our allies will be important , not just this week but in the coming years . "
A White House fact sheet on Monday 's announcement called Ukraine " an international leader on disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation and a valued partner in implementation of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START ) since its historic 1994 decision ( along with Kazakhstan and Belarus ) to remove all nuclear weapons from its territory and to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . "
From 1994 to 1996 , the document said , Ukraine eliminated all of the intercontinental ballistic missile silos and 5,000 nuclear munitions , including 2,000 strategic - range munitions , long - range cruise missiles and strategic bombers , that remained on its territory following the breakup of the Soviet Union .
We thank R. Burk for discussions that led the authors to focus on the interesting new scientific principles governing the catastrophic collapse of coupled networks .
We also thank V. Rosato for providing the Italy 2003 blackout data .
S.V.B. thanks the Office of Academic Affairs of Yeshiva University for funding the Yeshiva University high - performance computer cluster and acknowledges the partial support of this research through the Dr. Bernard W. Gamson Computational Science Center at Yeshiva College .
S.V.B. , G.P. and H.E.S. thank the Office of Naval Research for support .
S.H. thanks the European EPIWORK project and the Israel Science Foundation for financial support .
We thank E. Leicht and R. de Souza for discussing their unpublished work with us .
Author Contributions S.V.B. , R.P. , G.P. , H.E.S. and S.H. all participated equally in the conceptual design of the model , the theoretical analysis , the computer simulations and the writing of the paper .
Why do so many bad movies have one good scene each ?
All of a sudden , the awfulness goes away , and the movie starts living up to its potential .
The performances click , the action is exciting .
Here are 20 - odd examples .
Advertisement
When a terrible — or just mediocre — movie suddenly has one shining moment of greatness , it paradoxically makes you more angry at the rest of the movie .
These people have been holding out on us !
They had it in them all along to do something better , and they totally punted .
Sometimes , it feels like you 're watching a totally different movie for a moment , and sometimes it feels like the same movie , only they blew all their cash on one great set piece .
Sometimes , it 's just like the ingredients finally come together for one moment of goodness .
So check it out :
I , Robot :
Like we said before , Will Smith 's killer - robot movie was mostly a great disappointment , especially if you expected it to be even remotely Asimovian .
But the very last scene was actually a huge improvement , as the robots finally started showing self - awareness and we got hints that Alan Tudyk 's robot was going to lead them to become independent :
Advertisement
The Only Good Scene In " I , Robot " For those of us who loved Isaac Asimov 's I , Robot , the Will Smith movie was a pile of confusing …
Read more
Pandorum :
Actually , movies sucking until their very last moments is a theme we 've noticed .
This space - mutants film had an absolutely crackerjack ending , and if the rest of the movie had lived up to its final two minutes , we would have been thrilled .
( And yes , this is a spoiler , since it 's the end of the movie . )
Check it out :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The One :
Yet another movie that sucked except for its final two moments .
Most of the movie is watching Jet Li fight his obvious stunt double as they battle to be the only Jet Li remaining in the multiverse .
But then the evil Jet Li is sent to a prison planet in the Hades Dimension , where he proceeds to show the other inmates why they will all be his bitches :
Advertisement
Escape From L.A. :
Another movie which is a bit underwhelming — except for the classic ending , where Snake finally outwits the president and turns off the world .
" Welcome to the human race ! " Heh .
Advertisement
Deep Blue Sea :
Renny Harlin 's genetically awesomeified shark movie was more notable for its flaws than for its jaws .
But there 's one moment which will live in our hearts forever , where Samuel L. Jackson stands up for what he believes in , speaks up and rallies everybody to do the right thing — and then the unexpected happens :
D- War :
Another dragon movie that was n't that great .
Except for the one great climactic moment where dragons actually fought helicopters , and we all won :
Dragons vs. Helicopters - Who Wins ?
This is probably my favorite giant monster scene ever , just because it shows dragons fighting …
Read more
Advertisement
The Time Machine :
The 2002 movie of H.G. Wells ' novel , directed by his great - grandson Simon Wells , started out a bit silly and then got drastically sillier as it went along .
But there 's one scene in that movie that has a place in our hearts forever :
The great bit where the time traveler visits the future , where stupid humans have broken the Moon into pieces :
Planet of The Apes :
We 're amazed they still let Tim Burton do big movies after he blew this all to hell .
But the one thing this movie really did right was the incredible scene of the apes running , like actual apes — which has since been done to death in other movies .
But it was really great when this film did it :
Advertisement
Independence Day :
Yeah , Mac virus takes down alien spaceships , yadda yadda .
But there are 20 seconds of this film that we have a huge soft spot for : the alien sucker punch .
The Amazing Colossal Man :
This is a perfect example of a pulpy old - school scifi thriller that has one memorable scene — where the giant guy tosses the huge hypodermic needle and impales a poor scientist with it .
And as with so many movies with one great scene , it's in the trailer ( at about 1:35 ) :
Soldier :
Okay , any movie with Kurt Russell in it can't really be considered a " bad " movie .
But this early Paul W.S. Anderson gem is n't exactly a great movie either — except for the long montage at the beginning where we see babies being trained to become supersoldiers , by watching dogs kill boars ' n ' shit .
( It starts about a minute in , in this video below . )
The 6th Day :
One of Arnie 's later films , and not really his best work .
He 's sort of sleepwalking through this tale of cloning , in which he has to meet himself and punch himself in the face for sleeping with his wife .
It 's cute , but not that great .
Except when we meet Sinpal Sindy , a creepy android doll who is a callback to the creepy taxi android from Total Recall :
Reign Of Fire :
God , what a letdown .
But it 's really true that there are a couple of great bits , including the part where we meet the male dragon for the first time :
The part where Christian Bale and Gerard Butler re-enact Star Wars is also a great candidate for this movie 's one decent scene .
Advertisement
Watch Gerard Butler and Christian Bale Reenacting Star Wars
The actors and plot of the film Reign of Fire sound like pure win .
It 's got Butler .
It 's got Bale .
Read more
Star Wars : The Phantom Menace :
Speaking of Star Wars , the prequels were mostly a giant anticlimax , especially the first one .
But enough has been said about that already .
And when we polled our inner cabal of mindwiped geniuses online , they all pointed to this one moment — where Darth Maul first confronts the two Jedi and reveals that he has a double - edged lightsaber — as the one non-sewerish moment from the first prequel .
Although the fight that follows is a bit meh :
Advertisement
The Last Starfighter :
We still have a soft spot in our hearts for this 1980s space opera / video - game - wish - fulfillment movie .
But it does n't actually hold up that great if you watch it today — the whole " hero rejects the call to adventure " section takes up about half the movie , and the protagonist is kind of hard to like .
But when they actually start , you know , starfighting , it 's pretty great .
And the " Death Blossom " is just ... wow .
Advertisement
Mission To Mars :
God , what a clunker .
But the bit where Tim Robbins sacrifices himself by depressurizing his helmet rather than letting everyone else get killed rescuing him is one of the coolest death scenes ever .
Advertisement
The Thing From Another World :
Generally not as great as the 1982 John Carpenter remake .
But the bit where they electrocute and incinerate the monster , aka Gunsmoke 's James Arness , is classic :
Advertisement
The Chronicles Of Riddick :
Actually , this is a good movie , if you just watch the director 's cut instead of the messed up theatrical version .
But everybody loves the " kill you with my teacup " scene .
When I polled my online friends about good scenes from bad movies , this was one of the ones that came up the most .
Because it 's Vin Diesel at his most murderously awesome .
King Kong :
Oh , Peter Jackson .
What were you thinking ?
Still , the one scene where Jack Black takes the captive giant super - ape and shows it off on stage , only to have the creature go on a mad rampage , is pretty great actually .
Advertisement
Wolverine :
We were pretty underwhelmed by this dull , lifeless outing in which Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber stumble through " WTF just happened " scenes , one after the other .
And yet , the sequence where Logan gets adamantium agonizingly pumped into his skeleton is pretty amazing , and — you guessed it — it 's prominently featured in the trailer .
Advertisement
Event Horizon :
Another Paul W.S. Anderson classic .
The spaceship - visits - Hell movie is a bit turgid , but you have to love Laurence Fishburne running down a twirly corridor being chased by the traditional fireball , only to jump through a dilating doorway just in time .
( It 's at about 2:50 in this video below ) :
I have a feeling we 're just barely scratching the surface here .
What 's your favorite great scene from a terrible movie ?
Feel free to suggest some in comments below !
Advertisement
Additional reporting by Kelly Faircloth .
Thanks also to Annalee Newitz , Meredith Woerner , Greta Christina , Eileen Gunn , Matthew Clark , Jennifer Joseph , Wayne Nix , Sharon Zohar , Jessy Randall , Stefani Madison , España Sheriff , Kevin Schmidt , Larry Young , Maureen McHugh , Theresa DeLucci , Robert Meyer Burnett , Tiffany Leigh , Nick Mamatas , Gwenda Bond , Karen Meisner , Kyle Brown Watson , Laura Oppenheimer , Genevieve Valentine , Michael Nixon , Rus McLaughlin , Andrew Liptak , Deric Hughes , Yoz Grahame , and anyone else we forgot !
Introduction
As Sarah Palin continues to make political headlines , the mania surrounding her future and potential GOP presidential primary candidacy is heating up .
Some think she 'll start a conservative think tank , but many hope she runs for the highest office in the land .
So would she make a good president or not ?
To answer this , we quizzed our large group of political insiders on whether she would make a good or bad president .
Following are the 10 reasons Sarah Palin would make a good president .
advertisement
advertisement
Starting today , Square aims to make credit card sales as easy for retailers with an iPhone as it is for some dude selling a couch on Craigslist .
With Square , anyone can accept credit or debit card payments by downloading the app and plugging a little plastic cube into the headphone jack of an iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad , or Android phone .
After a quick swipe of the card through the reader , the merchant turns the device over to the customer to sign his or her name on the touchscreen using a finger instead of a pen .
The customer can add a tip , either by percentage or a particular amount , and then enters their phone number or email address .
In the best case , the receipt message will buzz in the customer ’s pocket as an email or SMS text message while walking away with their purchase .
Customers are charged as usual by their banks or credit card companies , and Square settles up the net funds with merchants each night instead of at the end of the month .
The swiper and application are both free and include access to an online dashboard with analytics that help merchants track exactly what they ’ve been selling .
“ With Square the goal is to get people in immediately , and make the transaction as smooth and simple as possible , ” says Jack Dorsey , the brains behind Square and the cofounder and chairman of Twitter .
advertisement
About 1,000 users are currently using the Square card swipers as part of a pilot program , and Dorsey expects to have distributed several million more within three months ( a cash - only iPad version is already out ) .
The band Spoon has been using it to sell merchandise on the road , and Dorsey says management and record companies have asked him when it ’s available .
The charity Tipping Point used 25 iPod Touches to take donations by going table - to - table at a fundraising event ( multiple devices can be logged into one account ) .
Reshma Saujani , a democratic congressional candidate for New York ’s 14th District , has been using Square to take donations during her campaign events .
She ’s running against an incumbent who ’s held the seat for 18 years and has raised 29 % of her funds from political action committees ( PACs ) .
Saujani , on the other hand , has pledged to take no money from political actions committees .
Instead , she ’s deploying iPhone - carrying campaigners to solicit donations door - to - door and at large outdoor events .
“ For young candidates who are n’t going to have as big a budget as their opponents it ’s a great equalizer , ” Saujani says .
“ If people make a small donation they are more likely to come out and vote and feel connected to your campaign . ”
[ A detailed look at what Square is offering merchants can be found in the next story , Getting Square : A Guide to the New Mobile Credit Card Payment System for iPhone and Android . ]
Square was borne out of necessity , and far from Wall Street , with a St. Louis glass blower named James McKelvey .
He hand crafts high - end faucets and fittings –the sort of thing that someone could fall in love with , but does n’t really need .
And when he makes a sale , it ’s usually a spur of the moment buy .
Trouble is , he only accepts cash at his studio , and if someone only has a credit card the sale is lost and unlikely to return .
McKelvey explained this problem to his friend Dorsey , who is a natural tinkerer , and the pair decided to investigate how the merchant credit card accounting process worked .
It did n’t take them long to discover that there was indeed a way for McKelvey , and everyone else , to begin accepting credit cards without having to pay exorbitant fees .
All it required was cutting out the middle - man , which the Internet is famously good at , and bringing the card swiping process into the mobile phone era .
“ So we took a month and we built a prototype , ” Dorsey says .
The cofounders showed it at the Allen & Company conference in 2009 , and received backing from Khosla Ventures not long after .
advertisement
To understand the disruption that could be caused by Square , it helps to understand how convoluted the credit card system is now .
Most merchants accept credit cards after being approached by an independent sales organization that offers to set up the process in exchange for a monthly fee , plus a gateway fee , and the cost of a card reader .
After that , the card company takes a percentage of every transaction .
The lowest rate offered is around 1.79 % , but the rate is variable and for reward cards it can run as high as 4 % of every sale ( it ’s not the credit card companies that are paying for your free flights , it ’s the merchants who foot that bill in the end ) .
These fees are deducted from the merchant ’s account at the end of the month along with any charge backs when someone refutes a sale .
This makes it difficult for small and medium businesses to accurately gauge their cash flow from month to month .
Maybe that ’s why , according to a report by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia , of the 30 million businesses in the U.S. with under $ 100 k in revenue , only 6 million accept credit cards .
“ The industry encourages a lot of bad behavior , ” says Dorsey .
And as a result of the financial crisis , “ more and more of a microscope is being placed on the industry by Washington . ”
Enter Square with a more transparent alternative .
The fee charged for each transaction is 2.75 % plus 15 cents .
Not the lowest available , but it ’s a reliable fee regardless of the type of card used .
And Dorsey says that Square accepts most every variety of U.S. plastic , and can even be used with cash .
The card reader device is an inexpensive piece of electronics–it ’s not industrial strength , but it does the job and there are alternatives for businesses that need it ; Square has already partnered with the makers of the card reader used in Apple stores , which is both sturdier and powered by its own battery .
Square ’s nearly instant transactions offers an added security benefit for customers as well :
They ’ll be notified immediately about any unauthorized use of their card or numbers should anyone run it through Square .
Customers can add yet another layer of security by visiting the Square site .
Along with seeing receipts , there is the ability to associate a photo with the account that will appear on screen with every swipe .
advertisement
Square shares very little about you with the merchant , and does n’t even keep your credit card number on file .
Although a phone number or email address is needed for the transaction , that is not shared with the merchant , only with Square .
And the credit card data is encrypted and passed directly to the card company .
“ We do n’t store any card information whatsoever , ” Dorsey says .
At the same time , Square gives the merchant just enough to recognize repeat customers and offer them incentives .
In the dashboard , a merchant can customize a notifier for , say , every tenth visit by the same customer or any time a customer spends more than $ 100 .
This notification will appear on screen after the swipe and allow the merchant to offer a discount or giveaway .
Using Square is both a foolproof and attractive experience .
Early in the process , the company contracted 22 - year - old former designer Robert Andersen to create the interface .
“ We have a whole team that focuses on making sure every pixel is implemented correctly , ” says Dorsey .
“ We have a great discipline in design and how we present ourselves . ”
Square has already run into a spot of legal trouble : Bob Morley , an
electrical engineering professor at Washington University
and longtime family friend to Square ’s cofounder Jim McKelvey , claims
to own the patent on the technology behind the card reader .
And there are plenty of other attempts underway to upend the credit card industry , either through direct mobile payment , such as Obopay , or by improving the way credit cards already work , with social finance sites like Swipely .
And Intuit already offers GoPayment , which enables mobile phone credit card payments for a $ 12.95 monthly service fee , and optional card swipe hardware for between $ 145 and $ 219 .
There are likely to be other competitors as well , since this market is so ripe for change .
But none of the current offerings are as simple , or offer as much extra value to merchants , as Square .
The new videos released yesterday showed evidence of an additional 25,000 barrels a day gushing from the smaller leak .
The total amount of oil gushing into the Gulf is now estimated to be 95,000 barrels a day , 19 times BP 's estimate of 5,000 barrels .
The latest video footage of the leaking Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico show that oil is escaping at the rate of 95,000 barrels — 4 million gallons — a day , nearly 20 times greater than the 5,000 barrel a day estimate BP and government scientists have been citing for nearly three weeks , an engineering professor told a congressional hearing Wednesday .
Steve Wereley , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University , earlier this month made simple calculations from a video BP released on May 12 and came up with a flow of 70,000 barrels a day , NPR reported last week .
Werely on Wednesday told a House Commerce and Energy Committee subcommittee that his calculations of two leaks that show up on videos BP released on Tuesday showed 70,000 barrels from one leak and 25,000 from the other
The Kemp 's Ridley sea turtle which lives only in the Gulf barely survived a blow out in 1979 .
Turtle numbers have gradually recovered to 8,000 .
However , the BP spill threatens the Kemp 's Ridley with extinction .
Federal officials said Tuesday that since April 30 , 10 days after the accident on the Deepwater Horizon , they have recorded 156 sea turtle deaths ; most of the turtles were Kemp ’s ridleys .
And though they cannot say for sure that the oil was responsible , the number is far higher than usual for this time of year , the officials said .
....
As recently as the 1940s , they were abundant in the Mexican gulf waters .
Tens of thousands at a time would come ashore on the same day at Rancho Nuevo , a remote Mexican beach in Tamaulipas State , to lay their eggs in the synchronized pattern unique to their breed .
But pollution , the collection of eggs for food and aphrodisiacs and the nets of shrimp trawlers depleted their numbers .
Then came the blowout on the Ixtoc 1 .
The deepwater well dumped three million barrels of crude into the gulf , covering the beach at Rancho Nuevo .
Nine thousand hatchlings had to be airlifted to nearby beaches .
Although the role of the oil in killing the turtles was never confirmed , by 1985 , there were fewer than 1,000 Kemp ’s ridleys left .
Oil is also threatening to the brown pelican that just came off the endangered species list .
The brown pelican is particularly at risk because it dives beneath the water 's surface to forage .
Not only could pelicans eat tainted fish and feed it to their young , but their feathers could become oil - soaked , causing hypothermia or drowning .
... Officials say they do n't know the death toll from the spill , although state wildlife veterinarian James LaCour said 10 oil - soaked bird carcasses have been found in Louisiana .
....
Three oily brown pelicans have been found alive .
Two other pelicans have turned up dead , but the cause is uncertain .
WKRG.com News
Taught a few hundred guys by now just from meeting guys through PAIR and in workshops recently , and this is the shit that ups their game instantly with no tactics or anything .
I see this shit ALL THE TIME .
It 's the BIGGEST and most COMMON problem I see after everyone I 've met .
This is some of the main shit I focus on fixing when I 'm in the field .
Almost EVERYONE
I met so far screws up this shit , and it totally fucks up their sarges .
If you do this , do n't feel bad .
99 % of guys I meet do it to various extents ( myself included ) .
This is the extension of the " 10 alpha qualities " post , which was when I was first figuring out what this shit meant .
Back then , I was just posting observations .
This post contains conclusions , having now thought about it .
ERADICATE this shit , and your game will go up B - I - G - T - I - M - E , more than ANY tactics will help you .
This is part of what 's called being a " natural " .
Even with nothing else , if you know this stuff you 'll do well socially , and probably get laid .
This stuff is the KEY .
This stuff is only for people who play the REAL game , not the INTERNET ARMCHAIR GAME .
So guys who do n't actually PLAY can skip this , because there 's not much theory in it - its directly applicable .
1 ) FIDGETY MOVEMENTS AND TIGHT SHOULDERS AND TAKING YOURSELF TOO SERIOUSLY OR BEING TOO BUSINESSLIKE OR " SOPHISTICATED " ( not laughing or being relaxed ) = very visible subconsious ( or conscious ) self - doubt , overcompensating through non-relaxed state , where you 're prepared to deal with anything that could happen .
Ever met someone who does n't blink when you talk to them ?
2 ) TALKING TOO FAST = worried that people will stop listening to you unless you get out something that will interest them before they leave
3 ) LAUGHING AT YOUR OWN JOKES = covering up that you are n't affected that others did n't laugh , and social nervousness
4 ) SAYING " RIGHT " OR " YOU KNOW " AFTER STATEMENTS = seeking validation that what you said was true , or saying it because others are n't
5 ) STANDING WITH LEGS NOT HALF A METER APART AT LEAST = worried that you 'll infringe on other people 's personal space
6 ) TALKING TOO SOFTLY OR LOUD = fear that you 'll impose yourself on people and their personal space ( ie : beta ) .. alpha males are n't afraid to project their voice ..
YET , talking obviously too LOUD can also be seen as OVERCOMPENSATING .
Just like guys who wear GENERIC clothes are trying to fit in , or guys who wear OUTRAGEOUS clothes are trying too hard to overcompensate .
( hint : be careful with peacocking , find a style that does n't come off this way , which can be tricky but is still very doable ) ..
Some guys do n't talk , some talk too much , etc etc. .
Find appropriate balance through trial and error , which is determined through social observation ,
7 ) MOVING YOUR HANDS AROUND WHILE YOU TALK = trying to keep the attention of the group ( sometimes can be cool , but most often a form of qualifying yourself )
8 ) LEANING IN * or* ' PECKING ' = too eager to talk ..
NEVER lean in no matter how loud the environment is MAKE HER LEAN IN or just leave but NEVER lean in or " peck " as its also called .
9 ) FACING BODY / FEET TOWARDS HER BEFORE SHE EARNED IT = trying to gain rapport with her too eagerly .
10 ) CHASING WHEN SHE WALKS AWAY = hoping she 'll listen .
If a chick moves away from you , move your bodylanguage MORE away from her , so she 'll be drawn back .. do n't CHASE her ...
WTF ?!@?!?
11 ) NOT WITHDRAWING ( backturns , etc ) WHEN SHE DOES SOMETHING THAT YOU WOULDN'T TOLERATE FROM AN UGLY GIRL OR A GUY = trying too hard to pick her up
12 ) ANSWERING QUESTIONS TOO QUICKLY / EARLY = too much interest in the conversation
13 ) TURNING YOUR HEAD ( OR " SNAPPING " ) WHEN YOU'RE ADDRESSED = too eager to be in convo .. so if your head is facing the other direction , and a girl says something to you , turn it SLOWLY to her , do n't snap it out of eagerness to hear her
14 ) GOING BACK TO A PRIOR THREAD THAT WAS INTERUPTED AT THE FIRST CHANCE / BREAK-IN - CONVO THAT YOU GET = trying too hard to impress them ..
( ie : when a thread gets broken off in the convo , and you go back to it FIRST chance you get when the other topic ends , you look like you were WAITING to get back to it ..
WHY are you so eager to get back on it , unless you do n't feel comfortable around the person and you need to qualify yourself to them ? )
WAIT until THEY say " what was that you were saying before ? " , and THEN go back to it .. if it does n't happen , * DROP IT * even if it was good .
15 ) NOT APPEARING MORE INTO YOUR WINGMAN THEN THE CHICK = trying too hard to pick her up .. you 've known your wingman longer than her .. why do you pay more attention to her than your wing ???
16 ) TOO EAGER TO PAY ATTENTION - SAYING " what ? "
IF YOU CAN'T HEAR HER , PRIOR TO BEING IN RAPPORT = too much interest in what she 's saying .. if she mumbles , just STACK OPENERS into an entirely DIFFERENT topic , RATHER than saying " what ? "
This is fucking KEY KEY KEY .
If you say " what ? " you 'll lose her unless you 're already past attraction and into rapport .
If this happens , just run a new opener and change the topic .
1 - you do n't look too eager , 2 - you look alpha for being disinterested in what she 's talking about which helps anyway
17 ) REPLYING WITH OVERLY THOUGHT - OUT OF LOGICAL ANSWERS OR WITH OVERLY CLEAR / FORMAL PRONUNCIATION = being concerned that you wo n't be accepted unless you convince really well ( eg. HB : why did you ask me that ...
RIGHT = I 'm talking .
( sit and stare ) WRONG = because I really need to know since I 've been thinking about this for a while .. the FIRST one conveys that you wo n't qualify yourself to her )
18 ) TAKING TOO MANY SENTENCES TO STATE AN IDEA THAT COULD BE STATED IN LESS SPACE = qualifying yourself .
Commander Zap emails me a few months ago : " Remember TD , do n't write what you can say , do n't say what you can wink , do n't wink what you can smile " TIGHT .
The shorter you can explain something in , the more PROFOUND you 'll appear .
Why ?
You 're not qualifying yourself .
( ironically I 'm massively guilty of this , due to the fact that I post when I 'm really tired - see # 21 to spot what was wrong with this last sentence )
19 ) BEING BOLD INSTEAD OF CONFIDENT = that you know that you can't pick her up , so you compensate with self - defeating actions so that the snub can be on " your terms " .
Saying " I 'm sexy right ? " or " baby I want some of that " or even just approaching when the logistics are totally unrealistic is too eager , because a CONFIDENT person would n't feel the NEED to say these kinds of things .. these things are symptoms of OVERCOMPENSATION for INSECURITIES .. which leads to ..........
20 ) OVERCOMPENSATING INSECURITIES
= fear of not being accepted .
Have you ever met a janitor who the first thing he says is " money is over - rated ..
I would never get caught up in the corporate world " blah blah .. if they'd have just said " I'm a janitor " and LEFT IT AT THAT we would n't have even THOUGHT that anything was wrong with it .. but because they INSTANTLY start overcompensating , it comes off as overcompensating or qualifying .
Same with if they BRING IT UP TOO EARLY .
Like " hey , I 'm Steve ..
I 'm a janitor and I love it " ..
They 're TRYING to be cocky but it comes off as COMPENSATING .
BE COMFORTABLE WITH YOURSELF .
If you 're BALD , do n't say " would you love a bald man ? " as a pickup line .
It 's not COCKY .... its BOLD .
If you 're bad looking , do n't say " do n't you think I 'm sexy " .
Just be comfortable with yourself , and do n't bring up the issue at all .
21 ) OVERCOMPENSATING
FAILURE OR SHORTCOMINGS
= fear of being judged .. if you do poorly on a presentation , or on a sarge in front of a wingman , or on a test , DO NOT SAY DUMB SHIT LIKE " I 'm really tired " .
EVEN IF you 're ACTUALLY really tired , the mere act of saying " I'm tired " comes off as QUALIFYING yourself to the person .
Just do n't bring it up .
If you have shitty clothes on , do n't say " I have nicer clothes at home . "
Just do n't bring it up .
If you meet a girl when you 're dressed bad , do n't say " I have the coolest club clothes at home " Just do n't bring it up .
22 ) GOING BACKWARDS IN THE PICKUP ON HER SCHEDULE = too eager to lay her .. if you 've already GONE THROUGH the whole " let 's ballbust and shit test eachother " attraction phase of the pickup , and you 're now in RAPPORT -> if she tries to ballbust you at this point then just WITHDRAW ATTENTION .
DO NOT BALLBUST BACK .
It seems COUNTER INTUITIVE , but once you 've gone through that whole little attract phase , and you 're now being nice to eachother in rapport , DO NOT let her rewind the sarge by answering her ballbusting with ballbusts of your own .
Just withdraw attention , to show that you 're not interested in going BACKWARDS in a sarge .
23 ) WAITING FOR HER IF SHE LEAVES FOR ANY REASON ( LIKE SAYS " I'M GOING TO THE WASHROOM , WAIT HERE ) = too eager and into the convo .. if she goes to the washroom , make sure you 're into another set by the time she gets back .
24 ) OVERLY REMEMBERING DETAILS ABOUT PAST CONVOS = convo means too much to you , because the person has unusual value to you ( ie : a hot chick ) .
Of course , I 'm not advocating to be a total dick , but the general rule of thumb is that if you would n't have remembered a FAT CHICK or a GUY saying it , then do n't remember the HB9 chick saying it .
If some random dude said it and you would have remembered , then FINE .
If you were in an unusually intimate convo that 's also fine .
But otherwise FAKE forgetting , even if she 's a model and you remember every word .
Even forget her name .
If you see a random chick from your class or work , but you never talked to her , OPEN LIKE YOU DON'T KNOW HER .
Do n't give into the temptation to say " we work together " .
Just open like a random chick , and maybe if you get snubbed then pull out that card to save face , but only as a LAST RESORT .
25 ) OFFERING TOO MUCH ABOUT YOURSELF TOO * EARLY * = too eager to make them like you .. subcategories of this are :
A ) Verbally : if you say to a chick " yeah , I just got back from NYC ( or any cool place that would impress ) " or " yeah , I just got my Rolex fixed " , or " yeah , my stripper ex- girlfriend told me ... " then she PICKS UP on the fact that you 're trying too hard to impress her ..
Same with NAME DROPPING ..
DON'T GIVE GIRLS YOUR RESUME TOO EARLY ..
Personality conveying routines should convey personality COVERTLY , so it looks like the story is just SO COOL that its WORTH TELLING on its own accord , and it just HAPPENS to have some good things about you in it .
When offering good things about yourself , do n't offer boring details .
Say it with less detail , and it seems less eager .
INSINUATE THAT WHICH YOU ARE TEMPTED TO ELICIDATE ( holy shit , I just made up that last catchy sentence , but I 've gotta say that I 'm the shit .. right ? )
B ) Entertaining :
If you have stuff like patterns , or the CUBE , or magic , or photos , or palmreading , and you do this EARLY , it comes off as TRY - HARD .
Personally I do n't use any of these things , but alot of guys do , and when they bust them out prior to the chick EARNING it , it comes off TRY - HARD .
Use the stuff LATER , but not right away .
C ) Wanting rapport with someone who did n't earn it : WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT ???
I swear to god , almost * EVERY * PUA I meet live in field does this shit , and its SUPER LAME .
Going up to a chick and saying " nice necklace " or " what 's your name " or " where did you get that ? " is FUCKING DORK SUPER LAME .
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU CARE ABOUT THIS STUFF FROM A R - A - N - D - O - M PERSON ?????
The counter argument to this is that you 're not hiding your desires blah blah blah she 's a hot girl and she should be happy that you 're approaching , but this is INTERNET RHETORIC .. and this approach is STILL hiding your desires behind the GUISE that you 're nice , so even if the rhetoric was true , it would STILL be ineffective ...
In the INTERNET ARMCHAIR GAME this stuff is FINE , but in the REAL FIELD GAME this shit screws you over before you 've even started gaming .
It 's fucking bullshit , and NOBODY who is n't very goodlooking or socially proofed ( or whatever high value ) PRIOR to going in , can make this kind of approach work consistently on HB8.5 + chicks .
TRYING FOR RAPPORT TOO EARLY IS QUALIFYING YOURSELF TO HER BECAUSE SHE HAS NOT EARNED IT .
D ) Talking without feedback :
When you 're talking to someone , and they do n't give feedback , and you 're talking and talking , you BETA YOURSELF .
It 's a DOWNWARD SPIRAL , where you start talking TOO MUCH , and you SENSE that you 're qualifying yourself , so you overcompensate EVEN MORE by TALKING and TALKING more and more ..
Then you feel more and more beta'ed because you qualified yourself , and you 're left treading water , grabbing at ANYTHING that will impress the person , so you keep talking in hopes of saying that one thing that will impress them .
AVOID this by not talking too much unless THEY give some feedback .
IN THE FIELD you do this by PAUSING and FORCING them to fill in the awkward gaps .
Tyler Durden
Free RSD Attraction E- Course And Free 112 Min Audio Seminar With Tyler Durden .
This article was originally posted in target= " _blank " >fastseduction.com
Drawing on a major study of Dutch file - sharers , Prof. Nico van Eijk of the University of Amsterdam concludes , " These figures show that there is no sharp divide between file sharers and others in their buying behaviour .
On the contrary , when it comes to attending concerts , and expenses on DVDs and games , file sharers are the industry 's largest customers ...
There does not appear to be a clear relationship between the decline in sales and file sharing . "
In fact , the study found that file - sharers often buy more content , especially when it comes to films and games .
Differences in purchasing behavior between file sharers and non-file sharers Music Films Games Buyers in the past 12 months : yes / no No difference No difference File sharers buy more often ( 61 % vs. 57 % )
If a buyer in previous 12 months : number No difference File sharers by more ( 12 vs. 8 films )
File sharers buy more ( 4.2 vs. 2.7 games )
Related products
File sharers visit concerts more often and buy more merchandise
No difference in cinema visits
No difference in buying merchandise Source : Communications & Strategies
Van Eijk 's conclusions appear in a recent paper for the journal Communications & Strategies ( PDF ) , one coauthored with Joost Poort and Paul Rutten .
While van Eijk does n't deny that specific industries ( like recorded music ) have been in decline , he paints a more complicated picture of the content industries as a whole .
For instance , Sweden has long been regarded as a worldwide piracy hub — it 's home to The Pirate Bay , the VPN IPRedator , and it sent a member of the Pirate Party to the European Parliament .
But van Eijk draws on 2009 research showing that " total revenues [ in Sweden ] from recorded music , live concerts and collecting societies remained roughly stable between 2000 and 2008 . "
That does n't help the recording industry , however , unless music labels get a cut of revenues from live music and merchandise .
That 's exactly what has started to happen via so - called " 360 deals " over the last few years , where labels will invest in recording and promotion budgets for bands , but only when they benefit from all parts of the band 's revenue stream .
Van Eijk sees this as a necessary business model change in response to file - sharing , but he argues that far more innovation is needed .
And he blasts the music industry in particular for acting out of fear .
Labels tried to " stem the tide of unlicensed music file sharing with their conservative strategy of abstaining from innovation , promoting legal measures against supposed offences , and digital rights management , " he wrote .
" This strategy resulted in the current backlash , providing space for a new entrant establishing a major brand in the online music business : Apple 's iTunes .
Reinvention of the business model looks like the only way out for the traditional players in the music industry . "
If you attend music industry conferences , you never have wait long for someone to say that we have entered an age in which people are unwilling to pay for content ; that is , traditional business models are dead .
Van Eijk still sees life left in direct content sales , but he notes that current prices are far out of line with consumer expectations .
When file - sharers were surveyed about what a " reasonable " price would be for an album , a movie , and a video game , the answers were surprising .
A full 75 percent of file - sharers thought € 8 was appropriate for an album — not too far off from current pricing .
Source : Communications & Strategies
But video games are another story .
If the gaming industry wants to offer a " reasonable " price to three - quarters of file - swappers , it needs to sell games for € 7 , a far cry from the €50 or so currently charged for a new video game .
If we look at the median and the top quartile , the same trend holds .
Music and film prices are already close to the " reasonable " zone , but video games are not ; even the most spendthrift file - sharers believed that only € 24 was reasonable for a new game .
The upside for the gaming industry is that most people see games as more valuable per unit than music and movies .
In the end , says van Eijk , " File sharing is here to stay and ... people who download are at the same time important customers of the entertainment industry ...
And so the entertainment industry will have to work actively towards innovation on all fronts .
New models worth developing , for example , are those that seek to achieve commercial diversification or that match supply and end - user needs more closely .
In such a context , criminalizing large parts of the population makes no sense .
Enforcement should focus on large scale and / or commercial upload activities . "
Enjoy the smooth sounds of the wasteland , with a freebie 24 - track pack of music from the Fallout 1 and 2 soundtracks .
Original composer Mark Morgan has poked and prodded the score into a shiny form suitable for the discerning 21st century ear .
The whole Vault Archives set is available here , along with four streaming tracks for preview purposes .
It remains incredibly evocative sinister - ambient musicology .
( Via NMA )
Capabilities , as I understand them , are essentially keys .
In the simplest model , a program presents a cap to the OS with a request to " do something " , and the OS checks the cap for validity .
If it 's valid , ( has been issued to the requestor , has n't been revoked or expired ) , the OS carries out the request .
Now , these things are divisible and delegatable .
If a program ( like a command shell interpreter ) has a cap that represents the authorities that the OS has issued to a particular user , it can create a cap that represents the user 's authority over a particular file or directory or device , and pass that on to another program ( like a compiler ) when the user invokes a program supplying that filename , directory name , or device name ( like the file to compile or the directory to create a file and write the compiled code in ) as an argument .
The idea is that each program should run with only the priveleges it actually needs .
Implication : programs no longer parse their own command lines , or at least not the parts of them referring to capabilities .
Something to which the user 's caps have been delegated has to do that , so as to provide the programs directly with the caps they need .
They are also replicable .
That is , a program can communicate a cap to another program without itself giving up that cap .
Thus , you can delegate the ability to run a camera or something to a remote program across the network , without giving up the ability of local programs to use that camera .
In fact , the " ambient authority " of machine code running directly on hardware is what the OS divides and replicates to provide the set of capabilities that represent the user 's authority - or a particular program 's authority , or etc .
The OS must know who ( or what ) owns a capability ; when something presents a capability that was issued to something else , the request should be refused .
Otherwise , the system could be breached by a program that " guessed " the binary pattern of a capability issued to something else .
This means that replicating , delegating , or subdividing a capability can only be done via calls to the OS , so it can keep a current picture of who owns what .
Okay , so far so good .
That 's the theory as I understand it .
But the theory does n't in general match up with the security claims made for the technology , or at least those claims imply the existence of additional infrastructure , so I feel like I must be missing something .
In the first place , presenting a capability to the OS must also give the OS identity information about what 's presenting the cap , so that it can check its ownership and make sure that cap actually belongs to the presenter .
But every time a program starts , it has a new process ID .
If the OS keeps track of the file from which the program code is loaded and assigns the compiled - in caps to the resulting process ID , then it can be defeated by putting different code into the file in order to hijack the caps .
So this seems to imply a requirement I 've never seen discussed ; that files with compiled - in capabilities have to be restricted such that no user whose own capabilities are not a superset of those compiled into the file can write it .
IOW , if a program has the capability to write /etc / passwd then no user who does not have a capability to write /etc / passwd can be allowed to write to the program file .
A user must have all the capabilities required by any software he or she is installing or modifying .
In principle each user priveleged in a certain domain can install software that has his or her priveleges in that domain .
But it could easily happen that even where all the capabilities exist , no particular user would have the capabilities to install something .
So in practice , it seems like you 'd always need an omnipriveleged root account to do some kinds of software installation and maintenance .
Therefore it seems strange to me that the omnipriveleged root account is claimed not to be needed .
Am I missing something ?
Note : TheCooksDen may receive a small commission from our partner should you choose to purchase this item
From the moment I sat down to watch my first episode of " The French Chef , " I was hooked on cooking shows .
In fact , based on the number of hours I 've spent studying Julia , Gordon and Alton , I ought to be a superchef myself .
Alas , that 's not the case .
But if there 's one thing I can do better than Chef Tell , it 's tell you about the best shows in the genre .
And with a dizzying array of shows aired on entire networks devoted to cooking , you 're going to need a roadmap .
So , with that in mind , here is our list of the " Top 100 Cooking Shows of All Time . "
Read it to re-visit some of your old favorites , or study it carefully to discover some new gems .
Either way , enjoy the list , let us know what you think and , please , no wagering .
On the leak of the National Drug Policy Strategy Do n’t blame Arizona border violence on drug smuggling » National Drug Control Strategy - nothing to see here A draft of the delayed National Drug Control Strategy that was due in February has surfaced , and the Drug Czar is not looking good .
As Newsweek ’s Michael Isikoff reports :
These have been tough times for White House drug czar R. Gil Kerlikowske .
After spending much of his first year in office crafting a new anti-drug strategy , he had hoped to unveil it two months ago with President Obama .
But Kerlikowske could n’t get on Obama ’s schedule .
When he pressed , chief of staff Rahm Emanuel directed him to Vice President Joe Biden , say two Kerlikowske advisers who asked not to be identified talking about an internal matter .
But after agreeing to a joint announcement , Biden had to cancel at the last minute when the health - care bill landed on the president ’s desk .
Appearing before a House subcommittee recently , Kerlikowske got hammered for not having yet produced the drug - control strategy that his office was charged with releasing by last Feb. 1 . […]
The new strategy , a copy of which NEWSWEEK obtained , sets a goal of reducing youth drug use by 15 percent in the next five years , and it asserts a commitment to “ community - oriented ” prevention programs and early drug - abuse screening by health - care providers .
But even some administration officials say achieving these goals is unlikely given the budget ’s modest prevention increases .
“ We are missing an opportunity , ” says Kerlikowske ’s chief deputy , A. Thomas McClellan , who is resigning after less than a year on the job . [… ]
Critics are raising questions about whether Kerlikowske ’s office –with a staff of about 100 and a budget of $ 400 million–still serves a vital function .
Ouch .
Here ’s the draft of the strategy .
Check it out for yourself .
Let ’s start with the Preface by Director Kerlikowske :
The development of this Strategy was informed by scientific breakthroughs in the prevention and treatment fields , innovations in law enforcement , and the thoughtful advice of Congress , Federal agencies , state and local partners , civic and professional organizations , and hundreds of concerned citizens around the country .
In following President Obama ’s charge to seek a broad range of input in the Strategy , I gained a renewed appreciation of how deeply concerned Americans are about drug use .
It touches each one of us , whether we know a family member , a friend , or a colleague who suffers from addiction or is in recovery , a police officer working to protect the community , or a parent striving to keep a child drug free .
Of course , as you can immediately see , that “ broad range of input ” was strictly in the pro-prohibition field .
Drug overdose deaths surpass gunshot deaths in our country , and in 16 states , overdose deaths are a more common cause of accidental death than car crashes .
Of course , that ’s only if you include all poisoning deaths of any kind ( licit and illicit ) .
Drugged driving has now been identified at higher
levels than alcohol - impaired driving .
No , it has n’t .
Despite your attempts to make it an issue .
Once again , I ’m feeling good about my successful challenge of the drug czar ’s use of the NHTSA study to claim that he has data regarding “ impaired ” or “ under the influence ” drugged drivers .
Clearly , he intended to use this heavily in the Strategy .
Even though his wording had to be carefully restricted , he still manages to use the study improperly to imply that it shows some information about drugged driving .
5 . Preventing Drugged Driving Must Become a National Priority on Par with Preventing Drunk Driving Americans know the terrible consequences of drunk driving and are becoming more aware of the dangers of distracted driving .
Drugged driving poses similar threats to public safety because drugs have adverse effects on judgment , reaction time , motor skills , and memory .
According to the latest National Roadside Survey conducted by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , more than 16 percent of weekend nighttime drivers tested positive for drugs .
This troubling news demands a response on a level
equivalent to the decade - long , highly successful effort to prevent drunk driving .
The Department of Transportation ( DOT ) has already taken some important steps , including publicizing the survey and adding drugged driving to its public discussions of drunk and impaired driving .
However , considering the severe public safety risk posed by drugged driving , much more needs to be done to enhance safety on America ’s roads and highways .
The danger of a lunatic like Kerlikowske is not just that he invents problems to fit the solutions he wants to use , but that he actually can create harm if his solutions are followed .
Take a look at the heading : “ Preventing Drugged Driving Must Become a National Priority on Par with Preventing Drunk Driving . ”
In reality , that means that we would be giving less relative priority to drunk driving , which is proven to be very dangerous , in order to focus on an area with no statistics demonstrating a significant problem .
The word “ driving ” appears 41 times in the Strategy .
The biggest problem , of course , with the entire National Drug Control Strategy , is made clear when identifying what guides the strategy at its basic level :
All of these strategies will support the two policy goals specified by Congress in the authorizing legislation of the Office of National Drug Control Policy ( ONDCP ) : ( 1 ) reducing illicit drug consumption , and ( 2 ) reducing the consequences of illicit drug use in the United States .
These are the Administration ’s policy goals because they focus on practical results that are comprehensible and important to the American people .
No , what the American people want is a reduction of harms and reduction of cost to society from drug abuse and the drug war .
You do n’t address that in any meaningful way by focusing on numbers of “ drug consumption . ”
As long as the ONDCP operates under its current mandate , any Drug Control Strategy it puts out is going to be irrelevant .
[ Thanks , Tom ]
Update : Mark Kleiman ( who generally abhors the excesses of prohibition while believing it can be saved if only we implement better probation policies and adjust marijuana laws ) has a clearly different view of the Strategy and takes Isikoff to task .
While Kleiman admits that the strategy contains a lot of objectionable programs and goals , many of which are required by law or politics , he thinks that if we read between the lines , we ’ll find gems of improvement .
For example : * “ Provide information on effective prevention strategies to law enforcement ” seems anodyne until you think about it .
Right now , law enforcement is heavily invested in a single , ineffective prevention strategy : DARE , one of the sacred cows of drug abuse control .
The implication is that the Feds are going to tell law enforcement agencies with information on programs that actually work .
Really ?
The strategy itself ca n’t or wo n’t tell the truth about programs , studies , or policy .
It ’s hard to believe that they would provide effective information ( which must be fact - based to be effective ) to law enforcement .
Is this the strategy that I would have written ?
Not by a long shot .
But is it the best strategy produced since the process started in 1989 ?
Incomparably .
It deserved better treatment than Newsweek chose to give it .
What it shows is a White House that has gotten over the “ drug war ” and is ready to think about managing the drug problem .
I disagree .
All Kerlikowske has shown is that he ’s ready to talk about managing the drug problem as a means to deflecting real concerns about the drug war that the government is unwilling to face , and that he ’s willing to pretend that this shift in talk ( without true reform ) will actually be different in some way that matters .
Jeralyn at TalkLeft points out that the Strategy clearly indicates its opposition to the legalization of marijuana .
Keeping drugs illegal reduces their availability and lessens willingness to use them .
That is why this Administration firmly opposes the legalization of marijuana or any other illicit drug .
It ’s a point that I missed , in part , because I ’ve just gotten used to the fact that the Drug Czar is required by law to oppose legalization in any way .
Ongeval A7
Je hebt minimaal versie 9 van Flash Player nodig voor deze video .
You need to upgrade your Flash Player to version 9 or newer .
This article has been marked as requiring discussion
A user is proposing a major change to this article or page , and requests opinions before implementing their idea - Discuss
This article or section has been nominated for an update
The content should be updated to include new information that has been released , specifically Season 4 , 5 , and 6 .
You can help Lostpedia by updating it .
A transcript is a retrospective written record of dialogue , and like a script ( a prospective record ) may include other scene information such as props or actions .
In the case of a transcript of a film or television episode , ideally it is a verbatim record .
Because closed - captioning is usually written separately , its text may have errors and does not necessarily reflect the true Canonical transcript .
Transcripts for Lost episodes up to and including " Enter 77 " are based on the transcriptions by Lost - TV member Spooky with aid of DVR , and at times , closed captions for clarification .
She and Lost - TV have generously granted us permission to share / host these transcripts at Lostpedia .
Later transcripts were created by the Lostpedia community , unless stated otherwise below .
Disclaimer :
This transcript is intended for educational and promotional purposes only , and may not be reproduced commercially without permission from ABC .
The description contained herein represents viewers ' secondhand experience of ABC's Lost .
The Whispers
Various users have been responsible for this transcription .
Contents show ]
Season 1
The Monster at the beach
Note : Each section is on either the Center or Left / Right audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " You are n't joking "
" What a lousy thing ... "
" I do n't care what we do to them "
" Whatever we do we best do it fast / right "
" We can undo ( not do ? ) this "
" Bring enough men to do it with / right "
" How many do you want us to do it with "
" Twenty - seven / Tough to say "
" New idea " ( sped up )
" Now you 're just winging it "
" We do n't have time for loose ends "
” “ " You are n't joking "
" What a lousy thing to go through "
" They 're ruining the plan "
" Crash victims "
" Maybe you ( they ? ) did n't hear me " just before horn sounds
" What do you want to do ... " after horn sounds
" ... to them ? "
" You know crash victims ... can't keep our secrets / ca n't keep them secret "
" I wondered the same thing / I wanted the same thing " just before second horn sounds
" Why are you asking what I think ? "
" That 's not what I was doing "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ The Long List
The Monster at the cockpit
Note : Each section is on either the Center or Left / Right audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " We could 've handled it "
" There now an intruder "
" Tell them that we located it and they will be soon be going "
" What are you going to do ? "
" Will you get going ? "
" There 's no telling when they 'll leave " speeded up
" Do you know what to do with them if they do n't leave ? "
" Do you remember what the plan was ? " ( sped up )
" Look , now they 've found another one "
" Okay , stick to the plan "
" Alright no sign of any problem ... it's quiet "
" Stand ready "
" Go for control of the window , we 'll cover you "
" Keep them from suspecting anything ... "
" ... and do n't let anyone else to know we 're here "
" They 've already seen "
" Do n't let them go free "
" Do n't matter "
" Did you see the scared look on their faces ? "
" Okay , follow them "
" Make him run for his life "
" Keep running , keep ... damn he did get far enough "
" Bet that lightning bolt scared her " Kate hiding in tree
" What we 're gonna do is separate you "
" Do you like the way you left him to be eaten ? "
” “ " Tell me when you 're ready "
" We could 've handled it "
" There now an intruder "
" They 're not leaving "
" Before you ...
" ... try and get to the tower
" You hearing me at all ? "
Interferance
" Hello "
" Can you hear ? "
" There it is arrows / eros ? "
" I did n't hear anything " Very faint
" Quiet "
" Look they helped their captain "
" Hurry it up "
" Let him see you ... then try to grab him "
" Kill all of them "
" I told you the plan "
" Kill the pilot , chase them away "
" They really got after it "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ The Long List
Sayid in the jungle
“ Male Voice - " Just let him get out of here "
Male Voice -
" He 's seen too much already "
Male Voice -
" What if he tells ? "
Female Voice - " Could just speak to him "
Male Voice - " No " ”
Sawyer in the jungle
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " How could you say that ?
I knew he was American "
" It was a large group "
" It 'll come back around "
Frank Duckett 's Voice - " Now listen .
Here ’s what we should do .
Nothing .
It ’s not the one .
He ’s coming up on the gate . " ” “ " How could you say that , I knew he was American "
" Hey listen , come on let ’s go "
" Go and see what he 's doing "
" Duetch / Dutch / Deutsch negg or Joice leg " ( perhaps another language or reversed )
" Like it 's your choice "
" He 's coming up on the gate "
" My guess is to shoot the pig " or " Guess he 'll shoot the pig "
" Yes "
" My [ hand / head ] is free "
” “ " How could you even say that , I knew he was an American "
" Hey listen , come on lets go "
" Go and see what he 's doing "
" He 's coming up on the gate "
" My guess is to shoot the pig ... "
" Okay " ”
Sawyer on the beach
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " There goes another poking his head in here " or " There goes somebody "
" Yeah , let 's see what he 's doing "
" Let 's "
" Let me decide "
" Come back "
" Wait "
" I see another one "
Frank Duckett 's Voice - " It 'll come back around " ” “ " Oh my god there 's a guy out there "
" Dennis find out what 's going on "
" Did he see us ? "
" Maybe "
" Open it "
" Did you see what direction he went ? "
" Right through those trees "
" Go and get him "
" There is [ an explanation / a resolution ] and I bet you have n't thought of it "
" What is it ? "
" He 's been in a plane crash "
" Are you sure ? "
" I know what it 's like for a plane to crash "
" Complain , complain , complain "
" I want to get closer "
" I know what you said , but he 's looking around "
" What if he shoots us or something " ” “ " There may be something , but it may be slack "
" Let 's go "
" Has he seen us ? "
( Alarms go off )
" I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry "
" Intruder , Intruder "
" Hide against the bushes "
" Open the door "
" I know what it 's like for a plane to crash "
" Complain , complain , complain "
" I know what you said , but ... "
”
Season 2
Shannon in the jungle
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " Do you see her ? "
" I think she 's right behind us " ( sped up )
" I can see eye to eye "
" Shut up ! "
" I think she sees "
" This crosses my trail now , doll ... "
" Its very cold , .. cold , .. cold " ( slowed down )
" ... thousand miles "
" I know it all , I know it all "
" It 's the eye , it 's the eye ... "
" The antenna 10 out of 10 "
” “ " Somebody is ... walking behind us "
" What ( which one ? ) do you think it was ? "
" I do n't know "
" Eye to eye "
" Right beside us in a minute "
" Give it time "
" Is there time ? " ( slowed down )
" Been to ... " ( sped up )
" ... Black Rock "
" ... eye , it 's the eye "
" Is she 815 ? "
" The antenna 10 out of 10 "
” “ " Do you see her ? "
" I can see eye to eye "
" Is she coming ? "
" Bossy , eh missy ? "
" Relax , she 's not behind us "
" I know it all "
" It 's the eyes "
" Is she 815 ? "
" The antenna 10 out of 10 "
”
“ Walt - " ...[ push ] the button .
Do n't push the button .
Button bad . " ( reversed )
”
Source : RVTurnage @ The Fuselage
Shannon in the tent
“ Walt - " They 're coming and they 're close . " ( reversed )
”
Sayid and Shannon in the jungle
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " Relax dude "
" She likes the guy "
" She ’s coming "
" I do n't know if I can run , but I can ( or can 't ) yell "
" Shannon sighs "
( Scream )
" Dying sucks "
" Hurry up "
" Shh ... "
” “ " She likes this guy "
" Dying sucks "
" Hi sis "
" Here she comes , here she comes "
" His mouth "
" She drives me crazy "
" Hurry up "
" I see eye to eye "
" I see ... "
” “ " Relax dude "
" She likes the guy "
" What do you think we should do ? "
" She ’s coming "
" We should hide , we should run "
" Heard some voice "
" See ya " or " Lucia "
" Hide the scope "
" Hurry up "
”
Eko , Libby , Ana Lucia , Sawyer , Michael , Jin and Bernard
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " Who 's this in the woods "
" Sawyer "
" Ana "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream "
" Ich weiß nicht " ( German for ' I do n't know ' )
" She ’s heavy "
" Black Rock "
" Bring the boy "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream " ” “ " Look in the eyes , right ? "
" Do you see her ? " or " Lucia "
" It ’s the brothers that help us "
" I can see eye to eye "
" Sawyer "
" Did she see ? "
" Bossy eh missy ? "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream "
" I know it all , I know it all "
" It ’s the eyes " or " Lucia "
" I can see eye to eye "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream " ” “ " I know it all , I know it all "
" Do you see her ?
( or possibly ' Lucia ' ) " I can see eye to eye "
" Did she see ? "
" Shannon "
" Hide behind me "
" Bossy eh missy ? "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream "
" I know it all "
" Under the eye " or " Eye to eye "
" It ’s the eyes " or " Lucia "
" I can see eye to eye "
" She ’s bossy "
" I ’m in someone ’s dream "
”
The shooting of Shannon
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " Relax dude , I think she likes the guy "
" You 're life "
" Ich weiß nicht " ( German for ' I do n't know ' )
" Look out "
" Ana ’s the trigger "
" You 're gonna kill her "
" Move on "
( Gun shot )
" See ya "
( Like a chorus singing just after the gunshot ) ” “ " Shannon "
" She likes the guy , she likes the guy "
" Shannon "
" Your life and time is up "
" Help me "
" Shannon , meet me on the other side "
" Her song " ( ' Ana Lucia ' when reversed )
( Gun shot ) ” “ " Relax dude , she likes the guy , she likes the guy "
" Shannon "
" I know it all I know it all ... "
" Dying sucks "
" Shannon "
" I do n't think you should tell her when she comes "
" Obviously she likes you "
" Who 's the guy ? "
" I want to see Shannon "
" Eye to eye "
" Who 's the guy ? "
" Fire Lucia "
" The brothers that help us "
" Are you done with it ? "
" Her song " ( ' Ana Lucia ' when reversed )
( Gun shot )
" Fire " ”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Eko facing the Monster
“ " Who are you and why are you here ? "
" Report , report ! "
" Saw Charlie with him "
" There ’s Charlie "
" Go to hell "
" Steadily "
" He ’s trying here "
" Nothing yet "
" Now try him from here , okay "
" Those are the roles ( or rules ) you accept "
" Go to hell "
" Nine "
" Where "
" Seven "
" He ’s hiding something "
" He ’s hiding from me "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Charlie on the beach
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " Grab it right now "
" I know I 've had it "
" Let 's get him moving "
" Are you confused or something ? " ( sped up )
" He 's just leaving him " ( reversed )
" We can all raise this baby "
” “ " Which way 's he going ? "
" Die die die die die die die " ( sped up )
" Going to bring it "
" He will die tonight " ( sped up )
” “ " You can help him but do n't screw it up ... " ( reversed )
" Wo n't have to , Charlie 's almost there " ( reversed )
" Should 've been ready " ( sped up )
" Why are we doing this ? "
" What about it ? "
" This is for his own good " ( reversed )
" So somebody else will see / So somebody wo n't deceive him "
" Help him " ( like a chorus , in background )
" Already got to him "
”
Source : RVTurnage @ The Fuselage
Sayid and " Henry Gale "
“ " Maybe we should have stopped it / him "
" Try to execute "
" We 've got to see if we can get through to him "
Sayid :
Tell me about this balloon !
" Get off for a second "
Gale : What ?
" Something 's blocking it / It 's right beside him "
Sayid :
This balloon that brought you here with your wife .
Tell me about it .
" Go ahead and do it "
" Might have heard from him / My eyes hurt "
Gale :
What do you want to know ?
" Is he gonna give it away ? "
" He 's interrogating him "
Sayid : Everything !
" Calmly begin speaking and act completely ... "
" So it 's okay ... "
" We can get you through this ordeal "
" We are minding the radio "
Gale :
She 's 140 feet high , 60 feet wide ...
" It ai n't sixty feet ... "
" It ca n't be much taller than that ... maybe a hundred footer "
Gale : ... and when she 's up in the air , 550,000 cubic feet of helium and a 100,000 of hot air keep her up ...
" Clearly he thought you were on top if it / Clearly he 's not too on top of it "
" That gives more to do "
Gale :
And if you could look down on her ...
" He 's on to him "
" Probably blew it "
Gale : you 'd see a ...
" So he buys it "
" He played him "
Gale : ... big yellow smiley face on top
" It 's not quite ready "
" I need help "
" They do n't believe him "
Sayid :
Why would you travel in that way ?
" Tell him " for my business " "
" Why else would he do it "
Gale : Because I was rich ...
" Any country might have fit "
" Just stay calm and he wo n't hurt you "
Gale : ... because ... it was my dream
" I know you 're doing something "
" Screwed something up / He f****d it up "
" I do n't know how else to put it "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
The countdown timer hits zero
Note : Each section is on either the Left , Right or Center audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
“ " You tell him what to do "
" Is he crawling ? "
" Why do n't you tell him who you are ? "
" Thought I could get you to them ? "
" It 's not over "
" Who called the doctor ? "
( Same time , sped up )
" I do n't think he 'll be able to con them "
" Boy that makes you confident "
" Is that computer on ? "
" How long has it gone for ? " ( combined with music )
" He 's fine ? " ( combined with music )
( Same time , sped up super fast )
" Stand up so they 'll call it off "
" Who are you caring about ? "
" He do n't work "
" We wanted to share it "
” “ " Let go of Henry "
" Can we ( just ) abort ? "
" I warned him not to do it "
" Ca n't do it from the shelter ( south ) "
" Ca n't move him ( ? ) "
" Hello "
" Apparently they have done this before "
" Time to get another "
" I 've decided to go with this ( I want to see it ) "
" We 'll decide "
( Same time , sped up )
" Stop him "
" That 'll do ( I 'll go ) "
" I would have saved him but she ran into him "
" We need a torturer "
" Control of his buddy "
" You 've heard them fighting for control ? "
" All over "
( Same time , sped up super fast )
" What are they going to do to Henry in there ? "
" Plan something ... he got busted "
" It 's not over "
" Obviously he knows something "
" Drop the ( blast ) door "
" It 's gone wrong "
" Do n't set 'em free "
” “ " You tell him what to do "
" Is he crawling ? "
" Why do n't you tell him who you are ? "
" Thought I could get you to them ? "
" It 's not over "
" Who called the doctor ? "
( Same time , sped up )
" I do n't think he 'll be able to con them "
" Boy that makes you confident "
" Is that computer on ? "
" How long has it gone for ? " ( combined with music )
" He 's fine ? " ( combined with music ) <
( Same time , sped up super fast )
" Somehow we will go and reach him "
" From here it was n't so great "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Jack pulls Sayid off " Gale "
“ Gale : I ’ll tell you whatever you want
" Too close "
Sayid :
He 's lying !...
" Do n't talk to them "
Sayid :
He 's lying !...
" That guy 's stupid "
" I 'd never let them beat me "
" I protect my people "
" What do you want to do ? " ( Very faint )
" Do n't let them break you Henry " ( Very faint )
" Who told you they 're gone ? "
" Think carefully now "
" How are we gonna save Henry ? "
" You ca n't save him "
" I can hear you "
" What have I got to do "
" Try to save Henry ( I ca n't see you ) "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
“ Doctor : This is a Caucasian female .
She 's 161 cm , 51.3 kilos , body prepped and washed by the very lovely Valerie McTavish
Assistant : Ian , stop it
Doctor : Commencing with the post
" That 's her " ( or ) " That 's enough "
Doctor :
This is a clear case of drowning .
I 'll begin with a thoracic ...
Charlotte Malkin : John ! ( screaming )
" She 's alive ! "
" How will we know "
Assistant : Oh my God !
Doctor : Valerie !
Assistant : She 's Alive !
Doctor : I think she 's trying ...
Charlotte Malkin : Let John Locke go ( on ) !
" She 's not dead "
" I found it "
Doctor :
Try and calm down
Assistant : stop , stop ( screaming )
Doctor : Valerie get ... she 's crying , do n't just stand there do something !
" We ’re sending them in " ( or ) " Let ’s hear what she says "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Michael , Sawyer , Hurley , Jack and Kate ambushed by the Others
“ " This is no good ( or ) Let 's do something ( or ) We 're near them "
" He 's asking him something "
" Yeah , but what happened "
" They saw a smoke signal "
" Elizabeth "
" Did ( does ) somebody see you ( or ) It looks like her but "
" You ' re on her right "
" Behind you "
" I 'll have to listen to the dreams ( trees ) to learn ( find ) something "
" He 'll need to instruct you ( or ) Do we ambush "
" Why ca n't you ( two ) do it ( or ) Ca n't you see "
( Sawyer gets hit with dart )
" Got to have a team with you "
" Okay crank it up "
Kate : Sawyer !
" I knew that something bad would happen "
" I assume this is how you would do it "
" Do n't tell anyone he wants it done ( or ) Do n't want anyone to die "
" Lets assemble them ( or ) This is similar ( or ) What 's this symbol of "
Jack : Run ! Go !
Go !
" It was her "
" So she was never taken ( or ) So she must never take it ( or ) I 'm sure it 's just new to you "
" Said I was about to ( or ) Someone attacked them "
" Get your butt out of there "
" Try the sequence "
" Had to be given lessons "
" Turn it on beside you "
" Do n't do it "
" Do n't see "
( Gunshots )
" You 're gonna have to do it "
" You are too "
" Why ca n't we choose ( or ) I can't reach it "
" Two more people ( or ) Too young people "
" I'm frightened "
" Please "
" Come on it 's simple "
" Intruder alert "
" Do you think I should I lock this "
" No , I 've seen them before "
" Close the door "
" You all need me "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Season 3
Jack using the intercom
“ " Has she tried to talk to him / Shall we talk to him "
" Look on "
" Has he answered / His head is hurt "
" Do n't / Wo n't talk "
" We 're not sure if he knows that much / We ’re not sure if we ’ll find out much "
" That 's what I was thinking "
" Let him go free "
" It 's not easy keeping something that secret / sacred "
" What are you gonna do / Go on and do it "
Christian Shephard 's voice " Let it go Jack "
" Now I can tell what you 're doing "
" Bring it back to her "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Eko and the Monster
“ " It 's over "
Locke : Eko !
" The black man " ( ? )
" ( inaudible ) "
" Right now / Right here "
" Locke "
" Eko "
" ( inaudible ) "
Locke : Ooh Eko !
" What happened "
" Shhhh "
Locke :
It 's okay .
It 's okay
" What 's happening "
" Now we got his … / I do n’t want to kill him "
" What just happened ? "
Eko : I will guide you / I ’m going soon
" What 'd he say "
" Help me up "
" Is he following ? "
Eko :
They 're coming next for you
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Little Ben passes the fence
From the Jungle after he passes the fence :
“ " disobeys you "
" because the moment 's bad / rare "
" that 's what I mean "
" It 's heavy "
" do n't worry "
" I looked through them "
” “ " Your hope is here "
" there ai n't no turning around "
" turn to that screen "
" Do n't forget him "
" Is anyone awake "
" We should take him "
” “ " What 's happening "
" If we go over there we might be able to see him but I do n't know "
" Did you hear about him "
" Is anyone on "
”
Alternate transcription :
“ " (.. tell you ) I 'm glad you decided to see me "
" Because I love him "
" That 's right , that 's what I mean / need "
" ( unknown ) "
" Do n't worry about it "
" You 're the one ... "
” “ " Talk to him "
" Tell him that you 're his mother "
" Tell him to be patient "
" That 'll just make it worse "
” “ " What 's happening "
" If we can go over there we might be able to see it , but I do n't know "
" Help us come through the fence "
" We 're sending one , do n't argue "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
Little Benjamin at the sonar fence ( night )
Transcribed by Sara and Chelsy using special audio equipment with features such as left and right audio , treble - mid - bass boost , reverse and slow motion without morphing the original track .
Some of the audio is very quick and nearly impossible to hear at normal rate .
Video of this scene :
Creepy Lost Whispers - The Man Behind the Curtain .
Full Transcription :
“ Man : " Look at me "
Ben 's mother : " Look at me .
It 's all right , it 's okay , ( - It 's okay , ** echo ) I 'm here .
Look at me . "
Man : " Ben , You 're my prisoner and - ( inaudible , but most likely : " and we are ready " or " and you are mine " .
Perhaps both in overlay . )
Man : [ demonic laugh . ]
Ben : " I 'm scared mom . "
Mom : " It 's all right , ( - do n't worry ** Over lay * * ) patience Ben . "
”
Locke
The two or three female whispers that Locke hears as he is about to shoot himself and seconds before Walt appears to him are very unclear .
The most agreed upon interpretations are :
“ " Help me "
" Naomi .
I do n't know that name "
" I have hell to pay "
”
Season 4
Hurley at Jacob 's cabin
Note : Each section is on either the Left or Right audio track .
The tracks are played simultaneously .
Transcribed by B. Spann
“ " You have to believe it 's me , Nikki "
" Shush "
" Did anyone say something ? "
" I said nothing "
" You better not say a f** king thing or talk about Desmond "
" It 's Me "
” “ " I 'm not going to listen to them "
" It 's January 7th "
" I see somebody "
" Do you recognize him ? "
”
Before Hurley reaches the cabin some people argue that the whispers can be heard saying " Jack ... his dad is hiding " ...
" Jack his dad is hiding from the survivors of Oceanic ... from Desmond "
This is controversial .
Alternate transcription
( Transcribed by Sara and Chelsy with special audio equipment .
Using Left and Right audio as well as Reversing , and Slow - motion without morphing the audio .
Some of the audio is so quick that it is impossible to hear at normal speed . )
“ Man : " Come to me , I need you .
You 're an alchemist and uh ... "
Woman : " I need - "
Man ( Sounds like Christian Shephard ) : " Sarah , Is somebody coming ? "
Woman : " They must be coming , you - "
Man : " Hush !
One of these - "
( Shushing - shhh , shht ! )
Woman : " Richard ! "
Man : " Come with us . "
Woman : " Here 's the recipe . "
Man : " Oh thank you , I thought I 'd lost - "
Hurley : " Uh oh . "
”
Source : Penyours and RVTurnage @ Dark UFO
The Losties at the fuselage
--- Transcription needed ---
** PLEASE NOTE THIS STORY WAS PUBLISHED IN MAY 2010
CREATIONISM and intelligent design will be taught in Queensland state schools for the first time as part of the new national curriculum .
Creationists dismiss the science of evolution , instead believing that living things are best explained by an intelligent being or God , rather than an undirected process such as natural selection .
The issue of creationism being taught in schools has caused huge controversy in the US , where some fundamentalist religious schools teach it as a science subject instead of Darwin 's theory of evolution .
In Queensland schools , creationism will be offered for discussion in the subject of ancient history , under the topic of " controversies " .
Do n't miss
The Courier - Mail on Tuesday for the 2010 High School Report , an eight - page liftout containing Year 12 results , including OPs , from every school across the state
Teachers are still formulating a response to the draft national curriculum , scheduled to be introduced next year .
Queensland History Teachers ' Association head Kay Bishop said the curriculum asked students to develop their historical skills in an " investigation of a controversial issue " such as " human origins ( eg , Darwin 's theory of evolution and its critics " ) .
" It 's opening up opportunities for debate and discussion , not to push a particular view , " Ms Bishop said .
Classroom debate about issues encouraged critical thinking – an important tool , she said .
Associated Christian Schools executive officer Lynne Doneley welcomed the draft curriculum , saying it cemented the position of a faith - based approach to teaching .
" We talk to students from a faith science basis , but we 're not biased in the delivery of curriculum , " Mrs Doneley said .
" We say , ' This is where we 're coming from ' but allow students to make up their own minds . "
But Griffith University humanities lecturer Paul Williams said it was important to be cautious about such content .
" It 's important that education authorities are vigilant that this is not a blank cheque to push theological barrows , " Mr Williams said .
" I would be loath to see it taught as theory .
" It 's up there with the world being occupied by aliens since Roswell . "
Ms Bishop said there were bigger problems with the national curriculum .
History teachers are planning to object to repetitive subject matter , such as World War I being a major part of the Year 10 course and repeated in Year 11 .
Should intelligent design have any place in Queensland classrooms ?
Tell us below ...
US government will be handed the power to seize control of a failing bank and derivatives trading will be subject to new controls
Wall Street banks face their toughest clampdown since the Great Depression after the US Senate passed Barack Obama 's banking reform bill .
In a historic change , the US government will be handed the power to seize control of a failing bank to avoid a collapse that could threaten the financial sector .
Derivatives trading will be subject to new controls , and shareholders will get a British - style " say on pay " vote on boardroom bonuses .
Howewer , some measures were dropped from the bill – including stringent conflict - of - interest rules and tighter controls on proprietary trading – after Republicans prevented these topics being voted on .
And it remains unclear whether US deposit - taking banks will also be banned from engaging in proprietary trading – buying and selling using their own money rather than their clients ' .
The bill is meant to reshape Wall Street and prevent a repeat of the turmoil of the last few years .
It is the biggest shake - up of the sector since the 1930s .
As well as forcing changes on America 's biggest banks , a consumer financial protection bureau will be introduced to police the sale of products such as mortgages and credit cards .
The passing of the bill , by 59 votes to 39 , is a personal triumph for Obama – who accused the industry of attempting to stifle desperately needed reforms .
" Over the past year , the financial industry has repeatedly tried to end this reform with hordes of lobbyists and millions of dollars of ads .
When they could n't kill it , they tried to water it down . "
The president said the law would mean an end to state - funded rescues : " Taxpayers will never again be asked to foot the bill for Wall Street 's mistakes .
There will be no more taxpayer - funded bailouts .
Period . "
Harry Reid , the Democrat majority leader in the Senate , said that the reform bill sent a clear message to Wall Street that they could not " recklessly gamble away other people 's money " .
" It says the days of too big to fail are behind us .
It says to those who game the system – the game is over , " Reid said last night .
One of the biggest changes will be that banks will be forced to keep their derivatives - dealing operations separate from their core operation , or divest them altogether .
Derivatives trading will also have to take place through a central clearing house , rather than directly between trading teams , and banks will also have to post collateral to cover potential losses , pushing up the cost of dealing in derivatives .
The Senate bill must now be merged with a measure approved in December by the US House of Representatives , before it goes to the president to be signed into law , possibly in July .
This means there is still some uncertainty over exactly how the final law will be framed .
There are some key issues still need to be resolved , including the precise shape of the " Volcker rule " blocking banks from engaging in riskier activities such as operating hedge funds and trading with their own capital .
Named after the former Federal Reserve boss Paul Volcker , this element is the subject of an amendment yet to be voted upon , as is a tougher proposal forcing banks to spin off desks trading in credit swaps .
Some analysts suggested that the bill may not prove as groundbreaking as Obama hopes , though .
" The lobbyists are firmly in control of Washington , and the reform efforts are likely to be modest , " said Jim Hardesty , president of Hardesty Capital Management , adding that Wall Street firms might simply " reinvent themselves " .
Republican senators have continued to criticise the law .
John Ensign of Nevada objected that the measures would lead to greater government intervention in the free market , creating " unintended consequences that may ultimately bring more damage down on the American people " .
And John Cornyn of Texas claimed the measures would not reform Wall Street .
" The Senate today imposed more regulations and red tape , which punishes small business owners and community bankers who had little or nothing to do with the economic crisis , " he said .
He said the winning candidate would have to demonstrate a " sound knowledge of local , regional , national and international beers " , and that " he or she must be passionate about the subject " .
What prized possession , the singer Sophie Ellis - Bextor was recently asked , would she grab if she had to abandon her house at a few minutes ' notice ?
" I 'd save my photographs first , " she replied – so far , so conventional – " then it would have to be my stamp collection . "
It is hardly the sort of response you would expect from a woman who has duetted with the Manic Street Preachers and topped both the charts and a readers ' poll of " sexy pop icons " .
Is n't stamp collecting , in the popular stereotype , something for lonely children , adult anoraks or those in the autumn of their years ?
" I know it 's not very rock ' n ' roll , " Ellis - Bextor conceded , " but I 've got a big collection . "
The 31 - year - old " Murder on the Dancefloor " diva is not alone in her unfashionable choice of hobby .
Numbers of philatelists ( purists argue that the technical term covers both collecting and studying stamps ) are on the rise , especially in the hitherto barren territory of thirty - and fortysomething professionals .
Stanley Gibbons , the world 's leading stamp dealership , reports that booming sales in 2009 ( up by a quarter ) were largely driven by a new generation of younger collectors coming to their sale - room to pay anything from a couple of hundred pounds for a pristine Penny Black to thousands for rarer examples .
And eBay says it has seen a 30 per cent increase in stamp - related transactions .
Tim Hirsch , director of auctions at the stamp specialists Spink , confirms that the demographic is changing .
" In the past couple of years , we have seen many more younger buyers than before .
What is particularly noteworthy is that many of them did n't even collect stamps as children [ known in the trade as ' returners ' ] .
These are people being drawn to stamps for the first time . "
This new energy in what has until now been seen as a fusty world will be given a wider public echo this month with the revamped London 2010 : Festival of Stamps .
This once - a - decade event , co-ordinated by the British Postal Museum & Archive , is keen to shed its image as an in - house get - together for a hardcore minority .
" Stamp collecting is undoubtedly going through a period of transition , " says Jennifer Flippance , exhibitions and project manager for the festival .
" In the 1960s and 1970s , it was something lots of children did , but then it began to be seen as a bit nerdy , and numbers dropped .
People began talking about it dying out .
Now , though , we hope the various exhibitions we are staging throughout the year will see stamp collecting come out the other side as something as popular , respectable and even fashionable as collecting art .
Stamps are , after all , the world 's biggest public art gallery .
They provide , in miniature , collectable pictures of a changing world that everyone can afford . "
The highlight of the 2010 programme is Empire Mail : George V and the GPO , an exhibition of stamps and artefacts from the era of the present Queen 's grandfather at the Guildhall Art Gallery in the City of London .
There are also walking tours exploring postal history , specialist exhibits of themed stamps at Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum and Bath Postal Museum , and eye - catching displays from private collections at the Business Design Centre in Islington that aim to make stamps more accessible as public art .
So what is transforming stamp collecting from something that even its estimated 2.5 million devotees were slightly ashamed to own up to in public , to being , as one new convert puts it , " the new knitting " ?
Hirsch suggests two reasons .
The first is financial – and another consequence of the global economic meltdown .
" As collectables , " he says , " stamps have continued to show steady , robust increases in value , year on year , without violent swings .
So in these uncertain times , they are undeniably attractive to investors . "
Statistics bear him out .
Stanley Gibbons operates its own equivalent of the FTSE 100 index to track the trade in collectable stamps .
It has risen 89.7 per cent since 2000 .
There is also the more specialist GB30 Rarities Index – reflecting the values of more highly prized specimens .
( Spink 's latest catalogue features items with a reserve price of £ 40,000 , while a world record $ 3.8 m was achieved in 1993 for a pair of extremely rare 1847 stamps from Mauritius . )
This index rose by 39 per cent in 2008 alone , the very year global stock markets were crashing .
The second factor bringing new life to what had been a stagnant and ageing market , Hirsch feels , is a rediscovery of the intricate aesthetics of stamps .
That is precisely what appeals to one of the new breed of collectors , 40 - year - old author and this newspaper 's gardening expert , Emma Townshend .
" When I 'm in America , " she says , " I always find myself buying loads of stamps because they produce such beautiful examples , like whole sets of pictures of their national parks .
I like the look of them so much that I do what proper collectors always say you should n't do with stamps – I use them to decorate the covers of diaries and notebooks . "
Townshend began collecting early – partly harvesting stamps off envelopes in the traditional schoolgirl way , though her album was boosted because her father , Pete Townshend of The Who , received fan letters from all around the globe .
She also inherited a collection from one of her grandmother 's lodgers .
" He and I shared a birthday , though he was 40 years older than me , and he gave me his album , which even then I knew was properly valuable . "
And she has been collecting off and on ever since .
" It is something that comes and goes in fits and starts . "
The stamps that continue to draw her back in are the ones that make the most visual impact .
' They stand out so clearly .
There was a Royal Mail Christmas set in 1973 , I think , with King Wenceslas that is just so gorgeous .
I still enjoy taking it out and looking at it . "
Businessman Simon Martin - Redman 's take on philately is rather different .
Like Townshend , this 53 - year - old from Northamptonshire ( pictured left ) began collecting when he was a child – " I have a photograph of me , aged two , holding an album , which must be a world record . "
After running a successful political - lobbying firm and then a management consultancy , he has found himself over the past five years devoting more and more time – and money – to collecting stamps , and in particular those issued in Sarawak , once a semi- detached part of the British Empire run by " White Rajahs " , and now part of Malaysia .
Part and parcel of stamp collecting is an interest in detail .
Many enthusiasts have a specialist area – anything from a single , possibly otherwise obscure , country as in the case of Martin - Redman , to designs featuring particular animals , vehicles or famous faces .
Former world chess champion Anatoly Karpov , for example , collects those depicting his sport .
There is also the search among what are usually mass - produced products for individual items whose anomalies make them stand out – such as the 2d Tyrian Plum that is part of the Guildhall exhibition .
Though 100,000 sheets were prepared , only one ever went through the postal system .
It was stuck on an envelope to the then - Prince of Wales on 5 May 1910 .
By the time the letter arrived the next day , his father , Edward VII , had died , George was now king , and the entire print run of Tyrian Plums was destroyed rather than released to the public because it did not feature the new monarch 's head .
In a survey carried out among enthusiasts by the organisers of the 2010 festival , 31 per cent of respondents said that " hunting out items for my collection and the sense of satisfaction from that " was their favourite aspect of their hobby , compared with 18 per cent drawn to the beauty of stamps and 17 per cent to their investment potential .
That " hunting out " can be , Martin - Redman admits candidly , " a form of intellectual masturbation , all about the self - gratification of the individual " , but he adds another element to the mix – the competitive edge .
" I am by nature an extremely competitive individual and therefore want to be best of breed in my specialism .
I was determined to build up the best collection of Sarawak stamps . "
Though he is reluctant to put a figure on how much he has spent – " for me it has been the equivalent of others collecting art or fine wine , the investment potential and the pleasure derived cannot be separated " – a measure of his single - mindedness is that he is now one of only three private British collectors in the exclusive Club de Monte Carlo , restricted to the world 's top 100 philatelists .
Is its composition changing to reflect the current revival ?
" Well , it certainly does n't conform to the old image of stamp collectors , " he replies .
" That was horribly seedy .
I do seriously see philatelists now as doing the equivalent of coming out of the closet , casting off that fear of being exposed in public for doing something they ought to be ashamed of .
It is now a very sociable world , and whenever we meet in Monaco , there are grand dinners and cocktail parties which are attended not just by philatelists but by what you might call high society . "
The small talk at such gatherings must inevitably include the changing face of stamp collecting .
" Someone told me recently , " confirms Martin - Redman , " and I can not provide empirical evidence for this , only repeat his remark – that philately is currently the fasting - growing hobby in America for professional males over 40 , and that the reason for this is that they are fed up with spending their lives in front of screens , whether they be computers at work , or TVs and monitors when they get home , and so are being drawn to something older , more enduring and more hands - on . "
This appeal of stamps as part of a return to a purer , less technology - obsessed age has also been noticed by Jennifer Flippance .
" There is a wider movement going on right now about returning to values of thrift , make - do - and - mend , deriving pleasure from doing simple , manual things rather than spending ever - larger amounts on technology which quickly becomes outdated .
Stamp collecting feeds into that .
Indeed , you could argue that it is because it is so old - school that it can now be classified as cool . "
For some , though , stamp collecting has an appeal that goes much deeper than any passing social trend .
The writer Simon Garfield explored in his 2008 memoir , The Error World , the connection between his own return , in his forties , to philately ( specialising in stamps with errors in their printing ) with a midlife crisis that saw the breakdown of his marriage .
" I 'd first been interested in stamps , " he recalls , " when I was seven or eight in the 1960s , which was a time when there was n't very much foreign travel and we were generally less aware of the outside world .
So back then it enabled me to learn a lot , however swottish that sounds .
It was certainly never the hip thing to do .
But a part of it was always that I have the collecting gene .
I could n't help myself .
And that is what resurfaced in my forties , though now I had money in my pocket and so I found myself , secretly , spending amounts that I am in retrospect ashamed of .
But there is a way in which collecting fills a hole in a life , gives it a semblance of meaning .
Owning a piece of history – however common , however rare – may even create a fleeting purpose in this world .
For me , certainly , getting involved in stamp collecting again was part of going through a difficult emotional patch . "
It was a different sort of emotional journey that brought 58 - year - old design guru Stephen Bayley back to stamps .
He was clearing out his parents ' house after their deaths when he rediscovered his childhood stamp albums and re-engaged with them .
He sees the crucial factor in today 's revival in interest in stamps as neither financial nor aesthetic .
" It is the elegiac aspect that is important , " he stresses .
" For some there is a nostalgia for their own past , but more widely people are realising that stamps are not likely to be with us for very much longer .
They are rather like other minor art forms – such as ashtrays in pubs – that are soon to be lost .
That realisation generates a wish to collect them , to preserve them as part of a disappearing culture . "
Stamps do , he concedes , have rather more to recommend them than ashtrays .
" They involve a whole range of creativity , within clear disciplines , not least dictated by their size .
So by collecting stamps , you are , at a fraction of the cost of collecting other forms of art , gaining access to a vast international archive of design . "
How does this style expert and social commentator rate stamp collecting 's long - term chances of losing the stigma of being on a par with twitching or model - airplane making ?
" It 's possible , " Bayley says .
" If I was given the brief by an international advertising agency to make stamps fashionable , my approach would be to present them first and foremost as an opportunity , open to all , to build an archive of amazing international graphic design . "
For details of the Festival of Stamps , visit london2010.org.uk
Stamps and glue and rock ' n'roll
The Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood is a prominent recent convert to stamp collecting .
He took it up on coming out of rehab as a way of " trying to stay on the straight and narrow " .
Tennis champion Maria Sharapova started collecting when she was a child , but has kept it up into adulthood .
" I have been lucky to travel to some amazing countries and I always try to collect stamps from every place I go . "
And French president Nicolas Sarkozy , a keen philatelist , sees the hobby as " an opening to the world , to history , to great events ... and to a world of artists , engravers and page designers " .
Other noted collectors have included John Lennon – his childhood album , complete with his sketches on some of the stamps , is at the Smithsonian National Postal Museum in Washington DC .
The first time I was in the LBJ Presidential Library and Museum was 1977 , shortly after I moved to Austin .
I was 25 , a full - time student at the University of Texas and a part - time employee of a typing service .
One day , the typing service got a contract to transcribe oral history tapes in the LBJ Library .
I was one of the typists chosen to do the work .
Every day after classes I would walk across campus to the tall white library .
The first thing you would hear as you entered was the voice of Lyndon B. Johnson himself .
It emanated from two kiosks on the second level where videos of his speeches played continuously .
If you were inside one of the kiosks , or nearby , you could understand what he was saying .
But , if you were anywhere else in the building , you would hear the sounds from both sources at once , mixing together and echoing Johnson 's voice familiar , but the words and phrases themselves mostly unintelligible , surreal , as if you were trapped inside Johnson 's brain , listening to his dream talk .
I worked on the top floor where this weird sonic jumble did not reach .
But that did not mean it was safe from Johnson 's voice .
As soon as you stepped off the elevator , you would hear him again , this time coming from the Oval Office replica down the hall .
The replica had been built to serve as Johnson 's office at the library .
To make him feel more at home , he wanted it to be exactly like the Oval Office , with all the furniture , paintings , and bric - a - brac from the original office installed in the replica .
Johnson did not use the office long .
Two years after the library 's opening , he died , after which the office became an exhibit , open to the public .
Visitors could push a button by the door that started an audio tape of Johnson describing each object in the room and its meaning to him , as well as offering his thoughts on the majesty of the office , the loneliness of the office , and so forth .
It was a long tape that tested ones attention span , with the result that most visitors would walk away before it ended , leaving Johnson to drone on for long stretches of time with no audience to benefit from his wisdom .
One night , after I had been working in this environment for several months , I had one of those dreams you have when you first fall asleep short , but vividly realistic .
In the dream , I was walking down the hall towards the Oval Office replica .
As usual , I could hear Johnson 's voice droning on and on .
Also , as usual , there was no audience .
But one thing was different .
When I walked up to the office door , I saw the rotting corpse of Lyndon Johnson seated at his desk .
I awoke bolt upright in bed , and ever afterwards whenever I was at the library walking down that hallway especially if I was alone I would avert my eyes as I passed the office and quicken my step .
I worked at the library for about a year .
It was easy work , and interesting .
I would cue up the tapes on a reel - to - reel player , put on a pair of headphones , and , working a foot pedal to rewind , pause and fast - forward , transcribe interviews that had been conducted with people who had known Johnson at different times of his life .
Most of the interviewees spoke glowingly of him .
Even those who were critical of him Kennedy staffers , most notably went to some pains to soften their criticism and try to find something nice to say .
And yet , despite everyone 's best efforts , what emerged from this Citizen Kane - style composite of interviews was not pretty .
It was not said in so many words in fact , was left entirely unsaid but nothing could obscure the picture : Lyndon Johnson was an overbearing , coarse , ruthless , sociopathic , low - life , power - mad monster .
Yes , he was a consummate politician , therefore could charm people when he had to , but the mask could easily slip , and often did .
Nowhere is this more vividly documented than in a photo taken during the 1960 Kennedy - Johnson campaign .
Here we see an out - of - control Johnson angrily reacting to a heckler while Kennedy tries to restrain him .
Johnson lacked the very rudiments of couth .
For instance , time and again , in the interviews I transcribed , people would describe him as a " fast eater " who , if you were unlucky enough to be seated next to him at dinner , would finish his plate before you had so much as lifted your fork and with a quick  you - dont - want - that - do - you ?  begin working on yours .
In fact , no place at the table was safe from him .
His long arms would be reaching all over the table , leaving many a person hungry .
Another bad habit of his was to dictate letters and conduct meetings while seated on the toilet .
Also , if he happened to be near the White House swimming pool , he would suddenly strip naked , no matter who was present , and jump in .
His apologists defend these behaviors as harmless eccentricities , a charming earthiness in his character .
This earthiness , however , would also cause him to do things less charming , such as fondle women in front of other people , including his wife , Lady Bird .
And these were n't even his worst traits .
He was also a bully .
In one of the oral histories , I recall a reporter describing an incident in which a drunken Vice President Johnson followed him around at a Washington party all evening , angrily haranguing him about something he had written .
The harangue only ended when the man fled the party .
And everyone had stories to tell about Johnson 's famous techniques of persuasion : his big face only inches from his victim's , talking , begging , pleading , imploring , threatening , while his hands worked constantly , grabbing an arm , grabbing a lapel , jabbing the chest , grabbing and jabbing and moving ever closer with no regard for social distance , until the victim agreed to whatever Johnson wanted .
These are animal behaviors .
Animals defecate in public , for instance , and mate in public , without the least concern for who might see .
Also , alpha males of many species engage in various behaviors to assert their dominance .
The ape showing its genitals , for instance , has its human counterpart in Johnson stripping in front of everyone for an impromptu skinny - dip .
His haranguing the reporter or shouting and gesturing at the heckler also correspond to primate aggression displays .
Apes also assert their dominance by mounting their fellow apes , a behavior different only by degree from Johnson 's violation of social distance and grabbing and jabbing .
Once , during one of his early congressional campaigns , Johnson and three aides drove through a blinding Texas blizzard to the home of a wealthy rancher they hoped would contribute to the campaign .
They spent the night with the rancher who like many old - time Texas country folk kept his house unheated on winter nights , causing it to be very cold in the morning .
Before daylight , Johnson 's aides were awake , dressed , and ready for another long drive to the next appointment .
But there was a problem with Johnson : he wouldnt get out of bed .
" It 's too cold , " he said .
" I cai n't get up . "
Very unlike Johnson , who usually was up before anyone else .
His aides began trying to persuade him to get up .
It was important , they told him , that they get on the road as soon as possible to keep the next appointment .
But he would not budge .
Finally , he said , " I need body warmth . "
What he meant by this was that one of his aides should climb under the covers with him to provide the body warmth .
This was immediately done .
The chosen aide sheepishly shucked off his shoes and got into bed .
Johnson then wrapped himself around the aide and rubbed against him until he felt warm enough to get out of bed .
This is a true story , straight from one of the oral histories I transcribed a story which I have often wondered about .
It is possible , of course , that Johnson really needed body warmth and might have died for lack of it .
But , given his animalistic urge to dominate , I have to wonder if something more was going on .
These are not the only bad habits of Lyndon Johnson .
There is another , and it is the ugliest of all .
As a young man , he is known to have tortured and killed a dog , on another occasion a mule incidents described in Blood , Power , and Money , the book written by Johnson 's lawyer , Barr McClellan , who points out that , though the information is readily available to researchers in the LBJ Library , it has for some reason been ignored by scholarseven by the critically acclaimed , usually meticulous Johnson biographer Robert Caro .
This omission is unfortunate , as it obscures the one most essential thing to know about Johnson that he was a killer .
It is a fact of criminal psychology that children who torture and kill animals for recreation do not respect life in general and frequently grow up to kill human beings .
This was Johnson 's destiny .
However , as an adult , Johnson did not have to dirty his own hands with these killings ; he could send his own personal hit man Mac Wallace to do the job .
One of Johnson and Wallace 's earliest victims was Department of Agriculture inspector Henry Marshall , who in the early 1960s was investigating Billy Sol Estes ' cotton allotment schemes .
This investigation was leading straight to Estes ' partner in crime , then - Vice President Lyndon Johnson , when Marshall suddenly died .
The death was ruled a suicide , albeit an unusual one .
According to the evidence , Marshall first beat himself unconscious , then attached a hose to the exhaust pipe of his pickup , stuck the other end in his mouth , asphyxiating himself , then crawled away , picked up his rifle , and fired several shots into his own dead body .
Most remarkable , but not true .
In 1984 , the true story emerged .
In grand jury testimony for which he had been granted immunity , Estes described a 1961 meeting between himself , Johnson , Cliff Carter , and Mac Wallace , during which the Marshall problem was discussed .
Johnson concluded the meeting by telling Wallace , " Get rid of him . "
As a result of Estes ' 1984 testimony , Marshall 's death certificate was changed to read , " Cause of death murder by gunshot . "
Estes detailed other Johnson murders carried out by Wallace .
One victim was Johnson 's sister , Josefa , whose involvement in late - night sex orgies in Austin 's Zilker Park had long worried Johnson .
It was just a matter of time , Johnson feared , before the vice squad raided the park and a scandal erupted that would destroy his career .
He solved the problem by sending Wallace to murder the hosts of these sex parties .
Josefa continued to be a problem , however , leading to her own murder years later .
Another Johnson victim , according to Estes , was President John F. Kennedy .
In Blood , Power , and Money , McClellan presents evidence linking Johnson to the Kennedy assassination .
Mac Wallace 's fingerprints , for instance , were found on a box on the sixth floor of the Texas Schoolbook Depository .
McClellan also traces the money trail from Texas oil barons Clint Murchison and H. L. Hunt , who financed the assassination , to Johnson lawyer Ed Clark , who organized it .
The assassination , it seems , was necessary to save Johnson 's political career .
The federal investigations of the criminal activities of Billy Sol Estes and Bobby Baker were leading straight to Johnson , with growing speculation that Johnson would be dropped from the 1964 presidential ticket , and even worse , face indictment and prison .
His only hope of escaping this disaster was to kill Kennedy and assume the office of the presidency .
As president , he would have the power to stop these investigations which is exactly what happened .
On the day of the assassination , Don Reynolds , a Bobby Baker associate , gave sworn testimony to the Senate Rules Committee describing a $ 100,000 payoff to Johnson for his role in securing a $ 7 billion defense contract for General Dynamics to develop the TFX fighter plane .
The moment news of Kennedys shooting was announced , Reynolds  testimony was terminated and never resumed .
Also , one of Johnson 's first acts as president was to halt further investigations into the l Estes matter .
Attorney General Robert Kennedy 's investigation of Mob figures such as Carlos Marcello , another Johnson crony believed to have been involved in the assassination , came to an end as well .
It would , however , be an over - simplification to say that the killing of Kennedy was solely Johnson 's idea , or that its sole purpose was to save his political career .
Other men besides Johnson had much to lose by the continuation of Kennedy 's presidency , and much to gain by his death .
Kennedy had eliminated the oil depletion allowance , signed the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty , begun withdrawing troops from Vietnam , refused to go along with Pentagon projects such as Operation Northwoods , made known his intention to destroy the CIA , and signed Executive Order 11110 , ending the power of the Federal Reserve to loan money to the government at interest .
With each new transgression against the power structure , Kennedy was costing too many men too much money , and greatly curtailing their power .
As a result , there began to be talk within the military - industrial complex and among international bankers that Kennedy should be eliminated and replaced by their man , Johnson .
Johnson owed his entire career to his biggest supporter , the Austin - based construction company Brown and Root .
In return for the companys support , he always looked out for its interests , securing it lucrative federal contracts over the years .
With the Vietnam War on the horizon , Brown and Root and other military - industrial contractors stood to make huge profitsall of which was threatened by the direction the Kennedy administration was going .
With the Kennedys pushing the investigations of Johnson behind the scenes and preparing to dump him in ' 64 , it was clear what the future held for these companies if they did not act in Johnson 's interests .
His interests were theirs .
So Kennedy was killed , Johnson became president , the war in Vietnam went on as planned , and today the LBJ Library looms over the University of Texas campus as a sort of monument to the assassination .
I worked at the library for about a year .
After that , I went back once to take my daughter there for a school assignment , but otherwise never went inside again , though I live in Austin and drive past often .
Then one day a few years ago , I went there to see a special exhibit on Lewis and Clark .
My daughter , now grown , was with me .
Before touring the exhibit , we went into the main hall to look at the Johnson exhibits .
There we found none other than Johnson 's daughter Luci Baines conducting a tour for a group of church ladies .
They had just reached the display dealing with the Kennedy years .
We attached ourselves to the group and listened .
Luci Baines described her father 's relationship with President Kennedy .
" It 's true they had their disagreements , " she said , " but my father always had the highest respect for John F. Kennedy .
Theirs was a great friendship , and a great working relationship . "
" Except for the time he had Kennedy killed , " I whispered to my daughter .
We left Luci Baines to see the Lewis and Clark exhibit .
On the way we passed one of the kiosks where the Johnson speech videos used to play .
There was a sign that read " The Humor of LBJ . "
" Let 's look at that , " I said .
We stepped inside the kiosk , but to my surprise , the video screens were gone and in their place was a life - size mannequin of Lyndon Johnson , dressed in a cowboy outfit and leaning on a wooden fence holding a lasso , sort of Will Rogers - like .
It appeared to be some kind of Disneyland - style robot , or audio - animatronic as they re called , but it was perfectly still and not saying anything .
Was it broke ?
Or was there a button to turn it on ?
I looked , but didnt see a button .
Then I noticed two empty chairs facing the robot .
As an experiment , I sat down in one of them .
It worked !
The moment my buttocks hit the chair , a spotlight lit up LBJ and he came alive .
My daughter sat down beside me and we began experiencing the Humor of LBJ .
The robot began lip -syncing to audio tapes of the real LBJ telling funny stories , the kind of anecdotes that are told at after - dinner speeches .
The mouth movements were accompanied by robotic hand gestures .
Sometimes the head would turn , too , causing the LBJ robot to look you right in the eye for a moment , with creepy effect .
The intent , no doubt , was to simulate life - like movement , but the stiffness and unnaturalness of these movements instead only made it seem more robotic .
It also had a dead look , reminding me of my dream from decades earlier the one in which I saw Johnson 's corpse in the Oval Office replica upstairs .
I shuddered .
The Humor of LBJ went on .
And on .
And on .
And on and on .
The robot seemed to have an endless supply of anecdotes .
He might have gone on telling them for hours , but we decided to give him a rest .
We stood up .
The spotlight went off .
The robot froze and fell silent in mid-sentence .
" If only it had been that easy to shut him up in the Sixties , " I said .
HOME
Volleyball Game
Volleyball is not as easy as it looks , and it requires a great deal of technical ability along with physical sharpness .
The volleyball techniques mentioned here are the basic things that one needs to know before playing the game , but they take a long time to perfect ..
There are mainly 6 aspects of the game that you will need to focus on individually , and all of these have their own methods and intricacies .
You need to focus your attention on serving , setting , passing , hitting , blocking and digging .
If someone is explaining volleyball techniques for beginners to you it will be easy to follow , but to actually put these tips into practice is a different matter altogether .
Six Steps Of Volleyball Techniques
Volleyball Quotes
Volleyball quotes and sayings reveal more about the sport , the teamwork involved as well as the funny side of it .
Here is a compilation of such quotes on volleyball .
Read on .
Volleyball is one of the most fascinating games in the world .
This sport inculcates nearly all qualities required in any sport like team spirit , sportsmanship , team work , etc .
However , here are some volleyball quotes and sayings by famous volleyball players or others that inspire amateur players as well as tell us more about this sport List Of Volleyball Quotes
Volleyball Court Size
Volleyball court size varies slightly depending on the tournament and whether it is men or women who are playing .
Check out the article below to know about volleyball court dimensions .
Volleyball is a sport played as a form of recreation and at a professional level as well .
Those who play the game in addition to the skills in the sport , ideally should know the sport inside out , just like they say jack of all trades and master of 1 !
If for instance , a volleyball player does not know the dimensions of a volleyball court , it would be of hardly any use however great player he or she would be .
Thus , knowing the expanse of playing area is essential for a player .
Therefore , here is it v olleyball Court Measurements
Volleyball Cheers
Volleyball cheers are an integral part of a volleyball game .
Want to know some catchy and jazzy volleyball chants ?
Read on !
Sometimes in a battle , when someone is losing the battle or losing the morale , the people involved need one moment of inspiration .
But that applies not just to a conventional battle but to all the things in life which we have to fight for .
Participating in a sport and representing a side , volleyball , for instance is being a part of a ' sporting ' battle .
What you need in times of despair is some morale boosting , which is provided by cheer leaders in a game of volleyball .
That is , of course in the form of volleyball cheers !
In case you want to know some , Volleyball Cheers and Chants
DukeTech writesRantastic and other readers wrote about the shutdown of the British Usenet indexer Newzbin today ; the site sank under the weight of a lawsuit and outstanding debt .
Combine these stories with the recent news of Microsoft shuttering its newsgroups , along with other stories , and the picture does not look bright for Usenet .
So you 've bought tickets with our awesome airfare guide , and you 're ready to vacay .
Here 's how to hit the ground running in any country , whether you 're trekking through the jungles of Southeast Asia or taking advantage of the declining euro .
Advertisement
Photo by Erica Ho .
It 's time to get over that vacation guilt you may feel , start packing more efficiently by rolling your clothes , and prep for your time off .
Whether your itinerary is already set or not , assuming you 've already taken care of any visa issues , you 're almost inevitably going to encounter some basic problems in every country .
Here 's some you can plan for ahead of time .
Advertisement
A note on my experience :
The number of countries I 've traveled through and visited has hit the double digits , and my travels span across efficient Japan to metropolitan Mexico City .
I 've also made my share of hiccups and mistakes , from being stuck in Manila as Tropical Storm Ondoy flooded the Philippines to learning how to tunnel out of the Great Firewall of China ( it is possible ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Accessing Money and Paying for Things
It 's almost never necessary to exchange money before you hop on the plane to your destination .
( One quick exception : Cuba .
If you 're heading to Cuba , do yourself a huge favor and make sure you 've got your money situation well - researched and ready before you go . )
There are ways to access your money abroad , and the exchange rate in your home country will be generally the worst you can get .
If you are overly concerned about security , traveler 's checks are a safe way to travel with money .
These checks will lock in exchange rates , so be aware of exchange rate trends beforehand .
We 'll cover safety later , but security and preparation measures are definitely on a continuum — only use as much as you 're comfortable with .
Advertisement
In most developed countries , credit card will always be widely accepted .
In second - and third - world countries , cash is king .
Even so , as credit cards are implemented with smart chips around the world , check with your local region to make sure they are compatible .
It 's always smart to carry a mixture of both forms of payment , and credit cards are relatively easy to cancel and replace .
Always , always alert your debit and credit card company to your exact travel plans .
Being stuck in a foreign country with absolutely no access to your money is almost as inconvenient as losing your passport .
Quite simply , you wo n't be able to do anything .
Quick tip :
If for some reason your credit card is frozen , and you can find a Wi -Fi spot , be aware that you can call your bank 's toll - free number for free through Skype .
Advertisement
Getting the Best Exchange Rate
Advertisement
Airports offer the most convenient way of exchanging your money , but provide less bang for your buck .
Instead , exchange only enough at the destination airport to cover getting into town , or for the first day , depending if the banks are open or not .
Local banks and currency exchangers in town often provide the best deal .
Like with most everything else , shop around for a good exchange rate instead of going to the first bank ( especially if you 're planning to exchange a lot of money ) .
Photo by viZZZual.com .
It 's important to be aware of when and what day you come into town .
You may be used to traditional Monday to Friday business hours until 6 pm , but banks do not operate similarly everywhere .
Heading into Tokyo after 4 pm ?
Guess what , you 're out of luck — no money exchange for you .
Advertisement
If you do n't want to exchange money , it 's possible to pay in other currencies , such as the American dollar .
Wherever this is an option , though , the dollar is almost always exchanged at a lower rate than the current rate ( unless the currency is pegged to the dollar ) .
For example , in Mexico , some merchants will calculate 10 Mexican pesos to the dollar whereas the current rate hovers closer to 12 - 13 Mexican pesos per dollar .
Paying in the local currency will almost always work out in your favor .
Avoid ATM and Foreign Currency Fees
When using a credit card or debit card , most banks charge foreign currency fees , which will be 1 - 3 percent of the total purchase .
The same goes for withdrawing from ATMs ; but instead of just getting charged for the foreign currency fee , most people will get slapped with an additional international ATM fee , which can be up to $ 5 per transaction .
As a result , it is highly recommended to withdraw less frequently in larger denominations .
Advertisement
If you decide to withdraw from an ATM to access your money , check to see if your bank is part of any allegiances or alliances .
For instance , Bank of America is part of the Global ATM Alliance , which is a major international alliance that allows use of a partner ATM while waiving international ATM fees .
( It does not necessarily waive foreign currency fees . )
The Global ATM alliance covers major banks on all the six inhabited continents in several countries , including Mexico 's Santander Serfin , Europe 's Barclays and Deutsche Bank , and the South Pacific 's Westpac .
A few other banks stand out in this department .
Capital
One , for instance , does not charge any foreign currency fees but does charge for international ATM fees .
That means that it is better to use a Capital One card for credit card purchases , but not necessarily ATM withdrawals .
Charles Schwab , on the other hand , has a checking account that refunds ATM fees worldwide , making it a better choice for the ATM route .
Quick tip :
When paying in foreign currencies , to quickly convert prices in your head , learn what the $ 5 and $ 10 equivalents are to get a good estimate on the price you 're paying .
Advertisement
Not All Language Phrases Are Created Equal
Advertisement
The oft - heard quote goes something like this : " If you speak two languages , you 're bilingual .
If you speak one language , you 're American . "
Language is often not the big barrier that most people seem to think it is , ( and if you 're reading this article , chances are that you 're already proficient in one of the most widespread languages in the world ) , but knowing a few key phrases never hurts .
Photo by maveric2003 ; " rebajas " is the Spanish word for " sale . "
Being a good traveler means knowing how to get by in the dominant language of the country you 're heading to .
All words are not created equal : learning how to say " how are you " is n't anywhere as useful as learning " I need help finding my hotel . "
Here 's a short , basic list of phrases you should learn in another language if you 're traveling to a foreign land with a different language :
The Basics
Interacting with others will be a part of your vacation .
Being polite is a part of everyday life in every culture , not just America .
Greetings ( Good morning / afternoon / evening ) .
Common courtesies ( Please , excuse me , sorry , thank you , thank you very much ) .
Shopping
How much does it cost ?
A clear sticker price wo n't always be conveniently displayed on every interesting item in the store .
That said , knowing this question wo n't help if you do n't know numbers .
Numbers one through ten , 50 , 100 , 1000 .
Numbers are crucial .
Whether they 're used for shopping , street numbers , or directions , numbers can be the building block for putting key pieces of information together .
It 's nice knowing that your hotel is two blocks away from the park if you 're a little lost .
Eating I would like _________ .
It is very easy to point at an item in a menu , but it does n't take much effort to learn how to order something .
May I have the bill ?
When you 're ready to go to next your destination and your waiter at the European - style café has n't shown up with the bill , this phrase is also useful .
Like in all vacations , time is money , my dear friend .
Everyday Situations
How do you say _________ ?
Probably the most useful phrase in terms of utility , because it actually allows you to learn additional words of the language .
Use it everywhere and you'd be surprised at how quickly you pick things up .
Please do n't bother me / I do n't need help .
As a tourist , the odds of being bothered or harassed by a street / merchant vendor or local " guides " are high .
Even though it might seem rude , having someone follow you around for minutes is n't going to add to the enjoyment of your vacation .
Where is the bathroom ?
" Donde está el baño " might have gotten snickers when you were a kid in middle school , but it 's really not funny when you have an emergency bowel situation from eating that Indian curry and can't locate the nearest restroom .
I 'm trying to find _________ .
This phrase is pretty self - explanatory .
If you get lost , you 're going to need this phrase more than you need that Lonely Planet guide .
If Your Language Skills Are Minimal
If you 're so wildly busy that you wo n't have a chance to brush up on learning new phrases , at least learn the two phrases below ; they 'll establish your lack of knowledge know - how .
I do n't speak _________ .
Do you speak English ?
Do n't Be Afraid to Point and Use Gestures
It feels a little elementary - school at times , but pointing to objects and using gestures will get you far .
Not all gestures are universal , but the basic ones are .
( This reason is why there 's even a Point It book , which was exclusively designed for travelers in mind , exists .
The small , portable book contains pictures in which a person can point at to indicate something . )
It 's also possible to point at pictures that you 've taken of objects and landmarks on your digital camera .
While it may take a while to get the point across , chances are that it will get through eventually .
Advertisement
Staying Safe During Your Vacation
Nothing is big as a concern as staying safe in a place you 've never been to before .
Generally , most places are safer than most people think — the reputation often precedes the city .
Many people would be surprised to know that Bogotá , Colombia is safer than Washington , D.C. when it comes to the crime rate per capita .
Regardless , the same precautions that you take in the United States should be the same no matter whether it 's Mexico City , Rome , or New York .
As we mentioned earlier , security and preparation measures are definitely on a continuum .
Advertisement
Register With Your Embassy
Registering with the U.S. Department of State before a trip abroad is a wise move .
U.S. citizens can register at the U.S. Department of State 's web site .
If the government places a travel alert on a country , you will be notified immediately via email with relevant information .
The guidelines are good , especially if political and economic situations arise making it possibly unsafe to travel .
Advertisement
Keeping track of news can be invaluable in case you need to cancel your trip or rearrange your trip to avoid difficult situations .
For instance , Thailand , once a common tropical summer getaway , is now experiencing political turmoil and protests particularly in the areas of Bangkok .
As a transit point , it has been deemed okay to travel through , but many countries have advised against spending a considerable amount of time in the city .
Using Taxis in Foreign Countries
A strong concern in most countries regards using taxis safely , and the truth is that it varies .
For instance , in China , which is one of the most foreign - friendly countries , hailing any taxi cab is a walk in the park .
In Mexico and other countries , it can be more of a concern .
To err on the safe side , if you 're not sure , always call a taxi beforehand instead of hailing one on the street and take government or official ( metered ) taxis .
If the taxi is n't metered , bargain or settle on a price before getting into the car .
Advertisement
Photo by Ben Fredericson .
Stay Observant and Smile
Above all , use your common sense , be alert , and smile .
Smiling , pointing , and talking will get you far in developing a rapport with the locals .
If you 're in a sketchy area of town , do n't go by yourself , do n't stay out late at night , and only carry enough money for the day .
Everyone has heard about or met that person who was punched and robbed the first day in .
If you 're unsure about the safety of a particular area , ask hotel staff who will have the best advice .
( Good hotel staff do more than just provide you a place to sleep — they will provide information on the areas around town . )
Advertisement
In countries where pickpocketing is a concern , keep your wallet or backpack in front of you so that you 're always aware of where it is .
If you 're not sure , the biggest tip is by observing how the locals carry their possessions around town and imitating them like - so .
Carabiners are also pretty useful for hooking your wallet or purse to yourself or the chair that you 're sitting on .
Traveling with Technology
You 've paid gargantuan amounts of money for your flight , and you 're crossing thousands of miles , so it 's only natural that you want the best technology around to capture the moments from your trip .
Still , it 's important to remember that often , when traveling , less is more .
You 'll be glad when you only have to carry three gadgets around instead of lugging around five .
Even more importantly if you do decide to take your computers and gadgets , do n't forget to check the electrical outlets of the region .
A power converter might be needed to save the day .
Advertisement
Plan Ahead When Traveling Abroad with Laptops
For many of us , a true vacation is one in which we stay offline for once .
But if you simply can 't… Read more
Bringing Your Laptop Along
Netbooks , which are popular for surfing the web , are ideally the optimal computing device to travel with .
Internet access is , more or less , accessible and fairly strong everywhere ( unless you 're going into the heart of the African wilderness ) .
The miniature computers are ideal because they are light , portable , provide Skype and email access , and can upload pictures from your digital camera .
Traveling does n't mean you completely have to disconnect from the world , but staying behind a computer screen should n't be your main focus on a vacation , like we discovered previously when we pondered whether we should bring our laptop to Thailand .
However , if you have a Wi-Fi-enabled smartphone , it is possible to completely replace the laptop if you only plan to use the internet minimally .
Advertisement
Getting Things Done Traveling Through Southeast Asia Getting work done on the road when you visit another state for a few days is one thing , but …
Read more
Staying Connected by Phone
If you wish to be accessible by cell phone , carrying a GSM unlocked phone is important .
( Check with your carrier to see if it is possible to unlock your phone . )
With the exception of a few countries , which we covered in a previous article , most if not all countries use GSM networks like AT&T and T - Mobile .
Some people prefer to take an old dumbphone for their communication needs when traveling , but assuming you use the same precautions as you do in the States , you should n't run into any problems with losing your phone that do n't already exist at home .
In most countries , prepaid options are better than they are in the United States .
It is very easy to grab a SIM card from most convenience stores or mobile service vendors and have a number ready to go .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Photo by ydhsu .
Skype still remains the most dominant and cost - efficient method for calling overseas back to the United States .
But through a combination of Google Voice and Skype options , it is also possible to have people call your Google Voice number and reach you through Skype by connecting your Skype In number , a paid service that gives you a local US number .
Along the same lines , we previously covered how to make free VOIP calls through Google Voice .
Advertisement
Google Voice is also pretty invaluable for checking your text messages and voicemail from abroad .
Change the settings in Google Voice to alert you via email every single time someone sends you a text message or voicemail .
Since you can respond to text messages by Google Voice 's web interface , it 's almost like a form of free international texting .
Advertisement
The Best iPhone App to Get You By
Unfortunately , for America , the United States is unique in the fact that we use the imperial system .
There are numerous travel apps out there , but the more universal ones will be converters you can use on your vacation .
Convert Everything
Free is a free solid iPhone app we 've found that converts a solid amount of currencies , translates Fahrenheit to Celsius , and will translate miles and weight into the metric system .
It 's just a sampling of the many of these converter apps out there , but Convert Everything Free gets the job done when I 'm trying to figure out how many miles are in five kilometers .
Technology Is Expensive … and Desirable
When traveling with over hundreds or even thousands of dollars in gear , it is important to be very , very careful .
These items are the most prone to be stolen , so keep them out of sight in your hotel room ( things do get stolen in hotel rooms ) or take them out only when you need to use them .
Use your common sense , like in any big city or small town .
You would n't flaunt your fancy laptop in the crime - ridden areas of America , so why would you bring them out in the most dangerous areas of any town ?
Like we stated above , it is important to be sensitive to the environment and atmosphere around you .
Quick tip :
While it may be hard to disguise the fact that you are a tourist in certain situations , realize that in certain countries , the expensive , fancy DSLR camera hanging around your neck can be equivalent to an annual salary for a local .
Keep your camera stashed away safely and pull it out only when you need it .
If you 're really concerned , consider uglifying your camera to deter thieves .
Advertisement
Most Importantly ...
Traveling is n't exactly rocket science .
If anything , it 's more common sense and keeping your wits about you instead of being lulled into a false sense of security .
Even then , it 's about being reasonable and not being overly paranoid so you can actually enjoy your trip .
So get excited , get packing , and let us know how you finally made it to the Arc de Triomphe or Angkor Wat in the comments below .
Advertisement
The author , Erica
Ho , often considers the airport her second home due to a bad case of the travel bug .
She is currently traveling in Guatemala .
Follow us on Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
INDIA INDIA : Severe academic shortage hits elite institutes Tweet India 's élite institutes of technology , or IITs , and institutes of management , IIMs , which train some of the country 's top engineers and managers are battling a severe shortage of academics that threatens the quality of education at the sought - after institutions .
The number of academic vacancies in the seven old IITs has increased from 877 in 2008 - 09 to 1,065 in 2009 - 10 , Junior Education Minister Daggubati Purandeswari said in a Parliamentary answer last week .
The vacancies in the seven institutions in 2007 - 08 stood at 971 .
Many top staff are lured away by better salaries in industry which can amount to three times an academic 's salary .
Despite the prestige of these institutions within India , they have been unable to attract faculty from abroad because of limited finances .
" Recruitment of faculty is a continuous process and all - out efforts are made by the institutes to fill up vacant posts , " Purandeswari said .
" Institutions have been employing suitable strategies to attract and retain quality faculty which include attractive pay structure , provisions of good residential accommodation , medical facilities , initial research grants and so on . "
The technology institute at Kharagpur has 299 academic vacancies , followed by 222 at IIT Bombay , 194 at IIT Roorkee , 138 at IIT Madras , 78 at IIT Delhi , 69 at IIT Kanpur and 65 at IIT Guwahati , Purandeswari said .
The problem has been compounded with the opening of eight new IITs during 2009 and 2010 to cope with a burgeoning demand for engineers .
The new institutions are struggling to fill 280 faculty positions .
Meanwhile , some 95 vacant posts exist at the country 's seven institutes of management .
Seven new IIMs planned by the Education Ministry will need 392 more academics over the next three years .
According to the IITs , the 15 institutes will need 12,000 academics over the next 10 to 12 years to maintain the current student teacher ratio of 10:1 .
In 2010 , 450,000 students applied for the 7,000 places at 15 IITs .
The teacher shortage is threatening the quality of the coveted government institutions .
But the situation echoes shortages elsewhere in the university system .
A sample survey of 47 universities by a government pay review committee in December 2008 showed that 48.6 % of teaching posts were vacant .
Out of the 16,579 posts , only 8,064 were filled .
The 12 new central universities that became functional this year are also struggling to fill vacancies .
The Central University of Orissa , located in Koraput - a tribal - dominated district with minimal facilities - is finding it extremely difficult to attract faculty .
The university has four academics for 150 postgraduate students and needs to recruit a further 11 .
The National Knowledge Commission , a think - tank on education , said in 2006 that India would need 1,500 additional universities to cater to the aspirations of young Indians .
There are 504 universities and higher education institutions at present .
But focusing on expansion without planning for academics or infrastructure has left the newly established higher educational institutions in a lurch .
Education Minister Kapil Sibal plans to raise the gross enrolment ratio in higher education of 18 - 30 year olds from the existing 12 % to an ambitious 30 % .
To achieve that he has to find the teachers for the university classrooms .
Comment
The shortage of faculty in universities is nothing new .
This has existed since the 1990s .
There is no coherent policy in this matter with central and state governments .
It is better to re-employ highly qualified retired faculty in government universities .
Raising the retirement age to 65 and for re-employment to 70 has not helped much in the centrally - funded institutions .
Thousands of these people are already employed in private deemed universities for very high salaries which they have not seen in their active service with government universities before .
Therefore re-employment of retired faculties on liberal service terms based on the individual 's merit is the only way to solve this problem .
Professor T.K. Raja ,
Department of Biotechnology ,
PSG College of Technology ,
Coimbatore 641004 ,
INDIA
Comment :
It is true that there is acute shortage of qualified faculty in institutions of higher learning .
The shortage of faculty in state and central universities has greatly affected the quality of teaching and research activities .
In spite of the revised pay scales , it may become difficult to find qualified people , since the output from the institutions may barely meet the demand .
Professor K.K.Achary ,
Mangalore University ,
Konaje , Karnataka , India India 's élite institutes of technology , or IITs , and institutes of management , IIMs , which train some of the country 's top engineers and managers are battling a severe shortage of academics that threatens the quality of education at the sought - after institutions .
The number of academic vacancies in the seven old IITs has increased from 877 in 2008 - 09 to 1,065 in 2009 - 10 , Junior Education Minister Daggubati Purandeswari said in a Parliamentary answer last week .
The vacancies in the seven institutions in 2007 - 08 stood at 971 .
Many top staff are lured away by better salaries in industry which can amount to three times an academic 's salary .
Despite the prestige of these institutions within India , they have been unable to attract faculty from abroad because of limited finances .
" Recruitment of faculty is a continuous process and all - out efforts are made by the institutes to fill up vacant posts , " Purandeswari said .
" Institutions have been employing suitable strategies to attract and retain quality faculty which include attractive pay structure , provisions of good residential accommodation , medical facilities , initial research grants and so on .
" The technology institute at Kharagpur has 299 academic vacancies , followed by 222 at IIT Bombay , 194 at IIT Roorkee , 138 at IIT Madras , 78 at IIT Delhi , 69 at IIT Kanpur and 65 at IIT Guwahati , Purandeswari said .
The problem has been compounded with the opening of eight new IITs during 2009 and 2010 to cope with a burgeoning demand for engineers .
The new institutions are struggling to fill 280 faculty positions .
Meanwhile , some 95 vacant posts exist at the country 's seven institutes of management .
Seven new IIMs planned by the Education Ministry will need 392 more academics over the next three years .
According to the IITs , the 15 institutes will need 12,000 academics over the next 10 to 12 years to maintain the current student teacher ratio of 10:1.
In 2010 , 450,000 students applied for the 7,000 places at 15 IITs .
The teacher shortage is threatening the quality of the coveted government institutions .
But the situation echoes shortages elsewhere in the university system .
A sample survey of 47 universities by a government pay review committee in December 2008 showed that 48.6 % of teaching posts were vacant .
Out of the 16,579 posts , only 8,064 were filled .
The 12 new central universities that became functional this year are also struggling to fill vacancies .
The Central University of Orissa , located in Koraput - a tribal - dominated district with minimal facilities - is finding it extremely difficult to attract faculty .
The university has four academics for 150 postgraduate students and needs to recruit a further 11 .
The National Knowledge Commission , a think - tank on education , said in 2006 that India would need 1,500 additional universities to cater to the aspirations of young Indians .
There are 504 universities and higher education institutions at present .
But focusing on expansion without planning for academics or infrastructure has left the newly established higher educational institutions in a lurch .
Education Minister Kapil Sibal plans to raise the gross enrolment ratio in higher education of 18 - 30 year olds from the existing 12 % to an ambitious 30 % .
To achieve that he has to find the teachers for the university classrooms .
The shortage of faculty in universities is nothing new .
This has existed since the 1990s .
There is no coherent policy in this matter with central and state governments .
It is better to re-employ highly qualified retired faculty in government universities .
Raising the retirement age to 65 and for re-employment to 70 has not helped much in the centrally - funded institutions .
Thousands of these people are already employed in private deemed universities for very high salaries which they have not seen in their active service with government universities before .
Therefore re-employment of retired faculties on liberal service terms based on the individual 's merit is the only way to solve this problem .
Department of Biotechnology , PSG College of Technology , Coimbatore 641004 , INDIAIt is true that there is acute shortage of qualified faculty in institutions of higher learning .
The shortage of faculty in state and central universities has greatly affected the quality of teaching and research activities .
In spite of the revised pay scales , it may become difficult to find qualified people , since the output from the institutions may barely meet the demand .
Mangalore University , Konaje , Karnataka , India Follow University World News on Facebook
Receive UWN 's free weekly e-newsletters
12:00 am
at
on
by Ryan
Another awesome one written by Vee .
Today Fox News published a story that irresponsibly smeared the Wikimedia projects and a member of the Wikimedia Foundation ’s staff , Erik Moeller .
The story repeats serious falsehoods and offers information taken grossly out of context , resulting in what amounts to a deliberate misrepresentation of reality .
Wikipedia is highly visible , and not uncontroversial .
The Wikimedia Foundation wants to provide an environment in which staff and editors can do their work free of harassment and slander .
The Wikimedia Foundation is appalled and angry that Erik ’s employment with us has resulted in him becoming a target , and we believe that recklessly maligning him is indefensible .
Erik is a principled and valued employee : we are proud to support him .
On the topic of allegedly illegal materials on Wikipedia and our projects : The Wikimedia Foundation obeys the law .
In the weeks since Sanger ’s published allegations , the Wikimedia Foundation has not been contacted by the FBI or any other law - enforcement agency with regard to allegedly illegal content on any Wikimedia projects .
Our community of volunteer editors takes action to remove illegal material when such material is brought to its attention .
The Wikimedia Foundation is proud of the Wikimedia editors who zealously work to keep the projects free of illegal material .
If and when we are informed by law enforcement agencies of illegal content that has not already been removed through self - policing , we will take quick action to delete it .
( UPDATE ) Erik Moeller has posted a detailed response in his personal blog as well .
Archive notice :
This is an archived post from blog .
wikimedia.org , which operated under different editorial and content guidelines than Diff .
Published online 26 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.265
News
Mutating and migrating stem rust pathogen could soon spread across the world .
Ug99 stem rust , a devastating wheat fungus , has spread south .
Cereal Disease Lab / USDA
Two new forms of a devastating wheat fungus , known as Ug99 stem rust , have shown up in South Africa , a study has found .
The two South African forms are able to overcome the effects of two resistance genes in wheat that normally prevent stem rust from taking hold .
The genes cause plant cells around the infection site to die , stopping the fungus from further infecting the plant .
They are two of the most important genes in wheat because they are selected for in crop - breeding programmes across the world .
The discovery of the new forms marks the first time that the stem rust fungus with virulence against key genetic resistance has moved south of its origins in Uganda , east Africa , the research says .
The presence of new forms of Ug99 in South Africa makes wheat crops in areas including the Middle East and south Asia vulnerable as the fungus can now migrate using different wind trajectories , says Zacharias Pretorius , a wheat pathologist at the University of the Free State in Bloemfontein , South Africa , and one of the authors of the study .
Pretorius and his colleagues will present their research in early June at a conference on wheat rust in St Petersburg , Russia , organized by the Borlaug Global Rust Initiative , which was founded by the late US agronomist Norman Borlaug , winner of the 1970 Nobel Peace Prize .
“ It 's mutating and migrating . ”
" It 's mutating and migrating , " says Pretorius .
" The concern is that other wheat - growing countries will become vulnerable to infection . "
" Eventually it will reach North America and Europe , " says Ronnie Coffman , a plant - breeding scientist at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York .
He warns that in the next few years , farmers across the world will need to replace up to 90 % of the current wheat varieties with new , resistant varieties to ensure crops are protected against the fungus .
Arms race
The reddish - brown , wind - borne fungus was first discovered in Uganda in 1999 and has since spread to five countries , including Kenya , Ethiopia and Iran .
It attacks the stems of wheat plants by destroying vascular tissue so that plants can no longer stand upright .
Infected plants produce fewer seeds and may die .
The fungus can devastate harvests : for example , farmers in the Narok region of Kenya lost up to 80 % of their wheat crop due to Ug99 in 2007 .
In total , seven mutant strains of the fungus are now known , including the latest forms , originally identified in South Africa in 2007 and 2009 .
These strains pose an even greater threat to wheat than other types of Ug99 because they are more virulent and the wheat plants have fewer defences against infection , says Pretorius .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pretorius and his team analysed the genomes of the new stem rust variants and compared them to the genome of a common and less dangerous form of the fungus found in South Africa in 2000 .
The team found that the variant detected in 2007 is likely to have arisen through a single mutation of the more common form , making it able to overcome the Sr24 wheat gene that usually confers resistance to the pathogen .
The team also found that the variant discovered in 2009 was likely to have migrated into South Africa from another country in east Africa , such as Kenya , and is able to overcome the effects of the resistance gene Sr31 as well as Sr24 .
The fungus and its variants are now able to overcome at least 32 of around 50 resistance genes , according to Ravi Singh , a plant geneticist and pathologist at the Mexico - based International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre .
An international project that is researching resistance to wheat rust , led by Cornell University , is developing new tools to help defeat the pathogen .
Sarah Davidson , associate director of the project , says that it will have isolated eight new resistance genes by the end of the year .
The project is also investigating why rice , the only cereal that is not damaged by the rust , is immune .
New rules on tipping after a meal Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mike Sargeant finds out about new laws which make it illegal for bars , restaurants and hotels to use tips to make up a minimum salary .
Working Lunch MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
While it may take months to stop the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , it ’s not too soon to begin asking some questions about why it happened and what can be done to minimize the chance that something like this will happen again .
Thanks to The Wall Street Journal ’s terrific reporting last week , there are two important things we already know .
First , an oil - drilling procedure called cementing — which is supposed to prevent oil and natural gas from escaping by filling gaps between the outside of the well pipe and the inside of the hole bored into the ocean floor — has been identified as a leading cause of well blowouts .
Indeed , a 2007 study by the Minerals Management Service ( or MMS , the division of the Interior Department responsible for offshore drilling ) found that this procedure was implicated in 18 out of 39 blowouts in the Gulf of Mexico over the 14 years it studied — more than any other factor .
Cementing , which was handled by Halliburton , had just been completed prior to the recent explosion .
The Journal notes that Halliburton was also the cementer on a well that suffered a big blowout last August in the Timor Sea off Australia .
While BP ’s management has been responsive to press inquiries and relatively forthcoming as to its responsibility , Halliburton has refused to answer any questions — an all - too - familiar stance on its part .
Second , the oil well now spewing large quantities of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico lacked a remote - control acoustic shutoff switch used by rigs in Norway and Brazil as the last line of defense against underwater spills .
There ’s a story behind that .
As the Journal reports , after a spill in 2000 , the MMS issued a safety notice saying that such a back - up device is “ an essential component of a deepwater drilling system . ”
The industry pushed back in 2001 , citing alleged doubts about the capacity of this type of system to provide a reliable emergency backup .
By 2003 , government regulators decided that the matter needed more study after commissioning a report that offered another , more honest reason : “ acoustic systems are not recommended because they tend to be very costly . ”
I guess that depends on what they ’re compared to .
The system costs about $ 500,000 per rig .
BP is spending at least $ 5 million per day battling the spill , the well destroyed by the explosion is valued at $ 560 million , and estimated damages to fishing , tourism , and the environment already run into the billions .
There ’s something else we know , something that suggests an explanation for this sequence of events .
After the Bush administration took office , the MMS became a cesspool of corruption and conflicts of interest .
In September 2008 , Earl Devaney , Interior ’s Inspector General , delivered a report to Secretary Dirk Kempthorne that has to be read to be believed .
One section , headlined “ A Culture of Ethical Failure , ” documented the belief among numerous MMS staff that they were “ exempt from the rules that govern all other employees of the Federal Government . ”
They adopted a “ private sector approach to essentially everything they did . ”
This included “ opting themselves out of the Ethics in Government Act . ”
On at least 135 occasions , they accepted gifts and gratuities from oil and gas companies with whom they worked .
One of the employees even had a lucrative consulting arrangement with a firm doing business with the government .
And in a laconic sentence that speaks volumes , the IG reported : “ When confronted by our investigators , none of the employees involved displayed remorse . ”
So here ’s my question : what is responsible for MMS ’s change of heart between 2000 and 2003 on the crucial issue of requiring a remote control switch for offshore rigs ?
What we do know is that unfettered oil drilling was to Dick Cheney ’s domestic concerns what the invasion of Iraq was to his foreign policy — a core objective , implacably pursued regardless of the risks .
Is there a connection between his infamous secret energy task force and the corrupt mindset that came to dominate a key program within MMS ?
Would $ 500,000 per rig have been regarded as an unacceptably expensive insurance policy if a drill - baby - drill administration had n’t placed its thumb so heavily on the scale ?
Never a toy system , Emacspeak is voluntarily bundled with all major Linux distributions .
Though designed to be modular , distributors have freely chosen to bundle the fully integrated system without any undue pressure --- a documented success for the integrated innovation embodied by Emacspeak .
As the system evolves , both upgrades and downgrades continue to be available at the same zero - cost to all users .
The integrity of the Emacspeak codebase is ensured by the reliable and secure Linux platform used to develop and distribute the software .
Extensive studies have shown that thanks to these features , users consider Emacspeak to be absolutely priceless .
Thanks to this wide - spread user demand , the present version remains priceless as ever --- it is being made available at the same zero - cost as previous releases .
At the same time , Emacspeak continues to innovate in the area of eyes - free social interaction and carries forward the well - established Open Source tradition of introducing user interface features that eventually show up in luser environments .
On this theme , when once challenged by a proponent of a crash - prone but well - marketed mousetrap with the assertion " Emacs is a system from the 70's " , the creator of Emacspeak evinced surprise at the unusual candor manifest in the assertion that it would take popular idiot - proven interfaces until the year 2070 to catch up to where the Emacspeak audio desktop is today .
Industry experts welcomed this refreshing breath of Courage Certainty and Clarity ( CCC ) at a time when users are reeling from the Fear Uncertainty and Doubt ( FUD ) unleashed by complex software systems backed by even more convoluted press releases .
Does this tiny ad smell okay to you ?
BWB second printing , pre-order dealio ( poor man 's poll ) https://permies.com/t/147624/BWB-printing-pre-order-dealio
Die Startseite des Umweltbundesamtes www.umweltbundesamt.de ( UBA ) war mit dem Trojaner ZeuS infiziert .
Möglicherweise wurden PCs von Besuchern ebenfalls mit ZeuS infiziert .
ZeuS ist ein äußerst effektiver Trojaner , der es insbesondere auf Online - Banking - Daten abgesehen hat .
Er ist in der Lage , seinem Opfer eine echte Bankseite vorzugaukeln , indem er eigenen HTML - Code in den Browser schleust .
Eingegebene PINs , TANs und anderen Daten verschickt er in Echtzeit unter anderem mit einem integrierten Instant - Messaging - Client .
Er tarnt sich im System mittels Rootkit - Techniken .
Einzelne Fachbereich des Umweltbundesamtes wie die Deutsche Emissionshandelsstelle ( DEHSt ) haben ihre Kunden bereits per Mail informiert .
" Falls Sie die Internetseite des UBA zwischen Freitag , dem 19 .
März , und Montag , dem 22 .
März 2010 , besucht haben , könnte sich der Trojaner auf Ihren Computer herunter geladen haben " , schreibt das DEHSt in seiner Warnung .
Allerdings behauptet das DEHSt in seiner Mail : " Das Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik ( BSI ) stuft den Trojaner zwar als ungefährlich ein , empfiehlt aber seit gestern alle Besucher der UBA - Homepage vorsorglich zu informieren . "
Auf Nachfrage von heise Security stellte das BSI jedoch klar , dass es ZeuS keinesfalls für ungefährlich halte .
" Das BSI stuft Zeus natürlich nicht als ungefährlich ein .
Zeus gehört vielmehr zu den aktuell gefährlichsten und durchdachtesten Bankingtrojanern , zusammen mit URLZone " , betonte Dr Timo Steffens vom CERT - Bund .
Wie es zu der Kommunkationspanne kam , ist unklar .
Man gehe davon aus , dass die UBA - Seite ( im Rahmen einer größeren Attacke ) zufällig von den Hackern getroffen wurde .
Wie der Trojaner auf die Seite des Bundesamtes gelangt ist , ist offiziell nicht bekannt .
Das Internetportal der DEHSt ( www.dehst.de) sowie die Seiten des Registers ( www.register.dehst.de) waren nicht betroffen .
Anwendern , die im genannten Zeitraum die UBA - Seite besucht haben , empfiehlt das DEHSt , den PC mit einer Live - CD zu überprüfen , beispielsweise mit Desinfec't oder einer der kostenlosen Rescue - CDs vieler Antivirenhersteller .
Das Umweltbundesamt selbst hat noch keine Warnung veröffentlicht .
Im Gespräch mit heise Security erklärte des Pressesprecher Martin Ittershagen jedoch , dass man im Laufe des heutigen Tages ein Pressemitteilung veröffentlichen wolle .
Siehe dazu auch :
Zum ZeuS - Bot siehe auch :
( dab )
Meet the nano - spiders :
The DNA robots that could one day be walking through your body
Scientists have created microscopic robots out of DNA molecules that can walk , turn and even create tiny products of their own on a nano - scale assembly line .
The ground - breaking devices outlined in the journal Nature , could one day lead to armies of surgeon robots that could clean human arteries or build computer components .
In one of the projects a team from New York 's Columbia University created a spider bot just four nanometres across .
This is about 100,000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair .
For example , ' robots ' made from DNA ( like these nano - spiders ) and proteins could be used in surgery to correct gene disorders .
For them to follow the laws , the robots would have to be an an integral part of the human they were working on - making it difficult to determine whether the robot was independent enough to fall under the laws or operate outside of them
The nano - spider moves along a track comprising stitched - together strands of DNA that is essentially a pre-programmed course .
The track exploits DNA 's double - helix molecule - a structure of four chemicals that are paired in rungs .
By ' unzipping ' the DNA you end up with a track that can be used rather like the teeth in a clockwork mechanism .
A cog can move around the teeth , provided it meshes with them .
By using strands that correspond to sequences in the track , the robot can be made to walk , turn left or right as it is biochemically attracted to the next matching stretch .
The spider 's ' body ' is a common protein called streptavidin .
Attached to it are three ' legs ' of single - strand enzymatic DNA , which binds to , and then cuts , a particular sequence of DNA .
The fourth leg is a strand that anchors the spider to the starting point .
Study leader Milan Stojanovic said : ' After the robot is released from its start site by a trigger strand , it follows the track by binding to and then cutting the DNA strands . '
Once the strand is cut , the leg starts reaching for the next matching stretch of DNA in the track .
In this way , the spider is guided down the path set by the researchers .
Eventually , the robot encounters a patch of DNA to which it can bind but can not cut .
At that point , it is immobilised .
A molecular nanorobot dubbed a ' spider ' and labeled with green dyes moves along a DNA track to its red-labeled goal
To watch the spider in motion , the researchers used atomic force microscopy which showed the molecular robots following four different paths .
Molecular robots have drawn huge interest because of the allure of programming them to sense their environment and react to it .
For instance , they could note disease markers on a cell surface , decide that the cell is cancerous and needs to be destroyed and then deliver a compound to kill it .
Other DNA walkers have been developed in the past , but they have never ventured more than a few steps , said Hao Yan , a professor at Arizona State University .
Professor
Yan said : ' This one can walk about to about 100 nanometers .
That 's roughly 50 steps . '
The next step is how to make the spider walk faster and how to make it more programmable , so that it can follow many commands on the track and make more decisions .
In a separate study reported in Nature , Nadrian Seeman and colleagues from New York University said they had built a prototype molecular factory .
They used a number of DNA robots to assemble gold particles in different ways in response to chemical commands .
DNA walkers moved past three kinds of DNA machines that handed them a cargo of gold nano - particles , which are clutched with three ' hands ' .
' This is the first time that systems of nano - machines , rather than individual devices have been used to perform operations , constituting a crucial advance in the evolution of DNA technology , ' said Lloyd Smith , from the University of Wisconsin at Madison , in a commentary also published by Nature .
OPEN 3 DAYS A WEEK ( FRI - SAT - SUN ) -- RADIO SOUND 104.9 FM -- NO OUTSIDE FOOD OR DRINKS
MOVIES ARE SHOWN RAIN OR SHINE -- ALL LIGHTS MUST BE OFF DURING SHOWTIME !!
Venice , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The federal government is heightening the pressure on BP , pushing the oil company to do more to stop well leaks gushing thousands of barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico and to beef up its response to the potential environmental impact on the coast .
" We 'll continue to urge BP to leverage additional assets , " U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano told reporters on Friday as the massive oil slick approached the Louisiana coast .
" It is time for BP to supplement their current mobilization as the slick of oil moves toward shore . "
BP , which owns the ruptured well , said officials expect oil to reach land sometime Friday , with Venice and Port Fourchon the first places likely to be affected .
Doug Suttles , chief operating officer of BP , said the company has had only three priorities since the April 20 rig explosion that led to the oil spill : stop the flow of oil , minimize its impact and keep the public informed .
" We 've so far mounted the largest response effort ever done in the world , " Suttles said at the same news conference .
" We 've utilized every technology available , we 've applied every resource request .
...
We welcome every new idea and every offer of support . "
Latest developments on the oil spill
BP has been trying to stop the flow by using remote - controlled submarines to activate a valve atop the well .
But the valve , known as a blowout preventer , is not working .
A stopgap plan -- putting a chamber over the well area and sending the oil to a ship -- is unproven at that depth and could take four weeks before it 's ready .
The ultimate plan -- drilling a different well to access the first and close it with concrete -- could take three months .
Meanwhile , efforts to contain the spill and stop the leak are costing the well 's owners about $ 6 million per day , BP said .
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said Friday there is a chance that workers will be able to stop the flow of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , but warned that the EPA is preparing for the worst .
" There is still the opportunity and the possibility that they would be able to shut it down , " Jackson told CNN Chief National Correspondent John King .
" Of course as responders we have to look at the worst case , and keep planning for that . "
U.S. Sen . David Vitter , R- Louisiana , called on BP and government officials to split their duties between stopping oil flow and cleaning up the spill .
" BP is spread too thin in trying to both cap the well and remediate the damage along the coastline , producing an inefficient and ineffective response , " Vitter said in a statement Friday .
" I urge all involved to allow BP to focus all of its efforts on building a dome and drilling a relief well at the source of the spill so that federal and state officials can focus their efforts on protecting and cleaning up the coast . "
As fears rose -- particularly in the commercial fishing industry , a critical economic engine for the region -- President Obama promised steps to prevent a similar disaster in the future .
Speaking at the White House , the president said he had ordered Interior Secretary Ken Salazar " to conduct a thorough review of this incident and report back to me in 30 days on what , if any , additional precautions and technologies should be required to prevent accidents like this from happening again . "
" We 're going to make sure that any leases going forward have those safeguards , " he said .
CNNMoney : Spill may threaten offshore drilling plans
Salazar has ordered inspections of all deep - water operations in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Department of Interior will also establish an Outer Continental Shelf Safety Board to conduct a review of offshore drilling practices and safety issues and tighten the oversight of equipment testing , Salazar said .
Salazar added that the response to the spill would not affect oil production .
" Oil and gas production from Gulf Coast that fuels the economy continues to flow today and will continue to flow into the foreseeable future . "
Federal officials , including the president , emphasized that BP is legally responsible for paying the costs of the response to and cleanup of the spill .
Still , Obama said , " We are fully prepared to meet our responsibilities to any and all affected communities . "
Several top administration figures were dispatched to the region Friday , and thousands of federal personnel have joined efforts to help .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has approved Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's request to mobilize 6,000 National Guard troops in response to the spill , according to a Defense Department spokesman .
The Guardsmen will be deployed under Title 32 , which means the Defense Department will pay for their services for up to 90 days .
Defense spokesman Geoff Morrell said Gates approved the mobilization because " the president has declared this oil spill to be of national significance , impacting multiple states . "
However , because the spill is BP 's responsibility , " we do expect to be reimbursed , " Morrell said .
Gates is expecting such requests from other Gulf states and expects to approve those as well , he said .
Earlier in the day , two Air Force Reserve C-130s specially modified with a spray system arrived in the region to spread oil - dispersant chemicals .
How is the oil spill affecting you ?
Let iReport know
Rough weather , including heavy winds and high tides , have hindered the effort , federal and BP officials said .
Suttles said weather challenges would continue into the weekend , meaning water surface operations , such as oil skimming , would be suspended .
Choppy waters can also drive the polluted water into the coastal marshlands and other ecosystems in southern Louisiana .
" The potential danger is unfathomable , because we do n't yet know how the leak can be stopped and how big the spill will get , " said Ken Rosenberg , director of conservation science at Cornell University .
" It 's a full moon , a high tide , and it 's bringing the oil on a free ride right into the coastal salt marshes on a southerly wind . "
Rosenberg said when the oil hits the shore , it would have an immediate impact on large numbers of birds , causing reproductive failure and possibly death .
" If the oil then comes into the coastal marshes and the inshore ecosystems and kills the oyster beds and the shrimp and the fish nurseries , " he said , " then there are much longer - lasting effects not only on birds but on an entire way of life for people of this region . "
Gov. Charlie Crist of Florida declared a state of emergency in several counties on Friday , saying the oil spill " threatens the state of Florida with a major disaster . "
Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana declared a state of emergency in his state on Thursday .
Volunteers sought for oil spill threat
Some officials worried the destruction could surpass the Exxon Valdez disaster 20 years ago .
That oil tanker ran aground on the Bligh Reef in Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 and spilled 11 million gallons of crude oil .
Friday , as people along the Louisiana coast caught a whiff of the oil , those in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida feared an environmental nightmare of greater scope .
" There 's certainly immense potential consequences , " LuAnn White , director of the Tulane Center for Applied Environmental Public Health , said Friday .
Wildlife threatened by oil spill
" This is a disaster , " said Dean Blanchard , who runs a wholesale seafood business in the region .
" We definitely need some help . "
Biloxi , Mississippi , Mayor A.J. Holloway compared the potential economic impact of the spill to the downfall that followed Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
" That was a tremendous blow to our city for several years and still has an impact , " he told CNN Radio .
" We just do n't know what we can expect from this . "
Ten wildlife refuges in Mississippi and Louisiana are in the oil 's expected path , with the Pass - a - Loutre Wildlife Management Area at the tip of the Mississippi River likely to be the first affected , Jindal said .
Napolitano , Salazar and Jackson were among those who took an aerial tour over parts of the Louisiana area earlier in the day .
They also met with government and BP officials to discuss cleanup efforts .
WWL -TV : Officials say coast 's protection not enough
State and federal agencies have strung miles of floating booms -- inflatable or foam barriers -- around the leading edge of the shoreline to contain the spill .
A handful of federal agencies have recovered more than 20,200 barrels ( 850,000 gallons ) of oily water and had deployed more than 100,000 gallons of dispersant -- which breaks up oil -- as of Thursday evening , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
Efforts to shut down the well have failed so far , and more complicated plans may take weeks , officials said .
Watch historian Douglas Brinkley on the slick 's consequences
The oil rig , operated by Transocean Ltd. , was ripped by an explosion that burned for two days until the rig sank .
Eleven missing men are presumed dead .
The Coast Guard on Wednesday raised its estimate of the amount of oil the damaged well was pouring into the Gulf to 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) a day -- five times more than initially believed .
When the rig sank , a steel riser that connected the rig to the well collapsed to the ocean floor , and eventually remote - operated submarines would find three leaks coming from the riser or a related drill pipe .
A test of burning off part of the oil slick destroyed about 100 barrels ( 4,200 gallons ) Wednesday , said Suttles .
The technique " clearly worked , " and larger burns are planned when weather conditions make them possible .
" We believe we can now scale that up and burn between 500 and 1,000 barrels at a time , " Suttles said at the time .
The well is now leaking from three points , BP said .
Under the 1990 oil pollution act , passed in the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill , the company is required to foot the bill for the cleanup .
BP said Thursday it has set up a " Vessel of Opportunity " program for vessel owners " to offer their services to assist with response efforts . "
Lawsuits seeking class action status have been filed on behalf of the workers and their families .
The suits accuse Transocean and BP of negligence .
CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .
At about 9 am yesterday morning , I noticed on my server monitor that the CPU utilization of one of my servers was abnormally high , in addition to a sustained 1 mbit / sec of inbound traffic and 2 mbits / sec of outbound traffic .
syslog messages from Asterisk showed it to be a SIP brute force attack , so I dropped the offending IP ( an Amazon EC2 instance IP ) into /etc / idiots to block it and went back to my work .
A while later , I noticed the traffic still had n’t died down , so I reported the incident to Amazon and my server ’s network provider .
No luck on either front ; Amazon just sent back a form reply stating the incident was forwarded to the EC2 instance ’s owner ( yeah , seriously ) and the network provider said they would n’t bother adding an ACL to their border equipment unless it was needed to protect their entire network .
With the IP blocked on my server , the CPU utilization had died down and it was no longer sending out reply traffic , but I was worried about the inbound garbage traffic counting towards the server ’s monthly bandwidth cap .
This morning , 24 hours after the flood started , there was still no progress from Amazon ( even after a second report filed ) nor the network provider on stopping it .
Usually these SIP attacks try sequential SIP account numbers and common usernames , find valid accounts , then try to brute force each one ’s password with common ones , then move on .
Presumably the valid account / password combinations are later used for spamming or other fraudulent purposes .
For whatever reason , this particular scanner did n’t “ move on ” and had been trying the same account hundreds of thousands of times over many hours .
I thought about reconfiguring Asterisk to use an empty password for the SIP account being brute forced so the scanning script would think it found a match and stop trying , but I was n’t sure if it would consider a REGISTER request with any password valid on an account with no password .
Since the account in question was also in use at the time , I did n’t want to disrupt it by changing its password , and taking down Asterisk just to have something custom respond to the attacker ’s SIP traffic was out of the question .
I took the IP out of the /etc / idiots file and reconfigured pf to redirect the traffic to a different local port where I could have something else listening :
pass in quick proto udp from 174.129.137.135 to any port 5060 rdr -to 127.0.0.1 port 5061
With the traffic from the attacking IP now going to port 5061 instead of 5060 , I cooked up a simple ruby script to bind to 5061 and show me the incoming SIP messages :
require " socket " s = UDPSocket.new s.bind ( nil , 5061 ) while true packet = s.recvfrom ( 1024 ) puts packet .
inspect
end
Instantly dozens of messages scrolled by within seconds of starting it :
REGISTER sip :[...]
SIP /2.0 Via : SIP/2.0/UDP
10.242.91.15:5182;branch=z9hG4bK-2528031440 ;rport Content - Length : 0 From : " 2011 " < sip:2011 @ [... ]>
Accept : application / sdp User - Agent : friendly - scanner To : " 2011 " < sip:2011 @ [... ]>
Contact : sip:123@1.1.1.1 CSeq : 1 REGISTER Call -ID : 3361196543 Max - Forwards : 70 [ " AF_INET " , 5182 , " ec2-174-129-137-135.compute-1.amazonaws.com " , " 174.129.137.135 " ]
REGISTER sip :[...]
SIP /2.0 Via : SIP/2.0/UDP
10.242.91.15:5209 ;branch=z9hG4bK-1678605574;rport Content - Length : 0 From : " 2011 " < sip:2011 @ [... ]>
Accept : application / sdp User - Agent : friendly - scanner To : " 2011 " < sip:2011 @ [... ]>
Contact : sip:123@1.1.1.1 CSeq : 1 REGISTER Call -ID : 1992838843 Max - Forwards : 70 [ " AF_INET " , 5209 , " ec2-174-129-137-135.compute-1.amazonaws.com " , " 174.129.137.135 " ]
Oh , the irony of the attacking script using a user - agent string of “ friendly - scanner ” …
With a little parsing added to the script , it could now send back a valid “ OK ” message with the specific Via , From , To , Call - ID , and CSeq lines from the request .
Hopefully these would be enough for the attacking script to think it got a valid reply for one of its requests and finally move on .
require " socket " s = UDPSocket.new s.bind ( nil , 5061 ) while true packet = s.recvfrom ( 1024 ) via = packet [ 0 ] . match (/ Via : (.+ ) ; rport / ) [ 1 ] from = packet [ 0 ] . match (/ From : (.+ ) /) [ 1 ] to = packet [ 0 ] . match (/ To : (.+ ) / ) [ 1 ] call_id = packet [ 0 ] .
match (/ Call -ID : (.+ ) /) [ 1 ] cseq = packet [ 0 ] .
match (/ CSeq : ( \d+ ) REGISTER /) [ 1 ] remote_ip = packet [ 1 ] [ 3 ] remote_port = packet [ 1 ] [ 1 ] . to_i puts packet .
inspect if packet [ 0 ] .
match(/^REGISTER /) ret = " SIP /2.0 200 OK\r
" + " Via : #{via};received=#{remote_ip}\r
" + " From : #{from}\r
" + " To : #{to}\r
" + " Call - ID : #{call_id}\r
" + " CSeq : #{cseq.to_i + 1} REGISTER\r
" + " \r
" puts " sending to #{remote_ip} : #{remote_port} :
# {ret} " s.send ( ret , 0 , remote_ip , remote_port ) end end
Reid promises filibuster reform
" The filibuster has been abused , " Sen .
Harry Reid said at a reporter 's briefing this afternoon .
" But next Congress , we are going to take a look at it .
And we 're going to make some changes in it . ”
Reid was n't very clear about what changes he'd make , or how he'd make them .
But Reid ( and , in separate comments , Sen. Debbie Stabenow ) spoke much more about the time that filibusters consume than the supermajority requirement they impose .
" I file cloture " -- the motion to end a filibuster -- " to move to discuss the bill on Monday , " Reid explained .
" That takes two days to ripen .
We do n't have a vote till Wednesday .
Once that 's done , Republicans have 30 hours to do nothing .
After the 30 hours is up , you 're on the bill .
If there 's no amendment offered " -- remember , amendments can be filibustered , too -- " you file cloture to move to the vote .
It takes two days and then another 30 hours .
So that 's 60 hours plus four days to vote on the bill .
That happened 67 times last year . "
You do the math .
Stabenow made a similar point to explain why there are 83 nominees pending before the body .
It 's not that these nominees do n't have the votes , she argued .
It 's that the Senate does n't have the time to spend a week waiting for the cloture motions that would allow each one a vote .
" If we do , " Stabenow said , " we wo n't have time to do anything else . "
Reid has not traditionally been a friend of Senate reform .
Recently , he poured cold water on the idea of changing the rules by saying that rule changes require 67 votes , which Democrats certainly cannot muster .
But as Huffington Post 's Sam Stein notes , Reid 's pointed mention of the " next Congress " might be important here .
" Changing the rules at the beginning of the 112th Congress will require the chair to declare the Senate is in a new session and can legally draft new rules , " explains Stein .
" That ruling would be made by Vice President Joe Biden , who has spoken out against the current abuse of the filibuster .
The ruling can be appealed , but that appeal can be defeated with a simple majority vote . "
This interpretation was given further force when Sen. Chuck Schumer spoke later in the session .
" My committee , the Rules Committee , is going to look at this , " he said .
And one of the angles they plan to explore is that " the Constitutional right of the Senate to make its own rules supersedes the two - thirds rule , but only when we write new rules at the beginning of each Congress . "
I asked Schumer whether there was a process ongoing to develop a single strategy to change the filibuster .
" This is something we 're very serious about , " he replied .
" It 's not unanimous in the caucus , but the vast majority of the caucus is interested in seeing if there 's a way to undo , modify , or lessen our filibuster rule . "
For now , the process seems to be proceeding from the premise that Senate Democrats are fed up with the filibuster .
" In baseball , " Reid said in a clipped tone , " they used to have the spitball .
It originally was used with discretion .
But then the ball got wetter and wetter and wetter .
So soon , they outlawed the spitball . "
The same , he said , had happened to the four - corner offense in basketball .
" And just the way the spitball was abused in baseball and the four - corner offense was abused in basketball , " Reid said , " Republicans have abused the filibuster . "
Photo credit : Bloomberg
We caught up with Star Trek / Avatar star Zoe Saldana this past weekend at Wondercon , and she told us to expect a lot of surprises in the next Trek .
And she hopes to see a deepening of the Spock - Uhura romance .
Sorry about the noisy video - it was a crowded press room , and we were lucky to get a few moments one - on - one with Saldana , who was promoting her part in The Losers .
We asked Saldana if she 's heard anything about the next Trek , and she said that she 's still in the dark , but knowing J.J. Abrams , there 'll be a lot of surprises .
Advertisement
And Saldana added :
I can only hope that in this next film there 's more depth to the Spock - Uhura relationship .
And maybe I 'll get to kick some ass !
Advertisement
Separately - probably at the same press event - Saldana told MTV that she 's expecting to film the Star Trek sequel next , probably followed right afterwards by the Avatar sequel .
Columns Model Organisms Seeing Ourselves in Others
Researchers have long studied other organisms in hopes of better understanding the human body .
The severe ethical issues raised by the prospect of using humans beings for biological studies , such as for studying the function of disease and the process of development , are self - evident enough , and this is why “ model organisms ” have been vigorously pursued as an alternative by researchers .
There are many qualifications such an organism must have : it must be similar enough to humans , in some way , that the knowledge gained is applicable to us ; it usually needs to be simpler than us so that the process being studied is easier to figure out ; it must be easy to grow in a laboratory setting , preferably in great numbers and relatively quickly .
There are many organisms over the years that researchers have found to fit this description .
These “ models ” have become the center of attention in many laboratories throughout the decades , and have brought us a much greater understanding of ourselves and how we are all related .
By the late 1800s , researchers realized the importance of using animal models , as many different factors began to fall into place .
Until this time , many scientists had been trying to simply apply their knowledge of physical laws to understand physiology , but this was not working out very well .
At the same time , with the advent of mass production , standardized equipment was becoming widely available to researchers .
In 1900 , attention was also brought back to the field of genetics , as the research done in the 1860s by Gregory Mendel , the “ father of genetics , ” was rediscovered .
Researchers were soon looking for the best animals in which to study this novel field of genetics .
The Fly : While many would look upon the tiny fruit fly as a pest , scientists saw it as a great opportunity .
The fruit flies ( Drosophila melanogaster ) have many attractive features : they are small , taking up little space in the laboratory and being relatively cheap to maintain ; they reproduce quickly and in great numbers ( a mature female can lay up to 100 eggs a day , and one fly goes through its lifecycle in about 10 days ) ; and like humans , they are eukaryotes ( which includes all animals , plants , fungi , and some single - celled organisms , with the defining characteristic being the presence of a nucleus ) , although fruit flies are much simpler than we are ( with only 4 chromosome pairs to our 23 pairs ) .
During the first decade of the 1900s , a few research groups decided to try these new models out in their laboratories , and word of their appeal quickly spread ; the fruit fly became the first widely accepted model organism in laboratories .
Thomas Hunt Morgan at Columbia University was one of the first to get in on the fruit fly craze .
He decided it would be a perfect model to study genetics , as there were a variety of obvious , physical mutations which different fruit flies had and passed on to their offspring , including different eye colors , body colors , and wing shapes , to name a few .
These mutations could all be easily observed with a magnifying glass .
He created his famous “ Fly Room ” to map these different physical mutations to separate locations on the fruit flies ’ chromosomes .
These efforts were spectacularly successful and consequently he helped make the fruit fly a prominent genetics model for researchers in the 1910s and 1920s , and was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1933 for showing that chromosomes carry genes , a concept central to our understanding of heredity .
However , as the tools available to researchers improved , so did their desire to investigate smaller and smaller components of the biological world around them .
When the electron microscope became available to researchers in the 1930s , it drastically changed the focus of research ; they could now magnify an image of a sample 500,000 - fold .
The previously obscured world of bacteria and viruses was no longer so hidden from view , though it was still far from understood .
The Bacteria :
By the 1950s and 1960s , many groups were using the stomach bacteria Escherichia coli ( E. coli ) and bacteria viruses ( “ bacteriophages ” ) to understand genetics on a smaller , molecular basis .
Rarer genetic mutations were studied using bacteria , as they can be quickly grown in huge numbers ( E. coli doubles its population size about every 20 to 30 minutes under ideal conditions ) .
E. coli can also be manipulated to take in foreign DNA and make more of it as if it were its own , or even turn the foreign DNA into protein ; E. coli is now commonly used in laboratories to produce large quantities of DNA and protein that are from other organisms .
For example , E. coli produces the vast majority of insulin used to treat diabetics in the world today .
Although bacteria are prokaryotes ( while humans are eukaryotes ) , researchers also use bacteria to study cellular processes that are highly conserved ( very similar ) between prokaryotes and eukaryotes , such as gene regulation and proteins that play roles in disease .
At the University of California at Santa Barbara ( UCSB ) , Christopher Hayes ’ laboratory investigates the function of ribosomes ( the cellular machinery that creates proteins ) in E. coli and David Low ’s laboratory studies infectious E. coli .
The Mouse :
While researchers learned a great deal from simple organisms like the fruit fly and E. coli , model organisms that are closer to humans were needed for many investigations .
This is how the mouse came to the laboratory spotlight .
Mice ( Mus musculus ) are very similar to humans not only genetically , but also physiologically ; they can develop cancer and similar diseases as humans do , or be manipulated to develop diseases and carry genetic mutations .
Additionally , mice have a relatively short lifespan and can reproduce in large numbers .
Perhaps the researcher who is most responsible for the abundance of mice in laboratories today is Clarence Cook Little , who developed the first inbred mouse line in 1909 and went on to found The Jackson Laboratory in 1929 as a mouse cancer research facility .
The Jackson Laboratory created many lines of mice for researchers to use globally , “ normal ” mice as well as mice that functioned as models of human diseases or cancers , ensuring that the mice used in laboratories around the world would be standardized .
With the genome of the mouse sequenced in 2002 , today these well - characterized mammals are often used in laboratory work as research transitions to the clinic , frequently in cancer and tumor research .
The Worm :
One of the most widely used model organisms was a relatively late arrival to the scene .
The appealing simplicity of the nematode ( Caenorhabditis elegans , or simply C. elegans ) prompted Sydney Brenner ( Medical Research Council in Cambridge , UK ) to use it and spread it to research laboratories in the 1960s .
“ The worm , ” as it is fondly referred to by researchers , is an ideal model organism ; among other appealing traits , it ’s small ( only 1 millimeter - long ) , can reproduce quickly and in great numbers ( by self - fertilizing with hermaphrodites or introducing new genetics with rarer males ) , and is transparent , making it easy to see through under a microscope .
Brenner was attracted to C. elegans because he wanted to study how the nervous system develops and thought that the essential processes would be similar between humans and the more “ simple ” multi-cellular worm .
Brenner created a diagram of all of the neurological connections within the worm , and for his work received a Nobel Prize in 2002 .
The appeal of using C. elegans for studying development was soon shared by many other researchers , some who went on to map the destiny of every cell in the egg ; all of the approximately 1000 cells that make up the adult worm can be traced to precursors in the egg .
Today at UCSB , Joel Rothman ’s laboratory continues to elucidate the intricacies of C. elegans ’ development to better understand the process of development in general .
The Return of the Fly : Though the fruit fly ( D. melanogaster ) was heavily used in genetics research during the first couple decades of the 1900s , it was too complex a model to use for more detailed understanding of genetics at the time , and so it faded from the research spotlight for a while .
In the 1970s it made a big comeback , as the field of developmental biology began to take off .
The many , well - characterized mutant lines of fruit fly that had been used for genetic studies were now used in developmental studies ; researchers could trace a specific , obvious mutation back to its developmental origin , and thereby learn about the cell lineages during development .
Today at UCSB , Stephen Poole ’s laboratory uses the fruit fly to study genetics during development , and William Rice ’s laboratory uses it in evolutionary genetics studies .
An even simpler eukaryote , the single - celled , freshwater ciliate Tetrahymena thermophila is used as a model for experimental cell and molecular biology at UCSB in the laboratory of Eduardo Orias , who recently celebrated 50 years of working at the university .
The Others : Several other model organisms are used in laboratories at UCSB , including a variety of plants ( to study plant growth , fruit ripening , and host - microbe symbiosis , among other efforts ) , and animals that play key roles in ecological systems .
The proximity of UCSB to the ocean has allowed it to develop extensive marine laboratories , perfect for the study of many types of unique marine organisms .
This has allowed researchers to better understand some unusual stem cells , natural biomaterials , and fertilization and early development in the sea urchin ( Strongylocentrotus purpuratus ) , which believe it or not is a very similar process to humans .
While not an “ organism , ” perhaps the most frequently used biology models today are cultured cells .
( These are cells that were originally from an animal , but are grown separately , outside of the animal . )
This allows researchers to study a wide variety of processes in human cells .
Additionally , it bypasses many of the ethical concerns associated with using animals in studies .
The field of stem cells , which Dennis Clegg at UCSB is heavily involved in , is perhaps at the forefront of using cultured human cells to better understand human processes such as development , cancer , and wound repair .
Using different models to answer different questions , scientists at UCSB and institutions around the world spend their days examining the delicate inner workings of life .
The models may look different , but they all contribute a piece to the puzzle of understanding ourselves and our world .
For more on model organisms , see Angela N. H. Creager , Elizabeth Lunbeck , and M. Norton Wise ’s “ Science Without Laws : Model Systems , Cases , Exemplary Narratives , ” Wikipedia ’s article on “ Model organisms , ” Wikipedia ’s article on History of Model Organisms , the website of “ The Jackson Laboratory , ” and the National Institutes of Health ’s website on Model Organisms .
Biology Bytes author Teisha Rowland is a science writer , blogger at All Things Stem Cell , and graduate student in molecular , cellular , and developmental biology at UCSB , where she studies stem cells .
Send any ideas for future columns to her at science@independent.com .
Add to Favorites
When I look back on it now what surprises me is how disarmingly polite my attackers were .
" What are you doing ? " asked one of the two , seemingly inquisitive , Asian teenagers who approached me on a quiet cul - de-sac in Bow , east London , shortly after 1 pm yesterday .
" There 's been a photographer around here , do you know her ? " he added .
I did n't , but I explained I was a journalist for The Independent looking to speak to a man at an address in the area , who was standing as a candidate in the local elections , about allegations of postal vote fraud .
" Can we see your note pad , " the boy asked .
I declined and then the first punch came – landing straight on my nose , sending blood and tears streaming down my face .
Then another .
Then another .
I tried to protect myself but a fresh crop of attackers – I guess between four and six – joined in .
As they knocked me to the ground one of them brought a traffic cone repeatedly down on the back of my head .
As their fists and feet slammed into me , all I could think about was some advice a friend had given me .
She 's a paramedic and has dealt with countless victims of assault .
" Whatever you do do n't get knocked to the ground , " she once said .
" Blows on the floor are much more dangerous . "
It seemed faintly absurd now .
" That 's easy for you to say , " I thought .
" How on earth are you meant to stay up ? "
I do n't know how long it lasted – it was probably only a minute – but it was a long minute .
I do n't remember them saying anything as they did it .
The first noise I was aware of was the beeping of a car horn and a woman screaming .
The noise brought a man out of a nearby block of flats .
With little regard for his own safety he waded in and defended me until my attackers ran away .
I shudder to think what would have happened if he had n't been brave enough to take action and I cannot thank him enough for what he did .
He gave me a bottle of water to wash the blood away and showed me a mobile phone that one of the attackers had dropped which he later handed to the police .
He also maintained that he saw at least two of the attackers run into the candidate 's house .
What brought me to Bow yesterday were allegations of widespread postal voting fraud .
Both the local Conservative and Respect parties in Tower Hamlets have been looking through the new electoral rolls for properties that have an alarmingly high number of adults registered to one address .
The area has a large Bengali population and this type of fraud is unfortunately all too common .
In some instances there have been as many as 20 Bengali names supposedly living in two or three - bedroom flats .
When journalists have previously called , all too often there are far fewer living there .
In some instances , no Bengalis at all .
In such a heavily populated borough , a few fraudulent postal votes might not sound like it matters but when you look at how slim the majorities are here you know every vote counts .
In Bethnal Green and Bow , Respect has a tiny 1,300 - vote lead .
In neighbouring Poplar and Limehouse , where George Galloway is taking on Labour 's Jim Fitzpatrick and Tory newcomer Tim Archer , the lead is around 4,000 .
But boundary changes have brought thousands of affluent Tory - leaning voters into the constituency , making it an equally tight race .
So far Scotland Yard is looking into 28 allegations of bogus voter registration in London , although the Conservative and Respect parties both say they have highlighted many more .
Concerns have been amplified by a flood of new voter registrations in the past few weeks in the run-up to the nationwide deadline on 20 April .
Election officials in Tower Hamlets have removed 141 suspect ballots from the register but overall 5,166 new names were received before the deadline with little time to check their veracity .
Bengalis do tend to have large families and this is the third most deprived borough in the country .
Overcrowding is a serious issue .
But other Bengalis I know in the area had told me that it was very unusual to have any more than five adults in one house .
The households are large , they said , because they have lots of children – not lots of adults .
Thinking back on my experience perhaps I was naïve to venture into the area on my own , although I do live in east London , know the estates well and have rarely felt threatened .
My Bengali neighbours , meanwhile , are particularly kind and well - liked because they tend to keep a tighter leash on their kids .
The paramedics who treated me told me that they rarely went into the area without a police escort .
" These kids are trapped in an endless cycle of poverty , " one of them said .
" There 's a lot of drugs and gang - related violence but it is rare for a stranger like you to be attacked . "
The slight difference , of course , is that I 'm not a stranger in the normal sense .
Whoever these kids were it was evident that they were no strangers to the occasional journalist and photographer sniffing around .
Last night , I managed to speak to the man I wanted to interview about the alleged fraud , and whose house I was outside when I was attacked .
He said : " I am not going to talk to you about this .
Why have you been knocking on my door .
You do n't disturb me .
If you knock on my door again I will take you to court . "
Police probe voter fraud
* Police forces across the country are investigating over 50 complaints of voting abuses , including 10 complaints passed to the police in Tower Hamlets where The Independent journalist Jerome Taylor was attacked .
Tower Hamlets Council confirmed it had asked the police to investigate 10 cases of voter fraud in its area , but it revealed that 3,123 late applications have been received for postal votes and it has had too little time to properly check whether they are all genuine before the register closed .
That could open the poll in the two constituencies in Tower Hamlets – Bethnal Green and Bow and Poplar and Limehouse – to massive postal voter fraud .
Respect is in a bitter fight to retain the highly marginal Bethnal Green seat – vacated by Respect MP George Galloway , who is standing in neighbouring Poplar and Limehouse – and , in an unprecedented development in British politics , all the candidates of the main parties are Bangladeshi Muslims .
It ’s none of your business .
How you will vote is none of my business .
This country cannot proceed along any lines that make sense or promise hope unless we can all get along no matter how we vote and unless we respect the primacy of the secret ballot .
Having said which , open and free discussion of the people , parties and policies up for consideration is all part of democracy too .
© Tony Husband 2010 for Stephenfry.com
What Right Have I to Blog ?
Should I even be writing this blog ?
In a free country under the new dispensation of social networking is my ‘ influence ’ so disproportionate that for me to be revealing my voting intentions ( which I am not quite going to do , by the way ) in some sense inimical to the democratic spirit ?
I have about a million and a half Twitter followers , most of them I should think of voting age .
If I changed the mind of even 1 % of them would I somehow be cheating ?
There are arguments for and against my involvement at such a level .
One argument is that columnists in newspapers who have absolutely no more legitimacy in terms of influence , education , knowledge , understanding or right to persuade and interfere than I have are attempting to do so every day and with far more vitriol , conviction and absolutism than I would ever dare to exhibit .
Which will not stop them from having a go at me were I to presume to pop my head above the parapet and suggest a voting preference .
The screams of “ Labour Lovie ! ” or “ Lib Dem Lovie ! ” would be heard from here to hell .
‘ It ’s all very well for a pampered celebrity to parade his so - called caring credentials …’ blah - di - blah - di - bleugh .
In ideological wars of this nature the first casualties are consideration , mutual respect , sense , proportion and dignity .
Fair enough , one must be tough I suppose , although I ’d much rather not be .
Another argument to propel me to write may be that the very weight of Twitter followers and website traffic behind me ought to bring with it some sense of civic duty .
Maybe , there is a chance at least , this election matters .
I do n’t question whether or not it matters to the candidates , of course it does , but whether it matters more than most historically , socially and individually to us , as Britons .
If this election does matter then surely my ignoring it would put me in the position of one of those rather silly people who is content to jeer from the sidelines , ‘ they ’re all the same anyway ’ and ‘ it makes no difference ’ – which believe me I understand , for we are all tempted to be one of those .
‘ Lord , what fools these voters be , ’ we say to ourselves , if we are the kind of pompous Shakespeare quoting arse that I am at any rate , ‘ you wo n’t catch me committing myself or risking a vote , much better for me to rely on the acuity of my vision which sees through the lot of them . ’
Believe me , I do understand how tempting that position is .
But I think we all know , in the innermost chambers of our heart , that such a position is unworthy of us .
The nailing of my colours to the mast might just encourage some of you to vote .
I really do not mind how you vote , but I think you should .
The ‘ I ca n’t make a difference ’ assertion is neither true , nor impressive , nor amusing , nor worthy , nor dignified .
It is lazy , cowardly and inane .
In Australia and some other countries voting is compulsory .
Maybe it should be here too .
At the very least the poverty and inadequacy of my arguments or assertions may at least propel you to the voting booth to vote against everything I believe .
That at least would be something .
To sum up .
What business do I have to ventilate my psephological dispositions for the Great Choosing that will take place on Thursday ?
Do I think that my electoral intentions are relevant , important , worth more than anyone else ’s , of national interest ?
None of the above .
On the other hand , I have been approached by all three major parties who have sensed that I might be more of a floater ( in every sense of that unfortunate epithet , I suspect ) than I ever was in previous general elections .
And on the other other hand some of my Twitter followers seem to think that my coyness in refusing to reveal my intentions amounts to a kind of cowardice or failure of citizenship .
So I have decided to write this piece of bloggage in the hope that it will at least acquit me of apathy or irresponsibility .
But I will preface it now with this insistent motto : do not let anything I say influence you .
Vote with your heart , vote with your head , vote with your gut : your heart , your head , your gut – no one ’s else .
I just hope you have courage , style and charm enough not to hate me for what I am about to say , for I assure you I will not hate you if you say the exact opposite .
Trollers , resentful maniacs , weirdos and abusive beasts can stop reading now , I have no interest in horrible and offensive meanness of spirit .
You must believe me when I say that I have never hated any fellow countryman or woman because of how they vote or how they express their voting intention .
Let ’s agree to disagree
For a Labour voter to hate a Tory voter or vice versa is for us all to stumble into the revolting and nonsensical little - endian big-endian madness that Swift pilloried in Gulliver ’s Travels .
Let me say here and now and beg you to believe that some of the people in the world I most love , reverence , adore , admire and respect will be voting Conservative on Thursday .
I grew up a Tory , I spent my childhood summers at Conservative fêtes and whist drives and dinner dances .
I thought anyone who voted Liberal , let alone Labour , was creepy weird and horrifying .
At some point the wind changed .
The wind ’s name was Margaret Thatcher , but we wo n’t go into ancient history .
All the vices I once attributed to Labour — vulgarity , meanness of spirit , lack of warmth , sympathy or lightness of touch — I now attributed to the Conservatives .
I went so far as to join the Labour Party , to write speeches , or parts of speeches , for Neil Kinnock , John Smith , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , all of whom I met and liked .
Mind you , I met and liked John Major and plenty of Tories too .
I ’m a whore when it comes to meeting and liking people .
It is most annoying to have one ’s prejudices overturned by real life .
However one thing has remained constant in my political affiliations , and that is a deep contempt and fear of tribalism .
© Tony Husband 2010 for Stephenfry.com
When I meet a Labour voter who can only hiss , stamp and fume at any Tory , or a Conservative voter who can only jeer and condemn a Labour voter then I bridle , bristle and simply writhe with indignation .
Let this be known and celebrated : we all have the right to vote the way we want .
We all have our reasons and motivations and they do not justify anyone insulting or reviling us .
Actually , the fact is that ‘ reasons ’ is probably the wrong word , for we are all ( or almost all ) energised in politics above all by feelings , by loyalties and deep turbulent emotions that bubble down in our depths .
These have far more influence upon our political ‘ views ’ than rational and logical considerations .
There may be those who are capable of carefully and objectively weighing the qualities of each party ’s policies and coming to a voting decision on that basis , but I have yet to meet such people .
We all know we should be like that , but we all know that we should only put into our mouths what reason tells us is nutritious , calorifically justified and environmentally sustainable .
We eat by appetite , emotion and desire and we vote according to criteria of loyalty and connection that are much closer to the support of football teams than to rational assessment and analysis .
And , of course , we respond to the personalities that are put up in front of us .
I have yet to find anyone who is not influenced by personality .
Only , being humans , we are all hypocrites , and we accuse those who dislike our hero or admire our villain of being the ones who succumb to the cheap allure of personality politics , we of course , are immune .
Of course , so deep run our alliances that we impute good qualities to personalities we would otherwise not warm to and see ghastly characteristics in those whom we would probably like in real life , if only they were not from the Other Side .
What we cannot bear is when someone from across the political divide from us is obviously believable , likeable and reasonable .
That is when we accuse their supporters of being victims of personality politics and the individual in question of being ‘ a media creature ’ .
If such innate tribal fixity was wholly the case then Gilbert and Sullivan would be right and that Nature really does contrive that ‘ every boy and every gal that ’s born into the world alive is either a little Liberal or else a little Conservative . ’
We all know that , aside from those so ingrained in loyalty that they simply could never vote outside their born or acquired adherences , there are such creatures as floating voters and that they are the ones who determine electoral outcomes .
I find , for the first time in thirty years , that I am one such .
The choices
Forgetting the forgettable , there are three parties we can choose from .
They represent , so far as I can see , the Same , Another Same and something New and Untried .
There are powerful , in my opinion , reasons for believing either that the last thing we need now is discontinuity or for believing that we need fundamental change .
In other words , I can see why we might want to plough on through the debt crisis that faces us with a reliable , if unexciting administration and I can also see why we might want absolutely to alter direction and experiment with new ways of hammering out consensus , compromise and pragmatic reform .
What is harder to envisage is a new driver in the same car , a change that satisfies tribal loyalties but actually achieves nothing .
Britain is in dire straits financially .
We are , not to put too fine a point on it , shafted six ways from Sunday .
As always , those who will suffer most will be the already disadvantaged .
No matter who wins or commands a majority on Thursday there will be appalling cuts in public services , terrible depredations made that will hit first and hardest those who can least afford it .
Twas ever thus , you might think .
But the ripples in crime , discontent , infrastructure decay and quality of life degradation will affect all , even those who least care about the destiny of the destitute .
Vote One
If there is a way out of it , it will require dullness , concentration , probity , focus , geeky financial fanaticism and an almost horrible obsession with economic detail and technique .
Sound like anyone we know ?
The last thing that is wanted , this vote might suggest , is an untried chancer who makes promises that we know , with the best will in the world , he can not keep .
Hands up anyone , anyone who believes that the Osborne / Cameron nexus will honestly punish or regulate the City as they need to be punished and regulated ?
Whatever noises they make about it , you know , you know as surely as you know that turkeys would never vote for Christmas , that somehow , by perfectly reasonable and unforeseeable routes , any manifesto promises to be tough on financial impropriety will somehow get lost and the smarting chastisement that the short - selling creeps who got us into this mess deserve will never be forthcoming .
( In fact you can pretty much guarantee that even a Labour vote will not guarantee the regulation that wise financial insiders know is necessary )
‘ Oh it will just cause a mass exodus from the City . ’
‘ Oh , alienating the wealth creators is the surest route to bankruptcy . ’
‘ Germany has n’t done it , nor has the SEC in New York . ’
‘ We have to compete .
Cut our banking houses off at the knees and you hobble the British economy , perhaps fatally . ’
Gosh , how convincing that all sounds .
As a result insane bonuses and horrific financial instruments will rise again , a debt dependent economy will boil once more into life and dozens of journalists and commentators will rise to their feet to applaud .
I do n’t mean to be sneery or negative about this , it is what the Tories stand for and there are arguments one can subscribe to which convincingly defend their nature and their instincts and their outlook .
Goodness knows there ’s a huge part of me that is libertarian and contra - dirigiste enough in outlook to look with longing at the certainties of the Reasonable Right .
But you would have to be naive or dishonest to deny the certainty of the outcome of a Conservative government in terms of its friendship with bankers , financiers , fund managers and those who manipulate and massage capital for a living .
I do not for a minute concur with some visceral Labour views of Tories as being automatically and genetically uncaring or socially illiberal .
True , there are dozens and dozens of Conservative candidates whose repellent stupidity and vulgarity would make even a Daily Mail reader blush and stammer , just as there are dozens and dozens of Labour candidates whose bigoted , dull - witted asininity would embarrass a Guardian reader into dribbling delirium .
And there are plenty of Tories whose hopes for the poor and the dispossessed and the outcast are as sincere as that of any socialist or liberal .
Vote One , if I were to cast it , is all about a belief that – despite the rather obvious and predictable PR choruses to the contrary – continuity , solidity , sound management , a lack of interest in anything but the economy and a bone - headed refusal to pay much attention to image makers and spin doctors is what is required now .
Far from All Change , let ’s go for No Change and weather the storm that is coming with a dull , intelligent , responsible , proven and determined pilot at the helm .
One who wo n’t ask for relief when the waves batter but will plough on , head down , until we find calmer waters and sunnier skies .
That is Vote One .
In case you ’re very very dim , that would be a vote for Gordon Brown and Labour .
It is n’t very exciting , you might think , but it might just see us through .
An argument against Labour might be that Iraq and the revolting Digital Economy Bill and a catalogue of fudge , fumbling and failure that three successive periods of power has ( necessarily ) witnessed may well be reason enough to turn away .
Those who feel most betrayed by Labour ’s shortcomings and reversals of policy are those least likely to be drawn to the Tories however , so one imagines that the disenchanted left will either stay home or vote Lib Dem .
The worst of the Labour calamities , the war in Iraq , would have taken place under a Conservative administration too and it is one which Brown is less personally involved in than was Blair .
For all those betrayals and deceptions it is hard not to believe that the most pressing question must be the economy .
You may of course argue that there has been nothing sound about Labour ’s management of the economy either , but actually I cannot believe that the financial tsunami that struck Britain and the rest of the world in 2008 would have been any better dealt with by anyone else .
I do feel that the very determination and uncool dourness and resolution of Brown might well be a good bet .
When the house is a ruin , go for solid and unglamorous damp - coursing and roof relining – you can worry about the wallpaper , furniture and carpeting later .
You might also think that dour and unglamorous as Brown may be presented , when he is allowed to let go and reveal his true self he is surprisingly more impressive than either of the other two candidates .
Take ten minutes out of your life to watch this .
You really do have to twist reality to claim that this is a spin- doctored act and not the real passion of a conviction politician .
That is the man and what he stands for .
It may not move you however .
You may not find it interesting or appealing .
Conviction politics may not be what you think the country requires or you may regard such idealism as false or irrelevant .
Sidebar One
It ’s not about quality of parliamentary intake .
God knows most of you reading this should be aware that the kind of people standing for election are simply the same kinds of idiot that we were at school with , that we are ourselves .
Human , frail , unreliable , greedy and stupid – only with the rather dubious ( you might think ) difference that they actually want to be in Parliament , which you or I do not .
But my heart always sinks when I get a tediously clichaic tweet saying ‘ Bloody hell Stephen , do n’t you know they ’re all the same ? ’ or ‘ Hung parliament ?
Yes , they should be !
Hahahahahahahah !!!!!’
Well now steady on , how can we inhabit a democracy and simultaneously dismiss and loftily choose never to vote for , those who actually get off their arses and allow that democracy to come into being ?
No matter how crap , sterile of imagination , predictable , verbally trite , sententious or weird every single one of the candidates presenting themselves for election may be , at least they have actually offered themselves up for the cruel , impertinent and unspeakably humiliating inspection that candidacy entails .
And for what ?
For power ?
Come now , do you really think that ?
Maybe there is a touch of vanity in their ambitions , but is it any more than the vanity that anyone after a good job should have ?
And if you say , ‘ well it is n’t a good job , snigger snigger , ’ then please offer up for all of us an alternative to democracy , one in which your higher standards and your superior understanding will prevail .
In the meantime , as Neil Kinnock used to say , ‘ do n’t moan about it , change it .
Stand yourself !
Be a candidate !’
And if you simply relay that you ’re a nobody , and that it ’s not what you know but who you know , then you still have n’t got the point .
You could be a candidate , yes , you could be a candidate , but you would have to go to meetings , walk pavements , shake hands , consult , seek views , consider options , do all the things that those who involve themselves in democracy do .
Honestly now .
I mean really honestly , have n’t you , as I have – I ’d be the first to admit it – sounded off about the crapness of politicians without ever really considering the full nature of democracy and what it implies , or should imply ?
One of the very reasons I would run a thousand miles from public office is the sanctimonious , sententious , unforgiving , inquisitive and merciless scrutiny to which my every move and every word would be subjected .
I could n’t take the responsibility of not being able to make a light joke and I could n’t bear the insufferable indignity of having to speak so blandly for fear of giving offence that I would sound like every other politician ever sounded .
It is really no good us moaning about the quality of our politicians when the intensity of our inspection of everything they are and do is so great they are not allowed those very qualities of eccentricity , originality , colour , life and surprise that we claim to want in them .
Vote Two
Conservative .
Dave seems alright .
He ’s got a ‘ team ’ , he ’s young ( ish ) and energetic .
He wants power , he ’s motivated enough to feel that he deserves it and that when he gets it he will operate its levers with efficiency , drive and purpose .
He will have to do almost everything that Brown would have to do in terms of cuts , cuts , more cuts , taxation and more cuts , because our economy is so burdened with debt that there is no other way out .
Those who are predisposed to conservatism might hope that he will roll back the frontiers of the state and destroy the culture of Health and Safety , Political Correctness and liberal relativism that has , they think , mired our society in nanny - state dependency , but it has to be said there are no such claims made in his manifesto .
He claims to believe in multiculturalism , gay rights , the national health service and the welfare state even though many of his supporters in the press and in the real world manifestly do not .
I do not actually believe that he will dismantle any of the major elements of that welfare state any more than Labour did , but I expect those who fear he will make huge cuts in the arts and other ‘ sacred cows ’ of the ‘ liberal elite ’ are right and that the climate under Cameron will be less friendly to much that they hold dear .
He may bring back hunting with dogs , he may ( especially if he has a small majority ) be forced to give full rein to some of the Christian oddities and other shudder - worthy nuts in his party , but then Blair and Brown have had to placate the weirdos in the Labour back benches too .
Under a Cameron administration will crime go down , will the ‘ war on drugs ’ be won , will the troops come home from Afghanistan , will pensions be safe and standards of education rise ?
I do n’t know .
I more than faintly doubt it , but I doubt whoever gets in power will solve those problems .
Cameron is not as ideologically motivated as Thatcher was which might allay the fears of some floating voters as much as it irritates some red-meat Conservatives .
It is a vote for the same car , as I have suggested , but in the hands of a different driver .
Up to you to decide how well you think he will steer it .
Sidebar Two
There is one thing that cultural commentators in our press cannot convincingly mimic , much as they may try , and that is the rhetoric of the Right across the Atlantic .
The Sarah Palin world of ‘ hockey moms ’ and ‘ Christian virtues ’ and ‘ family values ’ simply does not play in Britain .
We writhe in discomfort at any hint of religion , hence the embarrassment of Tory supporters at that peculiar Philippa Stroud woman , a candidate for Cheam who may or may not have officiated or assisted at ‘ gay demon exorcisms ’ at some time in the past as part of some ludicrous evangelical sect of which she is or was a member .
The British resent strongly the idea that a politician has any business telling us how to love or behave in private or which ‘ values ’ to cleave to .
The thought of Christians or any other religious group having influence over policy is something party leaders know they have to hide rather than parade .
In America , the Right routinely calls Obama a member of the ‘ liberal elite ’ – it is hard to know quite how this rhetorical distortion first got into the political vocabulary .
America has a self - made myth of plain - speaking wiseacre folk which deprecates complexity , ambiguity , difficulty and nuance .
There is a long - held distrust in the United States of verbal fluency , wide reading , historical knowledge , interest in the arts or intellectual curiosity .
All those things seem more often than is comfortable to dispose people towards agnosticism and liberalism , therefore they are characterised as urban , un-American , European and ‘ elitist ’ .
It is hard not to wonder if the ideal American citizen is no more than a god - fearing , family consumer who never questions that while bankers and financiers may be sophisticated and clever and educated and wise , anyone else with those qualities should be religiously tarred and righteously feathered .
When I was growing up ‘ elitism ’ was a word sneered from the lips of the Left , now it is sneered from the lips of the Right .
The sneering was ugly then and it is ugly now .
Knowledge , science , understanding , literacy and curiosity are absolute goods and to hell with anyone who tries to follow that American habit here and attempts to construct a discourse in which only a despised liberal elite are interested in science , the arts , history and ideas .
Such wickedness reminds one of those who opposed Education For All at the end of the nineteenth century .
All knowledge should be free and available and all people should be encouraged to acquire it .
It will not necessarily lead to liberalism , but it will lead to understanding and a desire for openness and decent , non-tribalist exchanges of the kind that can only enrich our democracy .
Advertisement
Vote Three
This is , of course , the possibility of voting Liberal Democrat in the almost certain knowledge that the vote will in reality be cast for a hung parliament and the creation of some sort of coalition , almost certainly with the Conservatives taking the lion ’s share of the Great Offices of State .
Many people in Britain might think that Nick Clegg and Vince Cable are more impressive than most of the candidates and senior members of any party and that our country can only be enriched , in its moment of economic crisis , by their presence in government at some level .
The arguments , if arguments they be , that hung parliaments mean hobbled , lame parliaments are surely nonsense .
The Scandinavian and German examples show that where there is political will and determination anything is possible , including stability , continuity and relatively swift economic recovery .
For every example of a bad coalition system there is an example of a good one .
We cannot assume the worst , however British a trait that may be .
Our society is open enough , with its media and social networking , to force the politicians to come to a workable arrangement .
If the terms of a Lib Dem win are Proportional Representation for all future General Elections and a determined effort to move to a genuinely open and well constructed parliamentary democracy then I for one am excited .
It might all go wrong , but then it is so wrong already that this is a risk I would not be too unhappy to run .
I do not think it means that Peter Firth , Rupert Penry - Jones and the cast of Spooks would be forced to take over in a bloodless coup d’état , nor do I think it would cause rioting in the streets and mutiny in the ranks .
It may turn out to be a rather British damp squib , or it may be ( which I think more likely ) result in a jerky , jolting , juddering evolutionary move towards something a little better .
I do know that my Labour friends would all be rather horrified by my entertaining such a vote , for they are convinced that a vote for the Lib Dems is tantamount to a vote for Cameron .
That is something you will have to decide .
On one front alone I would absolutely urge you to vote LibDem and that is if you live in the Oxford West and Abingdon constituency .
Your incumbent member , now under threat because of boundary changes , is Evan Harris MP , far and away the most persuasive and impressive parliamentarian in the cause of good and open science and enquiry that we have had in the past decade .
He has been central to mould - breaking and inspirational multiparty cooperation in issues of scientific concern since 1997 .
It seems to me ( almost ! ) that he should be elected unopposed like the Speaker .
If you have any interest in the promotion of science and evidence based policy - making and a voice to oppose superstition , religious vested interest and new age nonsense , then do check him out and get those Oxonian Abingdonians working for his re-election .
My intentions and yours
Well , I ’m sorry that I have ignored the other parties , but this blog is long enough and I am trying to be realistic about the tri-partisan options most of us will consider .
I will be honest inasmuch as I can confess , and it will probably not come as much of a surprise , that Vote Two is not one I envisage making .
I find it unappealing for a number of reasons and I will confess that sheer gut instinct is one of them – a dislike of the party and its loudest advocates , not of any individual members and certainly not of Tory voters and supporters as individuals : as I have already said and cannot repeat enough , some of the people I love most dearly in the world are natural and proud Conservatives and I love them none the less for it , just as they ( I hope ! ) love me none the less for my politics .
I also find ( and I know how much some of you will groan at this ) that I worry how much crucial strides in my lifetime towards gay rights would be threatened under the Tories .
This article interested and alarmed me greatly .
Plenty of you will think that is just bloody typical of faggoty Fry and that I should put my sexual nature behind me when voting .
I would happily do so if I did n’t believe that too many Tories are not prepared to offer me the same courtesy but will toil sedulously to make life more difficult for gay people .
Work I ’ve done for Stonewall and others has shown me that the bullying , suicide and homophobia that still exists in the world today is not something to be taken lightly .
Picture your son or daughter , brother or sister being victimised , taunted and threatened in the playground and street and tell me that it ’s all just ‘ political correctness ’ .
More important than my own political views or my own voting intentions are my hopes that nothing I say will stop you from choosing Conservative if you consider it the right way to cast your vote .
It may be you will be voting Tory through dyed - in - the - wool instinct and loyalty or it may be that you are someone who once voted Labour or Lib Dem but who has decided that Cameron and the Conservatives will be best for Britain .
It ’s none of my business , but do vote just as you want and be proud to do so .
© Tony Husband 2010 for Stephenfry.com
As for me , I am still hovering between One and Three and I suspect I will not be sure until I am actually facing the voting form , Sharpie in hand .
( Will it be Sharpies ?
I do hope so .
I virtually addicted to their fumes )
I know that the above may please no one .
Some will despise me for failing to condemn Conservatives more outrightly and fervently , others will think that I ’m a stupid lovie pinko who should shut the hell up .
We can all agree I hope that my views are worth no more ( and no less ) than yours in any sense , but especially in the sense that counts — in the polling booth .
The staff wrangles with the State Department over language in the inaugural address ; a genocidal war breaks out in Kuhndu , and Bartlet weighs his options as Will pushes for American military involvement based on Bartlet 's statements in the past ; the Chief Justice 's increased propensity for writing opinions in verse causes concern about his competence ; Bartlet keeps Charlie busy on the hunt for the perfect Bible for the inauguration ; Donna becomes upset when Jack is transferred out of the White House and reassigned to Italy after getting caught in a squeeze play between the Oval Office and the Pentagon .
Written by etmahoneyiv
By Jonathan Beale
Defence correspondent , BBC News
Fighter jets were scrambled to intercept a United Airlines flight RAF Typhoon fighter jets have been scrambled twice this month amid fears of possible terror threats in UK airspace , the BBC has learned .
One week ago - on 22 March - the RAF was alerted to a conversation overheard on the airwaves , believed to have come from a plane travelling through UK airspace .
It included the words " ransom " and " hostage " .
Soon afterward a Delta Airlines plane - on its way from the US to Frankfurt - made what is described as an " unusual request " to descend just as it was flying south of Reading .
Within minutes , two Typhoon fighter jets were scrambled from RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire .
The fighters circled over Kent as the civilian flight , which had raised concerns , cleared UK airspace .
It was , thankfully , a false alarm .
It is the latest incident to trigger counter - terrorism measures - first introduced after the attacks on 11 September 2001 .
Difficult decision
On average the alarm is raised every month - perhaps no surprise given that there are three million flights through UK airspace every year .
Whenever an alert is issued , Downing Street is immediately informed .
One of a small group of senior ministers is kept abreast of developments .
In this case , he or she would have been woken up in the middle of the night .
Ultimately the minister would make the difficult decision to intervene or , if all else fails , to shoot an aircraft down .
Tornado F3 fighters intercepted a Russian Blackjack bomber
So far it has not come to that , but the procedures are in place .
Typhoon jets were also launched from RAF Coningsby on 2 March , in another incident which has already been reported .
They went to " assist " an American Airlines flight travelling from Dallas / Fort Worth to London .
It followed reports that a passenger had tried to enter the flight deck .
In this case , a female passenger had become distressed during the flight , but the flight crew had managed to calm her down .
But the speed of the interception by the RAF Typhoons gives a sense of how seriously these incidents are taken .
We are not allowed to report precisely how soon the fighters were at the scene , but again it took a matter of minutes to intercept the American Airlines flight .
Cuts ' inevitable ' Counter - terrorism operations are not the only thing keeping the RAF busy .
Fighter crews have been scrambled more than 10 times in the past year to intercept Russian aircraft approaching UK airspace .
Most recently two Tornado F3 fighters were launched from RAF Leuchars in Fife in the early hours of 10 March to intercept a " zombie " - or unknown aircraft .
Within minutes the lead Tornado identified and photographed two Russian Tu-160 " Blackjack " strategic bombers .
The RAF say such incidents are relatively frequent as the Russians carry out routine patrols over the Arctic and Atlantic oceans , though no Russian planes have ever entered UK airspace .
It is perhaps no coincidence the RAF has made public these recent incidents .
They are a reminder of the work the air force carries out to defend the homeland at a time when serious questions are being asked about the overall cost of the UK 's defence budget .
There will be a Strategic Defence Review after the general election that will decide the future shape of the armed forces .
Cuts are inevitable .
The RAF , like the Royal Navy and the Army are engaged in their own PR battle to ensure they will not end up bearing the brunt of the costs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Plenty of other VoIP apps have managed to work in this functionality since Apple / AT&T started allowing it last year , but the official Skype app has been a notable holdout .
Now , two months after Skype started doing 3G calls on Android with Verizon , there 's a 2.0 version of the app for iPhone that brings voice calls over 3G at last .
Mobile iPhone calls are free until August , after which you 'll need a " mobile subscription . "
We 're testing out the app as we write this and it seems to work about as well any other 3G VoIP app we 've tried : passable , not revolutionary .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Up to 10 police officers were injured after scuffles broke out when 2,000 people descended on London 's Brick Lane for a sale by a US clothing chain .
The Met Police said it was called to the American Apparel event , the first day of a planned four - day sale , because of the unexpected turnout .
The firm stopped the event , blaming the " dangerous behaviour " of people in the line , but plan to open on Saturday .
A police spokesman said three people were arrested on public order offences .
He said officers were called to the scene at 1015 BST on Friday because of the large crowd .
Website promotion
He said : " The organisers were unable to ensure the safety of the public and decided to close the event .
" Police had not been notified in advance of the numbers expected to attend .
The organisers were spoken to by police . "
He said the 10 police officers had minor injuries .
The sale had been advertised on social networking websites with offers of items starting from £ 1 and 85 % discounts .
' Get there early '
The company had said it had hired more than 22,000 sq ft ( 2,044 sq m ) of space especially for the sale .
It had urged customers to " get there early " and said more than 50,000 people had come to similar sales in Montreal , Toronto , Vancouver , San Diego , Miami , Berlin and Austin .
In a statement , American Apparel apologised and said Friday 's response to the Rummage Sale event in London was " overwhelming and humbling " .
" They did n't appear to have organised it very well on the first day and I 'm not planning to go again "
Alex Dowle " Some unfortunate and downright dangerous behaviour in the queue prompted the police to temporarily close the event down until they could ensure security for everyone involved .
" In our many rummage sales , we 've never witnessed anything like it and are disappointed and sorry that it happened .
" Fortunately we were able to work out an urgent arrangement for extra security that will allow us to continue to run the rummage sale as planned this weekend and Monday . "
Alex Dowle , 18 , was among those in the crowd .
He told the BBC News website that he had heard about the event online and decided to visit with some friends .
He said lines had already built up by the time he got there at about 1045 BST .
He said : " I walked there from Liverpool Street station and it looked like everyone was on a pilgrimage to the site .
" When we got there there was n't any violence - just a lot of people queuing for miles .
It was moving slowly and then a couple of guys seems to just dash for the door but the police moved them away .
It was calm again after that .
" I think people were just disappointed as I do n't think anybody got in at all .
" They did n't appear to have organised it very well on the first day and I 'm not planning to go again . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The ICM survey for the Sunday Telegraph showed Nick Clegg ’s party dropping four points since a similar survey last week to slump into third place behind Labour , with the Tories on 36 per cent , Labour on 29 per cent and the Lib Dems on 27 per cent .
If repeated at the election on an even swing across the country , the figures would leave David Cameron at the head of the largest party in the House of Commons with 279 MPs – 47 short of an outright majority .
Cooking with EL CHAVO !
How to make Mexican Rice
I enjoy cooking .
I find it oddly relaxing to zone out while I frantically chop away at ingredients as I guide them in the process of becoming a dish .
Making your own meals is also rewarding on both the sensory and financial fronts , plus you get to mess around with different ingredients and cooking methods thus you can make every cooking session a learning experience .
At least that 's what I try to do .
Sadly , lots of people still have no clue or interest in dabbling with this ancient practice of cookery , the one learned trait that separates us from the cockroaches .
( Umm , there may be some others , but I 've yet to see a roach pull out a mini-pan to fry up some vittles .
At least not while I was sober . )
So if you 're interested in some useful human habits other than opening up cans , unscrewing jars lids , or memorizing the microwave cooking time for your next boxed meal , I suggest you follow along with this next installment of my free cooking school : How to Make Mexican Rice !
Like many people , I used to call this " Spanish " rice , the name comes from the era when Mexicans were defined by their language .
( I read that somewhere but can't remember the source . )
But I 've been to Spain and have sampled their food , even the Paella , but Mexican rice is very different , thus I now call it Mexican rice .
Whatever , just thought you 'd like to know .
Above are the main fresh ingredients I use for my usual batch : 2 cloves of garlic , half a white onion , half a jalapeno .
Feel free to moderate the quantities to your own taste .
Some of the other ingredients : black pepper , ground cumin , nutritional yeast , salt , tomato sauce , and a bouillon cube .
Yer gonna have to figure out some of your own proportions , as I do n't really measure stuff out .
Do n't worry , you 'll survive .
Of course , you also need a bit of oil .
Get your pot hot , and pour some in .
Saute the onion - chile - garlic choppings for around 5 minutes under medium heat ..
.. and add 2 cups of long grain rice .
You want to toast the rice with the oil so that it goes from this ..
.. to this lightly browned rice .
You need to keep stirring often so that it does n't burn and to get all the grains to toast a bit .
This is the key process to getting your rice to cook properly ; if you do n't toast it enough the result will be a mushy pot of rice ; cooked too long and the burnt rice will be inedible .
But toasted just right , until a majority of the grains have lightly browned , the resulting rice will keep its individual grain structure and not clump up .
I think this is the most critical point in the cooking process , as it goes from not - yet - ready to burnt in that moment you thought you could take a quick peek at the Simpsons episode on tv .
Create a custom home page for all users of your Panopto site to highlight important and relevant sessions .
Users will only see sessions that they can access .
Sessions that have n’t processed yet will not be shown until they are ready .
Title Custom home page title is only displayed if there are curated sessions
Curated
Sections Show Shared with Me Show What 's New
Show full PR text
HLDS to launch world first Solid State Drive embedded Optical Disc Drive .
Shown to boost PC performance in boot time , multi-tasking and movie play back .
Taipei , Taiwan , May 31st , 2010
Hitachi-LG Data Storage Inc. ( HLDS ) , a global leader and technology innovator in optical disc storage ( ODD ) , today announced HyDrive® , the world 's first solid state drive ( SSD ) embedded ODD .
Hy Drive® is going to be available in August 2010 , installed on the Family PC 102 series from Moneual .
The SSD capacity will be 32GB and 64GB for the 1st generation and up to 256GB with the 2nd generation , which will be ready for mass production in March 2011 and have even faster SSD performance moving from SATA3.0 Gbps to the SATA6.0 Gbps interface .
Hy Drive performance stands to reach its full potential on performance notebooks such as the ASUS N61DA , delivering data handling capabilities currently unavailable to consumers worldwide .
Hy Drive® enables a total storage solution on the PC using the advantages of three storage device types – conventional hard drives , solid state drives and optical drives - without added space on the motherboard and modification of system architecture limited to replacing the existing ODD .
Only HyDrive® enables this through an identical framework to that used in conventional ODDs .
" We are very excited about the potential of this ground - breaking product " , says HLDS CMO YK Park .
" The PC industry have come to expect us to lead in optical storage products and HyDrive is the logical next step , where it offers user benefits to PC booting , shutdown and application loading times with typically 30~60 % reduction in addition to robust media handling and playback . "
Hy Drive® offers hard disk drive ( HDD ) performance boosting in two ways .
One is through using the entire SSD as a cache by the HLDS filter driver .
The other is by having Windows and Microsoft Office applications installed and the remaining capacity serve as a cache .
Having 32 GB of SSD suffices in accommodating Windows and Microsoft Office applications , offering consumers the enjoyment and stress - free experience of PC usage with pure SSD speeds .
Hy Drive® also enables a smaller PC foot print ( 7 - 9 " tablet PCs such as the Ultra Mobile PC , for example ) by removing the HDD or SSD from the motherboard and just having HyDrive® with its SSD as primary storage .
Hy Drive® can offer users 30 - 60 % faster booting , shutdown and application loading on the optimized hardware of the ASUS N61DA .
Other great features have been developed for a combination of ODD and SSD benefits , such as robust media readability which differentiates readability and playability of data , audio or movie discs from other ODDs in the market , using the dedicated burning feature .
It provides smooth and seamless playback even of discs in poor condition due to scratches and fingerprints .
Much more to come with the next generation HyDrive ®
HLDS have been working with their partners AMD , ASUS and Moneual to achieve a successful market launch .
" AMD 's latest 8 - series chipsets have both the required hardware and driver support for HyDrive , including SATA port multiplier support , which enables combined optical and solid state functionality in the HLDS HyDrive " , said AMD 's Niles Burbank , Senior Product Manager for AMD 's Platform Solutions .
Moneual will deliver the very first launch of HyDrive® through their Family PC in August 2010 , showcasing home theater quality performance .
ASUS plans to launch the 1st generation HyDrive on their Eee Top range , and the 2nd generation HyDrive global debut on the N61DA notebook after testing HLDS samples .
HyDrive is a trademark of Hitachi - LG Data Storage , Inc .
Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners .
About Hitachi-LG Data Storage
Hitachi-LG Data Storage , Inc. ( HLDS ) , a joint venture of Hitachi Ltd. and LG Electronics Inc. , has been maintaining Global No.1 position in the world optical storage market since its establishment in 2001 .
Based on the source technology from Hitachi Ltd. and the application technology from LG Electronics , Inc. , creating technical synergy effect between each other , HLDS has been able to become world 's leading company in the optical storage industry .
Also , due to its powerful market leadership , HLDS was able to maintain No.1 global market share for 9 consecutive years its establishment .
HLDS is still in its challenge to become the new " Total Storage Solution Provider " in the market by extending its business area to new storage devices such as NAS ( Network Attached Storage ) while also strengthening the existing optical storage leadership through cutting edge technology , strong marketing power and enhanced service structure for DVD - Rewriter , Blu - Ray / DVD - W Combination Drive , Blu - Ray Rewriter etc .
About ASUS
ASUS is a leading company in the new digital era , with a broad product portfolio that includes notebooks , netbooks , motherboards , graphics cards , displays , desktop PCs , servers , wireless solutions , mobile phones and networking devices .
Driven by innovation and committed to quality , ASUS designs and manufactures products that perfectly meet the needs of today 's home and office users .
ASUS won 3,268 awards in 2009 , and is widely credited with revolutionizing the PC industry with the Eee PC™ .
With a global staff of more than 10,000 and a world - class R&D design team , the company 's revenue for 2009 was US $ 7.5 billion .
ASUS ranks among BusinessWeek 's InfoTech 100 , and has been on the listing for 12 consecutive years .
About AMD
Advanced Micro Devices is an innovative technology company dedicated to collaborating with customers and technology partners to ignite the next generation of computing and graphics solutions at work , home and play .
For more information , visit www.amd.com
In this touching story , 38 - year old Wayne Leary was crossing the road with his 10 - year old daughter Amie when he saw a speeding car , Kia Picanto , coming towards them .
He quickly pushed his daughter 10 year old daughter Amie to safety but suffered serious injuries resulting from the hit resulting in his death .
They were on their way back to his home when the accident happened at 11.20 pm and had crossed the road to get the phone number of a take - away .
Amie , who turned 11 on Tuesday , had spent the day watching Manchester United play Chelsea and seeing friends and family with her father .
They were on the way home when he was hit .
The force of the collision sent him flying into the air and left him with head injuries , a broken leg and broken ribs .
His father Tom said : “ Our lives will never be the same .
This is soul destroying .
This driver has taken away our beloved son and we want justice . ”
Source : www.telegraph.co.uk
The driver did n’t stop after the incident and the car was later found abandoned .
If you have any information about the driver or the incident , please call Greater Manchester Police .
Wayne Leary is a true hero who sacrificed his life to save his daughter ’s life !
Facebook was kind enough to open source the XHProf extension last year , but it flew under my radar until I saw a presentation including it earlier this year when they showed off HipHop .
XHProf provides profiling information about your application , while being lightweight enough to run on a production server ( against a percentage of requests ) .
Once we got it installed we ran into a few limitations with the existing GUI .
With the help of Graham Slater ( one of our front end designers ) I hacked on the Facebook code to come up with our own flavor .
Let me stress the word “ hack . "
I was given some really tough deadlines for this project so functionality was literally hacked into the existing codebase .
Key Features :
Nice interface
MySQL backend for data storage
Stores key values such as Peak Memory Usage , Wall Time , and CPU Ticks in the database directly for easy lookup .
Stores Get , Post , and Cookie data for easy comparison ( so you can determine why a run hit that execution path )
Display includes easy lookup for worst runs , most recent , etc .
Support for profiling a percentage of requests , or on demand
Support for not including a link to profile requests on certain files ( like xml documents , images , etc ) .
Uses Google Data Visualization API to graph runs over time
Concept of “ Similar ” urls , to handle ? story=23 and ?
story =24 having different URLs , but similar to identical code execution paths
Screenshots :
Download :
Please download the source code from GitHub
Warnings :
Seriously , we hacked this up !
Please let me know if you encounter any bugs , there 's probably a bunch .
Hexayurts and African Villages
As you may have guessed I am a fan of mathematics .
Numbers themselves leave me cold , however .
Even some of the great quests of modern mathematics can occasionally appear to me simply as sudoku for geniuses .
The thing that gets me excited about mathematics is the way of thought .
The way a simple proof can take a very difficult question , twist it and make it easy .
The way you can take an idea and reduce it to its simplest possible form .
Trying to find the smallest amount of structure one needs without the idea falling apart .
This process often takes you into incredibly abstract theoretical worlds .
Yet by thinking in these terms we can often find ideas that were drowned out in complexity of the “ real ” world .
One of my favourite examples of this is the fractal patterns found in African villages by Ron Eglash :
Once pointed out the ideas are not hard to see , and have been used to help understand the cultures the buildings come from , yet without the right idea of what to look for the structure is not obvious .
This example comes as much from anthropology as mathematics and it can often be easiest to describe what I feel is mathematical thought away from mathematics .
My second example , therefore , comes from engineering .
Consider a disaster like Haiti , infrastructure and housing have been destroyed .
There is a need to quickly create shelter for a large number of people .
The standard answer is the relief tent .
This is a very short term solution however .
It solves the problem , but a tent may not have a long life .
Say a year or two .
By this time the attention of the world has drifted .
A better idea is to find cheap , easy to assemble shelters , often called transitional housing .
Vinay Gupta took a different route , and I am going to accuse him of mathematical thought .
He cut away all the needs a house had and thought just about the simplest way to make a structure .
He was actually thinking about how to make an easy geodesic dome .
The result was the hexayurt , a building made of 12 sheets of ( internationally ubiquitous ) 4 ’x8 ′ plywood :
This is a building that can be made on site without specialist parts ( a hammer , saw , some off cuts of wood and the 12 sheets are all that is required ) .
A building that is cheaper than the standard relief tent ( just $ 100 ) .
It does not even need much skill , though a fair amount of man power is needed , this is the one thing that such disasters usually have in abundance .
Furthermore it is easy to adapt the building .
A room can be divided off with 3 additional sheets , a taller building can be made by using two sheets to make square walls , as hexagons the buildings can be easily clustered .
In fact , taking advantage of this I could not help but combine the two examples , to make a fractal village of hexayurts :
In all this however we have to be careful , malign forces are watching our every move and we never know when they might pounce :
When AJ Jacobs learned multitasking was bad for you , he decided to kick his chronic addiction to mental juggling .
Get ready for Operation Focus …
A team of scientists led by Mark Raizen at the University of Texas at Austin had the gumption to take on Einstein .
And according to their new paper in Science , they won .
The point of contention ?
The lovechild of statistical mechanics and thermodynamics : Brownian motion .
Here 's how they did it .
Step 1 . Learning the Moves
In the 1820s , Scottish botanist Robert Brown looked through a microscope at plant bits floating in water , and wrote [ PDF ] :
" I observed many of them very evidently in motion . . . [ these motions ] arose neither from currents in the fluid , nor from its gradual evaporation , but belonged to the particle itself . "
To make sure that the pollen was n't alive -- actually swimming around -- Brown tried it with coal dust .
Dust had the same moves .
Today , we understand that Brownian motion , the random break dance of these tiny particles , comes from the water molecules bumping against them .
In 1905 , Einstein determined the properties of the liquid and the particles that would help describe their wanderings and the motion of molecules .
But he also said that it was " impossible " to determine at any moment the speed and direction of a single particle during this dance .
Step 2 . Water Into Air
The reason for Einstein 's doubt ?
The particles bumped around too quickly to ever measure their speed and direction :
He believed that it would be impossible in practice to track this motion , given the incredibly short timescales over which the Brownian fluctuations take place .
[ PhysicsWorld ]
How quick is too quick ?
A very tiny glass sphere ( think micrometers ) in water would change direction almost every 100 nanoseconds ( about the time it takes light to travel 30 meters ) .
Raizen wanted to make the time between moves longer , so they did n't use water .
They put the glass beads on a dance floor with fewer partners , using a medium whose molecules are farther apart : air .
Step 3 . Floating on Air Pollen does n't float on air .
Neither does a micrometer - sized glass bead .
Raizen 's team needed something to hold the glass up .
They decided that the answer was light particles in a pair of laser chopsticks :
In 1907 , Einstein likely did not foresee a time when dust - sized particles of glass could be trapped and suspended in air by dual laser beam " optical tweezers . "
Nor would he have known that ultrasonic vibrations . . . would shake those glass beads into the air to be tweezed and measured as they moved in suspension .
[ ScienceDaily ]
They could control a glass bead 's motion to the precise point where it was still dancing the Brownian , but not too fast to follow .
But the lasers allowed them to do more than suspend the glass :
By looking at how the glass bead deflected the light while it was buffeted by air molecules and bounced about on the chopsticks , the researchers could determine what Einstein dubbed impossible , a bead 's instantaneous direction and speed .
Step 4 . Future Directions
Understanding these discrete steps will help wherever Brownian motion rules : everywhere from cell guts to the scent of perfume wafting through apparently stagnant air .
" It is certainly an important achievement to be able to directly measure the velocity of the Brownian particle at these short times , " says Christoph Schmidt of the University of Göttingen in Germany .
" Technically it is now becoming possible to track individual particles with very high time and spatial resolution , limited in the end only by how many photons per second one can get to interact with the particle . "
[ New Scientist ]
Related content : 80 beats : Putting “ Ears ” on a Microscope Lets Reseachers Listen to Bacteria Cosmic Variance : The Cell is Like Tron !
DISCOVER : Einstein's Gift for Simplicity DISCOVER : Einstein's Lonely Path
Image : Science / AAAS
Justin Halpern 's immensely popular Twitter account " Sh*t My Dad Says " is in the process of being turned into a sitcom , and there 's a powerhouse of industry veterans attached to the project .
Today we can add William Shatner to the list , as he 's primed to star as the dad - that - speaks - his - mind in the pilot episode .
With Shatner set to bring the words of Halpen 's 73 - year - old father to life , the script — co-written by Halpern and Patrick Schumacker — has been greenlit for production as a pilot .
The Hollywood Reporter also reports that the title of the project will likely change ( presumably to something more TV - friendly ) should the pilot become a full - fledged television series .
Given William
Shatner 's comedic timing and edgier persona of late — especially when you factor in the poetic readings of Sarah Palin 's tweets — we think there 's a definite match between the actor and the character that Halpern brings to life on a daily basis via Twitter .
In fact , with the producers of Will & Grace behind the project , one would presume that the end result will not disappoint .
There 's no word on the production schedule or when the pilot will air , but we 'll keep a lookout and keep you posted when we know more .
Until then , let us know what you think of Shatner reprising the role of Halpern senior in the comments .
[ img credit : Thomas Hawk ]
Crystal meth ( methamphetamine ) is a highly addictive drug that seduces victims by increasing self - esteem and sexual pleasure , and inducing euphoria .
But once hooked , addicts find the habit hard to break .
Barbara Sorg from Washington State University , USA , explains that amphetamines enhance memory .
' In addiction we talk about the " drug memory " as a " pathological memory " .
It is so potent as to not be easily forgotten , ' she explains .
As memory plays an important role in addiction , Sorg wondered whether it might be possible to find out more about the effects of meth on memory by looking at the effect it has on a humble mollusc : the pond snail Lymnaea stagnalis .
Lymnaea hold memories about when to breathe through their breathing tubes ( pneumostomes ) in a three neuron network , which is much simpler than the colossal circuits that hold our memories .
Ken Lukowiak from University of Calgary , Canada , has been working on the mechanisms of memory formation in these snails for most of his career , so he and Sorg decided to team up to find out whether a dose of meth could improve the snails ' memories in the way it does human memories .
They publish their discovery that memories formed by snails under the influence of meth are harder to forget , which could help us to understand human addiction , on 28 May 2010 in The Journal of Experimental Biology at http://jeb. biologists .
org .
First Sorg and her students had to discover whether a dose of meth could affect the snails ' breathing behaviour .
According to Lukowiak , the snails breathe through their skins when oxygen levels are high , but when oxygen levels drop the snails extend their pneumostomes above the water 's surface to supplement the supply .
As the drug easily crosses the snail 's skin , the team immersed the snails in de-oxygenated pond water spiked with meth , and watched to see how it affected their breathing .
The snails stopped raising their pnemostomes at 1 and 3.3 · μmol·l - 1 meth , so having found a dose that altered the snail 's behaviour , the team began testing its effects on the mollusc 's long term memory .
The team trained the snails to remember to keep their pneumostomes closed when oxygen levels were low by poking them with a stick every time they tried to open their pneumostomes .
Giving the snails two training sessions separated by an hour , the team knew that the molluscs would hold the memory for over 24·h , but what would happen if they trained the snails in meth - laced water ?
Testing the snails in de-oxygenated pond water 24 hours later , the team were surprised to see that the snails seemed to have no recollection of their training , popping their pneumostomes above the water 's surface .
Maybe meth did not affect the snails ' memories .
But then Lukowiak remembered : ' If you put snails in a novel context even though they have memory they respond as if they do n't have memory , ' he says .
Without meth in the water , the snails were ignoring their memory .
However , when the team reintroduced meth to the test water , the snails suddenly remembered to keep their pneumostomes closed .
This could explain why it 's so hard for human addicts to kick the habit when returning to old haunts that trigger the addiction memory .
Next the team wondered whether meth could improve the snails ' memories .
First they immersed the snails in meth - laced pond water , then they moved them into regular de-oxygented pond water and gave them a training session that the snails should only recall for a few hours .
In theory the snails should have forgotten their training 24 hours later , but would the meth improve the snails ' memories so they remembered to keep their pneomostomes closed a day later ?
It did .
A dose of meth prior to training had improved the snails ' memories , allowing them to recall a lesson that they should have already forgotten .
And when the team tested whether they could mask the meth memory with another memory , they found that the meth memory was much stronger and harder to mask .
So memories formed under the influence of meth seem to be harder to forget , possibly because the drug disrupts the mechanisms for forgetting , and could help us to understand how amphetamines enhance memory in humans .
###
IF REPORTING ON THIS STORY , PLEASE MENTION THE JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL BIOLOGY AS THE SOURCE AND , IF REPORTING ONLINE , PLEASE CARRY A LINK TO : http://jeb. biologists .
org
REFERENCE : Kennedy , C. D. , Houmes , S. W. , Wyrick , K. L. , Kammerzell , S. M. , Lukowiak , K. and Sorg , B. A. ( 2010 ) .
Methamphetamine enhances memory of operantly conditioned respiratory behavior in the snail Lymnaea stagnalis .
J. Exp. Biol .
213 , 2055 -2065 .
This article is posted on this site to give advance access to other authorised media who may wish to report on this story .
Full attribution is required , and if reporting online a link to jeb.biologists.com is also required .
The story posted here is COPYRIGHTED .
Therefore advance permission is required before any and every reproduction of each article in full .
PLEASE CONTACT permissions@biologists.com
THIS ARTICLE APPEARS IN THE JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL BIOLOGY ON : 28 May 2010 .
EMBARGOED UNTIL THURSDAY , 27 May 2010 , 17:00 HRS EST
There ’s been much discussion and debate about the original article , Top 10 Armies in the World , written in 2010 .
In an effort to better quantify the rankings of the top military forces in the world , data was analyzed on more than sixty countries across a variety of points .
The most recent data available at GlobalFirepower.com was reviewed including size of defense budget , number of active military members , number of tanks and armored vehicles , number of aircraft and helicopters , and number of naval craft .
Each component was then assigned a weight before a comprehensive score for each country was calculated , which differs from the rankings Global Firepower assigned .
Most countries like to boast of their military prowess but not all can back up their claim as one of the best in the world with data and numbers .
However , after the calculations were completed , the top ten armies in the world were easily visible as the most powerful militaries in the world .
# 10 : United Kingdom
The British military is over 200,000 strong across three branches of service – navy , army and air force .
The U.K. has a defense budget of nearly $ 58 billion annually .
Of the top ten military powers , it has the smallest number of active duty members but one of the largest budgets .
With nearly 1,800 aircraft and helicopters and over 5,500 tanks and armored vehicles , it is a viable force and an unwavering ally of the United States .
# 9 : Pakistan
Pakistan ’s military was founded in 1947 and consists of three branches of service .
It maintains a force of over 600,000 people who have all volunteered for service .
Pakistan ’s military has close ties to the militaries of the United States and China .
With a defense budget of just over $ 5 billion , it is the smallest budget of the top ten military powers , but still far exceeds many other defense budgets around the world .
While on par with the U.K. for naval craft , Pakistan boasts several hundred more aircraft and helicopters and over 9,000 tanks and armored vehicles .
# 8 : Iran
Iran ’s modern day military was founded in 1923 and currently has over 500,000 active members .
With a defense budget of just over $ 10 billion , Iran is a formidable military .
It has more naval craft than the United States and United Kingdom combined and is surprisingly close to the same number of aircraft and helicopters as China , which has a much larger force size and defense budget .
# 7 : France
While France may not necessarily have the reputation of a military superpower , the numbers show differently even if their perceived attitude around the world does not .
France has a military of over 360,000 strong across the army , navy , air force and paramilitary branches .
With a budget of over $ 58 billion , it is fourth on the list behind the U.S. , China and Russia .
It does have the smallest number of aircraft and helicopters of any other military power in the list .
# 6 : Turkey
The Turkish Army dates back more than 2,000 years though the modern day military branches were founded in 1920 .
With a force of over 600,000 and a budget of close to $ 19 billion , it is solidly in the top ten military powers in the world .
It ranks fourth on the list for tanks and armored vehicles with estimates of just over 11,000 .
With very few exceptions , military service is required of all male citizens after the age of twenty , contributing to the large force size .
# 5 North Korea
The Korean People ’s Army includes five branches of service – ground force , navy , air force , special operations and strategic missile force .
Its military is quite large with over one million on active duty .
Combined with the staggering reserve force of over eight million , it has the largest military in the world .
With its neighbor to the south , tensions are always high .
Because of the alliance between the United States and South Korea , this makes the U.S. a known enemy as well .
North Korea is no stranger to making threats against other countries including the use of its nuclear and chemical weapons .
# 4 : India
The Indian military is over one million strong across four branches as well as paramilitary units .
It is an all - volunteer force operating under of budget of more than $ 44 billion .
While its aircraft and helicopter as well as tank and armored vehicle numbers rank it solidly in the middle of the list , it has the smallest naval craft fleet of the top ten .
India is also estimated to have more than eighty nuclear warheads in its possession .
# 3 : Russia
The current Russian force was founded in 1992 , however , Russia has a military history that dates back as early as 863 .
All male citizens between the ages of 18 and 27 are drafted for military service for a period of 12 months .
There are some exceptions including being a student or the parent of two or more children .
Russia currently has over 1.2 million active duty military members and operates under a budget of more than $ 64 billion dollars .
It is surpassed in military spending only by China and the U.S.
Of note , it does have more than double the number of aircraft and helicopters as China , though China has double the number of tanks and armored vehicles .
Russia also has the largest number of nuclear warheads in the world , though not the most active .
# 2 : China
The People ’s Liberation Army of China was founded in 1927 and has the largest active duty force in the world with nearly 2.3 million serving .
It has the second largest defense budget of more than $ 129 billion .
It is also known to house nuclear weapons with estimates around 240 in country .
Even though there is technically a requirement for military service , the military has never had an issue with maintaining a large force through volunteers .
Therefore , a draft system is not currently in effect .
# 1 : United States
The United States military has a long history dating back to 1775 .
With over 1.4 million on active duty , it has the second largest active duty force ranking only behind China .
However , the defense budget is what really sets the U.S. apart from all other countries on the list .
With a budget of over $ 689 billion , its budget exceeds all other military budgets on this list combined by nearly $ 300 billion .
Ranking only behind Russia in the total number of warheads , the U.S has the largest number of active warheads in the world .
The U.S. also has the largest number of aircraft and helicopters by far with just over 21,000 and barely skirts ahead of China in the number of tanks and armored vehicles .
——
Top Ten Armies Article published by DirJournal.com on May 5th 2010
Nearly every country in the world has its own army to protect its interests against internal and external enemies .
The top ten armies of the world were chosen based on their military history , current operations and size of force as well as their reputation as a military force .
Most of these armies were involved in the major conflicts of the modern day world including World War I , World War II and the Korean War .
In addition , many of these armies have been involved in conflicts fighting for their own country ’s independence .
# 10 : Pakistan
Pakistan ’s Army was founded in 1947 and maintains a force of over 500,000 strong who have all volunteered for service .
Pakistan ’s military history includes conflicts with its bordering neighbors of Afghanistan and India , the Gulf War and Mogadishu , Somalia in the early 90s .
Pakistan has also served as an ally to the United States in the Global War on Terrorism by assisting in fighting the Taliban and Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan and along the border of Pakistan .
# 9 : Israel
Israel is the only country in the world that requires military service from both male and female citizens with few exceptions .
The Israel Defense Force was founded in 1948 and maintains an active duty force of over 100,000 .
The Israeli military history includes the Arab - Israel War , the Six - Day War and numerous conflicts with Lebanon and Palestine .
The United States remains one of Israel ’s largest allies .
# 8 : Russia
Russia has undergone numerous changes throughout its military history dating back to 863 .
The modern day army is known as the Russian Ground Force and was founded in 1992 .
Previous Russian military organizations , including the Red Army , have been involved in regional conflicts , both world wars and the Cold War .
Before the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 , it was the known as the superpower of the world and had surpassed the United States in terms of the number of soldiers and nuclear weapons .
The Russian Ground Force is staffed through mandatory service ; though many in the country have either deferred under exceptions or offered bribes to officials not to serve .
# 7 : Turkey
The Turkish Army dates back more than 2,000 years .
The modern day Turkish Army is one of the few notable armies that stayed neutral during World War II .
Although the Turkish Army was involved in the Korean War , the largest conflict in the 1900s was in the Turkish Independence War where it fought Russia , Britain , Greece , France and Italy along its borders .
Military service in Turkey is required with few exceptions and it has resulted in Turkey having the second largest ground force in NATO .
# 6 : North Korea
The North Korean People ’s Army was established in 1939 and has an impressive force of more than one million soldiers .
When reserve unit numbers are counted in this total , estimates are more than seven million soldiers who could be activated if needed .
Major conflicts in North Korea ’s history are the Korean War and the Vietnam War .
Tensions between North and South Korea still exist today and , technically , the conflict has not officially ended between the two .
North Korea has confirmed its nuclear and chemical weapons capability in recent years with threats against various countries including the United States , mainly for its alliance with South Korea .
# 5 : Germany
The German Army has one of the most notable histories with the rise of Hitler .
The German Army was responsible for the start of World War II when it invaded Poland .
After the War ended , Germany was in a divided state and formed the West Germany Army .
After reunification in the 1990s , the armies from the east and west were combined into the current German Army .
The current military force in Germany numbers over 200,000 active soldiers .
# 4 : India
The Indian Army dates back to the Stone Age .
Today , it is known as being the largest all volunteer ground force in the world with more than 1,000,000 active duty soldiers .
India has never had to institute a draft to staff its ground force .
The Indian Army has been involved in both world wars as well as several conflicts to fight for its own independence .
Pakistan has been its target on more than one occasion in its military history .
# 3 : United Kingdom
The British Army was organized in 1661 and has been involved in various conflicts including the Napoleonic Wars , Revolutionary War and both world wars .
The British Army has had a significant presence in Northern Ireland and the Balkans while standing beside the United States in the Gulf War in the 1990s as well as the Global War on Terrorism after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
The active duty force of the British Army is more than 100,000 strong , making it the second largest army in the European Union behind France .
# 2 : China
The People ’s Liberation Army of China is the largest in the world numbering over two million soldiers even after significant cuts in forces in recent years .
The Chinese Army was established in 1927 and involved in the Sino - Japanese conflict , World War II , Korean War and Vietnam .
While technically service is required for all men over the age of 18 , China has never had to draft soldiers as there has always been more than enough Chinese men who have volunteered for military service to their country .
# 1 : United States
The United States Army dates back to 1775 when the Continental Army was created to fight in the Revolutionary War .
The U.S. Army has participated in every major world war , the Korean War , Vietnam , the Gulf War and the Global War on Terrorism .
The current active duty force for the U.S. Army numbers over 500,000 with a combined total of over one million with Reserve and National Guard soldiers .
The modern day Army is an all volunteer force with permanent posts throughout the United States as well as Germany , Italy , Kosovo , Japan and Korea .
I 'm not sure if you can download them , I do n't see a button for it , but you can stream Olivier Deriviere 's soundtracks off his website .
These include Obscure I +II and now Alone in the Dark as well .
Check it out , it 's great stuff .
My favorite is the first track off Obscure II .
I have n't listened to AITD yet as it was n't up on his old site , so I 've got to check it out ...!
EDITL Fuck , AITD is just 30 second clips .
Okay , skip that , but listen to the Obscure OSTs !
Organizing for America , the grassroots arm of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , are selling the shirts for $ 25 a piece in an effort to fundraise off Biden 's slip that healthcare 's passage was a " Big F****** Deal . "
So far , so good , writes spokesperson Brandi Hoffine .
The Democrats have sold out a significantly sized first shipment of the shirts .
" We started selling them yesterday and sold out of our initial order overnight , " Hoffine wrote in an e-mail .
" They are selling faster than ipads will this weekend . "
ADVERTISEMENT
The shirt commemorates a remark Biden made while introducing President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE at the signing of the healthcare reform bill last week .
The vice president whispered to Obama about the signing " this is a big f**** ing deal " but the comment was picked up by microphones .
The comment was taken up as a rallying cry by Democrats but was viewed scornfully by Republicans who opposed the legislation .
The White House was first to tout the comment .
The day Biden made the remark , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs tweeted " And yes , Mr. Vice President , you 're right . "
PHOTO
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 20
Saturn 's Moons Dione and Titan from Cassini
Credit : NASA / JPL / SSI ; Color composite : Emily Lakdawalla
Explanation :
What would it be like to see a sky with many moons ?
Such is the sky above Saturn .
When appearing close to each other , moons will show a similar phase .
A view with two of the more famous moons of Saturn in gibbous phase was captured last month by the robot spacecraft Cassini now orbiting Saturn .
Titan , on the left , is among the largest moons in the Solar System and is perpetually shrouded in clouds .
In 2005 , the Huygens probe landed on Titan and gave humanity its first view of its unusual surface .
Dione , on the right , has less than a quarter of Titan 's diameter and has no significant atmosphere .
The above uncalibrated image was taken on April 10 after Cassini swooped by each moon the previous week .
More than 340 children in the Kurdish south - east of Turkey have been given long prison sentences in the past three years .
Most of them were detained for taking part in anti-government protests , under a law banning any show of support for the outlawed Kurdish Workers ' Party , or PKK .
The government says it knows the law , which requires a minimum five - year sentence , is too harsh , but it has yet to change it .
Jonathan Head reports from Istanbul .
DETROIT — Wrecking crews are preparing to tear down a landmark 5,000 - square - foot house in the posh neighborhood of Palmer Woods in the coming weeks , a sign that Detroit is finally getting serious about razing thousands of vacant and abandoned structures across the city .
In leveling 1860 Balmoral Drive , the boyhood home of one - time presidential candidate and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , Detroit is losing a small piece of its history .
But the project is part of a demolition effort that is just now gaining momentum and ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed the nation ’s most draconian immigration law last week , criminalizing illegal immigration ( and , many critics say , being a minority ) , she had a good political reason for doing so : Joe Arpaio .
Joe ’s the aging sheriff of Maricopa County , Arizona ( which includes Phoenix ) , and his disdain for brown people , civil liberties , federal authority , and Constitutional law are pretty well documented at Mother Jones and elsewhere .
A man with a Pravda - esque communications machine that would be the envy of any politician on any level , he lords over Maricopa ’s swelling prison population with the swagger of an antebellum South Carolina planter driving his slaves .
He ’s made prisoners wear pink panties , stuck them in sweltering tents in the desert , screwed with their food rations , cited fake laws , gone after news reporters , and generally made nativism the reason for his existence on this heavenly sphere .
He made arresting Latinos fashionable and , after many run-ins with the feds over such practices , was likely the main inspiration behind Arizona ’s new immigration code .
In short , Brewer felt she had to sign last week ’s immigration bill , because she felt Arpaio ’s breath on her neck .
She had to appear as tough on brown people as Arpaio does , lest he decide to challenge her in the GOP primary .
So she signed it .
And guess what ?
Arpaio ’s still going to run against her .
Sources in the sheriff ’s department , which will likely double as his campaign staff ( no new thing there ) , say his paperwork ’s filed .
And on his Twitter account – where you can read about his Washington Post interview today , or his “ crime suppression / illegal immigration ” operations briefings , or his anger about “ out of town critics ” – he recently tweeted that his wife wants him to run .
And he ’s already the frontrunner in Arizona Republicans ’ minds .
So why not run ?
What does he have to fear ?
Latino turnout in the Phoenix metro area ?
Problem solved !
Here , then , is to Arizona : one of the prettiest states in the union , soon to be the first breakaway republic in the new confederacy of Inner America .
Los Angeles Police Department and City Hall security police tackled and took into custody several protesters who shouted complaints at the City Council and effectively shut down its meeting Friday after officials put off voting on a rent hike moratorium .
Three members of the L.A. Community Action Network were arrested , officials said .
Council members had been scheduled to consider an ordinance preventing the owners of thousands of rent - controlled apartments from imposing an optional 3 % rent hike between now and Oct. 31 .
The proposed ordinance would impose a rent moratorium for buildings constructed before 1978 that have six or more units , a group that is governed by the city 's rent - control law .
Tegano , not a man of peace
Correction to this article
WITH a more easily pronounceable name , the ' Ndrangheta , the mafia of Calabria , Italy 's toe , might have achieved greater notoriety .
Police and prosecutors began warning as far back as the 1990s that it had become the country 's richest , most dangerous organised - crime syndicate , ahead of Sicily 's Cosa Nostra .
Yet although a third group , the Camorra in and around Naples , has become infamous thanks to Roberto Saviano 's best - selling book “ Gomorrah ” , the ' Ndrangheta remains almost unknown beyond Italy .
Investigators say that the ' Ndrangheta has prospered largely because its links to the Colombian cartels have given it a pre-eminent role in the transatlantic cocaine trade .
The man credited with forging those links is Roberto Pannunzi .
Last month , it emerged that the Italian authorities had let him slip away — for a second time .
He was first arrested in Medellín , Colombia , in 1994 , when his captors refused his offer of “ a million dollars , right now ” .
Extradited to Italy , he was let go when his detention order expired .
Mr Pannunzi was then rearrested in 2004 and later convicted .
But last year , after a heart attack , he was sent from jail to a private clinic near Rome .
In March he disappeared .
The news was kept quiet for more than three weeks , ostensibly so as not to obstruct his recapture .
On April 26th the state was partly compensated by the arrest of Giovanni Tegano , reputedly the most senior gangster in the region 's biggest city , Reggio Calabria .
He was a key participant in Italy 's bloodiest - ever mafia war , which claimed the lives of almost 600 people in the six years to 1991 .
The interior minister , Roberto Maroni , acclaimed “ the heaviest blow that could have been inflicted on the ' Ndrangheta . ”
But official rejoicing was tempered when a crowd of 500 formed outside the police station where Mr Tegano had been taken and burst into applause when he emerged .
Some shouted that the police had arrested a “ man of peace . ”
Many in the crowd were reportedly related to the 70 - year - old mobster , but the incident still shows the grip that the ' Ndrangheta has on Calabria , which is one of Italy 's poorest regions .
Reggio's deputy chief prosecutor , Michele Prestipino , argues that it could yet be prised open .
Bugged telephone calls showed mobsters lamenting a “ certain intolerance ” among those they extorted and terrorised , he said .
But there has been nothing like the brave revolt by some Sicilian businessmen .
The day Mr Tegano was seized , police in Rosarno began an operation to dismantle a system of grossly exploitative agricultural work and the clan thought to be behind it .
In January Rosarno saw a riot by African crop-pickers and violent reprisals by local people , some allegedly linked to the Pesce clan of the ' Ndrangheta .
Of 40 suspected members and associates , seven were women .
They have long played a prominent role in the ' Ndrangheta , partly because ( unlike Cosa Nostra ) the ' Ndrangheta 's “ families ” are based on actual families .
This makes them harder to infiltrate and so less susceptible to pentitismo ( mobsters turning state 's evidence ) , which has proved a crucially important weapon in the fight against Cosa Nostra .
The countervailing drawback has often been disunity .
If Cosa Nostra was a pyramid , the ' Ndrangheta was more of an archipelago of similar but separate islands .
That may be changing .
The newspaper La Repubblica reports that police recently listened in on conversations in which ' Ndrangheta affiliates were heard for the first time speaking of it as a unified structure .
One , echoing the language of its Sicilian counterpart , declared : “ We are all one thing .
We are the ' Ndrangheta . ”
Correction : Reggio Calabria is not , as we originally wrote , the regional capital .
But it is the region 's biggest city .
This was corrected on May 17th 2010 .
Kissing the Mask : Beauty , Understatement and Femininity in Japanese Noh Theater , with Some Thoughts on Muses ( Especially Helga Testorf ) , Transgender Women , Kabuki Goddesses , Porn Queens , Poets , Housewives , Makeup Artists , Geishas , Valkyries and Venus Figurines by William T. VollmannEcco
504 pp. , $ 29.99
Some twenty years ago , William T. Vollmann wrote a remarkable novel , entitled Whores for Gloria , 1 about prostitutes plying their trade in San Francisco ’s Tenderloin .
He has written about prostitutes in other books too , notably in The Royal Family and Butterfly Stories , about an American ’s adventures in Southeast Asia .
In “ The Shame of It All , ” an essay reprinted in Expelled from Eden : A William T. Vollmann Reader ( 2004 ) , he writes :
I have worshiped them and drunk from their mouths ; I ’ve studied at their feet .
Many have saved me ; one or two I ’ve raised up .
They ’ve cost me money and made me money .
People might say that we ’ve “ exploited ” each other .
Some have trusted me ; a few have loved me — or at least said so .
They ’ve healed my loneliness , infected me with diseases and despair .
Vollmann likes to do his homework .
To research Whores for Gloria , he spent many hours with whores , drinking and smoking crack , paying them to tell him stories , and whatever else was required .
But unlike many others afflicted with nostalgie de la boue , he does not romanticize his subject :
The kitchen floor was black with dirt .
Nicole lay down on it and raised her legs to make her cunt so nice and tight for him , and Jimmy stood over her watching the groping of those legs , which were speckled with boils and lesions , until her left ankle came to rest on the chair that she had sat on , while the sole of her right foot had to be content with bracing itself against Jimmy ’s refrigerator .
One of Vollmann ’s literary tics is to repeat certain images in unexpected ways — in the case of Whores for Gloria , flowery images .
Jimmy , observing Nicole ’s genitals , which “ glistened under the kitchen lights with the brightness of metal foil , ” remarks : “ Your pussy is just like a flower . ”
This elicits another Vollmann tic , the footnote displaying the author ’s quirky erudition , often about some historical example of horrific violence :
“ I still remember the effect I produced on a small group of Gala tribesmen massed around a man in black clothes , ” wrote Vittorio Mussolini .
“ I dropped an aerial torpedo right in the center and the group opened up like a flowering rose .
It was entertaining . ”
It might seem a very , very long way from the scuzzy , crack - addicted denizens of San Francisco ’s Tenderloin ( or indeed the bombing of hapless tribesmen in Ethiopia ) to the refinements of Japan ’s Noh theater , and yet , once one gets the drift of Vollmann ’s preoccupations , the transition is not as radical as one might think .
The main character in Whores for Gloria is Jimmy , an alcoholic Vietnam vet , seedy , fat , and unprepossessing in every way , but for one odd kind of grace : he is a romantic , forever searching …
Special By By Carol Forsloff May 8 , 2010 in Environment Robert -
What was thought as a promising strategy to stop oil from spilling into the Gulf of Mexico at an increasing rate has failed for the moment .
BP is n't sure the containment dome will work and says it needs two days to figure out what to do next .
Saturday afternoon U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles , MMS Regional Director of the Gulf of Mexico Region Lars Herbst met with press representatives to outline the progress in trying to stop the oil spill from an oil rig explosion on April 20 and mitigate any damage it may cause to the shoreline .
Admiral Landry pointed out there continues to be good cooperation among volunteers and all those involved in the total response team addressing the oil spill potential disaster .
Two oiled birds have been cleaned , two others found dead as well as a dead porpoise .
Officials are working to find out whether these deaths were caused by oil contamination .
Dr. Dennis Apeti , Mussel Watch scientist , brings up a trawl full of oysters for testing NOAA Herbst continues to assert Mineral Management 's consultative capacity and its process in providing oversight .
BP 's representative , Doug Suttles , thanked the 8,500 people now involved in trying to control the oil spill , including 4,000 volunteers .
He said officials had received 35,000 calls from people about the spill , with half of them offering to help .
Suttles ' key statements had to do with the containment dome that had been lowered to the sea floor to be used to catch the oil flow and maintained with the use of the Discovery Enterprise while an alternative well is completed .
Hydrate formation occurred early on during the process yesterday of securing the apparatus properly from containing the oil .
The hydrate formation caused pipes to plug up like a toilet , Suttles explained .
He further went on to describe it as an ice - like substance that plugs the line and prevents oil from flowing .
The company is looking at a variety of ways to address the problem that includes the application of heat or methanol .
Presently the dome sits 200 meters away from the area of the oil leak in what is described as a safe location .
Suttles said , in addressing the issues , " It is difficult whether we can find solutions .
This has never been tried before . "
He went on to say , " We are looking at ways to overcome the problem .
We will need two days to come up with solutions . "
When asked about the potential of a shortage of boom , Suttles said , " We are assembling a massive amount and have deployed all we can find .
It 's premature to say there wo n't be enough .
We are ordering boom around the world , but we want to make sure there is enough for other problems . "
Landry was asked whether the impact of the oil spill would have an effect on legislation , specifically the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 .
The Admiral deferred answering the question specifically , saying instead , " Right now we are focused on a large response from people ( about the oil spill ) , which is a testament to the Act and the maritime community .
But we have a long way to go . "
Admiral Landry " they do n't know the impact on the environment " of chemical dispersants when asked about them on Saturday .
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ( Service ) on Friday announced the closure of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge to public entry .
This closure covers all of Breton NWR , which includes the Chandeleur Islands chain ( Chandeleur , Grand Gossier , Curlew , New Harbor Island , North Islands , Free Mason ) stating " it is important to keep the public safe , to minimize disturbance to nesting colonial sea birds , and to allow personnel conducting cleanup operations and recovery efforts to work safely and efficiently .
The first shoreline impact of oil from the spill was confirmed late Wednesday .
Overflight information confirmed sheen and emulsified oil around the Chandeleur Islands .
NOAA announced early yesterday that it had modified and expanded the boundaries of the closed fishing area to better reflect the current location of the BP oil spill .
The restriction has been extended until May 17 .
The media has now been restricted by the Joint Command from low flights over the Chandeleur Islands because the flights and landings endanger the birds the media is covering .
In the meantime BP has established an office in Foley , Alabama in anticipation of claims miles from the center where the oil leak continues to spill disastrous amounts of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , with the figures changing daily and recording potentially millions of barrels into the waters daily .
Placing a dome over an oil leak to stop oil from continuing to leak into the Gulf from an oil rig explosion has n't worked out yet , and BP has said it is complicated by hydrate formation that has occurred earlier than anticipated - that prevents the oil from flowing .
Saturday afternoon U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles , MMS Regional Director of the Gulf of Mexico Region Lars Herbst met with press representatives to outline the progress in trying to stop the oil spill from an oil rig explosion on April 20 and mitigate any damage it may cause to the shoreline .
Admiral Landry pointed out there continues to be good cooperation among volunteers and all those involved in the total response team addressing the oil spill potential disaster .
Two oiled birds have been cleaned , two others found dead as well as a dead porpoise .
Officials are working to find out whether these deaths were caused by oil contamination .
Herbst continues to assert Mineral Management 's consultative capacity and its process in providing oversight .
BP's representative , Doug Suttles , thanked the 8,500 people now involved in trying to control the oil spill , including 4,000 volunteers .
He said officials had received 35,000 calls from people about the spill , with half of them offering to help .
Suttles ' key statements had to do with the containment dome that had been lowered to the sea floor to be used to catch the oil flow and maintained with the use of the Discovery Enterprise while an alternative well is completed .
Hydrate formation occurred early on during the process yesterday of securing the apparatus properly from containing the oil .
The hydrate formation caused pipes to plug up like a toilet , Suttles explained .
He further went on to describe it as an ice - like substance that plugs the line and prevents oil from flowing .
The company is looking at a variety of ways to address the problem that includes the application of heat or methanol .
Presently the dome sits 200 meters away from the area of the oil leak in what is described as a safe location .
Suttles said , in addressing the issues , " It is difficult whether we can find solutions .
This has never been tried before . "
He went on to say , " We are looking at ways to overcome the problem .
We will need two days to come up with solutions .
" When asked about the potential of a shortage of boom , Suttles said , " We are assembling a massive amount and have deployed all we can find .
It 's premature to say there wo n't be enough .
We are ordering boom around the world , but we want to make sure there is enough for other problems .
" Landry was asked whether the impact of the oil spill would have an effect on legislation , specifically the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 .
The Admiral deferred answering the question specifically , saying instead , " Right now we are focused on a large response from people ( about the oil spill ) , which is a testament to the Act and the maritime community .
But we have a long way to go .
" Admiral Landry " they do n't know the impact on the environment " of chemical dispersants when asked about them on Saturday .
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ( Service ) on Friday announced the closure of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge to public entry .
This closure covers all of Breton NWR , which includes the Chandeleur Islands chain ( Chandeleur , Grand Gossier , Curlew , New Harbor Island , North Islands , Free Mason ) stating " it is important to keep the public safe , to minimize disturbance to nesting colonial sea birds , and to allow personnel conducting cleanup operations and recovery efforts to work safely and efficiently .
The first shoreline impact of oil from the spill was confirmed late Wednesday .
Overflight information confirmed sheen and emulsified oil around the Chandeleur Islands .
NOAA announced early yesterday that it had modified and expanded the boundaries of the closed fishing area to better reflect the current location of the BP oil spill .
The restriction has been extended until May 17 .
The media has now been restricted by the Joint Command from low flights over the Chandeleur Islands because the flights and landings endanger the birds the media is covering .
In the meantime BP has established an office in Foley , Alabama in anticipation of claims miles from the center where the oil leak continues to spill disastrous amounts of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , with the figures changing daily and recording potentially millions of barrels into the waters daily .
More about Oil spill , Containment device , British petroleum , Gulf of Mexico More news from oil spill containment device british petroleum gulf mexico
The officiating has come under much scrutiny in the Celtics - Magic series , and now we know the referees who will be working Game 6 at TD Garden .
According to the NBA ’s website , which posts referee assignments each morning , Monty McCutchen , Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer ( pictured at right arguing with Celtics coach Doc Rivers in Game 4 of the Celtics - Heat series ) are in charge of tonight ’s game .
Only Mauer has worked a game in this series prior to tonight — he was teamed with Dan Crawford and Michael Smith in Game 1 in Orlando .
Mauer has worked three Celtics playoff games : Game 1 vs. the Magic , Game 3 vs. the Cavaliers and Game 4 vs. the Heat .
Advertisement
McCutchen and Callahan have worked one Celtics playoff game each , both in the Celtics - Cavaliers series .
McCutchen did Game 6 and Callahan was on Game 4 .
Kendrick Perkins is teetering on the brink of a one - game suspension with six postseason technical fouls .
During the regular season , Perkins earned one of his 15 techs for arguing a call levied by McCutchen .
Yesterday the league rescinded one of the two techs Perkins earned in a loss to Orlando , taking back the one he got for blowing up as he walked away after a call by Eddie Rush .
The decision to have Saeed Ajmal bowl the last over in Pakistan 's heartbreaking semi-final loss against Australia was a bad one , said Sohail Tanvir , his team - mate at Rawalpindi .
" I have played a lot with Saeed and he is a sort of bowler who struggles against the left - handers and in pressure situations , it was not a good idea to give him the final over when there were two left - handers at the crease , " Tanvir said .
Stats bear out the first part of his argument , at least in Twenty20 internationals : Ajmal has conceded 164 runs in 140 deliveries and taken seven wickets against left - handers ; against right - handers he has taken 24 wickets in 317 balls and conceded only 312 runs .
Having played with Ajmal for some time , Tanvir probably knew something most probably did n't .
Logically , you 'd expect an offspinner to trouble left - handers more than right - handers , since the offbreak spins away from the left - hander and is hence harder to hit .
Which raises a broader question : do offspinners generally prefer bowling to left - handers , or has the invention of the doosra made them an equally potent threat against right - handers as well ?
And how have left - arm orthodox spinners fared against the two types of batsmen , given that none of them bowl the equivalent of the doosra ?
Let 's start with Tests .
Stats from the last eight - and - a - half years suggest that offspinners have generally done better against right - handers - now that 's a finding that goes against conventional wisdom .
On the other hand , left - arm spinners too do better against the righties - they concede 10 runs more per wicket when bowling to left - handers .
Offspinners and left - armers in Tests since 2002 ( Qual : 300 balls bowled to each type of batsman ) Bowler type Batsman type Wickets Average Strike rate Offspinners Right - handers 823 32.75 65.24 Left- handers 423 36.10 79.91 Left-arm orthodox Right - handers 783 35.59 78.95 Left- handers 347 45.10 84.91
In ODIs , offspinners seem to have no preference - their average and economy rate against right - and left - handers are almost the same .
For the left - arm spinners , though , the difference is significant : an average of less than 33 against right - handers balloons to more than 46 against lefties , and at a higher economy rate too .
Offspinners and left - armers in ODIs since 2002 ( Qual : 300 balls bowled to each type of batsman ) Bowler type Batsman type Wickets Average Econ rate Strike rate Offspinners Right - handers 910 35.37 4.47 47.46 Left- handers 407 34.50 4.42 46.82 Left-arm orthodox Right - handers 852 32.83 4.30 45.81 Left- handers 221 46.48 4.71 59.24
All ODI numbers only include games involving the top 10 teams .
As you 'd expect , Muttiah Muralitharan dominates the list of the offspin bowlers , with a haul of 410 wickets in Tests since 2002 .
What 's far more surprising , though , is the difference in his stats against the two types of batsmen .
He has dominated most right - hand batsmen , but his average against left - handers goes up to 27.59 .
And since the stats begin from 2002 ( Cricinfo does n't have complete ball - by - ball data for the years prior to this ) , these numbers do n't even include Brian Lara 's unbelievable series against him in November 2001 .
( They played again in a series in 2003 , in which Lara scored 87 from 182 balls off Murali and was dismissed once . )
Michael Hussey ( 100 runs , no dismissals ) , Stephen Fleming ( 171 runs , no dismissals ) and Shivnarine Chanderpaul ( 107 runs , one dismissal ) are some of the other left - hand batsmen who 've shone against him .
Murali has had his share of wins against lefties - Sourav Ganguly has been dismissed seven times in scoring 90 runs during this period - but generally they 've done reasonably well against him .
Among other bowlers , Harbhajan Singh 's stats are pretty even against left - and right - handers , but Graeme Swann and Nathan Hauritz have both done better against lefties , with the difference in Swann 's case being huge .
Pakistan 's Saqlain Mushtaq was a master of the doosra , and that surely helped him dismiss right - handers cheaply , especially during a period when few other bowlers had mastered the delivery .
Offspinners v right - and left - handers in Tests Bowler Right - wickets Average Left - wickets Average Muttiah Muralitharan 291 18.32 119 27.59 Harbhajan Singh 186 30.91 88 32.42 Graeme Swann 37 38.89 48 22.56 Nathan Hauritz 35 33.88 22 26.09 Saqlain Mushtaq 41 26.97 16 37.12 Jeetan Patel 23 43.95 14 41.00 Saeed Ajmal 13 36.84 5 56.40
For left - arm spinners , Daniel Vettori 's stats tell the story : his numbers against right - handers are very good , but against left - handers he has n't been so impressive , averaging almost 42 runs per wicket .
Adam Gilchrist averages 103 against him , Chris Gayle 164 , and Kumar Sangakkara 125 , while Gautam Gambhir scored 102 against him without being dismissed .
Monty Panesar and Shakib Al Hasan both have much better numbers against right - handers , while the same can be said of Sri Lanka 's Rangana Herath as well .
Clearly , left - arm orthodox spinners have n't met the challenge of bowling to left - handers as well their right - arm counterparts have the challenge of bowling to right - handers .
Left - arm orthodox spinners v right - and left - handers in Tests Bowler Right - wickets Average Left - wickets Average Daniel Vettori 134 30.68 66 41.90 Monty Panesar 99 28.80 27 54.70 Ashley Giles 67 43.35 44 40.18 Mohammad Rafique 67 37.98 30 46.16 Paul Harris 62 34.58 25 35.08 Shakib Al Hasan 54 27.03 13 51.07 Rangana Herath 49 31.24 15 48.06
Like in Tests , in ODIs too Muralitharan has done much better against right - handers than against lefties .
Gilchrist ( 141 runs in 158 balls , out twice ) , Suresh Raina ( 91 in 99 , out twice ) , and Simon Katich ( 77 in 94 , no dismissals ) have been some of the left - handers who 've handled the Murali threat in style .
MS Dhoni and Ricky Ponting have excellent numbers against Murali as well , but one of the right - handers who has struggled against him is Virender Sehwag : in 60 balls he has been dismissed four times , scoring 51 runs .
Harbhajan has better stats against right - handers as well , but Hauritz , Johan Botha , Jeetan Patel and Swann are among those who'd much rather be bowling to left - handers .
Is it a mere coincidence that none of them is known to possess a deadly doosra ?
Offspinners v right - and left - handers in ODIs Bowler Right - wickets Average Econ rate Left - wickets Average Econ rate Muttiah Muralitharan 165 19.35 3.65 48 29.37 4.06 Harbhajan Singh 128 30.75 4.15 55 38.58 4.37 Chris Gayle 90 33.20 4.67 36 28.50 4.49 Shoaib Malik 82 30.86 4.18 18 68.72 4.70 Prosper Utseya 32 54.00 4.38 18 60.55 4.01 Nathan Hauritz 31 41.03 4.79 23 21.82 4.20 Johan Botha 27 47.03 4.57 17 25.94 4.46 Jeetan Patel 22 46.86 5.38 14 27.00 4.26 Graeme Swann 20 30.95 4.43 17 21.11 4.75 Saeed Ajmal 18 35.66 3.91 12 22.16 4.09
Among the left - arm orthodox spinners , the stats are far more consistent , with all of them preferring to bowl to right - handers .
The difference is significant for Vettori , just like it is in Tests .
Ponting and Andrew Symonds have both been dismissed by him six times at averages of less than 40 .
Michael Bevan , on the other hand , has scored 83 runs against him without being dismissed once , while Michael Hussey ( 154 runs in 221 balls , dismissed once ) and Chanderpaul ( 94 in 110 , dismissed once ) have also handled him extremely well .
For some of the others , like Bangladesh 's Shakib and Abdur Razzak , the difference in averages is even greater .
Left - arm orthodox spinners v right - and left - handers in ODIs Bowler Right - wickets Average Econ rate Left - wickets Average Econ rate Daniel Vettori 137 27.78 3.83 44 37.40 4.20 Sanath Jayasuriya 83 38.30 4.62 19 45.00 4.70 Abdur Razzak 74 24.09 4.27 24 45.66 4.75 Shakib Al Hasan 62 26.17 3.87 13 60.23 4.83 Mohammad Rafique 55 32.27 3.89 21 54.28 5.04 Yuvraj Singh 54 38.48 4.99 10 57.90 5.39 Ray Price 39 31.84 3.66 14 52.57 4.26 Ashley Giles 34 35.64 4.14 13 37.69 4.36 Nicky Boje 33 32.51 4.34 15 33.66 4.72
All ODIs only include matches involving the top 10 teams .
Browse the catalog and discover many other books !
Are you managing your content online but occasionally need a printed output ?
We can help you to build the perfect solution for technical documentation , educational material , and corporate publishing .
Are you searching for a special gift ?
Assemble a book from Wikipedia articles that really matter to your loved ones :
What cars did they drive ?
What flowers grow in their garden ?
What foods do they like ?
The possibilities are endless …
Are you planning a customized tour ?
Create your personal travel guide that contains only the destinations that you are really going to visit .
Plus : PediaPress books will work wherever you go .
Click on the book to see a preview of the typesetting and layout .
Books are sized 5.5 " x 8.5 " .
Click on a thumbnail to enlarge
“ Books made with the PediaPress service are a great asset to further the mission of Wikipedia : allow every single human being to share in the sum of all human knowledge . ” – Jimmy Wales
Check out more testimonials and find out how other customers use the book creator .
Our Guarantee Fast delivery
Your order will be produced and shipped within 2 - 3 business days ( except color books ) .
High quality typesetting and printing Your books will be manufactured in a quality indistinguishable from traditional books .
Helpful service
Our service team loves to help .
Personal , fast and competent .
Fair return policy Every order is an individual furnished item .
Nevertheless , we take ( almost ) everything back .
Read more
In a special podcast recorded in front of an audience at London 's Science Museum , and the panel explore what it means to be a genius
They let us out of the studio to spend a night in the museum ...
It was our first ever recording in front of a live audience , taking over part of London 's Science Museum to discuss the nature of genius .
Making his first appearance on this podcast was genius personified Stephen Hawking , who opened a debate on The Genius of Britain at the museum 's IMAX cinema earlier in the evening .
The theoretical physicist features in Channel 4's new TV series Genius of Britain : Scientists Who Changed the World which began on 30 May .
You 'll be able to catch up with any episodes you miss on 4oD .
We spoke to someone who could be considered a modern day genius , a man estimated to be worth more than a billion pounds , entrepreneur - inventor Sir James Dyson .
Our guest for the night , and helping us to nail the nature of genius , was psychologist Dr Kevin Dutton .
Kevin is an expert on social influence .
His new book Flipnosis is out now .
On our panel of Guardian genii were Nell Boase and science correspondent Ian Sample .
Earlier we sent them roaming around the museum 's Lates event : Nell tested her IQ , and Ian watched as the Babbage difference engine came to life .
We also handed the mic over to our audience to nominate their favourite genius and ask questions of the panel .
If you came along , thanks so much .
We would love to get your feedback on the night .
We hope you enjoyed it .
You can add your comments below or tweet @iansample , @alokjha or @scienceweekly .
Relive the night by keying #swlive .
View our pictures and upload your own to our Flickr photostream .
( You 'll need to log in and join our group ) .
Finally , our thanks to the wonderful staff at London 's Science Museum .
WARNING : contains strong language .
Follow the podcast on our Science Weekly Twitter feed and receive updates on all breaking science news stories from Guardian Science .
Email scienceweeklypodcast@gmail.com .
Join our Facebook group .
Listen back through our archive .
Subscribe free via iTunes to ensure every episode gets delivered .
( Here is the non-iTunes URL feed ) .
Gary Pfleider , a six - year veteran of the Guard , received a Purple Heart after he was shot by a sniper in Iraq .
Some time later , he received a somewhat less gratifying award : A bill for $ 3,175 for military equipment that was lost when he was shipped out of Iraq for medical treatment .
( Source : RawStory.com )
SHANGHAI — For the eighth time this year , a worker has apparently committed suicide at a factory in China operated by Foxconn Technology , the world ’s biggest contract electronics maker and a major supplier to Apple , Dell , Hewlett - Packard and other companies .
The worker , a 21 - year - old man named Nan Gang , jumped from a four - story factory after leaving work at 4 a.m.
Friday , Xinhua , the official Chinese news agency , reported .
Two other Foxconn workers have survived suicide attempts , but have suffered serious injuries .
No one has been able to explain what is happening at Foxconn .
But the events are again raising questions about the harsh regimens used by Chinese factories to produce a growing share of the world ’s goods .
Labor rights groups have called some of the deaths suspicious and have asked for an independent investigation of the two Foxconn factory sites , which together employ about 420,000 workers in Shenzhen , China .
Der Attabad - See ist ein See in Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Der
See entstand , nachdem ein am 4 .
Januar 2010 abgegangener Bergsturz den Fluss Hunza aufstaute .
Der durch den Bergsturz gebildete Staudamm liegt etwa 12 km flussaufwärts der Stadt Karimabad .
Im Mai 2010 erstreckte sich der See über eine Länge von rund 16 km .
When David Miliband became Foreign Secretary he spent £ 4,200 creating a new mission statement for the Foreign Office because the existing one – " Work for the UK 's interests in a safe , just and prosperous world " – needed " a clearer focus " and " should be more memorable " .
The result was the motto " Better World , Better Britain " .
I Direct Your Attention , Mr. Fed Chairman , to Exhibits 1 through 10 :
1. Ultra low interest rates led to a scramble for yield by fund managers ;
2 . Not coincidentally , there was a massive push into subprime lending by unregulated NONBANKS who existed solely to sell these mortgages to securitizers ;
3 . Since they were writing mortgages for resale ( and held them only briefly ) these non-bank lenders collapsed their lending standards ; this allowed them to write many more mortgages ;
4 . These poorly underwritten loans — essentially junk paper — was sold to Wall Street for securitization in huge numbers .
5 . Massive ratings fraud of these securities by Fitch , Moody ’s and S&P led to a rating of this junk as TripleAAA .
6 . That investment grade rating of junk paper allowed those scrambling bond managers ( see # 1 ) to purchase higher yield paper that they would not otherwise have been able to .
7 . Increased leverage of investment houses allowed a huge securitization manufacturing process ; Some iBanks also purchased this paper in enormous numbers ;
8 . More leverage took place in the shadow derivatives market .
That allowed firms like AIG to write $ 3 trillion in derivative exposure , much of it in mortgage and credit related areas .
9 . Compensation packages in the financial sector were asymmetrical , where employees had huge upside but shareholders ( and eventually taxpayers ) had huge downside .
This ( logically ) led to increasingly aggressive and risky activity .
10 .
Once home prices began to fall , all of the above fell apart .
REYKJAVIK — Voters here blew a loud raspberry at Iceland 's political establishment Saturday , handing victory in the capital 's municipal elections to an upstart political party that ran a blatantly satirical , humor - based campaign .
There is a new paper in Nature this week on recent trends in ocean heat content from a large group of oceanographers led by John Lyman at PMEL .
Their target is the uncertainty surrounding the various efforts to create a homogenised ocean heat content data set that deals appropriately with the various instrument changes and coverage biases that have plagued previous attempts .
We have discussed this issue a number of times because of its importance in diagnosing the long term radiative imbalance of the atmosphere .
Basically , if there has been more energy coming in at the top than is leaving , then it has to have been going somewhere – and that somewhere is mainly the ocean .
( Other reservoirs for this energy , like the land surface or melting ice , are much smaller , and can be neglected for the most part ) .
The main problem has been that over time the network of XBT probes and CTD casts has been replaced by the Argo float network which has a much greater coverage and more homogeneous instrumentation .
However , connecting up the old and new networks , and dealing with specific biases in the XBT probes is difficult .
An XBT ( eXpendable Bathy - Thermograph ) is a probe that is thrown off the ship and whose temperature readings as a function of time are transferred to a profile in depth from knowledge of how fast the probe falls .
Unfortunately , this function is a complicated one that depends on the temperature of the water , the depth , the manufacturer of the probe etc .
Various groups – working with the same basic data – have shown that there were biases in the XBT associated with incorrect calibrations and have attempted to make better corrections .
The latest paper is a consensus effort from many of the people involved in the previous work and shows how robust the recent decades warming of the ocean has been .
Indeed , the ‘ best estimate ’ for the changes in the top 700 m seems to be a greater warming than seen in the NODC data and more than even the models were suggesting :
Update ( May 2012 ) :
The scaling of the model output on the original graph was incorrect , and the graph has been replaced with a corrected version .
The original can still be found here .
One thing that is interesting to note is that the interannual variability – particularly in the transition period between the two observing systems ( 1995 - 2005 say ) is very dependent on exactly how you do the corrections , while the longer term trend is robust .
This ties in directly with comments by Kevin Trenberth in this recent paper and in an accompanying commentary to the Lyman paper that while the energy budget changes over the long term are explainable , the changes over short time frames are still very difficult to quantify .
As usual , this is unlikely to be the very last word on the subject , but this is more evidence that the planet is basically behaving as the scientists think it is .
And that is n’t necessarily good news .
A painful process ?
( Image : Gary Bistram / Rex Features )
On Tuesday 13 April , the fierce battle over abortion rights in the US took a new twist as Nebraska became the first state to restrict abortion to prevent alleged pain to the fetus .
By using this as the rationale for banning almost all abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy , the new law ( PDF ) contradicts the scientific consensus , which holds that fetuses are unlikely to be able to feel pain before 26 weeks .
It is also the boldest and most direct challenge yet to the Roe vs Wade ruling of 1973 , which gave US women almost unrestricted access to abortions .
So have there been new discoveries in fetal pain research that justify the Nebraska ruling ?
Or is the law based on a moral judgement ?
New Scientist answers your questions
Advertisement
What does the new law say ?
It forbids abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .
Are there any exceptions ?
A woman pregnant for longer than 20 weeks can still have an abortion to save her life , or if she otherwise faces a “ substantial and irreversible physical impairment of a major bodily function ” , which ca n’t include mental health .
How do these new conditions compare with the rest of the US ?
In most other states , abortions are banned only when a fetus is deemed to be old and mature enough to survive outside the womb , typically any time beyond 22 to 23 weeks .
So what ’s the evidence that 20 - week - old fetuses feel pain ?
The question of whether and when fetuses feel pain has long been debated by scientists and seized upon by opponents of abortion .
The Nebraska law lays out at least four arguments supposedly based on the science of fetal pain – but they are controversial .
Mark Rosen of the University of California , San Francisco , and co-author of a seminal 2005 review on fetal pain rebutted each one in a letter to the Nebraska legislature sent on 30 March .
Here is a summary of the claims , followed by Rosen ’s rebuttals .
Nebraska claim 1 : At 20 weeks , an unborn child “ has the physical structures necessary to experience pain ” .
Rosen ’s rebuttal :
The first brain pathways associated with pain perception “ are not complete before approximately 29 weeks of gestation ” , so although fetuses develop brain wiring from about 23 weeks onwards , the connections are not there to enable them to experience pain .
Nebraska claim 2 : There is “ substantial ” evidence that after 20 weeks , fetuses have reflex responses to evade painful stimuli which in children or adults would be perceived as pain .
Rosen ’s rebuttal :
These responses occur involuntarily through reactions by the spinal cord , and like “ knee - jerk ” responses do n’t necessarily correspond to pain .
The same responses in full - term babies occur when they ’re touched lightly , for example .
Nebraska claim 3 : Fetuses more than 20 weeks old receive anaesthesia if operated on in the womb – this must be because they feel pain .
Rosen ’s rebuttal :
In such operations , the anaesthesia is not given to kill pain but to prevent the fetus from moving , to prevent premature contractions and to stop release of hormones that might otherwise disrupt neurological development .
Nebraska claim 4 : There is “ substantial ” evidence that abortion at and after 20 weeks causes “ substantial ” pain to an unborn child .
Rosen ’s rebuttal :
The first rebuttal applies again : fetuses do n’t have the equipment to feel pain before 29 weeks .
Also , before most abortions the fetal heart is stopped by a drug – usually digoxin or potassium chloride .
The fetus can not feel pain after that .
So where did the Nebraska legislators find evidence for their claims ?
One widely cited researcher is Kanwaljeet Anand of UT Medical Group , the private practice arm of the University of Tennessee Health Science Center in Memphis .
Speaking on behalf of the US Department of Justice at a court hearing in 2004 ( PDF ) , he said that in his opinion a fetus subjected to an abortion could feel “ severe and excruciating pain ” as early as 20 weeks .
Does he stand by that ?
Yes .
He told me he believes that pain can be felt before the connections to the cortex are in place ; he thinks it is then felt in the subcortex , which matures earlier .
His rationale for this is that adults can feel pain in the subcortex even if their sensory cortex is removed .
“ The cortex is not required for pain perception in the adult , so why use it as a criterion of pain in the fetus ? ” he asks .
As to when this subcortical pain can be felt , Anand says there ’s no certainty yet .
But he says that preterm babies resuscitated at 22 to 23 weeks show “ robust ” responses to the insertion of intravenous drips and the fitting of scalp electrodes .
What do other pain specialists think ?
Most agree with Rosen – that fetuses develop the ability to sense pain somewhere between 26 and 29 weeks .
In the UK , a 1997 review concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain before 29 weeks .
Likewise , a report on abortion in 2007 by the UK House of Commons select committee on science and technology concluded that fetal pain is unlikely earlier than 26 weeks .
Coinciding with Rosen ’s 2005 review was a paper by David Mellor of Massey University in Palmerston North , New Zealand , and colleagues which concluded from work on sheep that fetuses are unconscious in a sleep - like state throughout pregnancy .
Does anyone agree with Anand ?
Sort of .
Vivette Glover of Imperial College London thinks it ’s possible fetuses feel pain at 20 weeks “ but it ’s far from certain ” .
She backs giving anaesthesia at this stage just in case .
“ But this does not justify changing the abortion time limit , where the interests of the mother may be much more important than those of the fetus , and the two have to be balanced , ” she adds .
Indeed , Maria Fitzgerald of University College London , co-author of a report on fetal pain in 1997 by the British Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , calls the Nebraska law “ completely irrational ” .
She points out that even if fetuses could feel pain at 20 weeks , “ it is irrelevant because if you wanted you could make sure there was adequate analgesia for an abortion ” .
Is there reason to think the law is politically motivated ?
According to opponents of the law , it ’s no accident this is all happening in Nebraska , because that ’s where LeRoy Carhart , a surgeon willing to do late - term abortions , practises .
“ The goal behind the legislation is quite transparent , namely , to shut down late - term abortion provider Carhart , ” says Rosen .
He suggests that Carhart might contest the bill in court and that the case could eventually make its way to the Supreme Court , where it could lead to a new ruling that overturns Roe vs Wade .
What will happen next ?
A spokeswoman from the pro-choice Guttmacher Institute in New York says that such a case would first have to be brought in a district court .
If Carhart lost , the case would have to be accepted by a court of appeals before being put before the Supreme Court .
She says that other states would probably hold fire on introducing similar legislation until these cases have run their course .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Medical Association , vol 294 , p 947
One out of every six mobile phone users have experienced " bill shock " — an unexpected jump in their monthly service fee that was not prompted by a change in their calling or texting plan .
That 's 30 million Americans all told , according to a new survey released by the Federal Communications Commission .
These nasty surprises are n't the kind of multi- thousand dollar hikes that have been making headlines in Europe and sometimes here in the United States .
" Nevertheless , we know from our consumer call center that for many , many people in this country , a jump of $ 20 or $ 30 or $ 50 on your cell phone bill is a very significant jump , " Joel Gurnin , Chair of the FCC's Consumer Task Force told reporters at a Wednesday press conference .
" We did find many people who were experiencing bill shock in the range of $ 50 or $ 100 or more . "
15 percent of these " shocks " cost consumers from $ 25 to $ 49 more on their bill , the report says .
14 percent cost from $ 50 to $ 99 .
Another 23 percent cost over $ 100 .
The survey also indicates that half of cell phone users and almost two thirds of home broadband subscribers are lost in the woods when it comes to Early Termination Fees — the price tag for dropping their plan .
Bottom line : they often do n't know how much their ETF is .
In many instances , they do n't even know that they have one .
" I think the most striking finding is that so few people know what they are , " Gurnin noted .
Did not know
The FCC commissioned Abt / SRBI and Princeton Survey Research Associates to interview 3,005 American adults about these matters from April 19 to May 2 , 2010 .
Among the report 's major findings :
17 percent of respondents ( one out of every six ) said that their cell phone bill suddenly increased , even though they had n't switched plans .
84 percent of those in the " bill shock " category reported that their mobile service did not contact them , even as they verged on exceeding their call minute , text , or data plan .
88 percent said they received no message from their carrier after the sudden increase .
54 percent of personal cell phone consumers knew that would have to pay an ETF if they quit , but 18 percent disclosed that they did not know about the fee .
21 percent of home broadband customers were aware of an ETF condition attached to their plan , but 38 percent were not .
" Among personal cell phone users who said they were subject to an ETF , 47 % did not know what the amount of the fee would be , " the study added .
" For home broadband users who said they would have to pay an ETF , 64 % did not know the amount of the fee . "
Major reasons
The survey also suggests that ETFs " may also play a role in consumer behavior " when a subscriber is trying to decide whether to switch plans .
43 percent of respondents who did know about them confided that their ETF represented a " major reason " they stayed with their current carrier .
18 percent said that paying an early fee was a " minor reason " they did n't switch services .
Another 34 % said the ETF played no role in their decision .
This is all in line with a recent Government Accountability Office report that concluded that 42 % of cell phone users do n't switch , thanks to fees .
" I think the major take home message from all of this is that people do n't know what they should know in order to be able to manage these kind of fees in the best possible way , " Gurnin told reporters .
" We do know that there are some carriers out there who are beginning to alert their customers when they 're heading into bill shock territory .
But it is certainly not yet a common practice .
We would like to see some of these best practices become universal practices . "
Reporters asked the FCC whether all this data would translate into regulations or just attempts to encourage the wireless industry to move into the " best practice " camp .
" We really can't say at this point whether this all will result in a rulemaking or voluntary standards , " Gurnin explained .
" We have begun some conversations with industry .
I think that the importance of this survey is that it gives us a common ground of understanding . "
And : " We 're really confident that we can work in a way that the industry will support that gets out information in a way that is ultimately good for everybody . "
Very troubled
Good luck with that , given the wireless industry 's response to the report .
" I am very troubled with the current direction the FCC is taking with respect to the wireless industry , " Steve Largent of CTIA - The Wireless Association , told us .
" It seems the Commission is going to attempt to micromanage what is an incredible array of choices for consumers .
From prepaid to postpaid , subsidized handsets to unsubsidized , contracts with ETFs to those without , large , medium or small buckets of minutes and ' all - you - can- use ' plans , consumers have an unbelievable range of choices . "
" Unfortunately , the Commission 's release missed an opportunity to educate consumers , " Largent added .
" Nowhere mentioned in the documents is there any information for consumers about how they can better manage their wireless usage - information that is readily available from every carrier and that has been submitted to the Commission by CTIA and carriers . "
The FCC 's materials did come with a tip sheet on dealing with ETFs , but to be fair to CTIA , the trade association may be dealing with " report shock , " following the release of the agency 's 14th wireless industry competition survey last week .
The study very conspicuously noted that over the last five years , concentration in the industry has gone up .
The two dominant providers , AT&T and Verizon , now enjoy a 60 percent chunk of revenue and subscribers , " and continue to gain share , " the compendium noted .
This might result in the FCC pressing some " policy levers " on the wireless industry , the document hinted .
Largent 's commentary lamented " the message sent last week in the Mobile Competition Report to today 's survey release . "
Reporters also asked the FCC whether the agency was going to make any effort to tabulate the size of ETFs and their impact , given AT&T 's announcement last Friday that the telco is attaching $ 325 in early fees to its iPhone .
No go on that , it seems .
" Increases in general . . .
I would n't want to single out any one company , " Gurnin explained .
" Different companies adjust their ETFs up or down .
It 's really an overall issue that we 're looking at .
Our issue is clarity and disclosure to consumers . "
The Hershey Co. will be driven to shift more Pennsylvania manufacturing jobs overseas because of artificially high sugar prices in the U.S. market and the state ’s high corporate tax rate , according to a new industry cost study by The Boyd Co .
In an interview , Boyd Co. CEO John Boyd Jr. speculated that Hershey would acquire additional overseas plant capacity through its intended acquisitions in foreign markets and then shift production from its North American plants to lower - cost countries and markets .
A key part of this shift will be to avoid markedly higher sugar prices under U.S. protectionary tariffs and quotas , Boyd said .
Candy companies with operations in the U.S. pay about 21 cents a pound for sugar , compared to about 9 cents a pound on the world market .
With the confectionery industry consolidating on a global basis and Hershey ’s rivals reaping savings overseas , Boyd said it borders on “ corporate malfeasance ” not to consider lower - cost locations for manufacturing .
“ It ’s a question of how much of a U.S. work force can be justified , ” he said .
“ How do you justify the expense ? ”
The independent industry cost study comes as Hershey Co. CEO David J. West told shareholders this month that the Derry Township chocolate company is looking to do more to realign its manufacturing and modernize its production to cut costs further and boost efficiency .
West said at the time that no decisions have been made , but he added that becoming more efficient “ could require a capital investment in our manufacturing network . ”
The unanswered question is whether that means another candy factory on foreign soil , similar to the company ’s recent move to Monterrey , Mexico .
The Mexico move was the centerpiece of a three - year global supply chain transformation for Hershey that saw the company shutter several North American plants and shed 1,500 jobs , including about 800 positions at Hershey ’s three plants in Dauphin County .
The Boyd cost study points up the benefits of Hershey ’s Mexico move , estimating that a 300 - worker , 150,000 - square - foot confectionery plant would cost about $ 19.7 million a year to run in Mexico , compared to annual costs of $ 31.2 million in Derry Township .
Hershey ’s operations in Mexico are more than three times the size of the example used in the Boyd study , so the company ’s actual savings are far higher .
Hershey recently said it stands to save $ 185 million this year from the global supply shifts .
Hershey is not a client of Boyd Inc. and did not participate in the study .
A Hershey spokesman declined comment on the study , referring instead to West ’s detailed comments to shareholders on the company ’s strategy .
On the product development side , Boyd said a major amount of research and development in the confectionery industry is centered around what he called “ functional products ” — confections and other food products that have health or wellness benefits .
This effort could lead to products such as a Hershey ’s protein bar or Reese ’s Peanut Butter Cups with Omega - 3 , Boyd speculated .
He said Hershey , along with its rivals , is seeking to capitalize on what is expected to be a profitable and fast - growing segment of the candy business .
Just as he ’s done for years , street performer “ Ibashi - i ” spreads out his rug on Pearl Street , begins contorting his body , which bends like putty , and shouts “ Showtime ! ” and “ Everybody look at me ! ”
Ibashi-i — or Milton Brown , as far as the immigration court is concerned — tempts the curiosity of passersby with the promise he ’ll contort his 6 - foot - tall , 160 - pound body into a slender tube and a 20 - inch Plexiglass cube .
His Rastafarian yoga show , which he stages almost daily on the 13th block of Pearl Street , may be no more , as Brown faces a hearing Thursday that could result in his deportation .
Over the past few years , the Caribbean native has been twice caught by police with marijuana , most recently on Jan .
1 . Federal officials — citing privacy laws — can give few details about his deportation case , and they ca n’t say whether he ’s a legal citizen .
But Brown said his deportation proceeding has been pending for months and stems from a 2007 incident when he was caught with weed by Denver police .
In the second incident , a Boulder police officer patrolling the Pearl Street Mall cited Brown , 53 , for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana .
Brown told police that somebody from his audience left the marijuana blunt in his tip bucket , and he showed the officer his application for a medical marijuana license .
He told police that smoking marijuana is part of his culture , and he accused the officer of trying to get him deported , according to the Boulder police report .
But the officer told him that since he’s in the United States he needs to abide by the country ’s laws , adding that authorities had given him a past warning .
Elaine Komis , of the executive office for immigration review , said Brown is facing “ removal proceedings ” for a “ controlled substance ” charge , which violates a stipulation of the Immigration and Nationality Act .
His hearing will be at 8:30 a.m. Thursday in the Byron G. Rogers Federal Building , 1961 Stout St. in Denver .
Thousands of Brown ’s fans have signed online petitions and joined a Facebook group in protest of his possible deportation .
Following one of his Tuesday - morning performances , Brown — dressed in his bright red athletic shorts and a Bob Marley T - shirt — said he ’s uncertain of his future .
Brown , who said he is from the Eastern Caribbean island of St. Kitts , came to Boulder nearly two decades ago .
He said he ’s the father of four children in Colorado .
“ I think I ’m a good value for the community , ” he said .
“ I ’m the only performer who stays here all year . ”
Ultimately , he said , it ’s “ up to him , ” as he pointed to the sky .
Laurel Herndon , executive director of the Immigrant Legal Center of Boulder County , said society has become more accepting of marijuana use .
Meanwhile , immigration law is arcane and “ mired in a viewpoint that is completely out of touch with our community , ” she said .
Gia Stockton , 23 , who works in the downtown shop Buddhas and Goudhas , started a Facebook group and online movement to gain support for Brown after the busker brought his anti-deportation petition into her shop .
“ Boulder is known for Pearl Street , ” Stockton said .
“ And when people come from all over the world , he ’s one of the main attractions .
He ’s friendly .
He ’s happy .
He ’s talented . ”
More than 3,500 people have joined the Facebook group , which calls Ibashi-i a Boulder icon .
Additionally , 1,125 people have signed an online petition advocating that he not be deported .
Brown ’s Colorado arrest record includes a misdemeanor domestic violence charge in 1998 and some failure - to - appear - in - court charges .
Contact Camera Staff Writer Brittany Anas at 303-473-1132 or anasb@dailycamera.com .
Established in 2007 , the SuperSmart Grid Team has experienced incremental evolution in its scope and area of interest .
From the very beginning we have focused our work on two broad and closely interconnected questions : whether actors in Europe seek to achieve 100 % renewables ( possibly in cooperation with North Africa ) ( energy acceptance block ) and how , Europe , alone or in cooperation with others , can achieve the infrastructure necessary to generate and integrate 100 % renewables ( policy block ) .
Recently we concentrate on issues related to the societal acceptance of energy infrastructure development and “ the need ” definition regarding such projects .
Our main focus is the enhancement of stakeholder participation in energy infrastructure projects with the aim to improve the decision - making process .
To achieve not only academic results we cooperate with a broad range of stakeholders , including business , NGOs , academia and politics .
As a strongly interdisciplinary team we are also involved in researching a broader range of topics connected to the energy sector : social forms of market designs , governance of energy technologies , energy security aspects of the energy transition , more sustainable and social welfare indicators , the importance of discourse in shaping energy solutions , stakeholders - based knowledge production , the business - state relations and the EU ’s climate and energy policies ( especially the framework till 2030 and the idea of the Energy Union ) .
Focused around these issues , our research is problem - driven and strongly transdisciplinary , at the intersection of political science , policy analysis , international relations , sociology , public management , engineering and economics , rather than being rooted in one research discipline alone .
This means that the research we conduct addresses a wide range of issues , drawing on methods from different disciplines and contributing to the corresponding theories .
In this sense , our research approach matches the changing role of science in society , where scientific results are more and more expected to be directly applicable – in our case policy relevant .
Team :
Antonella Battaglini
Saskia Ellenbeck
Andreas Beneking
Andrzej Ceglarz
Associated :
Peter Schmidt
Jon Lilley
Publications
Projects ( ongoing and finished )
AfroCyberPunk has now moved to a permanent home at http://www.afrocyberpunk.com.
For a while , it seemed that cyberpunk was dead .
The Internet counterculture of the West went mainstream faster than anyone could have predicted and the grim forecast of the cyberpunk movement became a self - defeating prophecy .
Many dark realities were prevented from coming to be .
Far from the sinister age of corporate dominance many envisioned , the digital era has liberated an entire world of individuals from obscurity , empowering them beyond their wildest dreams .
However , this power did n’t come without regulation .
The surveillance capabilities of the West have been well orchestrated to secure a significant degree of control over its citizens ’ virtual lives .
Its law enforcement continually strives to gain jurisdiction over the ever - expanding boundaries of Net , making it a far stretch from the lawless frontier cyberpunk predicted .
But here in Africa , development has been dangerously asymmetrical .
By the time any product hits our soil it ’s already fully - developed and ready to be abused by the imagination .
Technology designed for vastly different societies invariably trickles down to our streets , re-sprayed , re-labeled , and hacked to fit whatever market will take it .
Regulation ?
You can forget about regulation .
Whatever rules the creators imagined fly out of the window as freighters are crammed to bursting with the second - hand remains of their creations , damn wherever they ’re heading as long as they can be cleared from port .
Similarly , the Net ’s architecture fails to reflect the reality on our continent as the expansion of cyberspace exceeds the reach of our road networks .
How do you track someone who does n’t have a social security number or a physical address ?
Someone who never really made it onto the Grid ?
It ’s no surprise then that lawlessness is the rule on our end of the networks , ‘ do what thou wilt ’ the full extent of cyber - regulation .
This will remain the case as long as Africa continues to wear hand - me - down systems ; until she acquires her own truly tailor - made networks .
With the huge logistical frameworks that need to be implemented , spanning vast swathes of geographical terrain , political regimes , and language barriers , a cyberpunk future for Africa seems all but inevitable .
And even if we manage to overcome these hurdles , cyberpunk can never really die .
There ’s just too much human nature embedded within its code – it thrives on uncertainty and unpredictability , on severe human limitations juxtaposed with the radical and unlimited power of our own technology .
It will always find a home somewhere on this planet until we collectively reach Utopia – if we ever do – whenever society grapples with brave new technology .
We have not seen it ’s last .
Cyberpunk will be reborn .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
There was a great disturbance in the amusement park force this weekend , as Disney revealed that the closing dates for its 20 - year - old Star Tours ride would be July 27 ( Disneyland ) and September 8 ( Walt Disney World ) .
Advertisement
But do n't fret too much , young padawans , as the Star Tours rides are set to be replaced with a much grander , much more modern 3D pod racing version in May 2011 .
Still , even though Star Tours was pretty dated , it will be sad to see the original go .
Glad I got to experience it once a few years ago before it 's gone for good .
[ Gadling ]
favorite favorite favorite favorite
Even though at some moments this book is somehow difficult to understand for lay readers like me , it is , nevertheless , a very important denounce of the superficiality in which many philosophers of his time accepted the dogmas and tenants of the Christian religion .
It also does well in pointing to the falacies and true motives of certain groups who make use of religion as a weapon to control , distort and subjugate the masses .
I recommend its reading to any interested in knowing why Nietzsche was and is still not so welcomed in certain religious and philosophical circles .
As an additional observation , it would have been great if all the volunteers reading the book would have shown a more professional attitude when reading some of the chapters ; some of them read way too fast and even misread some words from the text .
- October 5 , 2015 Excellent work by Nietzsche
A restaurant in Thailand is playing it safe ... and has created a replica of Tiger Woods made entirely of condoms .
The life - size statue is all part of a safe sex and birth control program , but unlike some of Tiger 's alleged mistresses ... this eatery is strictly no glove , no love .
Thanks to our friends at sportsbybrooks.com for giving us the , er , heads up on this pic .
I worked with Imaginary Forces Los Angeles as lead artist on the title sequence to the Stars television show ‘ Black Sails ’ .
This intro was nominated for an Emmy for best title in 2014 .
More information : ART OF THE TITLE
Warning this is a highly confronting video
At 11 miles out we saw a visible sheen on top of the water , heavy streaking was evident at about mile 15 .
Mile 26 we began to see solid oil on top of the water .
With a heavy sheen and numerous streaks at mile 34 .
Mile 87 , Ground zero .
My first view of the sight was one of tremendous impact .
I 'll never forget the scene .
These are not small boats , while standing at a dock looking at them they look like large ships .
They 're dwarfed in comparison to what I see on the horizon :
Nothing but a red mass of floating goo .
That could have been prevented and should have been prevented .
I was horrified when I looked and saw how many boats there were on the horizon that did n't seem to be doing anything at all that was effective .
Going around in circles , small boats , with Booms on the back of 'em , sent out to gather up oil in what looked like teacups compared to the horizon .
We counted 30 boats in the pictures .
All floating around while this stuff was headed for shore .
No -body seemed to be able to do anything about it .
For the first time in my Environmental career I found myself using the word hopeless .
We can't stop this .
There 's no way to prevent this from hitting our shorelines .
The best I think we can do is minimize the impact .
Learn from our mistakes .
We have to have fuel , we have to have gasoline .
The price we 're paying now is far too expensive .
Safety measures that could have prevented this were not in place .
It 's time for our government to step up to the plate .
And take responsibility for what 's happening on the shores of our country .
Several Waterkeeper programs along the coast have already been impacted and many more are expecting landfall .
Along with other environmental groups up and down the coast it should be mentioned that this is not only an environmental disaster , but a social disaster as well .
Fisherman out of work , Oyster shuckers , no work .
People working the docks .
All up and down the coast people are cancelling reservations .
Fishing boats are not going out .
The economic impact to this event will be incredible and be felt for decades to come .
No one knows if the fishing will ever recover .
No one knows if the Gulf will ever heal from this .
One thing for certain .
We must learn from the mistakes that have been made here .
This cannot happen again .
The Gulf appears to be bleeding .
will we ever be able to stem the tide ?
Will we ever be able to put a stop to this ?
Will the Gulf ever heal ?
As far as you can see on the horizon now , there 's these mats of this reddish pink sheen .
It was easy to find our way back to shore .
All we had to do was follow the red .
There was a perfect line of it leading from the rig towards the shore line .
Here right off Ship Island and Horn Island , we found sheen behind the islands and in the sound .
Preparation had been made , but will it be enough ?
Dolphin Island in Alabama , we saw sheen coming ashore at the far end of the island .
That was on May the 7th .
On May the 8th , they found Tar Balls .
http://bpoilslick.blogspot.com
http://www.waterkeeper.org
==========================================================================
10 days ago I wrote a diary on this spill , calling on BP to release any video or photos of the leak at the bottom of the ocean of the leaking pipe and well .
Gulf Gusher -
Where are the photos ?
My reasoning behind this was that the initial estimates which BP had released , 1,000 barrels per day were off by a factor of 5 and they had not revised them upwards .
In fact they had argued against this .
But they would know how much oil is coming from the gusher , they have plenty of robots scouting around down there and experts who calculate flow rates .
It 's a difficult job , but people are paid good money to do it .
Since that original estimate the media has not received an official update from BP .
It has stayed at 210,000 gallons per day , 5,000 barrels .
And piping which has uncontrolled fluid , sand and rock flowing through it erodes away .
And they have video :
CNN reports about lack of video
The other two excuses from BP the report mentions is that the video has n't been released because it's a matter of priorities , and that the people fixing the leak are busy and they do n't want to bother them with releasing a video .
Plus there are sites such as SkyTruth who have estimated the flows are five times worse than this at 26,500 barrels .
We estimate this well is leaking at a rate of 1.1 million gallons ( 26,500 barrels ) per day .
We have also found out that
the rig workers who were told they could n't call their families until they 'd signed forms stating I was not injured as a result of the incident or evacuation , to the fishermen whose contracts for the " Vessels of Opportunity " jobs included a waiver of their right to sue , all touched by the spill meet the lawyers first .
BP tries to get Louisiana fishermen to sign indemnification waivers
Fishermen in Louisiana , whose livelihoods are on the line after the catastrophic BP oil spill , are desperate for cash .
According to this report , hundreds appear to have been tricked into signing documents swearing that they will " hold harmless and indemnify ... release , waive and forever discharge the BP Exploration and Production , Inc. , its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , directors , regular employees , and independent contractors ... from all claims and damages " arising from helping to clean up the mess BP made .
That
Transocean : Received $ 401 Million Insurance Recoveries So Far
And that the booming being deployed is good for a photo op , but probably not much else :
Fishgrease : DKos Booming School
An important diary which shows that the booming operation appears to be just for show .
There is a control and containment operation going on here , but appears it has little to do with protecting the people , the fishing grounds , the marine life , the tourist industry , the oyster shuckers and truck drivers , the respiratory systems of Gulf Coast kids as the oil evaporates .
The containment and control operation is mostly a legal , media , political and financial liability one .
The reason I asked for those photos , is not because I wanted BP to feel uncomfortable but so that everyone could see for themselves what they were up against .... and prepare .
For from the outset my fear was not that this would be something akin to the response during Katrina , but something different than that .
My fear was that the response required here was one which needed to match that seen on 9/11 .
Through these CYA ( cover your ass ) activities , the false impressions created including the spraying of the exiting oil with dispersants to sink it just below the surface :
Dispersants suspend oil in the top 3 feet of the water column .
That 's where 80 % of marine life lives as babies .
But you can't see it there from a satellite or a helicopter .
That what we are seeing on the surface of the slick is like what we 'd see of an iceberg .
With most of the slick , maybe 80 % + below the surface and the dispersants used to sink the rest .
Except this time it is an oilberg .
Had these organizations told the truth from the outset , been completely honest in their dealings with the public , my bet is Americans would have seen through the ordinary media spin and recognized this for the dire threat which has been created .
That at the very least they would have had the opportunity to respond accordingly .
The very worst thing they have done by containing and controlling the media fall out by not being completely transparent , will be that they took away that choice from Americans .
These companies made the decision on how Americans would react for them , by controlling the perception of how bad this actually was .
And for that , I would think they probably will not forgive .
==========================================================================
Sky Truth have a site where people can upload information and keep track of the impact this gusher is having on the American shore line .
Please tell people you know in the area about this site as from where I stand , trusting what you are seeing coming from the normal spin machine , the MSM , has to be taken with a grain of salt .
Gulf Oil Spill Tracker
YEREVAN ( Hurriyet ) — A planned project to rebuild the ruins of an historical Armenian bridge that once connected the two shores of the Arpa River is being accelerated , the Armenian head of a monuments preservation organization in Turkey was quoted by the Hurriyet Daily as saying on Thursday .
The announcement comes after the effective collapse of talks between Armenia and Turkey aimed at normalizing relations and opening borders .
Gagik Gyurjian , the Chairman of the International Council of Monuments and Sites , said that despite the “ negligible progress ” in the rapprochement between Turkey and Armenia , “ cultural representatives from both countries have been quietly restoring shared heritage important to both . ”
The bridge , located in the ancient city of Ani , is situated on the current Armenian - Turkish border in the eastern province of Kars .
The ruins have been deteriorating at an accelerated rate since the end of World War I , when Turkey cleansed the region ’s indigenous Armenian population through genocide .
“ We can collaborate with non-governmental organizations away from the shadow of politics .
We do not need to wait for the opening of borders for a peace passage , ” Gyurjian was quoted by Hurriyet as saying .
“ Our cultural artifacts have been destroyed up until this point and our traces have been denied , ” he added .
“ They are Armenian cultural artifacts , but they now form part of the richness of Turkey . ”
Echoing Gyrujian ’s sentiments , Armenian Monuments Awareness Project President Richard Ney said the bridge should become an international symbol for world peace passage rather than just a link between Turkey and Armenia .
“ The protection of the region around Ani is important because of the role the area played historically .
As a fulcrum of the Silk Road , Ani was more than a capital for Armenia , ” he said .
“ It was also a center of international trade and a city of peace .
In its heyday , Arabs and Europeans , Christians and Muslims lived in peace and prosperity .
Ani was truly an international city . ”
Facebook , for those of you who do n't know , currently has a rule in place that limits users to 5,000 friends or less .
And according to the New York Times , this is a serious bummer for certain people .
Advertisement
I 'm used to cringing while reading the Times '
Style section , so I can't say I was surprised by the amount of eye - rolling and wincing that accompanied my reading of today 's entry into Style files : " Are 5,001 Friends Too Many ? "
The piece , written by Aimee Lee Ball , focuses mainly on the woes of Facebook - using men who feel that the 5,000 friend limit is holding them back from being as popular as they can be .
The men , who range from professors to CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin , complain about the pressures of reaching 5,000 , and how they have to cull their friend lists just to stay under the limit .
It becomes clear , in reading the article , that many of the " friends " collected by the subjects of the piece are actually students or fans , and the men are using Facebook as a tool to promote projects , which is typically how a Facebook " fan " page — which comes without friend limits — is set up to work .
Yet none of these men seem thrilled about the idea of switching over into the " fan " realm , and at least one of the men , Chris Brogan , claims that he finds the concept of a personal fan page embarrassing , noting , " " I feel like Sally Field : ‘ You like me , you really like me . ' "
Interestingly enough , Brogan also tells the Times that his current Facebook " friend " list , which stands at 4,801 , is a reversal of his school day popularity status : " I went through school with little popularity , and no one was proud to be my friend .
Now it 's a strange badge to wear . "
Translation : " I do n't want to get a fan page because I want to keep believing that all 4,801 of my current Facebook friends are actually my real friends , and I want everyone I went to school with to believe that too . "
Advertisement
The saddest part of the article , to me , anyway , is that the men involved seem to believe that people are impressed by their high Facebook friend counts .
Is anyone really impressed by such a thing anymore ?
Were they ever ?
Anyone who knows anything about social networking can easily spot the difference between someone who actually interacts with the thousands of followers on their list and someone who simply " collects " friends to appear popular in some weird attempt to validate themselves in adulthood following a not - so - popular adolescence .
The entire Times piece was just another embarrassing way for these dudes to remind everyone that they 're popular — too popular , even — and that we should all care very much about their inability to handle the raging crowds who want nothing more than to friend them .
These dudes are desperate for the limit to be lifted , and it 's fairly obvious why : 5,000 friends , I guess , still are n't enough to fill whatever hole was created in middle school .
No Religion at School Berlin Court Rules Against Muslim Student Prayers
Last year a Berlin court ruled that the 16 - year - old Muslim could pray in a private room at his school .
Now a higher Berlin court has overturned that judgement , saying the prayers could disturb school peace .
When Francois Robert unexpectedly acquired a human skeleton in the 1990s , he knew he had to do something wonderful with it .
Several years later when the economy collapsed and he found himself with time on his hands , Robert finally settled on a project : powerful anti-war images spelled out in human bones .
Bones , whether animal or human , always evoke powerful emotions .
They represent death , loss , destruction , a sense of sad history .
Francois Robert is no stranger to these images and emotions : he once spent five weeks photographing 140 animal skulls from the Field museum of Natural History .
He ’s always been fascinated by bones , so it ’s no surprise that he spent all of 2008 rearranging them into evocative sculptures .
The project started when the photographer found an old educational skeleton in a locker purchased at a school auction .
He displayed it in his studio for years but always wondered what else he could do with it .
He eventually came up with the idea to take the skeleton apart and use the bones to create these unique and hauntingly beautiful works of art .
The series of photographs is entitled “ Stop the Violence , ” and it uses human bones as a reminder of the consequences of violence .
Each sculpture is five to six feet wide and took Robert a full day to assemble .
The images are all grippingly powerful : weapons , religious symbols and words that bring to mind the destruction that is left behind after war .
Many of us are shocked at the simple sight of human bones .
The built - in emotional factor of the bones is only amplified by Robert ’s arrangements .
But the artist is always careful to maintain a sense of respect for the bones ; this human on the floor of his studio is a very real reminder of what is left behind when a light is extinguished .
An Israeli nuclear whistleblower who spent 18 years in prison is going back to jail .
Mordechai Vanunu was taken into custody on Sunday for violating the conditions of his 2004 release , which include a ban on meeting foreigners .
His lawyer says Vanunu has a Norwegian girlfriend .
The prison service says he is to serve three months .
Vanunu was a low - level technician at a nuclear plant who leaked details and pictures of the operation to the Sunday Times of London in 1986 .
Foreign experts who reviewed the material concluded that Israel had a formidable nuclear arsenal .
Israeli intelligence agents kidnapped him in Rome and brought him back to Israel to stand trial .
Israel has never acknowledged or denied having nuclear weapons .
Cristian Kongsgaard of Denmark looks at the ball as he returns a service to Jun Mizutani of Japan during their men's teams group C match at the 2010 World Team Table Tennis Championships in Moscow
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Hopedale , La .
The warm , soft winds coming in off the gulf have lost their power to soothe .
Anxiety is king now — all along the coast .
“ You ca n’t sleep no more ; that ’s how bad it is , ” said John Blanchard , an oyster fisherman whose life has been upended by the monstrous oil spill fouling an enormous swath of the Gulf of Mexico .
He shook his head .
“ My wife and I have got two kids , 2 and 7 .
We could lose everything we ’ve been working all of our lives for . ”
I was standing on a gently rocking oyster boat with Mr. Blanchard and several other veteran fishermen who still seemed stunned by the Deepwater Horizon catastrophe .
Instead of harvesting oysters , they were out on the water distributing oil retention booms and doing whatever else they could to bolster the coastline ’s meager defenses against the oil making its way ominously and relentlessly , like an invading army , toward the area ’s delicate and heartbreakingly vulnerable wetlands .
A fisherman named Donny Campo tried to hide his anger with wisecracks , but it did n’t work .
“ They put us out of work , and now we ’re cleaning up their mess , ” he said .
“ Yeah , I ’m mad .
Some of us have been at this for generations .
I ’m 46 years old and my son — he ’s graduating from high school this week — he was already fishing oysters .
There ’s a whole way of life at risk here . ”
Berkeley hosted its own version of a tea party protest Sunday afternoon , complete with pots of tea and a heavy dollop of civic disobedience .
Rogue knitters encamped along the Berkeley - Oakland border with lawn chairs , tea cakes and knitting projects to protest the city of Berkeley 's order that they remove an 8 - foot knitted tea cozy they sewed over the T in a public sculpture they believe insults Oakland .
" Berkeley always thinks it 's the best and gives Oakland a bad rap .
Berkeley always feels so entitled , " said protest knitter Kate Freeman , a recent nursing school graduate who was raised in Oakland but now lives in Berkeley .
" I was n't surprised when they told us to take down the tea cozy . "
The sculpture depicts two 8 - foot - tall steel words , " Here " and " There , " facing each other near the BART tracks at Adeline Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Way just north of the Oakland border .
The work is a riff on writer Gertrude Stein 's famous description of Oakland , her hometown , as having " no there there . "
Stein 's comment referred to the bittersweet knowledge that one can never return home again , but generations of Oakland bashers have interpreted it as a pithy slam on the Bay Area 's most underappreciated city .
As a response , proud Oaklanders have dotted the city over the years with signs and flags proclaiming " There . "
The " Herethere " sculpture was commissioned by Berkeley 's civic arts commission in 2002 at a cost of $ 50,000 , apparently with advance notice given to Oakland 's cultural arts commission , according to Berkeley 's office of economic development .
The sculpture , installed in 2005 , is by artists Steve Gillman and Katherine Keefer , who , at the time , lived in Oakland .
On its Web site , Berkeley described the artwork as " a whimsical and literary welcome to those entering Berkeley ... poetic message of hello and goodbye ( to ) provide a sense of place . "
Sculpture called divisive
But Oaklanders never quite took to it , perceiving the " There " as patronizing and insulting , many said Sunday .
" It seemed kind of surprising for a city supposedly as progressive as Berkeley to put up a sculpture as divisive as ' Here ' and ' There , ' " said protester Emily Jan , a graduate student in art who lives in Oakland .
" A lot of us from Oakland look at that sign and think , ' For real ?
We 're ' There ' ?
OK , fine . "
Finally , last month , the knitters who frequent the Knit One One shop across the street from the sculpture ( in Berkeley ) , decided they 'd had enough .
About 20 knitters gathered their leftover yarn and created a giant tea cozy to pull over the " T " in " There , " so both halves of the artwork would read , " Here . "
Wearing masks and working at night , they stitched the multicolored cozy over the T and awaited the response .
The public seemed to like it - many stopped by the yarn shop to say thanks , said owner Sile Convery .
Subversive , creative fun
" It brings a smile to people 's faces , " she said .
" People seem to love the slightly subversive , fun , creative quality to it .
It seems to bring people together . "
The city of Berkeley did not look so kindly at the knitters ' handiwork .
Last week , a city employee visited the yarn shop and ordered the knitters to remove the cozy because tampering with public art is against the law .
Berkeley officials , as well as the artists , did not return phone calls Sunday .
The rogue knitters refuse to remove the cozy .
Eventually , the sun and rain will disintegrate the wool , cotton and acrylic yarn , but meanwhile , they plan to guard it from authorities .
Neighbors had mixed reactions .
Irv Staats , who lives in Berkeley , stopped by to take a picture for his wife .
" It gives the sculpture a little spice , " he said .
" But if you 're a purist about art , it should be taken down .
Berkeley 's become more and more conservative than it used to be , especially about art . "
Janie Gardner , a retired licensed vocational nurse who 's lived in Berkeley 65 years , said she 'd never noticed the sculpture before .
" I 'm not sure I understand what this all means , " she said .
" But I do n't think we should be looking down our noses at anyone . "
So much for all the Labour rhetoric about how only a vote for Labour could keep the Tories out of power .
Turns out Labour was quite willing to see David Cameron become Prime Minister as you can see from tonight ’s statement from ‘ a Liberal Democrat spokesperson ’ :
It is clear that the Labour Party never took seriously the prospects of forming a progressive , reforming government with the Liberal Democrats .
Key members of Labour ’s negotiating team gave every impression of wanting the process to fail and Labour made no attempt at all to agree a common approach with the Liberal Democrats on issues such as fairer schools funding for the most deprived pupils and taking those on low incomes out of tax .
It became clear to the Liberal Democrats that certain key Labour cabinet ministers were determined to undermine any agreement by holding out on policy issues and suggesting that Labour would not deliver on proportional representation and might not marshal the votes to secure even the most modest form of electoral reform .
It is clear that some people in the Labour Party see opposition as a more attractive alternative to the challenges of creating a progressive , reforming government , not least in the context of a Labour leadership election campaign .
NEW YORK / DENVER ( Billboard ) - Seeking information on possible price fixing in the digital music marketplace , the U.S. Department of Justice contacted the legal departments of the major record labels as part of an initial inquiry into Apple , sources tell Billboard .
The DOJ also spoke with a number of digital music services .
The inquiry into iTunes was first reported by the New York Times .
That story said the DOJ was examining allegations that Apple had strong - armed labels from participating in rival music seller Amazon ’s Daily Deal program .
Amazon ’s Daily Deal launched in June 2008 , but it became the subject of iTunes ’ ire last summer when the Seattle - based merchant pushed for labels to make new releases available on the Monday before the Tuesday “ street date ” of official release .
In September , iTunes began grumbling about that promotion to the major labels , but the big pushback began when Island placed Mariah Carey ’s “ Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel ” in the promotion a day before its September 29 , 2009 , release .
In January , iTunes extended its vocal displeasure about Amazon to the independent community when Vampire Weekend ’s “ Contra ” was the Daily Deal on January 11 , selling at $ 3.99 a day before its official street date .
Earlier this month , according to sources , the DOJ reached out to the majors to learn whether Apple ’s clout in the marketplace could affect pricing .
Since the featured album in Amazon ’s Daily Deal usually sells for the low prices of $ 3.99 - $ 5.99 , as opposed to the almost standard $ 9.99 for digital albums , any attempt to discourage labels from participating in the Amazon promotion might be construed as price fixing , sources say .
The DOJ “ cares a lot when monopolies do things that keeps prices high , ” a source familiar with the DOJ conversations says .
“ The conversation with Justice has nothing to do with Amazon getting ( music ) early .
It has everything to do with whether iTunes is trying to control pricing . ”
MARKET DOMINANCE
While iTunes has significant market share , it ’s not a monopoly .
Overall , iTunes had 26.7 percent U.S. market share last year , which translates into 65.5 percent of digital market share , Billboard estimates .
For a la carte download sales , its U.S. presence is overwhelming , with an estimated 93 percent market share .
In contrast , Amazon ’s MP3 store had an overall 1.3 percent market share , which translates into about 5 percent of U.S. market share for a la carte downloads , while Walmart ’s MP3 store has an estimated 0.17 percent of overall market share , or 0.6 percent of downloads .
Earlier this month , according to press reports , the Federal Trade Commission and the DOJ were considering investigating the rules Apple places on iPhone application developers , specifically those rules requiring developers to use the Apple programing tools rather than those from third parties .
Doing so would mean apps created for the iPhone could work only on the iPhone , and developers would have to create separate apps for other devices .
The DOJ reacted similarly to Microsoft ’s dominance in the late ‘ 90s , claiming the company was using its Windows operating system to get an unfair advantage in the browser wars .
Apple ’s market capitalization reached $ 222 billion this month , overtaking rival Microsoft to become the world ’s largest technology firm and the second - largest company of any kind in the United States behind Exxon - Mobil .
So far the DOJ has asked only to speak with the legal departments of the record labels , and has n’t sought any documentation on the topic at hand .
In the mid- and late ‘ 90s , when the FTC explored the music industry ’s involvement in price fixing , the inquiry blossomed into a full - scale investigation in which numerous label sales and distribution executives were deposed .
In addition , the FTC demanded and received what at the time was described as “ tractor - trailer ” loads of documentation , including e-mails .
If the iTunes inquiry moves to the investigation stage , the DOJ might have a hard time getting documentation .
According to sources , practically all iTunes communications on the topic have been verbal , and iTunes executives have n’t detailed their position to all the labels .
Apple , Amazon , the DOJ and the major labels all declined to comment for this story .
Digital retailer eMusic confirmed that it had received a phone call from a federal regulator but declined further comment .
All Original Content © Bart 's Blackboard .
The Simpsons © FOX and its related entities .
John Adams argues that our irrationality about comparative risks depends on the type of risk :
With “ pure ” voluntary risks , the risk itself , with its associated challenge and rush of adrenaline , is the reward .
Most climbers on Mount Everest know that it is dangerous and willingly take the risk .
With a voluntary , self - controlled , applied risk , such as driving , the reward is getting expeditiously from A to B .
But the sense of control that drivers have over their fates appears to encourage a high level of tolerance of the risks involved .
Cycling from A to B ( I write as a London cyclist ) is done with a diminished sense of control over one ’s fate .
This sense is supported by statistics that show that per kilometre travelled a cyclist is 14 times more likely to die than someone in a car .
This is a good example of the importance of distinguishing between relative and absolute risk .
Although 14 times greater , the absolute risk of cycling is still small — 1 fatality in 25 million kilometres cycled ; not even Lance Armstrong can begin to cover that distance in a lifetime of cycling .
And numerous studies have demonstrated that the extra relative risk is more than offset by the health benefits of regular cycling ; regular cyclists live longer .
While people may voluntarily board planes , buses and trains , the popular reaction to crashes in which passengers are passive victims , suggests that the public demand a higher standard of safety in circumstances in which people voluntarily hand over control of their safety to pilots , or to bus or train drivers .
Risks imposed by nature — such as those endured by those living on the San Andreas Fault or the slopes of Mount Etna — or impersonal economic forces — such as the vicissitudes of the global economy — are placed in the middle of the scale .
Reactions vary widely .
They are usually seen as motiveless and are responded to fatalistically – unless or until the threat appears imminent .
Imposed risks are less tolerated .
Consider mobile phones .
The risk associated with the handsets is either non-existent or very small .
The risk associated with the base stations , measured by radiation dose , unless one is up the mast with an ear to the transmitter , is orders of magnitude less .
Yet all round the world billions are queuing up to take the voluntary risk , and almost all the opposition is focussed on the base stations , which are seen by objectors as impositions .
Because the radiation dose received from the handset increases with distance from the base station , to the extent that campaigns against the base stations are successful , they will increase the distance from the base station to the average handset , and thus the radiation dose .
The base station risk , if it exist , might be labelled a benignly imposed risk ; no one supposes that the phone company wishes to murder all those in the neighbourhood .
Less tolerated are risks whose imposers are perceived as motivated by profit or greed .
In Europe , big biotech companies such as Monsanto are routinely denounced by environmentalist opponents for being more concerned with profits than the welfare of the environment or the consumers of its products .
Less tolerated still are malignly imposed risks — crimes ranging from mugging to rape and murder .
In most countries in the world the number of deaths on the road far exceeds the numbers of murders , but far more people are sent to jail for murder than for causing death by dangerous driving .
In the United States in 2002 16,000 people were murdered — a statistic that evoked far more popular concern than the 42,000 killed on the road — but far less than the 25 killed by terrorists .
I did n’t think I was looking for a lot in an IDE .
Turns out what I want is impossibly hard to find .
In the past 6 months I ’ve tried ( or tried to try ) :
Komodo Edit
Eclipse w/ PyDev
PyCharm ( from the first EAP build to … yesterday )
Wingware
Textmate
Wingware
First , let ’s get Wingware out of the way .
I ’m on a Mac , and if you ’re not going to develop for the Mac , I ’m not going to pay you hundreds of dollars for your product .
Period .
I do n’t even use free software that requires X11 .
Lemme know when you figure out that coders like Macs and I ’ll try Wingware .
Komodo Edit
Well , I wanted to try the IDE but I downloaded it , launched it once for 5 minutes ( maybe less ) , forgot about it , and now my trial is over .
I ’ll email sales about this tomorrow .
In the meantime , I use Komodo Edit .
Komodo Edit is pretty nice .
One thing I like about it is that it does n’t really go overboard forcing its world view down my throat .
If I ’m working on bunny , which is a one - file Python project I keep in a git repository , I do n’t have to figure out their system for managing projects .
I can just “ Open File ” and use it as a text editor .
It has “ ok ” support for Vi key bindings , and it ’s not a plugin : it ’s built in .
The support has some annoying limitations , but for about 85 % of what I need it to do it ’s fine .
One big annoyance is that I can’t write out a file and assign it a name ( e.g. ‘:w /some/filename.txt ’ ) .
It ’s not supported .
Komodo Edit , unless I missed it , does n’t integrate with Git , and does n’t offer a Python console .
Its capabilities in the area of collaboration in general are weak .
I do n’t absolutely have to have them , but things like that are nice for keeping focused and not having to switch away from the window to do anything else , so ideally I could get an IDE that has this .
I believe Komodo IDE has these things , so I ’m looking forward to trying it out .
Komodo is pretty quick compared to most IDEs , and has always been rock solid stable for me on both Mac and Linux , so if I ’m not in the mood to use Vim , or I need to work on lots of files at once , Komodo Edit is currently my ‘ go - to ’ IDE .
PyCharm
PyCharm does n’t have an officially supported release .
I ’ve been using Early Adopter Previews since the first one , though .
When it ’s finally stable I ’m definitely going to revisit it , because to be honest … it ’s kinda dreamy .
Git integration is very good .
I used it with GitHub without incident for some time , but these are early adopter releases , and things happen : two separate EAP releases of PyCharm made my project files completely disappear without warning , error , or any indication that anything was wrong at all .
Of course , this is git , so running ‘ git checkout - f ’ brought things back just fine , but it ’s unsettling , so now I ’m just waiting for the EAP to be over with and I ’ll check it out when it ’s done .
I think for the most part , PyCharm nails it .
This is the IDE I want to be using assuming the stability issues are worked out ( and I do n’t have reason to believe they wo n’t be ) .
It gives me a Python console , VCS integration , a good class and project browser , some nice code analytics , and more complex syntax checking that “ just works ” than I ’ve seen elsewhere .
It ’s a pretty handsome , very intuitive IDE , and it leverages an underlying platform whose plugins are available to PyCharm users as well , so my Vim keys are there ( and , by the way , the IDEAVim plugin is the most advanced Vim support I ’ve seen in any IDE , hands down ) .
Eclipse with PyDev
One thing I learned from using PyCharm and Eclipse is that where tools like this are concerned , I really prefer a specialized tool to a generic one with plugins layered on to provide the necessary functionality .
Eclipse with PyDev really feels to me like a Java IDE that you have to spend time laboriously chiseling , drilling , and hammering to get it to do what you need if you ’re not a Java developer .
The configuration is extremely unintuitive , with a profuse array of dialogs , menus , options , options about options and menus , menus about menus and options … it never seems to end .
All told , I ’ve probably spent the equivalent of 2 working days mucking with Eclipse configuration , and I ’ve only been able to get it “ pretty close ” to where I want it .
The Java - loving underpinnings of the Eclipse platform simply cannot be suppressed , while things I had to layer on with plugins do n’t show up in the expected places .
Add to this Eclipse ’s world - view , which reads something like “ there is no filesystem tree : only projects ” , and you have a really damned annoying IDE .
I ’ve tried on and off for over a year to make friends with Eclipse because of the good things I hear about PyDev , but it just feels like a big hacky , duct - taped mess to me , and if PyCharm has proven anything to me , it ’s that building a language specific IDE on an underlying platform devoted to Java does n’t have to be like this .
When I finally got it to some kind of usable point , and after going through the “ fonts and colors ” maze , it turns out the syntax highlighting is n’t really all that great !
A quick word about Vi key bindings in Eclipse : it ’s not a pretty picture , but the best I ’ve been able to find is a free tool called Vrapper .
It ’s not bad .
I could get by with Vrapper , but I do n’t believe it ’s as mature and evolved as IDEAVim plugin in PyCharm .
So , I ’ll probably turn back to Eclipse for Java development ( I ’m planning on taking on a personal Android project ) , but I think I ’ve given up on it for anything not Java - related .
Vim
Vim is technically ‘ just an editor ’ , but it has some nice benefits , and with the right plugins , it can technically do all of the things a fancy IDE can .
I use the taglist plugin to provide the project and class browser functionality , and the kicker here is that you can actually switch to the browser pane , type ‘/’ and the object or member you ’re looking for , and jump to it in a flash .
It ’s also the most complete Vim key binding implementation available 😉
The big win for me in using Vim though is remote work .
Though I ’d rather do all of my coding locally , there are times when I really have to write code on remote machines , and I do n’t want to go through the rigmarole of coding , pushing my changes , going to my terminal , pulling down the changes , testing , failing , fixing the code on my machine , pushing my changes , pulling my changes … ugh .
So why not just use Vim ?
I could do it .
I ’ve been using Vim for many years and am pretty good with it , but I just feel like separating my coding from my terminal whenever I can is a good thing .
I do n’t want my code to look like my terminal , nor do I want my terminal to look like my IDE theme .
I ’m SUPER picky about fonts and colors in my IDE , and I ’m not that picky about them in my terminal .
I also want the option of using my mouse while I ’m coding , mostly to scroll , and getting that to work on a Mac in Terminal .
app is n’t as simple as you might expect ( and I ’m not a fan of iTerm … and its ability to do this comes at a cost as well ) .
MacVim is nice , solves the separation of Terminal and IDE , and I might give it a more serious try , but let ’s face it , it ’s just not an IDE .
Code completion is still going to be mediocre , the interface is still going to be terminal - ish … I just do n’t know .
One thing I really love though is the taglist plugin .
I think if I could just find a way to embed a Python console along the bottom of MacVim I might be sold .
One thing I absolutely love about Vim , the thing that Vim gets right that none of the IDEs get is colorschemes : MacVim comes with like 20 or 30 colorschemes !
And you can download more on the ‘ net !
The other IDEs must lump colorscheme information into the general preferences or something , because you ca n’t just download a colorscheme as far as I ’ve seen .
The IDE with the worst color / font configuration ?
Eclipse – the one all my Python brethren seem to rave about .
That is so frustrating .
Some day I ’ll make it to PyCon and someone will show me the kool - aid I guess .
The Frustrating Conclusion
PyCharm is n’t soup yet , Wingware is all but ignoring the Mac platform , Eclipse is completely wrong for my brain and I do n’t know how anyone uses it for Python development , Komodo Edit is rock solid but lacking features , and Komodo IDE is fairly pricey and a 30 - day trial is always just really annoying ( and I kinda doubt it beats PyCharm for Python - specific development ) .
MacVim is a stand - in for a real IDE and it does the job , but I really want more … integration !
I also do n’t like maintaining the plugins and colorschemes and *rc files and ctags , and having to understand its language and all that .
I do n’t cover them here , but I ’ve tried a bunch of the Linux - specific Python IDEs as well , and I did n’t like a single one of them at all .
At some point I ’ll spend more time with those tools to see if I missed something crucial that , once learned , might make it hug my brain like a warm blanket ( and make me consider running Linux on my desktop again , something I have n’t done on a regular ongoing basis in about 4 years ) .
So … I do n’t really have an IDE yet .
I * did * however just realize that the laptop I ’m typing on right now has never had a Komodo IDE install , so I ’m off to test it now .
Wish me luck !
I was browsing the PSN for psp demoes to play on a trip tomorrow .
But since there are so few demoes to download , I would just browse all games , and stop at those that did n't have a price , or was marked with " free " .
Suddenly I saw Midnight Club 3 : DUB Edition for free .
At first I though ; " Oh , there 's a demo of that ? "
But I did n't see " demo " in the title .
The download is really big though ( 955 MB ) , so it 's hard to say what it is .
And if it 's a free game , hopefully someone else here will be overjoyed .
It 's halfway through here , so I 'll give an update when I 'm done .
Unless someone here downloads a lot faster with their psp than me .
OMG ! XD
That was pretty awesomeness - totally surreal too . :)
Perhaps he was referring to Miles " Tails " Prower .
XD
It was kind of creepy when he said , " this is how you wake up . "
There was one dream where I thought I was in a comatose state and I ended up gasping and waking up all of a sudden , because I thought that everything that had happened over a period of maybe seven years or something was just a dream .
Or that maybe I was dead and / or dying .
Not sure which .
Like on a deathbed .
It was pretty freaky .
But kind of cool when I realized what was going on - which was after I woke up . :)
Pretty neat dream too . :O
By most accounts , Conan O’Brien made a very good deal at TBS .
But on Deal Or No Deal , a contestant who takes the banker ’s offer gets to open the suitcase on the table to see if he indeed made a good deal .
O’Brien never got to see what was in Fox ’s suitcase waiting for him at the meeting that were to be held today but was thwarted by the Monday announcement of the comedian ’s deal with TBS for a new late - night talk show .
Here ’s a peek at what was inside .
Sources said that in addition to a nightly talk show on FX , the proposal included O’Brien hosting the Emmys every time the awards show airs on Fox as well as primetime specials on the broadcast network and a show on Super Bowl Sunday when the football event is on Fox .
This marks the second time in six years that O’Brien jilted Fox after flirting with the idea of launching a late - night show there .
But the circumstances are far different .
Back in 2004 , Fox had been planning its play for the “ Late Night ” host , whose contract with NBC was coming up , for a long time and had laid the groundwork , getting the 11 p.m. time slot cleared and everyone on board with the idea .
This time around , because O’Brien ’s availability was so sudden and unexpected , Fox did n’t have its ducks in a row to attempt another late - night show launch .
There were three major obstacles that the company and its affiliates could n’t overcome :
The financial impact from stations having to break the long - term off - network contracts for the comedy series airing from 11 PM - midnight , which was estimated to be “ many millions of dollars . ”
The potential effect on the landscape in late fringe that would ’ve left the Tribune stations with a monopoly on running off - network comedies in the 11 PM hour .
The losses News Corp. ’s syndication division Twentieth Television would ’ve incurred by not having an hour of prime station real estate on Fox stations available for its series .
While there was a strong creative support for an O’Brien - hosted talk show at Fox , there was less enthusiasm on the financial side .
The network searched for people within the Fox station groups to champion the plan but could n’t find any as station owners felt O’Brien ’s appeal might be too narrow for a major broadcast network .
Ultimately , a deal did n’t make sense for either side :
Fox could n’t make the numbers work and O’Brien could n’t get what he wanted – a nightly talk show that he owns and that airs in pattern around the country .
So , following the Monday ’s announcement of O’Brien ’s TBS deal , the Fox affiliates largely ignored the topic at their meeting with Fox brass Tuesday at NAB .
After touching upon the subject for about two minutes , the two sides proceeded with discussing the network ’s fall sports schedule , spectrum and retransmission consent fee issues ( Fox has been pressing its affiliates to share the retransmission fees they are getting from cable and satellite providers ) as well as the Mobile TV venture announced the same day at NAB .
The venture , called Pearl Mobile DTV Company , includes 12 TV station groups , Belo , Cox , Fox , Gannett , Scripps , Hearst , ION , Media General , Meredith Corp. , NBC , Post - Newsweek and Raycom , joining forces to provide content and spectrum for a national mobile DTV service .
ARTHUR :
So how good was Lubomir Visnovsky ?
The Ducks were 8 - 5 - 3 in the Month of Lubo ( March 6th - April 6th ) , but many of those games were played without Wisniewski ( and obviously all of them without Ryan Whitney ) , so it 's hard to go by team record .
What about the basic stat line ?
GP G A Pts +/- PIM PPG PPA Hits GvA TkA SOG MsS 16 5 8 13 -6 4 1 5 5 13 11 53 18
The - 6 is rough , and there are no isolated Corsi ratings available , but Visnovsky logged two multiple minus efforts over his month with the team : a 5 - 2 win against Colorado and a 4 - 5 overtime loss to Vancouver .
Other than that , the number is a factor of several - 1 efforts , but that 's nothing special on this Ducks team .
The PIM came in the form of a Hooking penalty against the Islanders and an Interference penalty against the Sharks .
Other than those negatives , it 's all good stuff here , especially over a 16 - game sample .
Lubo had a game winning goal , three multi-point efforts and one seven shot night against Nashville .
In fact , the blueliner posted 4 or more shots in half of his 16 games in an Anaheim uniform .
Getzlaf , by comparison , recorded 4 or more shots in 35 % of his starts this season .
More after the jump ...
Lubo was a horse down the stretch , logging 24.9 shifts per game and the longest shift average on the team with 63 seconds .
His time on ice per game was 25:59 , with 20:17 at even strength , 5:09 on the power play and 0:33 shorthanded .
He played that time on the usual Randy Carlyle rotisserie , but he most often found himself in an even strength pairing with Sheldon Brookbank or Aaron Ward .
His primary partner on special teams was , of course , Scott Niedermayer .
Lubo's 25:59 per game was key for anyone worried about his ability to replace a player 6 years his junior in Whitney .
The 6 ' 4 " blueliner averaged 24:33 per game for the Ducks , and Visnovsky was averaging only 20:45 per game in Edmonton .
But Lubo came through with a five minute jump AND two more minutes of power play time per game than Whitney had produced .
It 's a significantly smaller sample size , but Visnovsky seems up to the challenge of a Carlyle corps .
It would be a gross understatement to say that Visnovsky " seems to be working out . "
The defenseman is fostering forgiveness amongst a fanbase scorned by Bob Murray 's recent blueline decisions , be they Whitney , Wisniewski , Boynton or the decision to be Sbisa - free .
But I , for one , have trouble giving Murph too much credit for this .
His pro scouting interest in the OIlers seemed to lay with Ethan Moreau just a month earlier , so Darryl Sutter 's decision to come a -calling for Vesa Toskala ( and his hefty salary ) may have been the driving force behind getting this deal done .
So , I guess I 'm saying ' Thank you , Darryl .
Thank you for Lubomir Visnovsky . "
By Rhonda Swan
Palm Beach Post
The statistic is glaring .
Florida has nearly 60 percent of the nation 's juvenile offenders serving life sentences with no parole for crimes that did not involve taking a life .
Of the 129 nationwide , 77 are in Florida prisons .
This is the only state to sentence youths to life without parole for burglary , battery , and carjacking .
All other juveniles serving life without parole for non-homicides committed kidnapping and rape .
These facts were omitted from many of this week 's reports about the Supreme Court 's ruling to end life without parole sentences for juveniles who do n't kill .
As was the fact that 84 percent of the juveniles so sentenced in Florida are black .
The decision was prompted by the case of Terrance Graham .
He was 16 when Duval County Circuit Court Judge Lance Day sentenced him to life without parole for an armed burglary in which no one was hurt .
Graham had a record , so Judge Day thought that he should lock him up and throw away the key .
" Given your escalating pattern of criminal conduct , " he told Graham , " it is apparent to the court that you have decided that this is the way you are going to live your life and that the only thing I can do now is to try and protect the community from your actions . "
The Supreme Court ruled that Graham 's sentence was cruel and unusual punishment because it gave the young man no hope of gaining freedom .
That hope , wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy , should be afforded to all juveniles convicted of non-homicide crimes .
They should not have a guarantee of release , but they at least should have the possibility of another chance .
Florida , however , is not big on giving chances .
Since the state must now decide how to comply with the court 's ruling , it 's a good time to reexamine its system of justice .
The state 's get - tough response to crime with minimum mandatory and harsh sentences has n't worked .
Florida has the third - highest prison population with more than 101,000 inmates , a 20 percent increase from 2005 .
The Pew Center on the States reported last month that while the country overall saw a decline in the number of state prisoners for the first time in 37 years , Florida was one of 24 states that saw an increase .
One reason is the state 's failure to invest in educational , vocational and substance - abuse treatment programs that have proven to reduce recidivism and help inmates turn around their lives .
For this fiscal year , the Legislature appropriated $ 2.2 billion to the Department of Corrections .
Only 1.2 percent went to inmate programs .
If prisons lack the resources to do nothing more than breed better criminals , they help inmates to reenter prison , not society .
Business groups in Florida agree , and support a different approach .
In the Supreme Court 's ruling , Justice Kennedy wrote that rehabilitation is " a penological goal that forms the basis of parole systems . "
For juveniles , those most likely to learn from their mistakes and change , life imprisonment without parole " forswears altogether the rehabilitative ideal , " he wrote .
" By denying the defendant the right to reenter the community , the state makes an irrevocable judgment about that person 's value and place in society . "
Some juveniles are beyond help .
Justice Kennedy , however , pointed out that judges and juries can not determine beforehand which youngsters those are .
The court ruled that states must give juvenile offenders the chance to prove they have been rehabilitated , thus candidates for release .
It follows that states also must provide the resources for those offenders to become rehabilitated .
Ironically , Florida lawmakers had the chance this year to implement a parole system for inmates serving life who committed crimes as juveniles .
The Second Chance for Children in Prison
Act died last month in committee .
Because of the Supreme Court ruling , maybe some of those juvenile offenders who deserve a second chance wo n't have to die in prison .
Please read the opinions here :
The ruling in Graham v. Florida
The order in Sullivan v. Florida
SANTA ANA – The owner of a Lake Forest marijuana dispensary has been arrested on charges of illegally selling marijuana and laundering the profits through banks .
Mark Gregory Moen , 50 , Westminster , is the owner - operator of 215 Agenda , a marijuana dispensary on Raymond Way in Lake Forest , according to a news release from the Orange County District Attorney ’s Office .
He was charged with 38 counts of money laundering , one count of possession of money over $ 100,000 obtained from illegal sales of marijuana , three counts of the sale of marijuana , one felony count of possession of marijuana for sale , and a sentencing enhancement for money laundering over $ 150,000 .
Moen also faces two sentencing enhancements for crime - bail - crime because he was out of custody on bail for felony burglary charges in Orange County from October 2006 and felony transportation of more than $ 25,000 obtained as the result of illegal drug sales in Mendocino County in June 2009 , prosecutors said .
If convicted on all counts , Moen faces a maximum sentence of 39 years in state prison .
He is being held on $ 500,000 bail and must prove the money is from a legal and legitimate source before posting bond .
Robert Adams Moody , 23 , Mission Viejo , a manager and operator of the dispensary , was also arrested and charged with sales of marijuana , possession of marijuana for sale , and cultivating marijuana .
He faces a maximum sentence of eight years in state prison if convicted .
Marco Enrique Verduzco , 23 , Foothill Ranch , another manager of 215 Agenda , was charged with sales of marijuana and possession of marijuana for sale .
If convicted , Verduzco faces a maximum sentence of six years and eight months in state prison .
The three defendants are accused of selling marijuana to any person with a physician ’s recommendation , without any relationship to the purchaser and without requiring or requesting them to participate in collectively or cooperatively cultivating marijuana , according to the news release .
All three pleaded not guilty on Monday .
California law allows qualified patients with a physician ’s recommendation and their primary caregivers to “ collectively or cooperatively … cultivate marijuana for medical purposes , ” according to section 11362.775 of the state ’s health and safety code .
“ We do n’t believe that was occurring in this situation , ” said Jeff Schunk , a deputy district attorney who is prosecuting the case .
“ We believe the way they were selling marijuana was illegal . ”
215 Agenda and another Lake Forest dispensary were raided Nov. 13 by Orange County Sheriff ’s Department investigators with search warrants .
Investigators seized financial records including receipts , buyer sheets , member lists and check stubs from 215 Agenda and The Health Collective , looking for evidence that the two dispensaries were profit - making businesses and not nonprofit collectives , records and interviews showed .
On Sept. 30 , Moen was stopped for a traffic violation while driving in Huntington Beach , prosecutors said .
He was found to be in possession of more than $ 145,000 in cash .
Moen told a Huntington Beach police officer that the money was the proceeds of eight days worth of sales at 215 Agenda , according to a search - warrant affidavit filed by investigators in connection with the Nov. 13 raid .
A phone call to 215 Agenda went unanswered on Monday afternoon .
An advertisement for 215 Agenda has appeared in the OC Weekly , according to the District Attorney ’s Office , that reads , “ FREE MARIJUANA
First time patients receive a free edible and a pre-roll with mention of this ad , ” and “ We carry the Best Weed in the entire World ! ”
Moen and Verduzco were arrested Friday at 215 Agenda by investigators from the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department .
Moody was arrested in a nearby store .
Moen is separately facing charges in a 2006 commercial burglary of a business in Santa Ana , Schunk said .
Moen was linked to that crime by DNA evidence and charged in 2009 , Schunk said .
He has pleaded not guilty and was free on $ 20,000 bond , online court records show .
Register staff writer Salvador Hernandez contributed to this report .
Contact the writer : 714-704-3705 or agalvin@ocregister.com
An international team of scientists has created a highly pathogenic laboratory hybrid of the H5N1 bird flu and human seasonal flu viruses by swapping just one gene , and propose that a similar genetic interaction could happen in nature between the current pandemic H1N1 swine flu and H5N1 avian flu strains , highlighting the importance of continued surveillance .
A report of the study by senior author is Dr Yoshihiro Kawaoka , professor of pathobiological sciences in the School of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Wisconsin - Madison in the US , and colleagues , appeared online before print on 22 February in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , PNAS .
Based on reported statistics , once it infects humans , the H5N1 bird flu virus kills humans at a much higher rate than the H1N1 swine flu virus circulating amongst us in the current global pandemic .
According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , as of 21 December 2009 , H5N1 had spread worldwide among bird populations and caused 447 confirmed human cases and 263 deaths .
When two different virus strains infect the same host , they often exchange genes , a process known as reassortment .
A significant number of experts are concerned that as H5N1 spreads more widely and infects more people , it will come across more hosts who are also carrying human seasonal flu viruses .
This increases the likelihood of a new strain emerging that has the severity of the bird flu virus and the infection rate of the swine flu virus , leading to a new global pandemic with much deadlier consequences than the one we are experiencing at the moment .
To evaluate the potential of such a scenario , using laboratory mice and “ reverse genetics ” , Kawaoka and colleagues experimented with creating 254 combinations of reassortant viruses of avian H5N1 and human H3N2 influenza viruses , both of which are currently circulating among the same populations .
Unlike previous studies that found lab hybrids had always been less virulent than parent strains , the researchers in this study found some hybrids were more pathogenic than the original H5N1 virus .
In one case in particular , where they introduced a single gene segment from human H3N2 seasonal flu virus into avian H5N1 , it produced a highly pathogenic form of bird flu .
Kawaoka said the study raised fresh concerns about the emergence of a highly virulent and contagious strain of avian flu :
“ H5N1 virus has never acquired the ability to transmit among humans , which is why we have n’t had a pandemic .
The worry is that the pandemic H1N1 virus may provide that nature in the background of this highly pathogenic H5N1 virus , ” he said
Kawaoka suggested that because of the swine flu pandemic people have sort of forgotten about H5N1 avian flu .
“ But the reality is that H5N1 avian virus is still out there , ” he said , adding that :
“ Our data suggests that it is possible there may be reassortment between H5 and pandemic H1N1 that can create a more pathogenic H5N1 virus . ”
He and his colleagues tested the pathogenicity of 75 reassortant H5 viruses in mice and found that 22 were more pathogenic than the parental virus , and three were “ extremely virulent ” .
The increased virulence appears to come from a gene segment called PB2 , which is known to affect how well the bird flu virus grows in human and other mammals .
The authors wrote that :
“ We found that the presence of Tok07 PB2 protein in the ribonucleoprotein ( RNP ) complex allowed efficient viral RNA transcription in a minigenome assay and that RNP activity played an essential role in the viability and replicative ability of the reassortant viruses . ”
They concluded that these results suggest :
“ Reassortment between an avian H5N1 virus with low pathogenicity in mice and a human virus could result in highly pathogenic viruses and that the human virus PB2 segment functions in the background of an avian H5N1 virus , enhancing its virulence . ”
The researchers said it was very important to continue surveillance and monitoring all situations where it might be possible for avian and human flu viruses to interact and create new highly pathogenic reassortant viruses .
The discovery of the PB2 gene segement as a possible enhancer of virulence could be very helpful should a pandemic strain emerge .
The study was supported by grants from the US National Institutes of Health , the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science , the Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology of Japan , and the Japan Science and Technology Agency .
“ Reassortment between avian H5N1 and human H3N2 influenza viruses creates hybrid viruses with substantial virulence . ”
Chengjun Li , Masato Hatta , Chairul A. Nidom , Yukiko Muramoto , Shinji Watanabe , Gabriele Neumann , and Yoshihiro Kawaoka .
PNAS , published online before print 22 February 2010
DOI:10.1073/pnas.0912807107
Source : University of Wisconsin-Madison .
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
newswire article reporting portland metro police / legal Portland Officer Faces Retaliation After Raising Concerns About Nice author : eve Portland Police officer Thomas Brennan was transferred to the property warehouse five days after going to the media with his concerns about Sergeant Kyle Nice .
Brennan believed his sergeant to be under too much stress to be working the streets , and recommended that he be removed from his usual duties .
Portland Police officer Thomas Brennan was transferred to the property warehouse five days after going to the media with his concerns about Sergeant Kyle Nice .
Brennan believed his sergeant to be under too much stress to be working the streets , and recommended that he be removed from his usual duties .
This was in response to an interaction that occurred when police received a call about two houseless men playing music outside of Huber 's Restaurant .
Brennan says that he had already convinced the two men to move along when Nice showed up and began yelling that they were not free to leave .
Nice proceeded to yell at the two men and , from Brennan 's account , use harsh language and threaten the two men with arrest .
Brennan 's response to the interaction at Huber 's was to notify his precinct commander about his concerns that Nice was unstable and should n't be allowed to continue interacting with the public , due to his erratic behavior and overreaction .
Brennan 's concerns were ignored , so he sent an email to two city commissioners and the media .
The Portland Police Department 's retaliation against Brennan for breaking the thin blue line has been swift .
In June 2006 , Brennan 's wife was groped by his sergeant while off - duty at a co-workers birthday party .
Brennan 's transfer to the property evidence warehouse is also a testament to the way officers who file complaints are treated ; no other uniformed officer has ever before held that position .
Brennan was also suspended from the honor guard .
Brennan has a police record that includes being nominated for DUII Officer of the Year .
Sgt. Kyle Nice was just recently involved in pulling a gun on an unarmed motorist while off - duty .
Nice was also one of the officers involved in the death of James Chasse in 2006 .
Brennan by no mean embodies a " good cop . "
However , his case illustrates the internal functions of police departments that prevent " good cops " from ever existing .
The Portland Police Bureau claims to have made a thorough investigation of both the incident occurring outside of Huber 's and the complaint filed by Brennan about the sexual harassment of his wife .
However , the investigation over the Huber 's incident did not include interviewing either the two houseless men involved or any witnesses to the event .
The gross oversight and incomplete investigation conducted by the Portland Police Bureau is a testament to their true motivations when it comes to police violence .
If they were truly concerned about the safety of all Portland citizens , the investigation would have been thorough , quick and resulted in some sort of disciplinary action .
Instead , the officer who has yet to be involved in something as brutal and unwarrented as the death of James Chasse is working in a warehouse and the officer with a long list of brutality complaints is free to interact with the citizens of Portland at will .
Everyone from the bottom of the barrel to those on top , including Police Chief Rosie Sizer , is turning a blind eye to the gross inconsistencies within the Bureau .
Even during a time of extreme public scrutiny after the death of Aaron Cambell in January 2010 , the Bureau is behaving in completely unacceptable ways .
Brennan did exactly what the system says that you are supposed to do : file a complaint , talk to your supervisor , trust in the system .
Instead , the system protected those at fault .
This is why we have police officers that pull the trigger instead of speak .
This is why Aaron Cambell is not eating dinner with his family right now .
This is why Jack Collins is dead .
The community must control the police , instead of the police controlling the community .
If you wish to read the corporate media 's version of the events , it can be found here : link to www.oregonlive.com contribute to this article
contribute to this article add comment to discussion view discussion from this article
A USEFUL test for an outsider trying to analyse an argument is to assume that one side is right and then to work out the consequences .
If an analysis of eggshells conclusively proves that an egg is better opened at the big end rather than the small one , what follows ?
And if the assumption is reversed , how bad would it be to have got it wrong ?
Eggshells , as Jonathan Swift so bitingly observed in “ Gulliver 's Travels ” , are not worth getting cross about .
The cost of a lifetime spent opening eggs incompetently is a small amount of wasted time and some spilled yolk .
At the other extreme , take the question of whether Iran has nuclear weapons : get that wrong and you may either see Israel wiped off the map , or , alternatively , a catastrophic and unnecessary pre-emptive strike on Iran .
Walking on eggshells
This column 's recent attempt to look at the name dispute between Greece and its northern neighbour ( FYROM to the Greeks , Macedonia to the locals ) became the most - commented article ever to appear on the Economist website .
A second column , which highlighted some similar issues in the post - communist world ( and suggested that they might be overblown ) , was a runner - up .
At the risk of provoking ruptured spleens all round , here is a third attempt , using the principle outlined in the first paragraph .
What if the Greeks are right ?
What if the other camp is right ?
In each case , does it matter ?
The Greek case ( crudely stated ) is that Macedonia is a title properly belonging a ) to ancient Macedonia and b ) to the northern Greek province that bears that name .
Communist Yugoslavia applied the label to its southern province ( which in fact speaks a dialect of Bulgarian ) as a provocation , in the aftermath of the Greek civil war .
If it were to accept “ Macedonia ” as a name for the former Yugoslav republic , Greece would legitimise that communist name - grab and lay itself open to territorial claims , or even terrorism .
It stubbornly refuses to allow its northern neighbour 's application for European Union and NATO membership to proceed until it budges on the name issue .
Assume Greece 's argument is right .
Would it matter ?
The globe is studded with ancient , buried hatchets involving names and places ( which came first : Bretagne or Grande - Bretagne ?
Who cares ? )
Logically preposterous toponyms are the rule , not intolerable exceptions .
So set aside that argument , unless you are trying to drum up business for map publishers .
Nor does the argument about dangerous irredentism stand up .
As a relatively big country , and a member of the EU and NATO , Greece can scarcely plead persecution from its small northern neighbour .
The last 20 years show that expanding the EU and NATO is the best way of making troubled neighbourhoods safer .
But even if there is a danger of terrorism from Skopjean extremists , how should it be contained ?
By including Macedonia in western clubs , prosperous and , with luck , well governed ?
Or by keeping it weak , divided and isolated ?
So even if the Greeks are right , the course of action looks wrong .
What of the Macedonian / FYROM side ?
Assume its most hardline protagonists are right : that they are the heirs to an ancient civilisation , whereas Greece is an ethno - nationalist bully with fascist undertones that oppresses a Slavic minority in the north .
If that 's true , then the EU and others ought to be more worried than they are .
But it has little bearing on the name of the northern neighbour .
On that basis , the verdict is clear .
If the Skopje authorities are right , then withholding recognition of their name is an outrage .
If they are wrong , even if they are silly and provocative , it is not worth breaking eggshells to set them right .
Giving them their favoured name costs less than Greece claims , and has big benefits , for everyone , in increased stability .
Claudette Habesch ( right ) and her friend Ruthie reminisce over their childhood in Jerusalem .
One was allowed to stay the other forced from her home .
By Paul Wood
BBC News , Jerusalem
Claudette Habesch stood at the gate of what had once been her family house , tears in her eyes as she pointed to the garden shaded by a large date palm .
" It was beautiful , a lot of fun , a lot of happiness , " she said , recalling an Arab childhood spent in Jerusalem before her family fled in 1948 .
" ( Then ) there was the foundation of the state of Israel - on my own homeland , on my own home . "
About half of something like 750,000 Arabs left and about half were expelled - so in a way both narratives are right
Tom Segev
Historian
As a little girl , she often used to wonder " who is sleeping in my bed , who is playing with my dog ? "
For Jewish Israelis , 1948 is celebrated as the year their war for independence was brought to a successful conclusion .
For Arabs , Israel 's birth meant the " Nakba " or " catastrophe " when about 700,000 Palestinians were displaced and dispossessed - which is being marked and remebered this week .
" We had two bombs here in the back garden , " says Mrs Habesch .
" My father had to take us out for our physical security .
" We did not go out of here willingly and we were not able to come back . "
' Both right '
The Israeli narrative of 1948 says the Palestinians left of their own accord ; the Arab narrative says they were forced out .
Key background : Refugees
The Israeli historian Tom Segev says the truth is somewhere in between .
" About half of something like 750,000 Arabs left and about half were expelled - so in a way both narratives are right , " he told me .
" The basic dream of the Zionist movement was to have maximum land with minimum population , " he went on .
" When the war broke out it was obvious to everybody , whoever wins would expel parts of the population .
That was because 1948 was not the beginning of the conflict . "
Rights Looking around her former garden , Mrs Habesch bumped into her childhood friend , Ruthie , a Jewish woman .
She still lives in a small house in the grounds which her parents had first rented from Mrs Habesch 's family before 1948 .
The two women , both now in their 60s , swapped stories of hiding among the dahlias while male visitors to the house smoked nargila ( water - pipe ) outside .
This is my home - and I go out as a stranger .
Why ?
I need someone to explain to me
Claudette Habesch
" She has the right to live here .
I do n't grudge her this , " said Mrs Habesch as we left .
" I do n't want to throw anyone out on the streets but I have to have people recognise the right to my property . "
There were more tears as she declared : " This is my home - and I go out as a stranger .
Why ?
I need someone to explain to me . "
Returns Mrs Habesch says she is going to court to establish ownership - not that she has much chance of success .
The 1948 refugees and their descendants are now said to total some 4.7 million people .
The Israelis says that if all were allowed to come back it would mean the end of their country as a Jewish state .
That is why the " right of return " is one of the seemingly insoluble issues of the peace process .
Under any future peace deal , Israel might allow a symbolic number of " family reunifications " , probably just a few thousand .
So with or without a peace agreement , very few of those who left in 1948 and their descendants will be back to claim their property .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
April 3 , 2010
Earlier this year , as the government began to roll out in force its dangerous and intrusive naked body scanners at airports around the country , we were told the machines are unable to save images .
For instance , the claim is made in the Associated Press report below .
The Assocated Press reports TSA workers cannot save scanner images .
The TSA admits , however , that the machines are capable of saving and transmitting images .
As it turns out , the machines can save images .
This was confirmed in a letter sent to Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security , at approximately the same time the government claimed the machines are safe and cannot save images .
In fact , this ability is a government requirement .
“ TSA requires AIT machines to have the capability to retain and export imagines ( sic ) only for testing , training , and evaluation purposes , ” states a TSA letter dated February 24 , 2010 and signed by Gale D. Rossides , Acting Administrator .
The machines indeed store and transmit images .
According to Rossides , however , this ability is limited to engineers , training contractors , and “ Z ” level users .
“ Z ” level users are described as select lab personnel from the TSA ’s Office of Security Technology .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The images are apparently also sent to the TSA ’s Threat Mitigation Lab .
It was not “ Z ” level employees , however , who printed a naked image of Indian film star Shahrukh Khan .
It was security personnel at Heathrow Airport in London .
Security at British airports , of course , is not run by the TSA .
But the incident proves the machines can be used to print images and , as the TSA admits , transmit them .
Do you believe the government when it claims only lab techs and training instructors have access to these images ?
Is it possible the images are accessed by the NSA and other super - secret intelligence agencies and included in biometric dossiers kept by the government ?
Is the Pope Catholic ?
Read the entire letter in PDF here .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A 46 - year - old woman has fallen to her death from a high - rise on the Gold Coast , in south - east Queensland .
Her body was found this morning at the base of a high - rise at Cavill Avenue in Surfers Paradise .
Police say the woman accidentally fell as she was trying to climb over to a friend 's balcony .
They say it appears the woman was in the habit of climbing over the balcony instead of using the corridor .
An investigation is underway .
THE LIST : Sportsmail 's 50 English flops of the season - The top 10
The end of another dramatic league season is nye and for what seems like the umpteenth season in succession , Chelsea and Manchester United will do battle for the Premier League crown after Arsenal ’s bid was ended by Wigan in dramatic fashion on Sunday .
Some teams and characters will not have reason to look back over this campaign with any great fondness , and the time seems right for us to examine those that have had disappointing terms at the office .
From Rafa Benitez ’s turbulent campaign at Liverpool , to Richard Keys ’ on - air howler , we ’ll remind you of the gaffes that have shaped the season .
We 've been counting down throughout the week , and today we reveal our top ten .
As ever , we 'd love to hear your opinions .
10 Mido
Mido :
Has n't impressed at West Ham this season
This was meant to be the deal of the decade , heralding a new attitude from players and clubs alike .
Mido joined West Ham on a £ 1,000 - per - week contract .
Many noted that plumbers earn more .
But money has never been his motivation - he comes from one of the richest families in Egypt .
So why has the former Tottenham and Middlesbrough striker tried his luck again in the Premier League ?
It is certainly not goals , or staying fit .
He ’s made a paltry nine appearances and his goal tally is zero .
A number similar to the amount of fans he has made at Upton Park .
9 Wigan at White Hart Lane
You ’re 1 - 0 down at half - time , the manager has some simple words : ‘ Hang in there , lads .
Nick a goal back and you never know - we could win this . ’
Now I ’m not privy to what Roberto Martinez said to his Wigan players at White Hart Lane but nothing could have prepared his charges for the eight - goal onslaught they faced .
Jermain Defoe bagged five as Spurs ran riot , and there was even an own goal when David Bentley ’s free - kick bounced in off Chris Kirkland ’s head .
What went wrong lads ?
Wigan were thrashed 9 - 1 at White Hart Lane in November
8 Liverpool fan throwing beach ball
In a season of calamities for Liverpool , the least you want is the fans on your side .
Nope , they have n’t been able to manage that either .
Granted , there was no malicious intent when a young Liverpool fan inflated a beach ball , with the club ’s insignia on it , and punched it on to the playing surface .
But then …
Sunderland striker Darren Bent 's shot was heading towards Pepe Reina but struck the inflatable , altered course and bounced past the stranded keeper .
Sales of beach balls in the Manchester area have been very healthy ever since .
Life 's a beach : Darren Bent 's shot deflects past Pepe Reina
7 Rob Shoebridge
It does n’t take much to get Neil Warnock ’s heart racing .
Or his mouth motoring , come to mention it .
But can you blame him for becoming a little hot under the collar after the ‘ phantom goal ’ at Bristol City ?
Crystal Palace dominated the match and Freddie Sears , on loan from West Ham , scored a perfectly decent goal in the 30th minute which hit the back of the net and bounced back out .
But as the Eagles celebrated , referee Shoebridge awarded a goal - kick .
Warnock exploded : ‘ I do n't know how the referee did not see it .
The players knew it was a goal , their manager knew it was a goal and they could have done something about it - let us go up the other end and score or something . ’
To make matters a whole lot worse , City scored a 90th minute winner .
Ouch .
Howler : Referee Rob Shoebridge
6 Alberto Aquilani
Season to forget : Alberto Aquilani
In what has been a season to forget for Liverpool , it is no surprise that the club have four entries in the top 10 - here ’s the second .
Aquilani’s £ 20 million move was confirmed on August 7 - with the Italy international being ear - marked as the natural replacement for Xabi Alonso .
But the Anfield masses had to wait 12 weeks to witness him make his league debut and his progress since then has been anything but impressive .
To date he has made just 15 top flight appearances and has a solitary goal to his name .
5 Garry Cook
The Manchester City chief executive has earned a fearsome reputation during his time at Eastlands .
Not for the right reasons though .
He suffers from what is known as Foot in Mouth Syndrome .
Foolishly , he guaranteed Mark Hughes ’ job - he even announced to a crowd of 600 City fans that former player Uwe Rosler was to be inducted into the Manchester United Hall of Fame .
But our favourite was this quote to City supporters in New York that it was a case of : ‘ Not if but when we are at Wembley having beaten Manchester United yet again . ’
Oops : Manchester City chief executive Garry Cook just can't stop putting his foot in his mouth
4 Rafa Benitez
This was meant to be the year for Liverpool , the end of their two decade long wait for the league title .
But the back - pedalling the club have done this term has been embarrassing .
Out of the Champions League before Christmas , dumped out of the FA Cup by Championship side Reading and at no stage have they looked like troubling the upper echelons of the Premier League .
With Rafa on the rack , he was even forced into ‘ guaranteeing ’ the club would finish in the top four - a promise which looks certain to come back and haunt him .
What 's going wrong ?
Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez has endured a difficult season
3 Portsmouth 's owners this season
When the season is over and Portsmouth fans put their finger on where it all went wrong , not many of them will look further than the club ’s FOUR owners .
Pompey are now in administration and have suffered the accompanying nine - point deduction .
Administrator Andrew Andronikou has also revealed the Fratton Park club have staggering debts of £ 119m .
Sacha Gaydamak was there at the start of the season , followed by Sulaiman Al Fahim , Ali Al Faraj and , most recently , Balram Chainrai .
None of whom will ever be very popular down on the south coast .
How many ?
Sacha Gaydamak , Sulaiman Al Fahim , Ali Al Faraj and Balram Chainrai
2 Wembley pitch
It used to be the playing surface every young aspiring footballer wanted to play on .
The hallowed turf at Wembley was just that , a sacred lawn on which heroes played the national game .
However , since the Twin Towers of the Empire Stadium came down and the £ 800 m new Wembley took its place in 2007 things just have n’t been the same .
In place of the once pristine surface is a slippery carpet of green ice , rendering football nye on impossible .
A number of managers have branded the pitch a disgrace .
Work has already begun on relaying the pitch for the 11th time since 2007 , a process would could be repeated up to seven times a year , resulting in a bill of £ 8 m over the next 13 years .
However , there may be a cheaper solution .
The great chunks of Wembley turf which were dug up by the Tartan Army in 1977 are still growing in back gardens across Scotland .
Maybe some could be returned - for a price , of course .
Life 's a pitch : Michael Dawson slipped at Wembley to let Portsmouth 's Fredrique Piquionne in to score against Spurs in the FA Cup semi-finals
1 Tom Hicks Jnr
Foul - mouthed tirade : Tom Hicks Jr embarrassed Liverpool
That ’s right , four Liverpool entries in the top ten and there ’s no doubt this was the most embarrassing moment of the season for the Anfield club .
It has been a fraught time for the owners - a club on the slide , the promised new stadium nowhere near being started and serious finance issues .
So what you really do n’t need is a director of the club , and son of co-owner Tom Hicks Snr , sending out crass emails to fans .
That of course is exactly what happened , leading to more unwanted headlines for the Merseysiders .
Hicks Jnr responded to correspondence from Stephen Horner with abusive replies .
In the first , he called him an ‘ idiot ’ , the second said : ‘ Blow me , f ** * face .
Go to hell , I ’m sick of you . ’
Unsurprisingly , he soon resigned his post .
Fifty years ago , the United States Air Force discovered its top- secret Lockheed U - 2 spy plane was nightmarishly tricky to fly .
To keep aircraft from crashing , they began using high - speed chase / guide cars during take - offs and landings .
Government - issue Camaro Z/28 , anyone ?
The process is pretty simple :
The Air Force buys fast and relatively inexpensive Detroit muscle and puts a highly trained pilot in the driver 's seat .
Those pilots then act as ground - based wingmen for the U - 2s in the air , talking them through runway operations .
Advertisement
The chase cars are nothing if not necessary — the U - 2 is an incredibly dangerous aircraft .
It was designed in the mid-1950s as a replacement for the government 's existing surveillance fleet , which mostly consisted of converted bombers and fighters .
It was intended to go farther , faster , and higher than any regular - use airplane before it , and to help fight the Cold War without actually drawing any blood .
Because Francis Gary Powers was shot down in a U - 2 fifty years ago this month , we decided to take a look at the plane 's substantial car connection .
Advertisement
What the Hell is That Thing ?
First , a little background .
The U - 2 was drawn up by Lockheed engineer Clarence " Kelly " Johnson , the man behind the company 's legendary " Skunk Works " division and the designer responsible for the both the P - 38 Lightning and the sinister - looking F - 104 Starfighter .
It was thought that if an aircraft could be made to fly high enough — say , 70,000 feet , or above roughly 95 percent of the Earth 's atmosphere — that it would be beyond the reach of enemy fighters , missiles , and possibly even radar .
Advertisement
An early U - 2 painted in NASA colors as part of the attempted cover - up of the Powers incident .
Check out the Austin - Healey at far left ( click to enlarge ) .
Probably not a chase car , but who knows ?
Advertisement
To reach that height , Johnson essentially created a jet - powered space glider .
His design featured an obsessive focus on minimum weight , so much so that , in the beginning , landing gear were n't even included — the U - 2 was originally intended to take off on a wheeled , ground - bound cart and land on a thin fuselage skid .
The aircraft 's skinny , long wings were so efficient that the first flight came by accident , the plane leaping into the air on its own during a high - speed taxi test in 1955 .
The flight experience was akin to that of early astronauts or pilots of the Air Force 's awesome X - planes :
You did n't so much fly the U - 2 as turn the thing on and point it at God .
Naturally , there were downsides .
Because the U - 2 was so specialized , it was amazingly difficult to fly .
Johnson 's design placed all the fuel in the wings and aimed for light controls at altitude ; the lower the U - 2 flew , the heavier its unassisted controls got , to the point where pilots literally had to brute - force the plane around during take - off and landing .
Balance was so critical that the plane 's spy cameras used split film reels , one on each side of the aircraft and feeding into each other , so that weight distribution would n't change during flight .
Crosswinds tossed it around like a rag doll .
Because of the altitude and depressurization risk , pilots flew in helmeted space suits and were all but blind near the ground .
In the U - 2's half - century of service , fewer than 850 men and women have been certified to fly it .
Advertisement
Landings : Something Other Than Fun
Still , landings were the biggest problem .
The replacement for Johnson 's cart - and - skid ground system was a compact setup — two centrally located landing gear in the fuselage and one detachable " pogo " gear on each wing — that turned the U - 2 into little more than a 30,000 - pound bicycle .
Because of the high - lift wings , pilots did n't so much land the plane as fly it really close to the ground ( usually about two feet ) , stall it , and then fall out of the sky .
On top of that , serious ground effect ( the same thing that keeps half - planes like the Soviet Ekranoplan in the air ) meant that the wings greatly resisted landing .
Bringing a U - 2 to earth required wrestling yourself from the sky , not slipping out gracefully .
Advertisement
And you did n't want to drop a wingtip — that 's a 105 - foot wingspan , if you 're wondering — at speed , dig in , and crash .
And you could n't see .
And you were usually at the tail end of a flight lasting ten hours or more .
And and and .
As this funny ( and NSFW ) video shows , there 's a whole hell of a lot that can go wrong :
Remember , these guys are some of the best pilots in the world .
If they can't always get a handle on it , Kelly 's gal must have teeth .
Advertisement
... And This is How You Do It
Predictably , in the U - 2's early days , a lot went wrong .
The plane that 's been called the most difficult - to - land aircraft in the Air Force 's inventory had so many landing incidents / problems / crashes in its early days that the Air Force soon came up with a solution .
Between ten and 30 people are needed to launch a U - 2 , and almost as many are required to land it .
The procedure for bringing one down involves a chase car driven by a fellow U - 2 pilot and a host of spotters in radio contact .
It goes something like this :
Slow down , fly down to the deck at around 140 mph
Have chase cars drive on runway , hauling ass behind you and offering radio advice
Land plane in polite , controlled crash
Do n't screw up .
Because of the speeds involved , the chase cars are usually high - performance cars .
They wait at the end of the runway , and when the U - 2 passes , they burn rubber to keep up , calling out altitude and wing attitude over the radio .
When the airplane 's main gear is roughly two feet over the tarmac , the pilot deploys several sets of spoilers and flaps to reduce lift and minimize wing drop , lowers the plane down , slows to a stop while balancing on the two center wheels , and then drops a wingtip to the ground ( they have titanium skidplates for this purpose ) and stops .
The " pogo " wing landing gear that fell off on take - off are then reattached , and the U - 2 taxis to its hangar .
The addition of the chase cars all but eliminated serious landing accidents .
Advertisement
The following text comes from a story that originally appeared in the May 2005 issue of Motor Trend :
" Your main job as the mobile ... is to let the guy know how high he is off the ground , " says Major Shane Johnson , deputy operations commander for the 99th ERS .
" The U - 2 is a pretty fragile aircraft ,
Advertisement
and if you land hard , you can break it .
At first it 's a little unnerving because you 're not used to going that fast and because you 're not used to chasing an airplane down a runway .
You kind of have to get used to it .
But after awhile you do , and it 's just another day at work . "
Take - offs are the easy part .
During landings the drivers not only need speed , but the skill to slot in directly behind a fast moving jet without getting in the way .
" You do n't want to hit the airplane and you do n't want to flip the car , " the major says .
" As you make those fast run-ins you have to get your aim point .
It 's kind of like doing a rejoin in formation .
You just come zooming in from behind and follow along about 60 feet from the aircraft .
Advertisement
This is a U - 2 pilot hauling ass down a 12,000 - foot runway in a Pontiac GTO while chasing a landing aircraft .
There 's no talk - down — this is a " quiet , " or unassisted landing , meant to replicate emergency conditions — but the driver 's chatter is worth the price of admission :
... and here 's a Corvette doing the same thing .
Keep in mind that the speeds are a lot greater than they look , and the distances between car and aircraft a lot smaller than they appear .
You Said Something About Cars ?
That I did .
The Air Force began using chase cars early on in the U - 2 program , all the way back to the days of the project 's 1950s Groom Lake ( a.k.a. Area 51 ) testing .
The first examples were reportedly Ford station wagons , typically showroom models with the biggest V - 8 available .
Chevrolet El Caminos ( ha ! ) followed , as did a host of good - natured abuse at the hands of servicemen .
By all accounts , the El Caminos were capable and long - lived , if a bit slow and underbraked .
They lasted until 1985 , when the Air Force borrowed a Special Service Package ( SSP ) Ford Mustang from the California Highway Patrol .
( The SSP was a lightweight , 5.0 - liter V - 8 - powered police model that produced between 180 and 225 hp depending on year .
You can read more about it here . )
The Mustang handed the El Camino its ass , the Air Force was thrilled , and it bought 20 examples of the car over the following decade .
Most of them were automatics , almost all of them were blue , and with the exception of a few stenciled logos , a light bar , and some auxiliary switches , they were stock .
One is currently in civilian hands after being stationed in Europe , but the rest are rumored to have been crushed .
Advertisement
Fourth - gen Camaros in Chevrolet 's B4C / Special Service trim came after that , lasting until a few years ago , at which point they were replaced with 2005 - 2006 Pontiac GTOs .
The V - 8 - powered Pontiac G8 GT recently filtered into the fleet , though it appears that the GTOs have yet to be removed from service .
No matter the model , the chief draws are usually acceleration capability , high - speed stability , and parts continuity .
From an article on the Air Force 's website :
" The job is awesome , " said Maj .
Luke Lokowich with the 1st Reconnaissance Squadron .
" You get to go 110 miles per hour every day , and ( the U - 2 is ) the only aircraft in the Air Force that has ( a person in ) a car driving behind it talking a pilot through a landing . "
" ( You come ) back from a long mission flying for nine or 10 hours , you are going to be tired ( and ) stagnant , and your visibility is really hindered in the suit , " said Maj .
Pete Van Pelt , a U - 2 instructor pilot .
" Your ability to feel , your dexterity and couple that with the fact this plane is really difficulty to land on a good day , it 's really nice to have an extra set of eyes outside the airplane ... "
Advertisement
Outside ?
Hell , what about inside ?
We can't get enough of this stuff , and apparently , neither can Top Gear 's James May .
( I watch that video once a month on average , and it never gets old .
The Earth is an amazing place . )
Advertisement
The U - 2 is still in service ; the aircraft that was created to help contest the Cold War ended up outliving both its successor and the global mindset that birthed it .
The Air Force operates a small fleet out of Beale AFB in California , U - 2s are being used for surveillance in Iraq and Afghanistan , and NASA recently tasked its example with mapping the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
And now , for some odd reason , we kind of want a blue Fox - body Mustang with a light bar on the roof .
Advertisement
What , you do n't ?
Photo Credits : U.S. Air Force , Motor Trend
References : U.S. Department of Defense , GrandAmGT.com , Motor Trend , SSPMustang.org , United States Air Force here and here , USMilitary .
About.com .
The Oxburgh report ” is a flimsy and embarrassing 5 - pages .
They did not interview me ( nor , to my knowledge , any other CRU critics or targets ) .
The committee was announced on March 22 and their “ report ” is dated April 12 – three weeks end to end – less time than even the Parliamentary Committee .
They took no evidence .
Their list of references is 11 CRU papers , five on tree rings , six on CRUTEM .
Notably missing from the “ sample ” are their 1000 - year reconstructions : Jones et al 1998 , Mann and Jones 2003 , Jones and Mann 2004 , etc. )
They did not discuss specifically discuss or report on any of the incidents of arbitrary adjustment ( “ bodging ” ) , cherry picking and deletion of adverse data , mentioned in my submissions to the Science and Technology Committee and the Muir Russell Committee .
I ’ll report on these issues later in the day as they ’ll take a little time to review .
First , let ’s observe Oxburgh ’s trick to hide the “ trick ” .
Long before Climategate , Climate Audit readers knew that you had to watch the pea under the thimble whenever you ’re dealing with the Team .
This is true with Oxburgh of Globe International as well .
Oxburgh of Globe International alludes to the “ trick .. to hide the decline ” in veiled terms as follows :
CRU publications repeatedly emphasize the discrepancy between instrumental and tree - based proxy reconstructions of temperature during the late 20th century , but presentations of this work by the IPCC and others have sometimes neglected to highlight this issue .
While we find this regrettable , we could find no such fault with the peer - reviewed papers we examined .
Without specifically mentioning the famous “ trick … to hide the decline ” , Oxburgh subsumes the “ trick ” as “ regrettable ” “ neglect ” by “ IPCC and others ” .
But watch the pea under Oxburgh ’s thimble .
The Oxburgh Report regrettably neglected to highlight the fact that CRU scientists Briffa and Jones , together with Michael Mann , were the IPCC authors responsible for this “ regrettable neglect ” in the Third Assessment Report .
They also regrettably neglected to report that CRU scientist Briffa was the IPCC author responsible for the corresponding section in AR4 .
Oxburgh pretends that the fault lay with “ IPCC and others ” , but this pretence is itself a trick .
CRU was up to its elbows in the relevant IPCC presentations that “ regrettably ” “ neglected ” to show the divergent data in their graphics .
It is also untrue that CRU authors , in their capacity as IPCC authors , “ regrettably ” “ neglected ” to show the divergent data in the IPCC graphics .
The Climategate emails show that they did so intentionally – see for example IPCC and the Trick , which show awareness on the part of CRU scientists that showing the decline would “ dilute the message ” that IPCC wanted to send .
The eventual IPCC figure , as reported here on a number of cases , gave a false rhetorical message of the veracity of the proxy reconstructions .
CA readers are also well aware that IPCC and Briffa were categorically asked by one AR4 reviewer ( me ) to disclose the divergent data .
CRU ’s Briffa refused , saying only that it would be “ inappropriate ” to show the data in the graphic .
They did n’t “ neglect ” to show the divergent data from the Briffa reconstruction .
This was a considered decision , carried out in AR4 despite pointed criticism .
Yes , the decline had been disclosed in the “ peer reviewed literature ” .
Indeed , that was how I became aware of the trick – long before Climategate and why , as an AR4 peer reviewer , I asked that IPCC not use the trick once again in AR4 .
IPCC presentations are how the climate science community speaks to the world .
Climate scientists , including CRU scientists , have a far greater obligation of full , true and plain disclosure in IPCC reports than even the specialist literature .
Oxburgh pretends that ( partial ) disclosure of adverse results by CRU in specialist literature is sufficient .
It is n’t .
There was a continuing obligation to disclose adverse results in IPCC graphics .
CRU scientists acted as IPCC authors .
The complaint about the trick arose out of how CRU scientists carried out their duties as IPCC authors .
In this respect , the Oxburgh report is a feeble sleight - of - hand that in effect tries to make the public think that the “ trick ” was no more than “ regrettable ” “ neglect ” by the “ IPCC and others ” – nothing to do with CRU .
In other words , Oxburgh is using a trick to hide the “ trick ” .
Trick me once , shame on you .
Update 9.40 am .
The Daily Telegraph reports :
Professor Hand did say that “ inappropriate methods ” were used by a separate university to draw up the infamous “ hockey stick ” graph showing the rise in global temperatures over more than 1,000 years .
Uh , memo to Oxburgh .
CRU produced its own hockey stick graphs in Jones et al 1998 , Mann and Jones 2003 , for example .
For some reason , Oxburgh and his associates regrettably neglected to consider these articles .
There is growing pressure on West Australian Treasurer Troy Buswell to step down over his misuse of parliamentary entitlements to carry on an affair with Fremantle Greens MP Adele Carles .
Mr Buswell is in a tenuous position following revelations that he misused his government car and credit card during his affair with Ms Carles .
It is not the first time Mr Buswell has been in trouble over his government entitlements .
Twice last year he was forced to repay the Government because of incorrect travel expense claims .
Premier Colin Barnett defended Mr Buswell at the time , but there is growing speculation that Mr Barnett will not be so forgiving now .
State Opposition Leader Eric
Ripper says the community has lost faith in Mr Buswell and he must be sacked .
" If Mr Buswell has misused taxpayers ' funds , the Premier will have no alternative but to sack him , " he said .
" Misusing taxpayers ' funds , particularly for a treasurer , particularly when there 's form , is a sackable offence .
" I have been reluctant to comment on what I have regarded in the past as a private matter , [ but ] when taxpayers ' funds are misused the matter becomes public .
That 's the issue now , the misuse of taxpayers ' funds . "
The WA nurses union says it is appalled Mr Buswell has not been sacked in light of the dismissal of more than seven nurses and a number of doctors for falsely claiming meal and entertainment expenses last August .
WA secretary of the Australian Nursing Federation , Mark Olson , says the only difference between Mr Buswell 's situation and the nurses is that he still has his job and they do not .
" If Mr Buswell stays then those nurses should be reinstated .
Any other action by the Premier would cast the simple label of hypocrisy on his government , " he said .
A spokesman for Mr Barnett says reports that Mr Buswell has been sacked are wrong .
Mr Barnett is spending the long weekend at his country property , east of Perth , and will make an announcement about Mr Buswell 's future tomorrow .
Affair revelations
Earlier today Mr Buswell revealed that he had had a four - month affair with Ms Carles , but denied that it had any impact on his job .
" I can confirm that Adele Carles and I had an affair for almost four months which began in late December .
This affair recently ended , at which time I advised my family and the Premier of my actions , " Mr Buswell said .
" My family and I have been working through this matter privately since then .
I did not want this matter to become public because of the impact this publicity would have on my wife and my children . "
Ms Carles made the affair public at the weekend with a lengthy statement expressing regret at the pain the relationship had caused both families .
The statement followed weeks of rumour and speculation of an affair between the pair who are both married with children .
In an emotional press conference Mr Buswell apologised to the Premier and his wife , confirming that he misused public funds on four occasions during the secret liaison .
" I can confirm that my ministerial car dropped me off to meet Adele Carles on three occasions .
I will repay the Government garage for the cost of those trips , " he said .
" In mid-February I travelled to Albany in the afternoon , ahead of a series of meetings the following day .
I was joined by Adele Carles that evening .
I will repay the cost of the accommodation . "
Mr Buswell confirmed he is seeking professional help but this is not the first time he has made national headlines .
Two years ago he admitted to sniffing the chair of a female staff member and snapping the bra of a Labor staffer .
Ramifications
Emeritus Professor David Black of Edith Cowan University says despite this latest scandal , it is unlikely Mr Buswell will be sacked by Mr Barnett .
" Clearly he has built up a litany of errors which normally would have led to his resignation or to him being asked by the Premier to leave the ministry , but the problem all along and the problem still now is that he 's such a key part of the Government , in a sense indispensable , " he said .
But Mr Buswell 's long - term future may not be so rosy .
He was once touted as a potential leader of the WA Liberal Party , and now Professor Black says that ambition has been severely damaged .
" For the moment he 's staying , but clearly his whole political future has been very seriously clouded and one can only assume that ... somewhere down the track all the chickens will come home to roost . "
Mr Buswell says his relationship with Ms Carles did not impact on his decision making as Treasurer .
" This relationship has not had an impact on the discharge of my duties , nor has it influenced me in my dealings with issues related to the Fremantle electorate or in regard to issues advanced by the Greens in Australia , " he said .
But the affair has raised questions about Ms Carles 's voting patterns in the Lower House , says Professor Black .
" One would have to say that that 's obviously if she wanted to survive as a Member for Fremantle in the next state election - which is normally a strong Labor seat - she would need to be able to appeal across the political field , if you like , " Professor Black said .
" She could n't just get votes from Green supporters and from dissident Labor people , so in that sense she 's entitled to perhaps a say , to exercise a relatively independent vote .
" But the fact is her vote was a little surprising on a couple of issues in relation to the stance that the Greens normally take . "
Elected in 2009 , Ms Carles is the Member for Fremantle and the first Greens MP to be elected to the WA Lower House .
Rumours of her affair with Mr Buswell had been around for some time and it is understood she went public at the urging of her Greens colleagues .
But Ms Carles may pay a high price for her public admission .
Professor Black says her future as a Greens MP hangs in the balance .
" I think her future in politics - both as a Green and the member and certainly for a very difficult seat to win - must be extremely unlikely now . "
WA Greens Leader Giz Watson did not return PM 's calls this afternoon .
When the Missouri legislative session ended on May 14 , 2010 , House Bill 1651 died , without ever having been assigned to a committee .
The bill would have , if enacted , called on state and local education administrators to " endeavor to create an environment within public elementary and secondary schools that encourages students to explore scientific questions , learn about scientific evidence , develop critical thinking skills , and respond appropriately and respectfully to differences of opinion about controversial issues , including biological and chemical evolution " and to " endeavor to assist teachers to find more effective ways to present the science curriculum where it addresses scientific controversies . "
" Toward this end , " the bill continued , " teachers shall be permitted to help students understand , analyze , critique , and review in an objective manner the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of the theory of biological and hypotheses of chemical evolution . "
The chief sponsor of HB 1651 was Robert Wayne Cooper ( R - District 155 ) , joined by Doug Funderburk ( R- District 12 ) , Ed Emery ( R - District 126 ) , Cynthia Davis ( R- District 19 ) , Therese Sander ( R- District 22 ) , David Sater ( R- District 68 ) , Rick Stream ( R- District 94 ) , Jeff Grisamore ( R- District 47 ) , Jeanie Riddle ( R- District 20 ) , Rodney Schad ( R - District 11 ) , and Darrell Pollock ( R - District 146 ) .
Cooper was the sponsor of a series of failed antievolution bills in the past in Missouri .
In 2004 , he introduced two bills , HB 911 and HB 1722 , that called for equal time for " intelligent design " in Missouri 's public schools .
In 2006 , he introduced HB 1266 , which if enacted would have required that " If a theory or hypothesis of biological origins is taught , a critical analysis of such theory or hypothesis shall be taught in a substantive amount . "
In 2008 , he introduced HB 2554 , which is similar to 2010's HB 1651 , and in 2009 , he introduced HB 656 , which is identical to HB 1651 .
Welcome to " Why We Fight " , Pitchfork 's latest column .
The ongoing goal of this column is to look seriously into our conversations about music : how they work , how they locate what 's at stake when we make allegiances to different artists or genres , and the different issues -- like social class , race , novelty , and transgression -- we bring to bear when we talk about music .
These conversations might be " about " music , but they say even more about how we see ourselves and the world .
More importantly , they might even change the music itself -- both how it 's made and what it winds up meaning to us .
Of all the ways technology 's changed how people relate to music -- how we make it , listen to it , hear about it , pay for it ( or do n't ) -- the one that 's always amazed me is the way we talk about it .
For most people , that conversation has n't changed : we still get word - of - mouth recommendations , share circles of taste with our friends , and do n't waste time obsessively tracking what 's going on beyond our interests .
For many music geeks , though , all that 's been joined by an online world where " everyone " hears about " everything " at the same time -- every development tracked like breaking news and hashed out in reviews and comments boxes , on blogs and message boards .
And in the small and geek - heavy world of indie fans -- where people pride themselves on being shrewd , unique , opinionated , and sensitive to bullshit -- this is a pretty meaningful development .
Now , instead of just figuring out how we feel about music in relation to our friends , enemies , scenes , or schools , we 're also figuring it out in relation to a whole far - flung network of people who share our taste .
( Suddenly , amazingly , we live in a world where a high - school kid in Montana can talk about how sick she is of minor trends in Williamsburg . )
It means a whole lot of what 's happening revolves around our conversations and our different postures toward music -- and toward our fellow fans .
As an experiment , think on this question .
Over the past few years , who have you seen fiercer , more divisive debates about : Joanna Newsom or Lady Gaga ?
I 'd guess that for a lot of you reading this , the answer is Newsom .
Which is interesting , especially if you think about ways these artists are mirror images of each other .
As far as Newsom goes , it 's pretty easy to identify her unique qualities :
An odd , expressive voice with a creak like an old door ; a vision of her work so elaborately detailed that it can seem stilted and overwhelming ; and a love of words and attention to poetic effects so deep that it actually does n't sound silly when she lists Vladimir Nabokov as a songwriting influence .
So we 've seen healthy debate about what , if anything , those gifts have to offer us .
People argued about whether there was something precious or fussy about her manner , or even something childlike about her imagination .
( Press material that painted her as some kind of unicorn - riding medieval fantasy did n't help . )
People argued about whether her obsessively crafted suites and allegories were really what pop music was for -- whether maybe all those elaborate , writerly constructions were just highbrow feats of imagination in a medium that should prize real - world actions and gestures .
You know : too pretentious , too many words , too many big words , too pretty , too satisfied , too comfortable , too much artifice .
And now , oddly enough , she 's released a triple LP that defuses some of those arguments .
Vocal - cord problems keep her from exploiting that old divisive croak .
Most straightforward lyrics reassure us that she 's speaking to our unmagical world , even if those lines remain packed with tricky poetic effects .
Her recent photos look like fashion shoots .
Simple things like piano and pop drumming allow us , for the first time , to say aha : we can finally identify her as fitting in with something concrete -- Joni Mitchell , Laurel Canyon folkies , 1970s California , something .
So the question of what the hell to make of her talents travels its way further up into the mainstream , where every critic dutifully offers a list of the kinds of words you 're going to encounter on her records ( " palanquin ! " " gormless ! " ) , and Vanity Fair runs a tongue - near - cheek article explaining -- no kidding -- why it 's not emasculating to listen to her .
" It 's just a straighter path , " she tells London 's Times , " to the same truth .
"
Pop star Gaga , meanwhile , seems to work in the opposite direction , despite being every bit as steeped in artifice and pretense as Newsom .
Her latest product is eight songs and 34 minutes long , compared to Newsom 's two - hour set ; its most upscale English word is , by my reckoning , " saline , " versus much - noted Newsom vocabulary like " etiolated " ( which also gets called out in the annotated edition of Nabokov 's Lolita ) .
This is the big difference , of course , and the thing that some people find lacking in Newsom : Gaga 's big bundle of affectations may not be carefully constructed around a specific point -- it 's not writerly in that Nabokovian way -- but it 's rich and visceral enough that just about anyone can draw something thrilling or unsettling from it .
Newsom gets pegged as some woodsy creature whose art is highly constructed ; Gaga gets pegged as some artificial construct whose art feels intuitive .
Newsom 's music feels private , a strange artifact waiting for you to come engage with it .
Gaga 's is entirely public , to the point where most of it is located in image and gesture and persona .
Sometimes it's as if she 's still figuring out how to reliably pack more of that meaning into the songs themselves .
That 's surely why we do n't write Gaga off as " pretentious , " a word loaded with all kinds of social - class connotations :
Her music does n't scan as highbrow or aimed at any elite .
Besides , we want pop stars to be oversized and perverse -- often we want them to think they 're more special than us .
My question , though , is this :
Do n't we want the same level of imagination and confidence from indie acts ?
And if so , why do a lot of us seem slightly wary about the possibility ?
Why celebrate pretense and bold gestures in pop music , but get weirdly skeptical of them in the indie world ?
It 's as if we 've reached the point where one long - running indie value -- the idea that the performers are a lot like the audience -- has started eating up a much more interesting one : that indie can be a realm that embraces oddity and strangeness .
This is the funny predicament of a lot of talk about modern indie .
It 's as if the audience does n't think of itself as very interesting , and is skeptical of any band that comes out of its midst thinking it 's any better .
( Especially if people , somewhere outside of the indie world , seem to agree . )
Successful , self - conscious strangeness in the mainstream is a triumph ; the same thing in this fringe genre is , for some reason , sometimes considered pretentious , self - satisfied , laughable , overstepping one 's station .
Not that this keeps ambitious or oddball indie acts from being popular and successful .
But still , there 's a high level of self - consciousness around it all , and a lot of it traces back to our conversations .
Look at this amazing quote from Newsom , in a recent feature : " I was bummed at everyone saying my songs were innocent and nursery rhyme - like .
When people would put me and Devendra Banhart in the same sentence , they were coding his eccentricities as world - weary and ' witchy ' and coding my eccentricities as childlike and naive .
I felt like it minimized my intelligence .
But I think in my defensiveness I disavowed some realities I should not have disavowed . "
This is revealing , is n't it ?
Newsom 's clearly smart enough to know that a good artist can't afford to deform her vision simply because not everyone in the world treats it kindly ; besides , it 's not as if a trained harpist with an odd voice and devoted following is going to turn into someone else .
But forget Newsom for a minute and just look at the self - consciousness involved .
If we 're surrounded by conversation , what happens if the things the conversation sets upon turn out to be flip , superficial , or full of odd standards ?
What does it do , not to the artist , but to us , or music as a whole , or the music that has n't been made yet ?
Because on the web , there 's no such thing as silent dismissal , the invisible shrug of this - is - not - for - me : everything 's verbalized .
Casual dismissal -- " this bugs me , " " I ca n't stand that voice " -- starts to look more like active criticism .
People snipe or worry about whatever seems to be at issue , even if what 's at issue has more to do with our arguments than what 's happening in the music .
The basic dynamics of numbers and taste , in fact , dictate that there will usually be more people who dislike something than enjoy it -- valid opinions that 'll all be registered , some snidely .
At times , this can turn a discussion into simply locating what 's different or notable about a given act and then chipping away at it , finding the most efficient way of mocking it , ferreting out the exact interpretation of what 's happening that best allows us to critique it .
This gets particularly weird when it comes to indie , a genre in which people are used to thinking of their taste as interesting and different .
Because once the web brings everyone in a niche like this into constant contact , well :
Where does the discussion go ?
Instead of figuring out your taste in relation to the world , you start figuring it out in relation to your immediate peers -- which sometimes means distinguishing yourself from them over smaller and smaller differences .
You can wind up with a conversation in which everyone 's edgy , wary , and near - religiously on guard for certain errors : being " pretentious , " thinking you 're clever , trying to be highbrow , seeming smug , or , at some point , doing anything that you seem to think makes you cool , interesting , or worth listening to .
This does n't mean people should just be " nice . "
People who dislike things should say so , and any artist who puts out a record should be prepared for the fact that not everyone will love it .
This is just life , and there 's no good alternative to it :
Scenes in which every artist is uncritically considered a special , fragile snowflake tend to get really cruddy really quickly .
But when you get to the point where you 're wary of any band that seems to think it 's actually doing something cool -- even when that act's only gotten as far as selling a couple of hundred singles -- you 're halfway to kneecapping any opportunity for bands to actually be cool .
So whenever I hear complaints about new indie acts being predictable , bland , overly tasteful , or unambitious , I can't help thinking this might be part of the reason :
That this scene may have started producing music the way some adolescents get dressed , corrosively self - conscious about any sign of unfashionable difference that opens them up to be mocked .
At worst , you can wind up with a whole genre where the acts and the audience are both armoring themselves against standing out or embracing risks .
You wind up reaching that weird provincial point where you 're always cutting down the plant that grows higher than the others -- where the way you call for the music to be more interesting ( or try to express what makes you more interesting ) actually has the effect of making it tamer , less interesting .
If all that sounds like needless handwringing , well , maybe it is :
There 's always enough great stuff to listen to that the healthiness of this dynamic feels like a footnote .
( " Indie will eat itself . " )
It 's strange to me , though , that when I sat down to try and think of an act that fits somewhere between those mirror images of Newsom and Gaga , the first to come to mind was one that still floats beneath the radar .
Give a listen to Parenthetical Girls ' 2008 " Song for Ellie Greenwich " , a song whose arrangements and melodies might skew in a Newsom - like direction , but whose pretentions -- including the vocals of Zac Pennington , who actually vaguely looks and moves like Lady Gaga -- share the pop star 's visceral , unsettling shudder and edge .
Or try their cover of the Smiths ' " Handsome Devil " , which -- over a quarter century later -- they manage to keep sinister and sordid .
And then consider : whether you 've enjoyed it or not , what do our opinions about stuff like this wind up doing ?
In this Fox News segment about the recent U.S. District Court decision banning the National Day of Prayer , Dan Barker ( author of Godless : How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America 's Leading Atheists ) handily parries a Fox News announcer 's clumsy blows .
Unless the Fox News character learns how to devour his prey like the Ayperobos and Ghargatulas who command the prime slots on Fox News , he wo n't be long for the network .
Yesterday , Facebook reportedly called an " all hands " meeting to discuss its privacy policies .
That 's because they are facing a brewing revolt among Facebook users alarmed by the company 's , ahem , cavalier attitude toward protecting your privacy .
In recent months , Facebook has rolled out some very privacy - unfriendly practices , from the " privacy transition " that took away privacy controls to " instant personalization " that instantly shares your personal information with third party pages without your consent .
At every step , we 've worked to get word of these changes out , and pushed back , because at the ACLU , we believe Facebook users deserve control over their personal information .
Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has claimed that " the default is social . "
But to Facebook , " social " seems to mean making your personal information public to the entire world .
Tens of thousands have signed an ACLU petition making clear that people need the ability to control who they share information with .
And we 're not the only ones criticizing Facebook for its failure to live up to its own stated principles and its " lametastically lame " response to the public outcry .
Even Congress and European governments are getting in on the act .
In fact , plans for " Quit Facebook Day " and calls for a Facebook alternative have been getting louder , and an effort to build an open - source , user - centric social network was featured in The New York Times and has since garnered over $ 120,000 in donations ( and counting ) to support its efforts .
Now , $ 120,000 might be chump change to the reported $ 35 billion value of Facebook , but if these cries of revolt continue and users continue to jump ship , chump change might be all Facebook has left .
So let 's hope Facebook is ready to listen .
We like being social — but we want to choose how and with whom our personal information is shared .
If Facebook wants us to trust it , it needs to take this opportunity and recommit itself to the principle that users have control over their own information .
Now is the time to send this message loud and clear .
If you have n't already , sign our Facebook petition and tell Facebook you want to take back control of your personal information !
It may be easy to take one look at Super Mario Galaxy 2 , see the same gravity - altering traps and spherical worlds from its predecessor , and dismiss this as a by - the - numbers sequel to the superb original .
But by assuming you know what to expect from Mario 's latest adventure , you would be doing yourself and this game a great disservice .
This is not only the new standard against which every 3D platformer must now be judged , but it also seamlessly integrates so many elements from Mario's 2D roots that it stands toe - to - toe with even its genre - defining progenitors .
Every aspect of this game is absolutely bursting with joy .
The vibrant artistic design immediately welcomes you into this colorful world , and the catchy soundtrack deftly mixes classic tunes with new compositions to provide the perfect backdrop for your goomba - stomping , star - snatching fun .
But it 's the expertly designed levels that will keep you coming back , even after you 've seen everything this game has to offer , just to experience it one more time .
This is an instant classic that belongs alongside the best games Nintendo has ever created .
Things are once again rotten in the Mushroom Kingdom .
Bowser has taken Princess Peach prisoner for the umpteenth time , forcing Mario to momentarily put his plumbing gig on hold to rescue his fair lady .
The best thing that can be said about the story is that it mostly stays in the background .
A few lighthearted exchanges between Mario and his foes precede major battles , but there is only a brief break in the action before you get back to flinging fireballs and cracking shells .
In fact , Galaxy 2 is much more streamlined than its predecessor .
The elaborate hub world that has appeared in each of Mario 's previous 3D adventures has been scrapped and replaced by an easy - to - navigate map that lets you hop right into the next level .
Galaxy 2 has less downtime than the original , ensuring you 're always engaged and entertained .
And you 'll be happy to jump right into the action because Galaxy 2 is a long and often challenging adventure .
There are lots of different activities to take part in , but everything comes with the same prize : a shining star .
It takes 70 of these celestial bodies to make it to the end of the game , but there are many more hidden throughout the universe waiting to be discovered .
No matter what you 're doing in Galaxy 2 , everything feels just right , thanks to the ultraprecise controls .
It 's a breeze leaping between walls , performing deadly butt - stomps , or jumping across lava - filled pits .
There is an unabashed joy in movement that makes even running around the colorful worlds and taking in the uplifting atmosphere feel special .
The camera does an admirable job of framing the action , giving you a clear view even when you 're dancing on the ceiling in a reverse - gravity room or leaping between floating meteors in space .
There are a few times where the angle is less than ideal , making it difficult to line up an exact jump , but for the most part , the camera performs its duty with flying colors .
Even with a belly full of pasta , Mario is still lighter than air .
The wealth of different objectives in Galaxy 2 is mind boggling .
Just about every star introduces at least one new mechanic , generating a truly stunning degree of variety .
Whether you 're grabbing onto the talons of a powerful bird , competing in score - based challenges for a monkey that 's wearing sunglasses , or slamming into enemies while ice skating , you 're constantly presented with a new activity .
Even though many of these situations only appear once or twice during the course of the game , they 're all fully fleshed out and incredibly fun .
It 's really interesting how varied objectives can be even within the same level .
The first time you enter a level , you may have to zip down a sand slide at breakneck speed , dodging cactuses and nabbing coins all the while .
But when you enter the level again to try for a different star , you may have to navigate an underground obstacle course from a side - scrolling perspective .
Because your goals are constantly changing and always at a high level , Galaxy 2 never gets stale or predictable .
If the huge variety of goals does n't sound like a big enough change , there are also power - ups that further mix things up .
One of the few weak spots in the original Galaxy was a lack of interesting power - ups to play around with , but that has been rectified here .
The most notable addition is Yoshi , the lovable dinosaur with the prehensile tongue .
Once on this green fellow 's back , you can point at enemies or objects with the remote and swallow them whole .
You can snatch up a spiny and then shoot it like a projectile , inhale a pepper to receive a massive speed boost , or chow down a bulb to light up hidden pathways .
There 's also a power - up that lets Mario roll around like a Goron from the Zelda series , a special suit that gives you the ability to create clouds in midair , and a drill for digging through soft dirt .
All of these power - ups build on their most basic functions as you get deeper into the game , forcing you to look beyond your preconceptions to use them in unique ways .
Although most of the game is in 3D , letting you explore the environments with few restrictions , there are also 2D sections that are just as entertaining to run through .
These stages are exceptionally well designed , going much further than the standard running and jumping for which Mario is known .
In certain cases , gravity is your biggest opponent .
Rooms will change their gravitational pull at a moment 's notice , turning the walls or even the ceiling into your temporary floor .
At other times , you 'll be running along without a care in the world when you 'll come across a pool of water floating above your head .
These brief forays into swimming give you a chance to avoid cheep - cheeps and slow - moving urchins before you exit once more onto dry ground .
Levels freely shift between the two perspectives .
You 'll be floating lazily around as bee Mario and then all of a sudden you 'll be in a 2D world , swinging on vines and nabbing coins without an extra dimension to distract you .
These 2D levels are a great changes of pace from the free - roaming action and are as inventive and fun as every other section of this game .
While attempting to nab every star within these stages you should also keep an eye out for hidden comet coins .
These special tokens summon a comet that gives you a new challenge to experience .
Sometimes , you need to sprint through a world as fast as possible , running at top speed and performing long jumps so you can shave off precious seconds .
Other times , you must collect purple coins or defeat a boss without taking any damage .
The comet challenges are the most difficult goals in the game , but it 's a blast to sink your teeth into these levels to try to overcome their punishing traps .
In one stage , you create clones of Mario with every step you take and you lose health if you touch one of the clones .
Trying to coordinate your movements so you can still make it to the end without running into your clones can be difficult , but when you finally outsmart yourself and nab that star , it 's extremely rewarding .
Most of Galaxy 2 starts out relatively easy for platforming veterans , but there are plenty of stars that will push you to your limits , and these prove to be the most satisfying to earn .
Many of the levels end in boss fights , which are just as varied and exciting as the other aspects of the game .
One of the early battles has you take on a slithering dragon that floats above a craterous moon .
It flies dangerously overhead , showing off its colossal might , before it dives toward the surface and borrows underground .
That 's your chance to attack its glowing red pustules , but it 's not easy .
Dragons do n't like to be punched , and it floods the screen with a wall of fire to keep you from poking its weak spot .
Every boss requires a different strategy to overcome , and it's a real treat figuring out what needs to be done and then going in for the kill .
The Bowser battles are particularly impressive .
He is absolutely gigantic in this game , and striking him down is immensely satisfying .
There is nothing quite like bringing down a treacherous foe who has been hounding you , and Galaxy 2 does a fine job of making its bosses big and imposing enough to ensure they are rewarding to conquer .
The incredible action is tied together beautifully by the visuals and music .
This is a gorgeous - looking game .
The levels may be home to snapping piranha plants and explosive bullet bills , but they are eminently welcoming .
The attention to detail is outstanding .
From the puffs of smoke billowing from the chilly rabbit's snow - covered cabin to Mario 's graceful spin when performing a triple lutz , every aspect of this game looks incredible .
But the music is even more impressive .
Using a great combination of classics and new material , all of the music fits the action perfectly .
The older songs have been remixed , and what 's most interesting is how they sound even better than they did before .
For instance , the haunting theme from Bowser 's levels that first appeared in Super Mario 64 now has a choir singing the higher sections , and it adds an eerie note that will send shivers down your spine .
Galaxy 2 is a game you do not even have to touch the controller to enjoy .
The sights and sounds are so enthralling that you can just sit back , relax , and take in everything .
Even Luigi gets a chance to take part in the star - grabbing action .
Super Mario Galaxy 2 is simply an outstanding game .
It never rests on its laurels for a second , constantly presenting new objectives and mechanics to push you to never before seen places .
Even the two - player mode offers new abilities and delights , making it even more fun to play with a friend by your side .
Everything is so well designed and so entertaining that it 's easy to get sucked into this world for hours .
Super Mario Galaxy 2 is so phenomenal that it 's difficult to imagine where Mario could possibly go in the future .
But that 's hardly your concern now .
Mario proves that he is still the king of fun .
Other Essays
Playing God
Background
In the wake of recent human cloning breakthroughs , religious leaders all over the world have condemned the research .
Why ?
No one will say .
It is presumed " evil " to clone human embryos , even for the noble purpose of fighting disease .
George W. Bush used his bully pulpit to condemn the idea , which is hardly surprising given his religious leanings .
He seized upon the fact that the embryos are being cloned in the hopes of harvesting stem cells from them for medical purposes , saying that it 's wrong to " create life just to destroy it " ( Good one , George !
So when are you going to outlaw all agriculture ? ) .
The Vatican , which has made an institution out of fighting progress , naturally condemned the action as well , citing the usual concerns that it goes against the will of God ( Oh really !
Then why does n't God simply make it impossible ?
Why does he need a guy in a funny white hat to explain his wishes to us ? ) .
Prominent US senators and congressman were elbowing one another aside to condemn it in the harshest possible language ( one even used the phrase " mad scientists " ) , and my own blithering idiot Prime Minister promptly called for a total ban on such research , without even attempting to justify it .
Even many Christian moderates chimed in , saying that it 's wrong to " play God " .
But why is it wrong to play God ?
Why do n't we have the right ?
Can anyone explain ?
It 's not enough to simply say " we do n't have the right to play God " , without explaining why not .
It 's not enough to simply say something is " wrong " without explaining what 's wrong with it .
Will it hurt anyone ?
Will it harm mankind ?
Will it violate anyone 's rights ?
No one has any answer to these questions , yet they join together in condemning that for which they cannot even form a coherent criticism .
Warning : I feel fairly strongly about a field of research with such great life - saving and life - enhancing potential being suppressed by the forces of religious reactionism .
If you are the sort of person who is likely to be offended by a very blunt assessment of Biblical science , then you might want to stop right here .
Are We Smarter Than God ?
In the Book of Job , God laid out a series of challenges for Job ( speaking with his usual Booming Voice™ ) , to show how he was not worthy of questioning his motives .
For Job , these questions were unanswerable .
But for us , thanks to science , we can answer them all .
Let us look at those questions , and then ask ourselves again whether we have the right to play God by virtue of surpassing his knowledge .
I say " yes " .
Job 38:4 - 7 : " Where were you when I laid the earth 's foundation ?
Tell me , if you understand .
Who marked off its dimensions ?
Surely you know !
Who stretched a measuring line across it ?
On what were its footings set , or who laid its cornerstone while the morning stars sang together and all the angels shouted for joy ? "
Amusing , is n't it ?
God thinks that the Earth has a " cornerstone " and " footings " , whereas we know today that it is spherical with no cornerstone or " footings " , and that under the crust lies molten mantle , not a " foundation " .
The " solid " Earth is but a skin floating atop a liquid mass .
He also makes a second preposterous claim , saying that he stretched a " measuring line " across the Earth .
Such a line would give slightly different measurements depending on where he put it ( the Earth is not quite a perfect sphere ) .
Moreover , all materials have finite elasticity , which would create a large measurement error in a line of sufficient length to encircle the planet .
Our own measurements of the Earth 's dimensions are superior to whatever he might have achieved with a " measuring line " .
He loses out on both of these claims , and the score so far is Mankind 2 , God 0 .
Job 38:8 - 11 : " Who shut up the sea behind doors when it burst forth from the womb , when I made the clouds its garment and wrapped it in thick darkness , when I fixed limits for it and set its doors and bars in place , when I said , ` This far you may come and no farther ; here is where your proud waves halt ' ? "
God tries to take credit for setting the boundaries of the sea , whereas today we know that the sea is simply limited by the total amount of water on Earth and the irregularity of its surface .
Mankind 3 , God 0 .
Job 38:12 - 15 : " Have you ever given orders to the morning , or shown the dawn its place , that it might take the earth by the edges and shake the wicked out of it ?
The earth takes shape like clay under a seal ; its features stand out like those of a garment .
The wicked are denied their light , and their upraised arm is broken . "
God tries to take credit for " ordering " the morning to occur , whereas today we know it is a simple consequence of the Earth 's rotation about its axis , requiring no explicit orders whatsoever ( really , are we supposed to believe that God has to issue a separate work order for each morning ?
Is this procedure documented under ISO 9001 ? ) .
Mankind 4 , God 0 .
Job 38:16 : " Have you journeyed to the springs of the sea or walked in the recesses of the deep ?
This time , God challenges us to go to the " springs of the sea " or walk in the " recesses of the deep " .
However , we know today that the sea requires no springs ( beneath the crust is molten lava , not a deep reservoir of water ) , and that it exists simply as the storage basin of the Earth 's water supply .
Moreover , we have sent deep sea vehicles and deep sea divers to the bottom of the ocean , so we have walked in the recesses of the deep .
Two more challenges met : Mankind 6 , God 0 .
Job 38:17 : " Have the gates of death been shown to you ?
Have you seen the gates of the shadow of death ? " "
God challenges us to find the gates of death , but we know today that death is merely the cessation of certain biological processes .
There are no " gates " .
Mankind 7 , God 0 .
Job 38:18 - 21 : " Have you comprehended the vast expanses of the earth ?
Tell me , if you know all this .
" What is the way to the abode of light ?
And where does darkness reside ?
Can you take them to their places ?
Do you know the paths to their dwellings ?
Surely you know , for you were already born !
You have lived so many years ! "
God challenges us to find the places where light and darkness live .
Of course , we know today that light does not " live " anywhere , nor does it come out from its hiding place in order to brighten our world .
It is merely a particular range of frequencies of electromagnetic radiation , and it is produced by various natural processes .
Moreover , anyone with a flashlight can generate light , and better yet , we have generated forms of light which God has never generated anywhere , such as laser beams .
And finally , we know that darkness is merely the relative absence of light , so it requires no " place " either .
That 's three more counts ( light , lasers , and darkness ) on which we 've got God beaten .
Mankind 10 , God 0 .
Job 38:22 - 23 : " Have you entered the storehouses of the snow or seen the storehouses of the hail , which I reserve for times of trouble , for days of war and battle ? "
Laughable , is n't it ?
Now he 's saying he keeps hail and snow in " storehouses " as a war reserve !
Of course , we know today that they are simple weather phenomena , generated by low temperatures and atmospheric moisture saturation limits .
Mankind 11 , God 0 .
Job 38:24 : " What is the way to the place where the lightning is dispersed , or the place where the east winds are scattered over the earth ? "
God 's laughable misinterpretations of meteorological phenomena are revealed yet again ( Omniscient ?
I think not !
This guy knows less than the blonde weather bimbo on channel 3 ! ) .
There is no " place " where lightning is " dispersed " , nor is there a " place " where the east winds are sourced .
Lightning is the natural result of a buildup of static voltage potential between the ground and the clouds , and any high school science teacher worth his salt can generate electrical arcs easily with low - cost equipment .
As for the " east winds " , this is yet another Biblical claim that only makes sense if the Earth is flat , since it implies an Eastern boundary to the Earth ( which , as we all know , cannot exist since you can keep going east forever on a sphere ) .
Two more of God 's challenges met , two more of God 's laughably ignorant claims debunked .
Mankind 13 , God 0 .
Job 38:25 - 27 : " Who cuts a channel for the torrents of rain , and a path for the thunderstorm , to water a land where no man lives , a desert with no one in it , to satisfy a desolate wasteland and make it sprout with grass ?
Hmmm ...
God challenges us to say who cuts a channel to irrigate a desert and make it sprout with grass .
Can you say " Las Vegas ? "
Sure you can !
Hell , the Romans had running water and irrigation 2000 years ago .
Mankind 14 , God 0 .
Job 38:28 : " Does the rain have a father ?
Who fathers the drops of dew ? "
Two more questions , two more easy answers .
Rain has no father , since it 's the simple result of saturated air cooling down and the moisture precipitating out as a result .
Dew also has no father , since it 's the simple result of condensation .
Two more questions which betray staggering ignorance on his part .
Mankind 16 , God 0 .
Job 38:29 - 30 : " From whose womb comes the ice ?
Who gives birth to the frost from the heavens when the waters become hard as stone , when the surface of the deep is frozen ? "
Hmmm ... could it be that snow comes from atmospheric precipitation , just like rain ?
Gee , what a tough question .
Mankind 17 , God 0 .
Job 38:31 - 32 : " Can you bind the beautiful Pleiades ?
Can you loose the cords of Orion ?
Can you bring forth the constellations in their seasons or lead out the Bear with its cubs ? "
Yet another meaningless question .
The constellations are vast collections of stars , not the mythical symbols we 've chosen to assign to them .
Orion has no " cords " holding it in place , the constellations exist regardless of season , and neither the Bear or its cubs are being " led " anywhere .
Their motion is dictated by simple momentum , not God 's instructions .
Yet again , God tries to take credit for phenomena which we now understand to be perfectly natural and much different than what he described .
Mankind 18 , God 0 .
Job 38:33 : " Do you know the laws of the heavens ?
Can you set up dominion over the earth ? "
Yes , we know the laws of physics ( maybe not all of them yet , but certainly far more of them than God , who thinks hail and snow come from " storehouses " ) .
And yes , we can and have set up dominion over the Earth .
I do n't see anybody kicking us out of here any time soon , and if it happens , it will be something mundane and non-miraculous such as the evolution of a new strain of extremely virulent bacteria or an unfortunate asteroid impact .
Mankind 20 , God 0 .
Job 38:34
" Can you raise your voice to the clouds and cover yourself with a flood of water ? "
We can do better than raising our voice to the clouds ; we can fly far over them .
I 've seen the tops of clouds myself , and it 's no big deal .
As for covering ourselves with floods of water , we redirect rivers .
We build artificial lakes using giant dams .
We can shut down waterfalls to a relative trickle , and use them to generate electricity .
Mankind 21 , God 0 .
Job 38:35 : " Do you send the lightning bolts on their way ?
Do they report to you , ` Here we are ' ? "
Ah , so now God has to send lightning bolts on their way ?
And that " way " just happens to coincide with the path of least electrical resistance to the ground every time ?
How much of this laughable nonsense are we supposed to tolerate ?
Worse yet , we are now told that lightning bolts actually report to God before being launched !
What do they say ?
Is there a form to fill out ?
How does a static electrical discharge fill out a report ?
Honestly , to a modern man , God 's challenge in the Book of Job is more of a joke than a serious challenge .
Mankind 22 , God 0 .
Job 38:36 : " Who endowed the heart with wisdom or gave understanding to the mind ? "
God repeats the common Biblica - era misconception that emotion and wisdom come from the heart , whereas we know today that the heart merely pumps blood and that all thought , emotive or not , comes from the brain .
Mankind 23 , God 0 .
Job 38:37 - 38 : " Who has the wisdom to count the clouds ?
Who can tip over the water jars of the heavens when the dust becomes hard and the clods of earth stick together ? "
Now God claims he has the " wisdom " to count the clouds .
I can only imagine that " wisdom " in God 's lexicon is actually his term for " stupidity " , since only an idiot would attempt to count a phenomenon such as clouds , whose number is constantly changing .
Or does God expect us to believe that there are a fixed number of clouds in the atmosphere ?
Worse yet , he claims that rain comes from the " water jars of the heavens " rather than a simple precipitation process .
Wow , there are great big jars up there ?
Curious that we can't see them with our high - powered telescopes , space - based observation platforms , or high - altitude aircraft .
Maybe God 's just an idiot , because these last two claims are the kind that only an idiot could make .
Mankind 25 , God 0 .
Job 38:39 - 40 : " Do you hunt the prey for the lioness and satisfy the hunger of the lions when they crouch in their dens or lie in wait in a thicket ?
Who provides food for the raven when its young cry out to God and wander about for lack of food ? "
Hmmm ... could it be that these animals forage for their own food ?
I do n't recall seeing food materializing out of nowhere or falling from the heavens to satisfy these animals when they 're in distress .
In fact , the only time predatory animals are given food without having to take it by force is when we give it to them .
We , as in mankind , not God. Mankind 26 , God 0 .
Thus endeth the entirety of Job 38 .
The following chapters ( which I refrain from similarly analyzing simply because it would become boring , if it has n't already ) contain similar challenges , all of which are either easy to meet or laughable in conception .
In Job 38 , God issued a series of challenges designed to prove his superiority and thereby , his inherent right to unquestioned rule .
Today , we can answer those challenges , and go one better : we can show , through the wording of those challenges , that the Biblical God has the scientific knowledge of a child .
Conclusion
Do we have the " right " to play God ?
Based on our ability to surpass God 's challenges in the Book of Job and then show him up for the intellectual pygmy that he is , the answer can only be " yes " .
We certainly have as much right to play God as someone who thinks that hail is kept in a storehouse in case of war !
The reality is that we play God all the time , and we 've been doing it for centuries .
We breed and feed both plants and animals simply so that we can kill them , wrap them in plastic , and sell them in the grocery store .
We manufacture wholly unnatural strains of vegetable , fruit , and animal which are more convenient for our purposes , such as seedless grapes , horses and dogs with all manner of specialized characteristics , turkeys so fat and stupid that they drown in heavy rain , etc .
We split one atom in two , and fuse two atoms into one .
We redirect rivers , create lakes , change natural geography , alter the environment .
We launch technological devices into the heavens , we plant our flag on the Moon ( that was n't an archangel 's footprint up there ! ) , we generate artificial lightning so we can play with it or show it to our children , we make our own snow at will ( ever seen a snow - making machine ? ) , and we do a host of other things that used to be reserved for the assorted deities of the primitive world .
Is this immoral ?
Only if it 's done in a negligent manner , but playing God , in and of itself , is something we do quite regularly , and we should not be ashamed of it .
If you think it 's wrong to play God , then do n't be a hypocrite and go picket the nearest farm .
Otherwise , shut up and get with the program .
The world has enough problems without religious reactionaries who want to fight science when it stands at the brink of a breakthrough in the treatment of disease .
Last updated : November 28 , 2001
Continue to Flavours of Christianity
Jump to :
" What about his back ? " someone asked .
The small group decided it was best to risk injury to his spine and begin CPR .
We rolled him over .
I reckoned he was about 50 and he looked friendly .
He was overweight and his teeth were slightly crooked .
Someone took off their T - shirt and put it under the man 's head .
A smallish guy with glasses positioned himself there and I moved to his chest .
The man with glasses put a handkerchief over the injured man 's mouth and breathed two heavy breaths .
I watched as his chest rose , then started compressions , pushing down hard above his heart .
I hesitated when I reached six , trying to recall what I 'd been taught at a surf club almost a decade ago .
My CPR partner said , " Just keep going . "
He told me he'd just done a first aid course and asked if I would like him to take over .
Of course , I said , relieved to hand over responsibility to someone better trained .
I noticed the injured man was wearing a wedding ring .
The guy in glasses kept up CPR as we waited for an ambulance .
One man was on the phone to emergency and relaying instructions , another was checking for a pulse .
Everyone was remarkably calm .
A couple of cyclists were slowing down and waving through other riders .
This little group of strangers had become a team .
At last , we heard a siren and shortly afterwards a female paramedic climbed over the guard rail with her equipment .
I estimated it had been about 10 minutes since I 'd arrived - it may have been less .
I felt the injured man 's hands - they were cold .
The man with glasses continued CPR until the paramedic took over .
After he stood up I put my arm around his shoulder and squeezed him .
He was pale and frightened and a bit sweaty from the effort .
He adjusted his glasses and said , " I think he 's dead . "
We looked around for the injured man 's backpack but he appeared to be carrying only an iPhone attached to a pair of earphones .
By now , a second ambulance had arrived and an officer cut off the man 's shirt and attached the pads of a defibrillator to his chest .
I noticed he had a long scar on his chest and wondered if it was from a heart operation .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " How long will your project take if I add two people ? "
Dilbert says , " Add one month for training , one month for the extra complexity , and one month to deal with their drama . "
The Boss says , " But after all of that ? "
Dilbert says , " They 'll be as useful as this meeting . "
By David J. Stewart | January 2009 | Updated July 2015
Psalms 50:22 , “ Now consider this , ye that forget God , lest I tear you in pieces . ”
I recently viewed a YouTube video by the late comedian , George Carlin , titled “ Religion is Bullsh*t . ”
Click here for a transcript version .
Sadly , Mr. Carlin is almost assuredly burning in Hell this moment , having died in his sins .
In John 14:6 Jesus plainly stated : “ I am the way , the truth , and the life : no man cometh unto the Father , but by me . ”
Carlin was an open atheist , who plainly denied the existence of God .
Unbelievers have always placed God on trial , demanding “ proof ” of His existence .
Any honest person KNOWS that God exists ...
“ For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen , being understood by the things that are made , even his eternal power and Godhead ; so that they are without excuse ” ( Romans 1:20 , King James Bible ) .
After watching George Carlin 's blasphemous video , I could n't help but think about the ridiculous theories of Evolution , and how unsaved people blindly , without question , accept the lame and unscientific theories of Evolution by faith .
The unsaved world looks for answers to satisfy the MIND ; but the Bible proclaims that salvation is of the HEART ...
“ For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness ... ” ( Romans 10:10 , King James Bible ) .
Interestingly , 2nd Corinthians 4:4 warns us that Satan blinds THE MIND ...
“ In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine unto them . ”
Romans 1:21 states : “ Because that , when they knew God , they glorified him not as God , neither were thankful ; but became vain in their imaginations , and their foolish heart was darkened . ”
Salvation is a matter of the heart .
Long before Mr. Carlin decided there was no God , he admittedly “ tried to believe in God . ”
As with many folks , Carlin expected God to do things his way ; but God works in His own way ...
“ Let the wicked forsake his way , and the unrighteous man his thoughts : and let him return unto the LORD , and he will have mercy upon him ; and to our God , for he will abundantly pardon .
For my thoughts are not your thoughts , neither are your ways my ways , saith the LORD .
For as the heavens are higher than the earth , so are my ways higher than your ways , and my thoughts than your thoughts ” ( Isaiah 55:7,8 ) .
I liked George Carlin .
He spoke his mind about various topics and made no apologies for his opinions .
I admire that .
I think Carlin was a nice guy .
I am very sad that Mr. Carlin denied the Bible , Jesus Christ and God .
I certainly do n't enjoy knowing that he is almost assuredly in Hell .
The Bible warns in 2nd Thessalonians 1:8,9 ...
“ In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God , and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ :
Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord , and from the glory of his power . ”
If the Bible is true , and I believe It is 100 % , then George Carlin died and went to Hell according to 2nd Thessalonians 1:8 - 9 , because he refused to obey the Gospel .
I did n't say that , God did .
Carlin's video is compelling and he makes some really strong arguments why God does n't exist ; but he fails to mention all the reasons why we SHOULD believe that God exists .
The very question of where life originated begs the existence of God .
It could n't have just happened .
The very notion that the universe began with a Big Bang is absurd .
How big is the universe ?
Can it have an end ?
If so , what exists beyond that boundary ?
The answer is impossible by all human logic and scientific evidence .
Where did time begin ?
Can time have a beginning , or ending ?
How could there be no beginning of time ?
The only answer is God .
[ edited 5/14 to fix typos ]
We are almost halfway through 2010 , the weirding time under the GOP 's estate tax plan when there is no estate tax and the step - up in basis is gone .
They had , of course , intended to eliminate the estate tax for good , but knew that it would cause huge deficits and so did n't want to pass that along with the rest of their 2001 tax cuts that already amounted to more than a trillion dollars .
So they left it for later .
Repeal was a bad idea to start with .
Most of the mythology around the estate tax is just that -- sob stories ginned up by the coalition of wealthy families who want to shirk their responsibility to the country for taxes .
This is where the President and the Democratic Party should use the bully pulpit to inform people about how the estate tax works .
It is relevant for only the largest estates .
It does n't cause family farms to be lost , no matter how many times the wealthy families ' coalition spokespersons claim that it does .
We are at a turning point in this country , where our inability to think long term and our need for immediate gratification mean that we are spending ridiculous amounts on a military budget , too little on infrastructure , and incapable of passing a single payer health care system like every other developed economy has .
The Bush regime cut taxes over and over again - - mostly aiding the wealthy but also costing us in terms of long - term deficits from lack of revenues that the tax cuts do nothing to restore .
The economic theory on which the tax cuts were based has been proven wrong again and again throughout our history and that of other developed countries : tax cuts do n't generate more revenues , wealthy people who are not taxed on their capital gains do n't turn overnight into entrepreneurs .
So now we need to stop the drain of revenues from the federal fisc .
Stop excessive military spending -- we can't sustain ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for another decade any better than the USSR could do .
Increase taxes -- especially on the wealthy who have gotten an increasing share of the growth of the economy while middle and lower classes have stagnated .
That means that the estate tax is an ideal tax .
The tax comes at the point when wealth from one generation is being passed to the heirs in the next generation who have done nothing to merit having it .
The extraordinarily wealthy that bear the tax already have the lion 's share of the wealth of the country , and some method of evening the odds is needed , else we will be a country of the gated rich and the multitudinous poor .
The estate tax can be easier to enforce than other taxes ( and would be even fairer if only Congress would act to make the various estate planning techniques using trusts and family partnerships unlawful ) .
So Congress should just let the Bush tax change lapse according to the sunset provision that the GOP built into the law .
That would mean that in 2011 we would revert to the law before the 2001 tax change .
There is no huge constituency worried about the estate tax -- just the wealthy few whose estates might be subject to some taxation .
But apparently Sens. Kyl , Baucus , Grassley and Lincoln are working to include a " bipartisan " proposal in the small business tax bill that they hope to put through Congress .
Odds are it will cut the estate tax rate and increase the exemption amount , making the wealthy even less likely to pay any estate tax .
See BNA Daily Tax RealTime , May 11 , 2010 .
Will somebody tell me how these Senators can justify another huge tax break for the wealthy when this country has the highest deficits it 's ever recorded and little prospect of recouping that through tax revenues without adding tax increases , not tax cuts , to the mix ?
Maybe we should all get on the phone to those four senators to remind them that we have a huge deficit and that it is irresponsible to cut the estate tax at this time .
Electronic Frontiers Australia and the Australian Privacy Foundation raised concerns ( pdf ) last week about Google ’s use of its Street View cars to collect identifying information about Wi -Fi networks for use in its geolocation service .
While that identifying information is relatively harmless , Google has now admitted that it has accidentally collected data sent by users on unencrypted Wi -Fi networks too .
The first half of this story concerns the identifying information about Wi -Fi networks that Google was trying to collect .
To explain the practice , we need to cover some basic Wi -Fi concepts .
Each Wi -Fi network is identified by a human - readable name called an SSID ( like " My Wireless Network " ) and a unique hexadecimal number which is usually assigned by the manufacturer of the Wi-Fi access point and called a BSSID ( Basic Service Set Identification ) or MAC address ( Media Access Control ) like " 00-17-9A-76 -CB - A6 " .
Normally , a Wi-Fi access point will publicly broadcast its SSID and BSSID so that nearby computers can display the Wi-Fi network to users in a list of available networks — though most Wi -Fi access points allow you to disable this broadcast if you want .
In addition to that , the BSSID is always sent together with any data transmitted over the Wi-Fi network .
Since multiple Wi-Fi networks can operate in the same space , devices connected to a Wi -Fi network need to be able to distinguish between data meant for their network and data meant for other nearby Wi -Fi networks .
The devices do this by tagging transmitted data with the BSSID of the Wi-Fi network to which they are connected .
Finally , it is important that the SSID and BSSID are used in the way described above irrespective of whether the Wi-Fi network is secured with a password ( WEP , WPA , or WPA2 ) or not .
It was Google ’s collection of the SSIDs and BSSIDs of Wi-Fi networks around Australia that initially gave rise to privacy concerns last week .
What Google did was mount Wi -Fi antennas to the roofs of the cars that drive around Australia taking photographs of the roadside for Google Maps Street View .
As these cars mapped each city , they collected packets of data sent over nearby Wi -Fi networks .
The idea was to take the SSIDs and BSSIDs from the collected packets of data , and to store them in a database together with the information about the location where the SSIDs and BSSIDs were seen .
Google could then use the collected information to provide a geolocation service to its users .
The next time a user wanted to know his or her approximate location , he or she could send the SSIDs and BSSIDs of Wi-Fi networks that were nearby to Google .
Google could then look up the SSIDs and BSSIDs in its database , retrieve the location where its Street View cars last saw those SSIDs and BSSIDs , and send that approximate location to the user .
In other words , Google ’s geolocation service has the same function as a GPS : it gives the user his or her location .
However , whereas GPS uses the user ’s distance from a GPS satellite of known location to estimate the user ’s location , Google ’s geolocation service uses the distance from Wi -Fi networks of known location .
And there is nothing unique about Google ’s geolocation service .
There are many other geolocation providers that use Wi-Fi networks this way , such as Skyhook Wireless and Geomena .
Whether the practice poses privacy problems is a bit more complicated .
In Australia , the principal privacy legislation is the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) , which regulates the collection , use , and disclosure of " personal information " .
Personal information is defined as information about an individual whose identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained from that information .
Ordinarily , information about the location of a Wi -Fi network with a particular SSID or BSSID would not fall within this definition of personal information because it cannot readily be linked to an individual — although the position may be different with respect to Wi -Fi networks that use a surname or phone number as the SSID .
It is because this information does not ordinarily identify an individual that its collection probably does not breach privacy laws , and does not pose a privacy problem for most people .
And it is for that reason that the common concern that you could be located using the information that Google collected about your Wi -Fi network is unfounded .
Google does not store your details , it stores the SSID and BSSID of your Wi -Fi network .
To get the location of your Wi -Fi network back from Google ’s geolocation service , a person would have to supply , at the very least , your Wi -Fi network ’s SSID and BSSID .
It may be conceivable that such a person would guess the human - readable name or SSID that you have assigned to your Wi -Fi network , but he or she would not be able to guess the corresponding unique hexadecimal number or BSSID .
The only way that the person could get that information would be to be within range of your Wi -Fi network , and at that point , the person would already know your approximate location .
Another concern — one with more merit — is that websites that you visit might know what Wi -Fi network you are connected to , or what Wi -Fi networks you are near , and then query Google ’s geolocation service to find out your approximate location .
The important thing here is that your browser does not send information about what Wi -Fi network you are connected to , or what Wi -Fi network you are near , to the websites that you visit .
Sites that you visit simply do not have access to it .
The qualification here is that some browsers now have the ability to send information about your location to geolocation services .
However such functionality works on an opt - in basis .
So that is the first half of the story .
Things took a turn on Friday , however , when Google admitted that its Street View cars had collected not only SSIDs and BSSIDs as intended , but also some of the data that users sent over nearby unencrypted Wi -Fi networks .
As its cars received packets of Wi-Fi data , rather than stripping the SSIDs and BSSIDs out of the packet and discarding the rest , the entire packet was saved and later stored on Google ’s servers .
That means that if you were using an unencrypted Wi -Fi network as a Google Street View car drove past your house , a copy of whatever you were doing could have been collected and stored on Google ’s servers together with your approximate location .
Whether the data can identify you personally would depend on what you were doing at the time it was collected .
If Google happened to come by your house as you were sending an email , then it may have collected personally identifiable information about you ( the email together with the sender and recipient ) .
Collection of such data could very well breach the Privacy Act 1988 or the Telecommunications ( Interception and Access ) Act 1979 ( Cth ) , which prohibits the interception of communication , including email , passing over certain networks , including Wi -Fi networks .
And quite irrespective of whether any law is breached , the practice is a cause for concern .
Google has explained that the collection of this additional data was a programming error .
It maintains that it intended to collect and store only the SSIDs and BSSIDs of the Wi-Fi networks that its cars passed .
And I have no doubt that that is true .
The additional data is of minimal use to Google , and its deliberate collection would be an order of magnitude more irresponsible than what I would think Google could be .
However , that this additional data was collected in error does not make what happened here any more acceptable .
This is the second time this year that Google has taken a cavalier attitude towards privacy .
In February , Google released Google Buzz , a Gmail - based social - networking tool .
It quickly came to light that Buzz publicly disclosed the email addresses of people who Buzz users emailed most frequently , among other information , without seeking users ’ specific consent first .
Many users were caught off - guard when their data was unintentionally disclosed to other parties , like abusive ex-husbands .
Google has since corrected its problems with Buzz , but you cannot help but get a feeling of déjà vu as you read Google ’s explanation of how it snared unencrypted Wi -Fi data .
Google has now vowed to delete the collected data , and to submit itself to a third - party audit to verify that deletion — which was the right thing to do .
And it has gone as far as to stop using Street View cars to collect Wi -Fi networking information altogether .
But in light of Google ’s recent track record in safeguarding privacy , it would be wise for people to begin questioning what data they disclose to Google .
Where people disclose data — whether by entering a search term in Google Search , sending email via Gmail , or broadcasting something as an SSID to the public — it is important that they understand how that data could be used , so that they question how that data is used .
Thank you , Sharkies .
Now we need a little more help : you 're going to have to knock off either the hated Blackhawks or the somewhat less hated Canucks .
We promise we might root for you in the Finals if you do this for us .
In honor of the Sharks ' win , we give you a photo of their newest fan .
It 's not often that you can pinpoint the exact moment that a guy leaps off of one bandwagon straight onto the awaiting deck of another bandwagon , but we did it tonight .
I wonder if this dude threw his red jersey in the trash and then stopped off at the Sharks ' pro shoppe to pick up his new Heatley 15 jersey before heading home to see how ' his Yankees ' did tonight .
Think diseases spread fast ?
Lies are faster ( Image : Saturn Stills / SPL )
IN November 2006 , the conservative columnist Piers Akerman published a scathing attack on climate science in Australia ’s Daily Telegraph .
Akerman contended that warnings about warming were deliberately exaggerated .
To back his claim , he quoted John Houghton , a former chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , saying : “ Unless we announce disasters no one will listen . ”
Early the next year , Lee Morrison , a conservative Canadian journalist , reused the quote in an opinion piece in the Calgary Herald .
That summer , a scholar at the Acton Institute for the …
Democracy for America supporters like you are mobilizing to resist Donald Trump -- and defeat Trump Republicans in elections cross the country .
Are you in ?
During the years Salman Khan spent scrutinizing financials for hedge funds , he rationalized the profit - obsessed work by telling himself he would one day quit and use his market winnings to open a free school .
Instead , he started one almost by accident .
It began with long - distance tutoring in late 2004 .
He agreed to help his niece Nadia , then a seventh - grader struggling with unit conversion , by providing math lessons over Yahoo's interactive notepad , Doodle , and the phone .
Nephews and family friends soon followed .
But scheduling conflicts and repeated lectures prompted him to post instructional videos on YouTube that his proliferating pupils could watch when they had the time .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
They did - and before long , so did thousands of others .
Today , the Mountain View resident 's 800 - plus videos are viewed about 35,000 times a day , forming a virtual classroom that dwarfs any brick and mortar school he might have imagined .
By using the reach of the Internet , he 's helped bring education to the information - hungry around the world who can't afford private tutors or Kaplan prep courses .
" With so little effort on my own part , I can empower an unlimited amount of people for all time , " Khan , 33 , said .
" I ca n't imagine a better use of my time . "
That , along with last year 's Wall Street meltdown , is why he finally gave up his hedge fund work and dedicated himself to the academy full time in the fall of 2008 .
The nonprofit generated thousands in advertising revenue this year through YouTube , which shares cash with popular content providers , and could become self - sustainable as a one - person operation within a year .
Khan is in talks with several foundations for capital that could enable him to expand the organization 's reach .
University courses
He did n't originate the concept of free online education , of course .
The YouTube EDU channel features tens of thousands of so - called open courseware videos on economics , mathematics and more from Harvard , Yale and elsewhere .
Apple Inc.'s iPhone
App store features free Spanish tutoring , math drills and SAT vocabulary tests .
Last year , Stanford University 's engineering school rolled out gratis video lectures , handouts and assignments for certain courses .
Meanwhile , UC Berkeley has been posting classes online since 1995 , on iTunes since 2006 and on YouTube since 2007 .
The university is fast approaching the 100 million download mark , said Ben Hubbard , the program 's manager .
" We feel that opening this world of access to the rich intellectual resource of a public university is core to what we do , " he said .
" Anyone around the world , whether a taxi driver in London or budding computer engineer in Africa , can tune in . "
Students who take all or part of their classes online perform better , on average , than those who complete the same courses only in a traditional classroom , according to a meta - analysis - or a study of studies - released earlier this year by SRI International .
That could reflect students using online tools on top of face - to - face learning or that these materials tend to draw an audience that , on average , is particularly motivated .
But in any case , it suggests the Internet legitimately helps people learn .
Among a field crowded with exalted institutions , Khan Academy stood out enough to be named as one of three laureates in the education category of this year 's Tech Awards , organized by the Tech Museum in San Jose .
' The right way '
" We were tremendously impressed by Sal Khan 's simple approach to generating user - friendly tutorials in straightforward , to - the - point videos , " said Michael Kevane , chair of the department of economics at Santa Clara University and head of the judging panel , in an e-mail .
" We felt like he really showed people the right way to do video content - the wrong way being the ' talking head ' or the ' professor at the blackboard . ' "
Indeed , many universities simply post recorded lectures , while Khan stresses hands - on learning , moving step by step through multiple problems and encouraging students to work alongside him .
He 's also more focused on K - 12 learning , with videos already posted for nearly all the math and physics encountered in those grades , and has created a math program that spits out problems that grow more difficult as students progress .
But the automated software and videos are just a glimmer of the potential that Khan sees for technology to revolutionize education .
In the long term , Khan believes his academy points to an opportunity to overhaul the traditional classroom , by using software to create tests , grade assignments , highlight the challenges of certain students , and utilize those doing well to aid their struggling classmates .
Individual needs
This would minimize the time teachers spend on menial tasks , untether them from the one - size - fits - all approach to education and enable them to focus on individual students ' particular needs , he said .
" That will be reality in the next five to 10 years and I think Khan Academy is in the ideal position to do it , " he said .
Whether or not that ever happens , Khan 's students say he 's already opening doors they never could have squeezed through on their own .
He says the most rewarding part of his work are the e-mails he regularly receives from people saying he helped them get into college , earn higher grades - or in the case of one woman with terminal cancer , achieve a life goal like learning calculus before it 's too late .
Last week , Matthew Smith , 31 , of San Pablo , applied for entrance to Berkeley City College , where he hopes to study mechanical engineering .
He had only completed pre-algebra in high school , and his life was sidetracked shortly after graduation when a semi T - boned the vehicle in which he was a passenger .
He suffered traumatic brain injuries and lay in a coma for more than a week .
Smith needed considerable remedial training before he could tackle any math - heavy engineering coursework .
He stumbled across Khan Academy while searching online for California Standards Tests .
After several months with the videos , he scored well enough on his assessment exams to start with pre-calculus in college .
That 's two levels above where he stood the last time he sat in a classroom .
" Without Khan Academy , I do n't think I 'd be in the position I 'm in now , " he said .
Mys Murchinson , mys Mariato , Huronské jezero , Velké otročí jezero , řeka Sv. Vavřince , nejvyšší : Mount McKinley 6194 m , nejteplejší : Údolí smrti +57 °C , nejchladnější Fort Good Hope - 78 °C , poušt ě Nevadská , Mohavská …
Auta na D1 v neděli večer u
Prahy stála před nově budovaným velekřížením a nejlepší manželka ze všech se zmocnila sešitu a zkoušela juniora z otázek k písemce ze zeměpisu .
Mládežník to flákal , takže jsem spílání vnímal jen na půl ucha a věnoval se přemítání o tom , že škola pozdního husákismu se kupodivu vyznačovala menší měrou bezúčelné buzerace .
Ale možná jsem jen měl štěstí na učitele nebo už začínám mít selektivní paměť .
Junior si dobře pamatoval ty nejvyšší teploty – patrně proto , že do Death Valley jsme ho z nedostatku lepší příležitosti vzali na sklonku léta a vystoupení z klimatizovaného auta někde u Furnace Creek mu kromě náběhu na ob ěhové selhání způsobilo i nezapomenutelný zážitek .
Při tom jsem si ale uvědomil , že naprosto netuším , co je a kde je Fort Good Hope a umínil jsem si , že to příležitostně zjistím , abych držel s poučenou mládeží krok .
Kdy ž jsem si na to znovu vzpomněl u počítače , ukázalo se , že věc je velmi jednoduchá , protože Fort Good Hope má dokonce heslo na Wikipedii .
Je to maličké ( 557 duší ) převážně indiánské sídlo na břehu Mackenzie River ztracené v divočině kanadských Severozápadních teritorií .
Ale něco tu nesedělo .
Výzkumníci se kdysi letmo věnovali mapování trhlin v arktické ledové pokrývce pomocí synthetic aperture radarů .
Ačkoli se ( na rozdíl od šéfa katedry , který na meteorologické stanici v Grónsku přezimoval ) zaobírali zpracováním dat v teple kanclu , matn ě si vybavovali , že ani na severu grónského pevninského ledovce neklesají teploty pod - 70 °C .
Že by to v údolí Mackenzie , kde je na fotkách vidět spousta stromů , bylo ještě mnohem drsnější ?
Divná to věc s tou teplotou .
Povolal jsem juniora a tázal se , zda jim to s tou Pevností dobré naděje a mínus osmasedmdesáti stupni vykládala profesorka .
Odvětil , že taky , ale je to prý i v atlase .
A nastojte !
V tomto veledíle ( Kartografie Praha 2007 ) opatřeném schvalovací doložkou Ministerstva školnictví se opravdu skví mapa doličná :
Nezbývalo , než podívat se , co o podivně nízké teplotě soudí klimatická věda – konkrétn ě
Světová meteorologické organizace OSN , která spolu s Arizona State Univerzity udržuje databázi klimatických extémů .
A hle , nejchladn ějším místem Severní Ameriky není Fort Good Hope , ale Snag airstrip na Yukonu , kde roku 1947 naměřili mnohem vyšší teplotu : - 63.0°C .
Je-li Snag držitelem rekordu od roku 1947 , jak tomu bylo před tím ?
Konečně přichází na scénu Fort Good Hope .
Tam je totiž katolická misijní stanice a její osazenstvo dlouhodobě vede meteorologické záznamy .
31 . prosince 1910 tam otec Houssais naměřil mínus 79 .
Jenže na Fahrenheitově škále !
Ve stupních Celsia je to kolem - 62 .
A navíc se při dodatečném průzkumu archivních záznamů ukazuje , že se ten dobrý muž patrně o 10 stupňů F spletl .
Na Silvestra se to může stát každému .
Oficiální archiv kanadské vlády tak nechal evidentně chybnou hodnotu pro 31.12.1910 vyřadit ze souboru .
Mezitím ale jakýsi expert v dalekém Československu patrně zkompiloval nějaký meziválečný text do učebnice a navíc ještě moudře usoudil , že stupeň jako stupeň .
IPCC konečně také nepracuje jinak .
A factoid „ Fort Good Hope - 78 °C “ začal žít vlastním životem .
Nedařilo se mu špatně .
Dotáhl to třeba až do maturitních otázek a nesčetných taháků v ČR i na Slovensku .
Dle tohoto nálezu je nejen ve zmiňovaném atlase , ale i v učebnicích ( dokonce s vědecky zpřesněným ú dajem - 78.2 °C ) .
Google ukázal i bizarní skutečnost , že na Slovensku bylo papouškování nesmyslu o Fort Good Hope správným řešením okresního kola Geografíckej olympiády .
Česká i slovenská wikipedie zůstává na půli cesty a ( bez uvedení zdroje ) chybnou informaci o Fort Good Hope alespoň doprovodila teplotou přepočtenou na stupně °C .
Dětem je pochopiteln ě srdečně jedno , je - li nejchladnější místo Severní Ameriky letiště ve Snagu nebo Fort Good Hope a bylo - li tam o 16 stupňů více nebo méně .
Ani jedna možnost z nich lepší ani úspěšnější lidi neudělá .
Chyba v učebnici by taky nestále za maření času .
Chyby se do učebnic dostávají .
V podstatných věcech se na ně zpravidla rychle přijde a když ne , patrně nebylo téma podstatné .
Znepokojivé je , kdy ž se s nepodstatným tématem zachází jako s podstatným , a přesto se na chybu nepřijde .
Stovky učitelů , autoři a recenzenti učebnic , ud ělovači ministeriálních doložek , vyhodnocovači olympiád .
Lidé , kterým se dostalo ( vesměs zase českého , já vím ) univerzitního vzdělání v souvisejících oborech .
Jeden by očekával , že některé věci jako nepodstatné pominou .
Ale když už se z titulu své odbornosti rozhodnou , že je místo a číslo tak podstatné , že se je děti musí nadrčet nazpaměť ( a jist ě jsou taková ) , je také logické požadovat , aby měli schopnost rozpoznat , že pracně memorovaný a pak zase zkoušený údaj je v kontextu ostatních údajů nějak podivný .
Od koho by se ty děti asi tak měly kritické práci s daty naučit ?
Tradice české školy je pevnost , ale bez dobré naděje .
Eureka , California ( CNN ) -- Tony Smithers has been answering a lot of questions lately about marijuana .
Over coffee at Ramone 's Bakery & Cafe , he was polite but mildly irked to be fielding queries about a substance the federal government outlaws .
Smithers , the Humboldt County Convention and Visitors Bureau 's executive director , would rather talk about the county 's other natural resources : its forests , its rolling mountains , its 110 miles of coastline .
But with legalization on a statewide November ballot and with Humboldt situated in the Emerald Triangle , so named for its massive marijuana output , there have been distractions of late .
Read Tax Cannabis 2010 's summary of the initiative ( PDF )
" You see my card and my badge ?
They have a redwood , not a marijuana leaf , " Smithers said with a chuckle as he sat down .
Figures for the region 's marijuana economy are hazy , but drive through towns in Humboldt or Mendocino counties and it's easy to see marijuana 's importance to regional commerce .
Head and hemp shops sit alongside cafes and eateries , and niche businesses -- like glassblowers who specialize in smoking apparatuses -- are more common here than in cities 10 or 20 times the size .
Though Smithers touts Humboldt 's timber , dairy and grass - fed beef , he readily admits that marijuana is his county 's No. 1 export .
" Oh hell yeah , by a long shot , " said Smithers , who has lived in Humboldt for 15 years .
" It 's the elephant in the room up here . "
People smoke weed relatively freely on the streets of Arcata , Redway , Garberville and Ukiah , and bartenders in Eureka said they see plenty of " pot tourists " drawn to the region 's high - grade marijuana .
Some travel from as far away as Massachusetts and New Jersey , one bartender said .
The questions asked of Smithers lately revolve around such travelers and whether Humboldt should reach out to stoners if voters pass an initiative that would legalize marijuana for adult recreational use .
" My approach is to have that marketing plan in the bottom drawer of my desk and not show it to anybody until we see what 's going to happen and which way the wind is blowing , " Smithers said .
Recent polls say 56 percent of Californians favor taxing and regulating the plant .
The national approval rate is much lower -- as low as a third , by some estimates .
No matter what voters decide , a federal ban will persist .
Gil Kerlikowske , President Obama 's drug czar , said marijuana legalization is out of the question , " a nonstarter . "
He said he would not speculate on the government 's response should California legalize recreational use .
Read a March speech Kerlikowske delivered to California police chiefs ( PDF )
" Essentially , we know that with legal alcohol and legal tobacco , history shows that if it 's legally available , use will increase , " he said .
" If you have a greater number of users , you have an increase in social , health care and criminal costs . "
Though marijuana 's future in California is murky , Smithers made some observations on how Emerald Triangle growers could market their wares .
He 's heard proposals that the region should become the " Napa Valley of Marijuana , " complete with tours and tasting rooms .
Such notions presume a lot of infrastructure and entrepreneurship , he said .
" You have to have an experience , " he said .
" If you want to have a premium price for your product , you have to have a cachet , do n't you ? "
Therein lies the rub , said Anna Hamilton , a DJ for KMUD Community Radio who recently hosted a panel titled , " Life After Legalization : Marijuana Enters the Mainstream . "
Hamilton knows plenty of growers and said she has her own legal medical marijuana plot at her northern Mendocino County home .
She worries that with marijuana 's stigma and federal laws prohibiting it , corporations will be reluctant to pump money into infrastructure serving the marijuana economy .
She does n't think the necessary money can be generated locally , either , she said .
Northern California has already seen " a devastating effect from the medical marijuana flood " after the state passed Proposition 215 in 1996 , Hamilton said .
Prices for primo pot dropped precipitously , and growers in the Emerald Triangle fear a pound that once sold for as much as $ 6,000 in the ' 80s will be worth less than $ 2,000 if California voters OK adult recreational use .
" We 're going to be a ghost town here , " Hamilton said between bites of cheeseburger at a Redway restaurant .
There are potential pitfalls to modeling your industry after the state 's thriving wine industry , said Terry Hall , spokesman for the Napa Valley Vintners Association .
Despite the prominence of the region 's name , Hall said , Napa produces only 4 percent of California 's wine .
Without a doubt , the 30 - mile - long river valley is prime grape - growing turf .
With its abundant soil variations and elevations spanning 4,000 feet , farmers can grow grapes ranging from Riesling to cabernet .
The vintners association lobbies and litigates to protect Napa , which is part of a federally designated American Viticultural Area , Hall said .
But predating the association 's vigilance was an agreement among Napa wineries that they would promote the region before their own brands .
This grape game theory is how a relatively small wine region ended up with such an iconic name , Hall said .
At the very least , Northern California 's pot growers should seek similar pacts to protect and promote potential brands like Humboldt , Mendocino or Emerald Triangle , he said .
" They need to have some sort of camaraderie in terms of what your mission is , come out of hiding , be proud of your product , " he said .
" It will be a huge marketing endeavor to come out from under cover .
They will be smart , I think , if they form these alliances earlier . "
Hall has his doubts that Napa 's model would work for marijuana and asks :
Are distillery tours big business in rum- producing countries ?
Does North Carolina have tobacco tastings ?
" It 'll be interesting to see how they market to the masses , " Hall said .
Smithers said the convention and visitors bureau would never disenchant visitors coming to the region for its hiking , rafting , fishing or bird watching , but he concedes that a day may come when the bureau has to address cannabis commerce .
Right now , however , his focus is on establishing a National Heritage Area that would emphasize the region 's natural resources and its " history of conservation and environmentalism , " he said .
Marijuana growers might be smart to capture a similar vibe , he said .
After Northern California 's fishing and logging industries began to falter , " urban refugees " flocked to the region in the 1960s .
" They need to recapture the sense of freedom and possibility that the ' 60s were all about , " Smithers said .
" I would capture that hippie mystique .
This is a tie - dye market . "
Pressed a fourth and final time over coffee , Smithers again graciously dodged specific questions about how he might market marijuana .
However , he realizes that people are watching California .
He sees an opportunity , regardless of the referendum 's fate .
" The country and world will be looking at us over this , so I need to parlay that into : Come look at the redwoods ! " he said .
" If you think our pot will get you high , come look at the trees ! "
NEWS !
I 'm going to be at the Toronto Comics Arts Festival this weekend at the Reference Library , right downtown !
This is an awesome show - tons of comics , and it 's free to get in too !
You should TOTALLY COME OUT if you can .
I 'll be there along with so many other awesome cartoonists , many of whom are living in my house AS WE SPEAK .
( Actually only Joey Comeau and Emily Horne and Kate Beaton are living in my house AS WE SPEAK but that 's still pretty good ) .
I 'm on two panels : one 's Saturday at 3:30 called " Tracers , Photoshoppers , Cut & Pasters : Cheaters or Revolutionaries " and one 's Sunday at 2:15 and is called " The New Graphic Novelists : New Creators Transforming the Medium " .
I will be talkin ' about COMICS I guess !!
Okay remember this comic from a bit back ?
I have successfully unlocked " MAKING THIS SHIRT HAPPEN " .
I present to you the ultimate shirt for anyone who has ever worn clothes !
It says what you may well say in mirror every morning , so you no longer have to :
i am really excited about this shirt , you guys
One year ago today : i'm not making fun of the devil .
anyone to get 10 billion points in arcade nibbler is amazing and probably supernatural
– Ryan
Meet Don Blankenship , CEO of Massey Energy Company .
Blankenship is also on the Board of Directors of the US Chamber of Commerce .
In this speech above , he denies climate change , derisively refers to Speaker Pelosi , Senator Reid , and others as " greeniacs " , and calls them all crazy .
Watch the speech , you 'll see .
In his mind , " the greeniacs are taking over the world . "
Massey Energy Company , Blankenship 's highly successful strip - mining and mountaintop removal operation is the parent company of Performance Coal Co , where a tragic explosion occurred on April 5th .
As of this writing , 25 miners have died and 4 more are still missing .
Twenty - five families are without a loved one .
Four more may discover they have lost someone they love too .
29 families in all , forever changed by one single , violent event in a coal mine .
One single violent event in a coal mine run by a company so obsessed with profit it runs roughshod over employees ' and neighbors ' health and safety .
Here 's something else about Don Blankenship and Massey Energy Company : Blankenship spent over $ 1 million dollars along with other US Chamber buddies like Verizon to sponsor last year 's Labor Day Tea Party , also known as the " Friends of America Rally . "
Here 's Massey 's pitch .
Note how he makes it sound like he is n't one of the corporate enemies of America .
The Friends of America Rally featured such notables as Sean Hannity , Ted Nugent , and Hank Williams , Jr. , and was graced by Blankenship himself going off on a diatribe that seemed strange at the time , but has come to be commonplace these days .
It concerned President Obama , Democrats , and any one who does n't salute God , coal , and apple pie .
Oh , and we 're also going to ' steal their jobs , ' if Hannity is to be believed .
Blankenship and Massey Energy spend millions to defend unsafe workplaces
Even while coal dust settles on nearby schoolchildren , there are lessons to learn from this disaster about Massey Energy in general , and Don Blankenship in particular .
It seems that Performance Coal 's safety record is spotty , at best .
From the Mississippi Business Journal :
Massey ranks among the nation ’s top five coal producers and is among the industry ’s most profitable .
It has a spotty safety record .
The federal mine safety administration fined Massey a then - record $ 1.5 million for 25 violations that inspectors concluded contributed to the deaths of two miners trapped in a fire in January 2006 .
The company later settled a lawsuit naming it , several subsidiaries and Chief Executive Don Blankenship as defendants .
Aracoma Coal Co. later paid $ 2.5 million in fines after the company pleaded guilty to 10 criminal charges in the fire .
Massey and Blankenship also settled a lawsuit brought by the Manville Trust in 2007 with regard to workplace safety and environmental compliance .
The Manville Trust filed the case in July 2007 against company Chairman , CEO , and President Don Blankenship and certain other current and former officers and directors .
The plaintiff sought several corporate governance reforms , specifically regarding environmental compliance and worker safety .
Citing several incidents involving Massey Energy , including a major federal water pollution lawsuit , penalties for two coal miners ' tragic deaths and other safety and environmental compliance problems , the lawsuit claimed that a " conscious failure " by the defendants to ensure compliance with federal and state regulations and other legal obligations posed a " substantial threat of monetary liability for violations . "
Keep unions out , let teabaggers in
Don Blankenship inhabits a strange and bizarre world .
In his world :
It 's fine for elementary school - age children to inhale coal dust while playing at school because Massey Coal " already pays millions of dollars in taxes each year " .
Blankenship truly believes that government regulation means " we all better learn to speak Chinese . "
He has absolutely no problem paying $ 3 million to elect state Supreme Court justice Brent Benjamin just ahead of a scheduled hearing of his appeal to overturn a large damage award for driving competitor Harman Mining Corporation into bankruptcy .
Blankenship will spend millions to keep the Massey Energy 's workforce non-union , is perfectly happy to discriminate against union workers even if it means being sued and losing , and might hate unions as much as he hates ' greeniacs ' .
This is the same mine where the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) recently ruled that Spartan Mining illegally discriminated against 82 UMWA members by refusing to hire them because of their union membership status .
“ This settlement highlights yet again the treacherous and backhanded manner Massey treated the miners who had worked at the Cannelton mine for decades , ” UMWA International President Cecil E. Roberts said .
“ While it was discriminating against these experienced miners because of their age or union status , the company was at the same time publicly crying about the lack of experienced miners in the coalfields .
“ But it was n’t that Massey could n’t find experienced miners , ” Roberts said .
“ They were there all along and wanted to work .
It was that the company would rather break the law than allow its employees to have a strong voice at work and the tremendous benefits of a union contract .
Penny - wise , pound - foolish .
An investment in experienced workers trained in state - of - the art safety measures combined with OSHA compliance and mine safety measures might have saved at least 25 , and possibly 29 lives .
Instead Don Blankenship spent that money and more on a US Chamber of Commerce corporate - sponsored tea party to convince good , hard - working honest people to work against their best interests .
I hope those families take a large pound of flesh from him in return .
Buh - bye Luke !
After Bruising Ad Battle , AT&T Looks to Rebrand as Lifestyle Company
Telecom to Integrate All Communications Under ' Rethink Possible '
Theme , Introduce Updated Logo
NEW YORK ( AdAge.com ) -- AT&T is undertaking an ambitious rebranding effort under the banner " Rethink Possible " that includes a redesign that updates its trademark logo .
The new theme attempts to position AT&T as a lifestyle company and elevate it from the recent ad sniping with rival Verizon .
" Rethink Possible " will inform all advertising from the country 's fourth - largest spender going forward .
" It 's not going to be the old model that there 's brand work , and then there 's consumer work or enterprise work ; it 's all ' Rethink Possible , ' " said Senior VP - Brand Marketing and Advertising Esther Lee .
" All of our communications across all of these channels is ' Rethink Possible ' and this integration of design . "
The TV campaign from Omnicom Group 's BBDO introduces the tagline during the broadcast of the Masters golf tournament , which begins today .
Ms. Lee declined to provide specifics on creative , media mix or spending , but said the rolling launch is the beginning of an integrated campaign that includes print , outdoor , digital and " non-advertising marketing . "
AT&T spent $ 1.87 billion on measured media in 2009 , according to Kantar Media .
AT&T standbys such as rollover - minutes spots might disappear if they do n't fit under the new framework .
A new design will also roll out from Omnicom sibling Interbrand that , among other things , trades in the $ 125 billion company 's characteristic orange coloring on retail locations and packaging for more colors .
The AT&T globe will also now appear alone without the copy " AT&T " beside it .
Other agencies handling work include Publicis Group 's Razorfish and design consultancy Frog Design .
The goal is to move AT&T 's brand perception among consumers from telecommunications company to innovation company .
" There 's so much innovation happening at the company that I think people do n't know , " said Ms. Lee .
" We spend an average $ 18 billion to $ 19 billion a year on our network , our technology and our inventions in order to drive the future of how people are going to live on our network . "
The brand launch follows reports that the iPhone will soon be available on Verizon .
AT&T's iPhone exclusivity expires this year , after the carrier 's been under fire for dropped calls on its data - stressed network .
Aided by the iPhone , in 2009 , AT&T netted 7.3 million wireless subscribers , the company 's best - ever annual total .
This is the first major shift in AT&T messaging since Ms. Lee , a former global chief creative officer for Coca - Cola , took the lead on brand marketing , ad creative and media strategy last summer .
Prior to AT&T , Ms. Lee was CEO - North America of global brands for Euro RSCG Worldwide .
Even with that resume , Ms. Lee calls this move to recast AT&T as a lifestyle company in many ways the " most complex thing I 've ever done . "
" We set a high bar for ourselves , " she said .
" ' Rethink Possible ' is also how we 'll have to approach our marketing . "
Shift from Verizon ad wars
The new approach veers from the telecom ad wars that AT&T and No. 1 wireless carrier Verizon have waged over 3G coverage .
Verizon started the fight with its " There 's a map for that " ads that claimed AT&T 's coverage is spotty and less expansive ; AT&T responded with ads featuring Luke Wilson that refuted those claims , along with a lawsuit .
One thing 's for sure : " Rethink Possible " is a definitive attempt to change that defensive back and forth .
" It 's dominated more our industry conversation than our consumer conversation , " Ms. Lee said in response to the Verizon ad wars , adding that it 's time to " get past the competitive conversation and talk about what 's in it for the consumers . "
Zooming out from AT&T voice services will mean shining a brighter light on new products and apps out of AT&T 's emerging devices arm -- products that require AT&T data network to operate .
AT&T seems to be focusing on creating a demand for the internet since with more usage , AT&T sells more wireless service .
Ms. Lee points to the company 's recent consumer cloud applications announced at the mobile conference CTIA that provide a way for customers to store addresses , photos and music on the internet to be accessible across devices .
AT&T will also soon release a mini cell - tower to improve service in customer 's homes .
AT&T's aim to be seen as an innovation company is reminiscent of General Electric 's ad efforts in 2009 .
The conglomerate most often associated with light bulbs supported a major push to tout its improvements in smart - grid technology and health care .
GE agencies for the work also included BBDO , as well as Goodby Silverstein & Partners and Barbarian Group .
See Also : 10 Major Rebranding Disasters And What You Should Learn From Them
A long - gestating musical from the “ South Park ” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone , and Robert Lopez , a co-creator of “ Avenue Q , ” is bound for Broadway in March 2011 , its producers said Wednesday .
Continuing the “ South Park ” tradition of satirizing every organized religion from Roman Catholicism to Scientology , the musical , called “ The Book of Mormon , ” will juxtapose a tale of two young Mormon missionaries with the story of Joseph Smith , who founded Mormonism in the 19th century ( a topic that “ South Park ” has covered ) .
Mr. Stone and Mr. Parker wrote the book , music and lyrics with Mr. Lopez , a Tony Award winner for “ Avenue Q. ” Mr. Parker will direct with Jason Moore ( “ Avenue Q , ” “ Shrek the Musical ” ) .
Scott Rudin and Anne Garefino will produce “ The Book of Mormon ” ; no cast or theater has been announced .
In January Off Broadway ’s New York Theater Workshop announced plans to produce the musical this August and September .
A workshop spokesman noted that “ Rent ” and two Claudia Shear comedies began there , adding , “ I am sorry this show is n’t following the same route . ”
A spokesman for the Broadway production said : “ The workshop did help with a previous reading , but then a decision was made to go directly to Broadway . ”
We live in a world that is constantly in motion .
Some things move very quickly and can seem like a blur , but with photography , we can freeze time and get a better look at the action .
Action photography is all about timing – being in the right place at the right time .
It ’s also important to be knowledgeable about what you ’re shooting , so you know the best moment to take the shot .
In this article , we ’ve rounded up 30 examples of perfectly timed action photography .
To see larger versions of the photographs and to learn more about both the photograph and photographer , be sure to click on the images .
Infographic : HTC EVO 4G vs. Droid Incredible
Android is on a roll .
The relatively young mobile operating system by Google just overtook iPhone sales figures last month .
Android fanboys ( and fangirls ) are already emerging even though the major Froyo v2.2 update has n’t even been made available for most devices just yet ( except Nexus One ) .
The Droid Incredible is one of HTC ’s best packages and Verizon ’s best smartphone .
And it ’s selling out quicker than it ’s getting stocked .
Then comes the HTC EVO 4G .
It ’s one of the most revolutionary phones for the U.S. Market as it sports 4G mobile broadband , a front - facing camera for video chat , an 8 person mobile hotspot feature , and an overly large 4.3 inch display .
As with any gadget , there are pros and cons .
We hope that this infographic can help seal the deal on helping you decide which phone is best for you .
If you have n’t read our review of Verizon ’s HTC Droid Incredible , it ’s worth a read .
We were lucky enough to pick up a HTC EVO 4G at Google I/ O 2010 and although our full in - dpeth review is n’t yet published , we have posted some great high - resolution product shots .
UPDATE : EVO 4G vs. iPhone 4 vs. Droid X Infographic here !
Both phones are for the most part similarly matched .
While the HTC EVO has an edge due to its 4G compatibility , coverage is limited to just 32 cities at the moment .
While the EVO ’s large screen is a plus , it might be a bit bulky for some .
The Droid Incredible offers a competitive advantage with 8GB internal storage , which when paired with a 32 GB microSD card offers more storage capacity than the HTC EVO .
Verizon Wireless does arguably offer the best cellular coverage nationwide and the largest customer base ; however , their pricing plans are more expensive than Sprint ’s rates .
Then again , the EVO does offer Skype Mobile Video Chat , 720 p video recordings , and HDMI output .
Deciding between these two phones might be a clear - cut decision for some but a hard choice for others ; however I ’ll assure you one thing : neither phone will disappoint .
So , the big question , which one are you buying ?
Editors Note : Contributed by Sharath Shroff , Sahas Katta , Jacob Mederos , and Ian Thackston .
A teenage girl was allegedly sexually assaulted in Dannevirke last night .
Police spokesman Allan Mullacrane said the girl was walking south of Guy Street about 7 pm when she was approached by two men in a silver car .
The 16 - year - old kept walking but the passenger then jumped out of the car , grabbed her and bundled her into the front seat of the car , which was similar to a Subaru .
They sped to the outskirts of the town via Guy Street and Ruahine Street before stopping in Umutaoroa Road , opposite number 58 .
" The two men have then bundled the girl out of the car and over a wire fence into a nearby paddock , where she was sexually assaulted , " Mr Mullacrance said .
" They then left her in the paddock and the girl walked from there to a friends , at which point the police were called . "
Police wanted to hear from anyone who saw the four - door sedan , which has a dent in the rear bumper and with its back number plate on an angle .
The driver was Maori , of big build , about 1.8 m tall and aged about 25 .
He was wearing a singlet and track pants .
He had a spiral tattoo on right upper arm .
The passenger was Maori , of small build , with blue eyes .
Both had their faces covered .
You know what happens when you give EVO 4Gs to a room full of some of the brightest developers the world has to offer ?
Well , [ expletive ] is going to go down , that 's what -- so it comes as little surprise that the phone 's already been blessed with a seemingly functional Froyo port , even though neither the phone nor the operation system have even seen a public release yet .
The largest distribution of the EVO so far has come at the hands of Google itself , which provided the Android 2.1 - and Sense - equipped handsets to attendees of its recent IO conference ; a timely upgrade to Android 2.2 has unquestionably been a big sticking point for would - be buyers , though , so it 's good to see that early owners are already hard at work making this happen .
Root is naturally required for the 2.2 port to work -- and there will undoubtedly be some hurdles to overcome to make this totally usable -- but we have full faith in these lovely wunderkinds .
Follow the break for video evidence of a Froyo'd EVO in the wild .
As President Barack Obama , speaking last week in Buffalo , N.Y. , was assuring the country that “ our economy is growing again , ” the usual large number of unemployed lined up at a community aid center in Los Angeles for food , clothing , advice and help finding a job .
“ For us , it is getting worse , ” said Jan Maseda , who runs the center , one of several founded by Lutheran churches .
Her clientele has doubled to 300 a day in the past year and a half of the recession .
The confident - looking , eloquent Obama , who spoke Thursday , stood in sharp contrast to the chronically unemployed at the community care center in a struggling section of L.A. ’s San Fernando Valley .
Most of them had been out of work for months or years .
“ We are exploding , ” said Maseda .
“ We ’re now seeing white - collar families , people living in their cars . ”
I visited the LSS ( Lutheran Social Services ) Community Center to learn more about the long - term unemployed after reading a report —
“ No End in Sight : The Agony of Prolonged Unemployment ” — just released by the John S. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development of Rutgers University .
The report said , “ Despite positive signs of economic growth and a rising stock market , millions of unemployed Americans see no end to the Great Recession that wrecked their finances and threw their lives into turmoil … the vast majority of jobless Americans have not found new jobs .
When they did find work , all but a few took pay cuts and lost benefits .
Among those still searching for work — many for more than a year — are millions who have never been without a job and who have at least a college education . ”
Debbie Borie - Holtz , Carl Van Horn and Cliff Zukin surveyed 1,202 men and women who were unemployed in August 2009 , and the three researchers were able to reconnect with 908 of these people in March 2010 .
They wrote , “ It is remarkable that fully two - thirds ( 67 % ) of those jobless last August were still jobless this March , and 12 % had given up looking for jobs .
Since August , the number of job seekers searching for more than seven months rose from 48 % to 70 % .
Over half do not think they will find a new job in the near future even though 73 % are willing to take a pay cut and 77 % are willing to change careers in order to get a job . ”
For a substantial number , there is no safety net .
Almost 50 percent are not receiving unemployment insurance .
A small number of these still have health insurance .
With the federal and state governments pulling back , the long - term unemployed are increasingly dependent on the kindness of nonprofit social service agencies for health care and other services .
Those coming into the Los Angeles center for help are a cross section of the unemployed .
“ We had a writer in here , ” one worker told me .
“ He had a great CV .
He was embarrassed to come here .
He did n’t have enough money to pay his utility bill . ”
The center paid the bill .
“ Lots of the people coming in are dressed exactly as you are , ” Maseda said , noting my chinos , sport coat and button - down sport shirt .
Machinists , teachers , car washers , short - order cooks , computer technicians , hotel workers , secretaries , horse groomers , sales people and construction workers are among them .
Some are developmentally disabled men and women who would have found work in better times .
Some are substance - addicted and / or mentally ill .
Some are recently discharged veterans of the Iraq or Afghanistan war .
The vets usually are in their early 20s , having entered the service at 18 .
Despite the promise of Army recruiting ads , four years of combat has left them with no marketable skills and often with severe mental troubles .
Using a state grant of $ 500,000 , the center provided job training and helped the veterans find jobs .
But the administration of California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ended the program , and the veterans ’ room at the center is unused .
Obama ’s main point in Buffalo was “ [t ] his month was better than last month .
Next month is going to be stronger than this one .
And next year is going to be better than this year .
…
We are on a course that is working . ”
But Obama also acknowledged the plight of the long - term unemployed . “ … [ I ] f you are still looking for a job out there , it ’s still a recession , ” he said . “…
It ’s not a real recovery until people feel it in their lives , until Americans who want work can find it , until families can pay bills and send their kids to college . ”
The nation is far from such a recovery .
Many of the businesses that are now more profitable have done it by shedding jobs .
You see it whenever you encounter a phone answering system that has replaced office workers .
The short - term impact of this is severe .
In their study , the Rutgers researchers found that “ [t ] he emotional upheaval felt by those who have been looking for work for so long range from physical distress to isolation and , worse , substance abuse , loss of self - confidence , and isolation . ”
Unemployment affects whole families .
The insecurity of being raised by frightened and constantly stressed parents will shape the behavior of the children of the unemployed , just as it did with the children of the Great Depression .
Moreover , they will have a harder time than their parents did in getting the training necessary to compete in a technological economy .
The state university near the community center I visited is restricting admissions and raising tuition , as are other universities in a public education system that once offered opportunity for all .
The pain of this recession will be with us for many years .
30 Years of Legal Experience
Let a knowledgeable and experienced lawyer handle your legal concerns .
When you require legal representation , turn to Dale E Bennett Law Office in Westwood , KS .
Each of our attorneys have 30 years of legal experience .
Contact our law firm today for professional legal solutions .
Pad
Thai is essentially a stir - fry and requires little more than chopping and stirring .
It comes together in less than a half - hour .
Some ingredients in this recipe may be unfamiliar .
The first are the noodles themselves : rice stick noodles , which are pale , translucent , flat and range from very thin to more than a quarter - inch wide .
Unlike semolina pasta , rice stick noodles do n’t need to be boiled ; instead , you soak them in hot water until they ’re tender .
Meanwhile , make a sauce from tamarind paste , now easily found in larger supermarkets or online .
The paste , made from the pulp of the tamarind pod , is very sour , but more complex than citrus .
It can vary widely in its potency , so be sure to taste as you go .
Fish sauce ( nam pla ) is another important ingredient .
Made from fermented anchovies ( and much like the garum of ancient Rome ) , it has an unappealing smell and a fabulous taste .
Honey and rice vinegar round things out .
Featured in : Pad Thai , An Easy Stir Fry .
Laura
Hall admitted being drunk and disorderly and breaching the order
A woman who was the first person to be banned from drinking alcohol in a public place anywhere in England and Wales has been fined for being drunk .
Laura Hall , 20 , admitted breaching the drinking banning order and being drunk and disorderly in a public place .
Redditch Magistrates
Court heard she was arrested holding a can of beer in Bromsgrove early on Sunday .
Hall , of no fixed address , was fined £ 100 , plus court costs of £ 85 and ordered to pay a £ 15 victim surcharge .
She was arrested by West Mercia Police just after 0200 BST after she was seen sitting on a wall with friends and holding the beer can in Worcester Road , a designated alcohol - free zone .
' Considerable problem '
Stephen Harris , prosecuting , said a police officer warned her not to drink any alcohol but she shouted , swore and said she wanted more beer from an off - licence .
Katie Oliver , defending , said Hall had been drinking at a friend 's house on Saturday night and admitted having the can of lager in her possession but denied drinking from it .
She said Hall has a " difficult " relationship with her parents and a " considerable problem " with alcohol , adding : " She does not offend when she is not intoxicated . "
The ban , imposed by magistrates in Kidderminster last month , prohibited Hall from entering a pub , bar , club or off - licence for two years .
She is also banned from buying alcohol in any public place across England and Wales .
Varanasi , on the banks of the river Ganga , is one of the holiest cities for Hindus in India .
It is more popularly known as Benares or Kashi , both old names that can be found in colonial as well as medieval accounts .
For pious Hindus , Kashi is where one goes to die .
Death in Kashi is supposed to release a soul from the cycle of rebirth , into a final and limitless liberation .
Some Hindus seek to live out their last days in Kashi ; others specifically ask that their bodies be cremated on Manikarnika Ghat , a stepped embankment that is considered to be the city ’s most hallowed cremation site .
In early January I was in Benares — an auspicious start to the year .
One evening my two companions and I engaged a boat to another famous ghat , Dasasvamedh , so that we could watch evening prayers offered to the Ganga .
After we had finished admiring the spectacular hour - long prayers from the water , the boatman asked me whether I wanted him to take us further , to Manikarnika .
“ Most visitors to this city go there , ” he said , pulling out of a small traffic jam of boats , all of which carried spectators like us .
“ After dusk you can see the flames more clearly than in the daytime . ”
I pictured the sight in my mind , and then declined his offer .
“ Take us back to Assi Ghat , ” I said , referring to the place where we had boarded the boat .
The boatman , a funny and talkative fellow , wanted to know why I did not wish to see Manikarnika with its burning pyres spectacular in the early evening darkness , and its promise of eternal liberation for those being cremated .
I reminded him that among most Hindu communities , women are not encouraged to look at a dead body or attend a funeral , even within the immediate family .
“ Ah yes , ” he assented , turning the boat around to take us back .
“ A woman has to be a mother .
If she sees death , she will not be able to give birth . ”
I nodded in agreement , and we proceeded into the damp misty air over the water that was strangely warm on a cold January night .
It is indeed an old Hindu belief that those who are responsible for the birth and care of new life ought to be shielded from the realization of our ineluctable mortality .
Piety was n’t my real reason for avoiding Manikarnika , though .
I am scarcely religious at all in my personal life .
The truth is I felt a visceral distaste for the idea of watching bodies burn , relatives mourn the dead , and bones and ashes be carried away by the waters of the holy river .
I could not bring myself to crash a stranger ’s cremation as though it were some kind of sound - and - light show for the entertainment of tourists like me .
There was n’t a dearth of death in Benares ; as one walked or drove on its streets , small groups of men bearing the dead on biers kept passing by with little fanfare about the nature of their procession .
I saw many more dead bodies in three days in Benares than I had seen in the preceding thirty years .
Unlike other Indian cities , this one does not go out of its way to separate and shield the living and the dead from one another .
The two categories of bodies form a continuum ; life and death remain in conversation with one another .
At the Kashi Vishwanath Mandir , a gold - spired temple to Shiva in the heart of Benares , and the very seat and nerve center of the city ’s spiritual power , one experiences the body not only as utterly vital , but also as inseparable from other bodies .
The temple as it stands today was built in the last quarter of the 18th century under the patronage of a queen , Maharani Ahalya Bai Holkar , of Indore .
A few decades later , around 1840 , two of its domes were covered with gold , thanks to the king of Punjab , Maharaja Ranjit Singh .
But it is said that the site itself has been holy for thousands of years .
A mass of devotees and visitors enters the sanctum sanctorum in a single unbroken surge , pushed through a tiny door in and a tiny door out .
Shiva , signified through his mark or sign ( “ linga ” ) in the form of an erect phallus , is the regnant deity of Kashi .
The city is balanced , it is said in ancient Hindu mythology , on the trident of Shiva , his characteristic weapon .
To see the Shiva - linga inside the Vishwanath Temple , which is known as a Sign of Light ( “ jyotirlinga ” ) , one has to become completely oblivious of the limits of one ’s corporeal self .
The crowd pushes one forward to the god ; after a brief glimpse , the crowd pulls one away from him .
As I join the line of waiting devotees , I too carry the usual offerings : a pot of milk , a bag of rose petals , and my faith ( “ shraddha ” in Sanskrit ) that allows me to regard this place as holy .
How these offerings leave my hands and pour onto the god , I do not know .
How I am propelled towards Shiva and then back out into the temple ’s tranquil courtyard , I can not say .
Somewhere in the midst of a hundred keening bodies is the body I call my own , but I have no sense of where it might begin or end , or how I might gather myself to myself so as to leave out those who surround and engulf me .
In the precincts of the temple , bodies are water , they ebb and flow as one river .
After spending an hour or two in this way , I am rendered so forgetful of my own physical boundaries and needs , that I leave the temple , its street , and its labyrinthine neighborhood of narrow winding alleys without retrieving the shoes I had removed before entering the temple .
Only when I reach the main road do I realize that I had walked away barefoot .
The inhabitants of Benares love their food and drink , especially their desserts and their intoxicants .
It is almost as though their awareness of death makes them live all the more intensely , sucking the marrow out of life , as it were .
Their foods are rich : sweet , fried or spicy ; they drink , smoke and eat cannabis in different forms ; their streets are filthy and chaotic but possessed of an almost maniacal zest for physical indulgence that cannot be found in any other city on the Indian subcontinent , not even materialistic Bombay .
Their god , Shiva , is supposed to dance so wildly that he can destroy the world with his dancing .
Everything about Benares has an intensity bordering on madness ; no wonder people say that once you come to this city of Shiva , you only leave when you leave your body .
Kashi has its finger on life ’s pulse .
Yet it calls itself death ’s last outpost ; it is the gateway from the bondage of living and dying , into the great unknown .
Shiva must have appeared in Benares in a time before history .
But adjacent to Benares is another holy place , Sarnath , the site of the Budhha ’s inaugural sermon , some 2,500 years ago , very much within the purview of history .
The Buddha too had renounced his kingship and his worldly relationships , attachments and possessions after he first encountered , with shock and disbelief , the facts of sickness , suffering and death .
It was the knowledge of death that transformed the Sakya prince Siddhartha into Gautama Buddha , the Enlightened One .
It is fitting that he too preached a path to liberation from the city where all are set free : Kashi , on the banks of the Ganga , the most sacred of life - giving rivers .
In India it makes sense that Manikarnika , the holiest burning ghat , Vishwanath , the greatest temple of Shiva , and Sarnath , the locus of the Buddha ’s first teaching , all share the same space : Kashi , where death is defied by living life to its fullest and then transcending mortality altogether in an indescribable freedom .
Anyone who goes to Benares is reminded at once of the desires and pleasures of the body , and also of its evanescent nature , its fragile frame that comes marked with an expiry date .
Outside the Vishwanath temple , in the twisting alleyway filled with pilgrims , policemen , and sellers of all kinds of wares both sacred and profane , we stop to taste an extraordinary local delicacy , malaiyya .
To make this heavenly sweet you cook milk for so long that it becomes a pot full of fine milky froth , with the solids completely separated out .
Into this delicate foam go a few precious threads of saffron , cardamom pods and sugar .
To eat it is to taste fragrance , to inhale flavor , to experience how the lightest , slightest food can produce the most profound satisfaction of one ’s appetite .
I raise my baked clay cup full of malaiyya to the sky and drink to Shiva , whose body is the world , and who holds death in his throat , neither spitting nor swallowing , to the very end of time .
The Singing Frog – Have You READ Arizona ’s Immigration Law ( video ) ?
I must confess that my reaction to Arizona ’s law concerning immigration was distasteful on its face .
So why did n’t I actually read the law ?
I was too busy knee - jerking .
That ’s not going to happen again .
Watch the freaking frog and let me know what you think :
In March when we roadtripped to Marfa , I accidentally stumbled into a strangle little bootshop .
I was soon to find out that this was the home of Cobra Rock Boot Company .
Designers Logan Caldbeck and Colt Miller do one boot and one boot only , and its kind of an amazing cross between a cowboy and a desert boot .
The boots are in high demand , and due to the grueling bootmaking process and very limited production , I was told it would not be until December that I got my pair .
It looks like Christmas came early , because they arrived at my doorstep just a few days ago !
Gorgeous !
When getting into a debate , it is important to be able to frame the debate in such a way as to give yourself an advantage from the start .
Many wealthy promoters of high population growth would like us to believe that the debate about population is a debate about competing values .
Pro-population growth advocates see more value in the economic opportunities of population growth and advocates of stable population see more value in being sustainable and protecting the environment .
The hitch in the rich and powerfuls ’ economic argument , is that the economic benefits of high population growth are strongly in favour of the rich .
This means that their judgment might not be completely unbiased .
The 2006 Productivity Commission Report ( Economic Impacts of Migration and Population Growth ) initiated by none other than Peter “… one for Mum , one for Dad and one for the country ” Costello , clearly states on page 151 :
Advertisement
Migration has a neutral to mildly positive effect on overall living standards .
The distribution of these benefits varies across the population , with gains mostly accrued to the skilled migrants and capital owners .
The incomes of existing resident workers grow more slowly than would otherwise be the case .
Factors other than migration and population growth are more important to growth in productivity and living standards .
The incomes of existing resident workers grow more slowly than would otherwise be the case .
It is understandable that sustainability is complex and hard to passionately support .
It is understandable that the public is slow to support a difficult concept like biodiversity protection .
It is amazing , though , that the public is generally in support of a policy which reduces their incomes and specifically increases the wealth of already wealthy people .
Since the rich benefit the most from high immigration and population growth it is not surprising that the richest are the strongest advocates of high immigration and population growth .
Richard Pratt wanted 50 million in Australia by 2020 ( Australia ’s Population Challenge , edited by Vizard , Martin and Watts , Penguin Books , 2003 ) .
Another of Australia ’s top ten rich list , Harry Triguboff , wants 150 million in Australia and 20 million in Sydney by 2050 .
It is more surprising that the average Australian , who will be worse off with high immigration and a fast growing population , has n’t been angrier about successive government ’s high population policies .
It is n’t completely unexpected , though , because when society ’s “ winners ” , the rich and powerful , are telling us that we should increase our population and the leadership of both major political parties agree , it must seem like an obvious policy choice .
Of course , community opinions are more shades of grey , than black and white .
A recent Business Spectator poll of CEOs found that 91 per cent of CEOs surveyed said that population growth would have a net positive effect on the Australian economy and 79 per cent expected a positive impact on the future of the country .
That means 12 per cent of CEOs think that even though population growth is good for the economy , they do n’t think it would be good for the future of the country .
Apparently all CEOs do n’t have the same values as Harry Triguboff .
Advertisement
Our economic and political leaders tell us that population increase is inevitable , as if they had nothing to do with the immigration rates which accounted for two thirds of the population increase last year .
Then they tell us that we must learn to accept in - fill developments in our most beautiful suburbs ; we must have water restrictions ; we must use public transport more often ; and we must accept that we wo n’t be able to live in a detached house on a quarter acre block any more .
They say that paying higher prices for food , electricity , water , housing and transport are just things that are going to happen in the future .
Nothing that can be done about it .
Some even say that we should learn to be vegetarians , to reduce our ecological footprint .
I doubt they are telling any of their wealthy mates that they have to live in a flat and become a vegetarian .
Real estate developers make big profits speculating on increased population , but when a new desalinisation plant is needed to provide water for the people filling up those real estate developments , the government wo n’t be asking Harry Triguboff to pay for it .
They will be asking you and me .
In late 1989 , Mr. Tilousi ’s uncle Rex Tilousi approached John Martin , an Arizona State University anthropologist who had gained the tribe ’s trust , to ask if he knew a doctor who could help .
“ I asked him , ‘ How can we prevent this from spreading ? ’ ” the elder Mr. Tilousi recalled .
Professor Martin approached Dr. Markow .
A link had recently been reported between a genetic variant and the high rate of diabetes among Pima Indians .
If a similar link was found among the Havasupai , it might point to an important risk factor .
The two professors received money from the university to study diabetes in the tribe .
Dr. Markow was interested in schizophrenia research as well , and in the summer of 1990 , with a grant from the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression , she and her graduate students began collecting blood samples in Supai .
Women here remember being happy to see her in those days , an athletic figure who talked to them about how to be more healthy .
Working out of the health clinic in the center of the village , Dr. Markow recruited tribe members to ask others to give blood .
To the Havasuapi , blood has deep spiritual meaning .
“ I went and told people , if they have their blood taken , it would help them , ” said Floranda Uqualla , 46 , whose parents and grandparents suffered from diabetes .
“ And we might get a cure so that our people wo n’t have to leave our canyon . ”
Roughly 100 tribe members who gave blood from 1990 to 1994 signed a broad consent that said the research was to “ study the causes of behavioral / medical disorders . ”
The consent form was purposely simple , Dr. Markow said , given that English was a second language for many Havasupai , and few of the tribe ’s 650 members had graduated from high school .
They were always given the opportunity to ask questions , she said , and students were also instructed to explain the project and get written and verbal consent from donors .
Dr. Markow examined several genes that were thought to have medical relevance , including for schizophrenia , metabolic disorders and alcoholism , she said , but found little to pursue .
The Havasupai did not , it turned out , share the gene variant linked to diabetes in the Pima .
But a few years later , a graduate student using new technology came up with a way to discern variations in the Havasupai DNA , which was stored in a university freezer , and he wrote a dissertation based on his research .
MORGANTOWN , West Virginia – I 'm not going to make a big deal of this , although some dug deep in the trenches of the Middle East debate might .
But America 's top military officer would n’t rule the possibility today of U.S. forces firing on Israeli jets , if Israel launched a pre-emptive strike on Iran .
In a town hall on the campus of West Virginia University , a young Air Force ROTC cadet asked Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm .
Mike Mullen to respond to a " rumor . "
If Israel decided to attack Iran , the speculation went , those jet would need to fly through Iraqi airspace to reach their targets .
That airspace is considered a " no- fly " zone by the American military .
So might U.S. troops shoot down the Israeli jets , the airmen asked the chairman , if they breached that airspace ?
Mullen tried to sidestep the question .
" We have an exceptionally strong relationship with Israel .
I 've spent a lot of time with my counterpart in Israel .
So we also have a very clear understanding of where we are .
And beyond that , I just would n’t get into the speculation of what might happen and who might do what .
I do n’t think it serves a purpose , frankly , " he said .
" I am hopeful that this will be resolved in a way where we never have to answer a question like that . "
The cadet followed - up : " Would an airmen like me ever be ordered to fire on an Israeli – aircraft or personnel ? "
Mullen 's second answer was much the same as his first .
" Again , I would n't move out into the future very far from here .
They 're an extraordinarily close ally , have been for a long time , and will be in the future , " the admiral said .
Does this represent a shift in American policy towards Israel ?
Some signal that the U.S. would stop an Israeli first strike at the final moment ?
Probably not .
I 'd guess this is Mullen trying not to wade further into treacherous waters .
But it was interesting to hear America 's top military officer decline to knock down the idea that U.S. troops might fire on America 's closest ally in the Middle East .
[ PHOTO : The Joint Staff via Flickr ]
According to a recent study by casual game developer PopCap , nearly a quarter of internet users play games on social networks -- but the age of those players can differ significantly across regions .
In its " 2010 PopCap Social Gaming Research " report , the company found that fully two - thirds of social game players in the United States are 40 years of age or older , while the majority of players in the United Kingdom are under the age of 40 .
The ages of 30 to 49 seems to roughly be the transatlantic casual gaming sweet spot .
Both nations have at least 40 percent of their social gamers in those ages .
And below 30 , social game activity in the U.S. tapers off significantly , while the same is true in the U.K. for ages above 49 .
Meanwhile , twice as many U.K. twenty - somethings ( 22 percent of those 22 to 29 years of age ) play social games as in the U.S.
Young adults and teens in both countries are the least interested in playing games on sites like Facebook and MySpace : only 9 percent of U.K. casual gamers are 21 years of age or younger , and the proportion is only 4 percent in the States .
The statistics may reflect generational differences in the adoption of certain new communication trends in the two countries .
It is possible older internet users in the U.K. have been less receptive to social networking and social gaming -- or that the younger generation in that country has simply picked it up even faster than in the United States .
Some demographics are less variable .
The gender breakdown in both countries reflects a somewhat higher proportion of female users , with that imbalance slightly higher in the U.K. : 58 percent of U.K. social gamers are female , versus 54 percent in the U.S .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
When you buy olive oil labeled Cold Pressed Extra Virgin Olive Oil , you think you 're getting the best of all possible salad oils .
If it is what the label says , especially if it 's from Italy , you assume that you are getting the healthiest oil possible .
But is that really true ?
There have been several cases of fraud discovered in the olive oil industry over the last two decades .
Hardly anyone gets prosecuted , although a lot of doctored oil gets destroyed .
There is no third party to determine whether the oil is pure virgin olive oil , whether it is mixed with partially hydrogenated oils , soy , hazelnut , or canola , or whether it is from other places outside Italy , the world 's largest source of olive oil .
Companies have been caught red handed doing this with huge volumes of oil .
Very little comes of it as the heads of big edible oil producers in Italy are often politically well connected .
The producers ' attitude is that if it smells good and tastes good , it 's good oil .
There is no mention of cheating on the health benefits of pure olive oil .
The hard fact is simply most what is labeled extra virgin olive oil is n't .
It 's not required to display " partially hydrogenated " on the labels of olive oils mixed with up to 20 % of other hydrogenated oils .
Partially hydrogenating keeps liquid vegetable seed or nut oils processed with heat or chemicals from going rancid .
It extends shelf life .
But these partially hydrogenated oils create many of the health problems that plague us , including obesity , diabetes , cardiovascular diseases , and even cancer .
If you consider how hazelnut , soy , canola , and other oils are transported by ship , then transported by rail to refineries who process them , then mixed with olive oil that 's been sitting in silos , and then bottled and shipped out to different countries to sit on shelves until purchased , there has to be some processing and hydrogenating of those oils for it to last all that time .
When these are mixed with olive oil , the health benefits of olive oil are nullified while the toxicity of processed , partially hydrogenated oils invades our bodies .
You can't trust those big plastic bottles in discount stores and supermarkets that are labeled extra virgin or virgin olive oil .
The oil from 100 % pure cold pressed olives does have a long enough shelf life without hydrogenation , two to three years , The health benefits of olive oil 's polyphenols , antioxidants , vitamins and minerals remain intact for the consumer .
For pure premium olive oil , olives are picked by hand , not by machine , to keep the olives intact and to keep out the leaves and twigs .
Then it has to be cold pressed within a short time to separate the oil without heat or chemicals .
Centrifuges are often used , but purists use traditional stone pressing .
Centrifuges require water that rinses many of the water soluble antioxidant polyphenols away .
Thus stone pressing is better .
The oil should be stored in tinted glass bottles or stainless steel cans .
Oil will leech chemicals from plastic .
Traditional small producers often provide unfiltered oil , which will show up as cloudy or with some sediment , and they use organic olives .
These olive oils will be pricier .
But using less will benefit your health much more than using more of the cheaper stuff .
If you can't find a source you can trust , visit the Natural News store for some great olive oil options .
Natural News Store ( olive oils ) The Olive Oil ScandalOlive Oil Imports Deceptive LabelingSlippery Business , online , Tom MuellerPaul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
. . . oder doch ?
Republicans introduced a new argument against Elena Kagan 's nomination today , suggesting she believes in banning books .
In an interview on NBC's " Meet the Press , " Minority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) pointed to the argument Kagan 's office made before the Supreme Court in Citizens United vs. FEC , a controversial campaign finance case .
ADVERTISEMENT
" Solicitor Kagan 's office in the initial hearing argued that it would be OK to ban books , " McConnell said .
" And then when there was a rehearing Solicitor Kagan herself in her first Supreme Court argument suggested that it might be OK to ban pamphlets .
" I think that 's very troubling , and this whole area of her view of the First Amendment and political speech is something that ought to be explored by the Judiciary Committee and by the full Senate , " McConnell said .
In the case in question , Chief Justice John Roberts asked the government lawyer whether the law in question could also prevent the publication of a campaign - related book , if it was paid for by a corporation or labor union .
“ If it 's a 500 - page book , and at the end it says , ' and so vote for x , ' the government could ban that ? ” Roberts asked .
Kagan 's deputy , Malcolm L. Stewart , said yes .
" We could prohibit the publication of that book , " he responded .
In a later oral argument , Kagan slightly modified that position , but still found herself arguing that the government could ban certain pamphlets , depending on who paid for their publication .
" And if you say that you are not going to apply it to a book , what about a pamphlet ? "
Roberts asked .
“ A pamphlet would be different .
A pamphlet is pretty classic electioneering , so there is no attempt to say that [ law ] only applies to video and not to print , " Kagan responded .
Shortly after McConnell 's comments , his office highlighted the case in an e-mail to reporters , suggesting famous pamphlets like Thomas Paine 's " Common Sense " and the Federalist Papers could be banned under Kagan 's logic .
Myth : The Bible is morally pure and free from atrocity .
Fact :
The Bible if filled with countless acts of barbarism and tyranny .
Summary
The Bible is filled with countless stories of aggressive warmongering , genocide , pillaging , plundering , wanton destruction , sexual slavery , rape , misogyny , child abuse , homophobia , unfair laws , cruel and unusual punishment , the punishment of innocents , and brutal chattel slavery .
God himself authorized all this , as entire chapters of alleged direct quotes from Jehovah show .
Argument
The Bible is filled with countless barbaric acts and tyrannical laws , almost all of them commanded by God .
The following examples refute any claim that the Bible is an infallible source of morality , decency or fairness .
But before we proceed , let 's pre-empt three defenses commonly made by Christians .
The first is that any atrocious laws we find in the Bible were written by fallible humans , not God .
However , nearly all laws in the Bible are presented as direct quotes from God , copied verbatim by religious leaders like Moses .
Take , for example , Leviticus 20:1,9 :
The Lord said to Moses … " If anyone curses his father or mother , he must be put to death . "
This is what the Lord Almighty says : " Now go , attack the Amalekites and totally destroy everything that belongs to them .
Do not spare them ; put to death men and women , children and infants , cattle and sheep , camels and donkeys . "
The second defense is that levitical law is obsolete and no longer valid today .
But that argument is off - point : the presence of any atrocity or unfairness in the Bible , at any time in history , invalidates it as a source of eternal truth and morality .
The third defense is that humans do not have a right to kill or commit atrocities , but God does .
However , this is not a defense , but a capitulation .
The atrocities and immoralities listed here should be even less expected of a fair and perfect God .
Here , then , is the list that every Christian should know :
War , genocide and war crimes
To make room for Israel in the Promised Land , God ordered the " total destruction " of the seven nations that were already occupying it .
( Deuteronomy 7:1,2 . )
The genocide was to be absolute , encompassing both people and animals : " Do not leave alive anything that breathes . " ( Deuteronomy 20:16 . )
Once Israel had thus conquered the Promised Land , God ordered Israel to initiate numerous wars of aggression , killing all captive men and non-virgin women , and bringing any virgin women into sexual slavery .
( Numbers 31:7,17 - 18 . )
God even ordered the suckling infants of the enemy to be massacred .
( 1 Samuel 15:3 . )
Sometimes
God ordered the enemy cities to be lit on fire and destroyed completely ; other times he ordered them to be pillaged and plundered .
( Joshua 6:24 ; 8:2,8 ; 11:11 ; Numbers 31:25 -40 . )
If a soldier found a female captive to be attractive , God allowed him to force marriage , and therefore sex , on her .
( Deuteronomy 21:10 - 14 . )
In modern times , this is called rape .
God also frequently caused or ordered the deaths of innocent children , infants and the unborn .
He did this during the destruction of Sodom and Gomorra , the drowning of the entire human race during Noah ’s Flood , the slaughter of Egyptian firstborns during the Passover , and the massacre of the Mideanites and Amalekites , among countless other examples .
( Genesis 19 , Genesis 6 - 7 , Exodus 12 , Numbers 31 , 1 Samuel 15:3 . )
Misogyny
The Bible ’s treatment of women was abominable .
Women not only had a submissive and inferior status to men , but they were considered chattel .
( Genesis 3:16 , Exodus 21:7 - 11 , Numbers 30 . )
God set the monetary value of women at 50 to 66 percent of that of men .
( Leviticus 27:3 - 7 . )
Women were to learn quietly and submissively from men , and were never to teach men or have authority over them .
( 1 Timothy 2:11,12 . )
Double standards abounded .
A wife found guilty of adultery was to be killed along with her lover .
( Deuteronomy 22:22 . )
But , hypocritically , no law prevented a married man from carrying on with as many affairs as he pleased , as long as they were not with other men's wives .
Likewise , prostitution was illegal for Jewish women .
( Deuteronomy 23:17 . )
But there was no law forbidding foreign women to be prostitutes in Israel , or for Jewish men to frequent them  which was a common practice .
And if a master and his female servant had sex , and the woman was engaged to another man , the master merely had to pay a fine , but the woman was to be whipped .
( Leviticus 19:20 - 22 . )
The Bible found no fault with Abraham and Isaac for knowingly giving their wives to other men for sexual use .
( Genesis 12:11 - 16 ; Genesis 26:7-10 . )
In fact , the Bible praised Lot and Ephremite for offering their daughters to be raped , so this fate would not befall their male guests .
( Genesis 19:1 - 8 ; Judges 19:22 - 24 . )
If a man raped a virgin who was not engaged to be married , his " punishment " was to pay a fine and marry her .
( Exodus 22:16 . )
As for female servants , male masters could legally rape them .
( Exodus 21:7 - 11 ; Leviticus 19:20 - 22 ; Deuteronomy 21:10 - 14 . )
The Bible even shows such holy men as Abraham and Jacob forcing sex on their female slaves ( Genesis 16:1 - 2 , Genesis 30:9 - 10 . )
Curiously , Christians defend servitude in the Bible by claiming that the rights of these servants were " well - regulated . " (!)
Throughout history , men have accused women of " penis envy , " but the Bible contains many inadvertent examples of womb envy .
The most famous is the story of Adam , who gives birth to Eve when God reaches into Adam ’s body and pulls out the rib that eventually becomes Eve. ( Genesis 2:21 - 22 . )
The story continues in a misogynistic vein , blaming the fall of the human race primarily on Eve , even though Adam ate the forbidden fruit too .
As punishment , God tells
Eve that her husband shall rule over her  which is more of a reward than a punishment for Adam .
God also afflicts
Eve with pain during childbirth , a curse apparently so pleasing to the male writers of the Bible that they gratuitously repeated it twice .
To make matters worse , the Lord then gives Eve a sexual attraction to her husband , so she will be constantly led into this painful state .
But when it comes to Adam , God curses the ground , not Adam .
( Genesis 3:16 - 19 . )
Child abuse
The Bible claimed that if parents loved their children , they would punish them  with a rod .
( Proverbs 13:24 , 22:15 . )
In fact , it encouraged heavy use of the rod , reassuring parents that the child " will not die . "
( Proverbs 23:13 . )
But even more incredibly , the Bible claimed that heavy , injurious beatings brought a spiritual benefit to the victim .
( Proverbs 20:30 . )
It gets worse .
Parents could legally kill stubborn and rebellious children , as well as children who merely cursed , disrespected or disobeyed them .
( Exodus 21:17 ; Deuteronomy 21:18 - 21 ; Leviticus 20:9 . )
Children were also frequently punished for the sins of their parents .
Fathers could sell their daughters into slavery to pay a debt .
( Exodus 21:7 - 11 . )
For a sin that Ham committed , his son Canaan was cursed to become " the lowest of slaves " to Ham 's brothers .
( Genesis 9:20 - 27 . )
A bastard was not allowed to enter the Assembly of the Lord -- and neither were his next ten generations .
( Deuternomy 23:2 . )
Homophobia
God ordered the death penalty for anyone engaged in homosexual acts .
It also used ridiculing or hate language to describe homosexuality , including " perversion , " " indecent , " " unnatural " and " detestable . "
( Leviticus 20:13 ; Romans 1:26,27,32 . )
God also prohibited people from wearing clothes of the opposite sex , saying that the Lord " detests anyone who does this . "
( Deuteronomy 22:5 . )
Law , order and government
Israel 's government was based on dictatorship , not democracy or other forms of political or individual freedom .
This dictatorship took the form of either a monarchy ( 1 Samuel 8 ) or a theocracy ( Exodus 3 ) .
The Israelites tried a brief period of decentralized authority , where priests , judges and clan - leaders led the various tribes of Israel  but each in dictatorial fashion .
( Judges . )
This only led to chaos and military defeat , however , and created the demand for a king .
( 1 Samuel 8 . )
As with all dictatorships , law and order in the Bible were indefensibly harsh .
The Bible authorized that all the following people should be put to death :
The Bible also allowed people to be punished by up to 40 lashes with a whip .
( Deuteronomy 25:1 - 3. )
Any woman who defended her husband in a fight by grabbing the private parts of his assailant was to have her hand cut off  and with " no pity . "
( Deuteronomy 25:11,12 . )
A convicted thief who could not repay his theft was to be sold into slavery , even though a thief who has absolutely nothing is probably stealing food to stay alive .
( Exodus 22:3 . )
The Bible also featured unfair laws , like giving birthrights to the firstborn son .
Such a son would inherit twice as much property as the others and become head of the family or tribe .
( Deuteronomy 21:17 . )
Whether you believe in merit or equality , this law fails the fairness test on either count .
Another injustice is God ’s punishment of innocent children for the sins of their parents .
For example , God did n’t punish just Adam and Eve for eating the forbidden fruit ; he punished the entire human race ( Genesis 3 ) .
In the Second Commandment , God says : " For I … am a jealous God , punishing the children for the sins of the fathers to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me , but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me . "
( Exodus 20:5 - 6 . )
Why these future generations should receive such undeserved fates cannot be based on any system of personal justice or responsibility .
Curiously enough , the Bible contradicts this philosophy in Deuteronomy 24:16 , which says " Fathers shall not be put to death for their children , nor children put to death for their fathers ; each is to die for his own sin . "
Slavery
But perhaps the worst Biblical atrocity was slavery .
It does n't matter where you look  the Old Testament , the New Testament , the words of Jesus , or the leaders of the Catholic or Protestant churches for 1,800 years  all these sources legalized , approved or acknowledged slavery .
The Bible has countless texts that explicitly , tacitly and directly support the institution of slavery , but none which explicitly condemn it .
Christians have found many broad , indirect , and ambiguous texts that purport to oppose slavery , but these fail outright to the Bible 's explicit approval of slavery .
( 1 ) For example :
In the Old Testament : The Fourth Commandment itself acknowledges that people may own " manservants " and " maidservants . " ( Exodus 20:10 . )
Other laws state : " The slave is [ the master 's ] property . " ( Exodus 21:20,21 . )
" If you buy a Hebrew servant ... " ( Exodus 21:2 . )
In the New Testament : Paul commanded : " Slaves , obey your earthly masters with respect and fear . "
( Ephesians 6:5 , a command repeated in 1 Timothy 6:1 , Colossians 3:22 , Titus 2:9 , and 1 Peter 2:18,21 . )
Remember that Paul lived under the Roman Empire , whose slave system was one of the most terrible in history .
In the Gospels : Even Jesus used the master / slave analogy to describe God ’s relationship to his followers .
He went so far as to compare God to a master rightfully beating and torturing his disobedient slaves .
( Matthew 18:23-35 , Matthew 24:50 - 51 , Luke 12:47 ) .
This is not the language of someone who opposes slavery as a great evil .
How would we feel if Jesus compared his disobedient followers to a disobedient woman , who was justifiably beaten by her husband ?
Or a disobedient Jew , who was justifiably tortured by Nazis ?
The analogy is repulsive , and suggests an approval for brutal forms of slavery .
Christian apologists have many defenses of slavery in the Bible and the later Christian Church .
Here are some of the most common :
" The Bible speaks of servants , not slaves . "
The word " slave " evokes the image of someone in chains being whipped by a cruel master , whereas the word " servant " evokes the image of a butler or maid , a much less offensive image .
However , as we shall see below , the Bible allowed the horrible mistreatment of both slaves and servants alike , so the distinction is irrelevant .
Furthermore , the Bible itself clearly distinguished a " hired hand " from both a slave and a servant .
( Deuteronomy 15:18 , Leviticus 25:39,40 . )
Scholars suspect that Christian translators changed the word " slave " into " servant " to avoid embarassment .
" The Bible regulates the treatment of slaves in humanitarian ways . "
This argument , popular with Christians , borders on complete falsehood .
The Bible advocated the worst form of slavery possible : chattel slavery , in which slaves are the private property of their masters .
( Exodus 21:20,21 , Leviticus 25:45 ; Matthew 18:25 , Philemon . )
Like any property , a slave could be abused , exploited , bought and sold .
The Bible permitted owners to beat slaves with a rod so severely that they could not get up for two days  which is an extremely severe beating .
( Exodus 21:20,21 . )
Whipping was another permissible slave punishment .
( Leviticus 19:20 . )
The normal law of lex talion did not apply to masters who beat their slaves .
If a master hit a servant and destroyed his eye or tooth , the master was not obliged to give his own eye or tooth in return , but to let the slave go .
( Exodus 21:26,27 . )
Only if the slave died as a direct result of the beating was the master to be given an undefined punishment .
( Exodus 21:20 . )
Masters were also allowed to rape and impregnate their female slaves against their will .
( Genesis 16:1 - 2 , Genesis 30:9- 10 ; Exodus 21:7- 11 ; Leviticus 19:20 - 22 ; Deuteronomy 21:10 - 14 . )
And the Bible tacitly admits that slaves were exploited ( that is , not rewarded fairly for their work ) , because their lack of pay made them " worth twice as much as that of a hired hand " to the master .
( Deuteronomy 15:18 . )
Slaves who were foreigners or captured in war were open to the full horrors of slavery .
They and their children could never be freed , unless the master wished .
It was only Jewish slaves who held certain limited rights .
Jewish slaves could be given the option of freedom after six years of service , or in the Year of Jubilee , which occured every 49 years .
( Exodus 21:2 ; Leviticus 25 . )
If a Jewish male entered slavery with a wife , he could leave with his wife , but the master kept any wives or children that the slave acquired during slavery .
( Exodus 21:3,4 . )
Jews could sell themselves to rich aliens living in Israel , but they were to be treated like hired hands , not slaves , and they and their family could buy their freedom back .
( Leviticus 25:47-53 . )
The Bible says that Jewish slaves were not to be treated " ruthlessly "  unlike foreign slaves , who could be brutalized .
( Leviticus 25:44 -46 . )
" Slavery is not theologically compatible with the moral , ethical , psychological , spiritual teachings set forth by Jesus ( e.g. , Love thy neighbor as thyself ) . "
This is only an indirect argument against slavery , and cannot begin to compete with direct and explicit authorizations of slavery like " Slaves , obey your masters . "
Furthermore , the Bible makes clear that it is possible to love and abuse someone at the same time .
For example , a father who loves his son should beat him with a rod ( and so severely that wounds result )  fathers who hate their sons spare them physical abuse .
( Proverbs 13:24 , Proverbs 20:30 . )
The Bible also says a man can love and still dominate his wife .
( Colossians 3:18 - 19 . )
So the Bible somehow thinks that it 's possible to love people , even as you are abusing and dominating them .
" Jesus ' goal was spiritual revolution , not socio-economic revolution against the Roman Empire . "
But the New Testament does make broad commentary on earthly laws and socio-economic issues .
Jesus approved of taxes to Caesar ( Matthew 22:15 - 22 ) , a redistribution of wealth from the rich to the poor ( mark 10:21 - 25 ) , mercy in judicial matters ( Matthew 7:1 -6 , John 8:3 - 11 ) , and quick court settlements ( Matthew 5:25 ) .
He further opposed Jewish leaders on such legal matters as divorce ( Matthew 5:31,32 , Matthew 19:1 - 9 ) , swearing of oaths ( Matthew 5:33 - 37 ) , the technicalities of Sabbath observance ( Mark 2:23 - 28 ) , intentions of murder and adultery ( Matthew 5:21 - 22 , 27-28 ) , fasting ( Luke 5:33 - 34 ) , altar gifts ( Matthew 5:23 - 24 ) , and , most importantly , lex talion  " an eye for an eye " ( Matthew 5:38 - 41 ) .
His silence when it came to denouncing slavery is a deafening one , considering all the other legal and social matters he commented upon .
Besides , the Bible does make a comment on the legal institution of slavery  albeit in support , not opposition .
( That same command : " Slaves , obey your masters . " )
" Galatians 3:28 says : ‘ There is neither Jew nor Greek , slave nor free , male nor female : for you are all one in Jesus Christ . ’ "
Christians here are lifting this verse out of context .
One must read the entire 3rd and 4th chapters of Galatians to see how Paul is clearly talking about spiritual unity and equality , and how anyone can be saved by faith .
Salvation does n't depend on one 's social position in life .
Indeed ,
Paul is conceding life 's harsh realities : you may be a slave here on earth , but you 'll be saved in heaven just like anyone else .
This is hardly a call to tear down earthly slavery .
You can see this point another way as well .
Converting to Christianity does n’t obliterate the differences between male and female , either  not literally , and not socially .
Socially , Paul still reserved quite different roles and positions for men and women .
( See 1 Corinthians 14:35 - 36 ; Colossians 3:18 . )
" When Paul returned Philemon ’s runaway slave , Onesimus , he exhorted him not to kill him , since Onesimus had converted to Christianity and was now his brother in Christ . "
Yes , but apparently Paul thought nothing of sending the successfully escaped Onesimus back into slavery .
To put this into perspective , imagine that Philemon was regularly raping a woman .
The woman escapes and finds Paul .
But Paul sends her sends her back to her rapist , with a letter saying : " Please do n't kill her , as you may legally do ; she is a converted Christian .
But you may continue raping her as before . "
Obviously , this defense misses the point .
" There are numerous examples of anti-slavery sentiment within the Christian Church down through history . "
But these voices were always in the minority , and never in positions of high authority within the Church .
For Christianity 's first 1,800 years , we find the church ’s highest authorities and holiest texts consistently approving of slavery .
The implications of these findings
These texts prove that the Bible is not an infallible source of morality .
True , there are laws that we can all agree on , like " You shall not murder . "
But there are also many laws that are indefensible .
Even if Christians could find a technical , legalistic defense for some of these laws , then they would be hit with another problem : the same excuses could be used to dismiss their favorite laws , like the ones condemning homosexuality .
Christians are placed in the impossible position of saying which laws in the Bible remain valid , and which are to be dismissed as barbaric relics .
No one has ever proposed a coherent mechanism that selectively accepts some laws while rejecting others  at least , not one that survives logic .
We should rely on the best principles of modern moral philosophy , and not archaic and barbaric laws , to inform our moral guidelines .
Endnotes :
1 . For a fuller description of the Bible 's treatment of slavery , see http://www.religioustolerance.org/sla_bibl.htm.
Find hope in this , NASA , science and Mars fans : President Obama ’s new stance on NASA ’s funding will likely pump no less than $ 6 billion into the agency to create a new heavy rocket sooner than we ’d hoped .
Mars is its target .
Over the previous few weeks we ’ve heard rumors about what NASA ’s future might look like .
All of them seemed attractive compared to the grim reality we ’d assumed would happen :
The Space Shuttle grounded , the Constellation moonshot program canceled , big delays in getting private space ventures ready to fire humans into space , and huge job losses in NASA and its supporting industries .
Now there ’s word that during a big space event tomorrow , Obama will unveil a new vision that includes $ 6 billion of extra cash for the space agency , on top of its original budget plans , phased over five years .
This money has very specific purposes : Firstly it ’s going to create 2,500 additional jobs in and around NASA ’s Florida installations , and secondly it ’ll result in a new large rocket that ’ll be key in taking humans to Mars .
Spin - off work will include continuing to develop the Orion manned space capsule to act as an emergency escape vehicle for the international space station .
Reuters quotes
White House officials on the matter , so we can assume this is an “ official ” leak , and the positive PR spin is unmistakable : “ This new strategy means more money for NASA , more jobs for the country , more astronaut time in space ” is one fabulous line , and , “ This is a rocket that is going to happen two years earlier than would ’ve happened under the past program ” is the other .
It looks like the President ’s office really wants the public to buy in to this new strategy –and with good reason , as it ’s got that shiny public relations gleam that all exciting space research has , as well as banging the U.S.A drum a little too .
But what exactly will $ 6 billion buy us in 2010 and the next several years ?
The emphasis seems to be on “ new ” rocket research , distanced from Constellation ’s Ares I and V vehicles , and that implies a different approach .
Ares V , the heavy - lift component of Constellation , was based on sparingly few Space Shuttle tech derivatives , and was an expensive and long - term project , needing research into new engines and other rocket systems .
So maybe those rumors we heard last week of the Space Shuttle C derivative rocket are being given a boost by this news :
It has the potential to be cheaper than Ares V , uses much more of the Shuttle tech that ’s already familiar , and since the design has been knocking around since the 1970 ’s , it has the potential to arrive in service a little sooner than Ares V would ’ve blasted into the skies .
And its capacity to hoist heavy pieces of a space - borne vehicle , destined for Mars , is perfectly aligned with Obama ’s plan for NASA ’s future .
Ideas and Inspiration For Do It Yourself Projects
Knowing ways to get began for your house improvement project could be daunting initially however , but it ’s quite rewarding when you are began .
Persistence and knowledge can get you going correctly .
The next information can help you start your renovating ideas .
The seal it makes may prevent minor leaks .
Repainting a porch might be necessary in your house improvement efforts .
Use exterior paint that ’s specified for exteriors and it is of excellent quality .
Pour bleach in to the toilet bowls to ensure that they ’re clean .
The bleach may stink for any bit , but it ’ll kill germs making the bathroom .
Bowl shine .
You may also use scented bleach when the smell is not bad .
Seal cracks and openings which exist around your house , in addition to stopping bugs from entering your house .
Use caulk to close up window frames , plus other areas .
When the caulk is dry , bugs is going to be hard - pressed to find a way out inside , and also the air does not escape as simple .
It is usually better to plan prior to starting any do it yourself project .
Should you hold back until you begin , you might be unable to make a decision or you possibly can make bad decisions ?
Your sofa cushions will ultimately flatten with time .
A terrific way to bring existence to your cushions would be to put them outdoors under the sun .
The sun ’s rays returns the bounce by evaporating moisture which has accrued within the cushions and provide them new bounce .
Ensure that you switch the cushion over frequently or place it away periodically , and produce them inside whenever possible so the fabric does n’t fade on a sunny day .
If you wish to create a room feel position , use awesome , for example light crimson , eco-friendly or blue .
Use cottons and linen instead of dark brocades and high patterns .
A garage doors that ’s re-colored will prove to add eye - catching appeal .
Garage doorways are uncovered towards the natural elements , making them look dingy and worn .
A brand new coat of paint makes your entire house look new and much more valuable .
Try staining your basement .
Staining is really a concrete floor is extremely cheap and classy .
Discoloration adds durability and provides a simpler means of cleaning up .
Pick one that add luster and shine towards the floor .
This gives the illusion that the floor more stylish than .
Make certain to incorporate sufficient lighting when making your bathrooms .
Lighting might help increase the feel of different areas , as individuals are centered on the fixtures .
Search for lights to incorporate round the medicine cabinet or mirror , and give a ceiling light with easily replaceable bulbs .
When creating enhancements in your home , you have to balance the rise in property values together with your need to personalize your house .
You will not wish to stand out just like a sore thumb by getting some big lengthy tower mounted atop your home .
This makes things difficult should you ever recycle for cash later on .
A brand new family room or living room is really an office at home are wonderful selections for additions .
This could help your house be pleasantly while increasing the value too .
You want to do this after you have accrued the cash to invest on do it yourself projects .
Inspiration for do it yourself project .
Make sure to bring examples of different colors to assist yourself create a color plan that you ’ll be pleased with .
Spend some time getting an understanding of what you truly want , so you ’re for that project when it ’s time to start the job .
Old toothbrushes end up being ideal for cleaning around the house .
They can be used as cleaning grout and then any area which has crevices .
The very best factor about recycled toothbrushes is they do n’t cost anything .
Why bother obtaining a new brush available to get more use from your old toothbrush works equally well .
You are able to do with the money another thing .
In case your do it yourself project involves working around gas or perhaps a gas using device , you have to switch off the gas first .
Simply because you do not smoke does not mean there ’s not sparks that may ignite the gas .
Also , even though you think you have not done any damage , so be cautious .
These specifically designed products can take in over a full gallon water .
Place them at entry ways for example home windows and doorways .
When you are performing woodwork , never substitute a guess to have an actual measurement .
Make use of the tape - measure , the rate square , and tape - measure for accurate woodworking .
It is best to concentrate on the outside of a home as opposed to the house .
The second are products that ca n’t be immediately seen , so make certain that it does n’t look run lower as which will affect different factors from the purchase .
You ’ve now learned how to begin your personal renovation .
As lengthy when you are committed and also have a structured goal to operate toward , the guidelines in the following paragraphs should assist you in finding success .
The culmination of over 30 years of experience , ENVISION utilises the most up - to - date technologies to empower aviation decision - makers by providing them with helpful and informative data that adds value to their organisation .
ENVISION is web - based and device - agnostic so can be used anywhere , anytime .
It also supports offline capability allowing you to continue working , even when you do n’t have an internet connection .
Our solution comprises of 9 modules that can either be purchased separately or together as part of an integrated solution .
ENVISION can interface with numerous external systems , so when you implement you do n’t have to start from scratch .
The former chief secretary to the Treasury , Liam Byrne , has reignited criticism of Labour 's stewardship of the economy with a note for his successor which said " there 's no money left " .
Byrne 's note was discovered by David Laws , the Liberal Democrat MP who was appointed by the coalition government to succeed Byrne as No 2 at the Treasury .
It is a convention for outgoing ministers to leave a note for their successors with advice on how to settle into the job .
But Byrne 's note – which he later said was intended as a private joke – drew attention to Labour 's economic record when it was revealed by Laws at a press conference today .
Laws told reporters : " When I arrived at my desk on the very first day as chief secretary , I found a letter from the previous chief secretary to give me some advice , I assumed , on how I conduct myself over the months ahead .
" Unfortunately , when I opened it , it was a one - sentence letter which simply said : ' Dear chief secretary , I 'm afraid to tell you there 's no money left , ' which was honest but slightly less helpful advice than I had been expecting . "
The letter recalls a similar note left by Tory Reginald Maudling to his Labour successor James Callaghan in 1964 : " Good luck , old cock ... Sorry to leave it in such a mess . "
Byrne said the message was meant in jest .
" My letter was a joke , from one chief secretary to another , " he said .
" I do hope David Laws 's sense of humour was n't another casualty of the coalition deal . "
Treasury sources said the full text of the letter from Byrne – dated 6 April , the day Gordon Brown called the general election – was : " Dear chief secretary , I 'm afraid there is no money .
Kind regards – and good luck !
Liam . "
Byrne 's notes have caused bemusement before .
When he was promoted to the cabinet in 2008 , he gave officials a set of instructions entitled Working with Liam Byrne , which included the lines : " Coffee / Lunch .
I 'm addicted to coffee .
I like a cappuccino when I come in , an espresso at 3 pm and soup at 12.30 - 1 pm ...
If I see things that are not of acceptable quality , I will blame you . "
Gary Gibbon of Channel 4
News claimed today that former chancellor Alistair Darling had also left a note for his successor , George Osborne , as well as a bottle – but , in Gibbon 's words , " no revolver " .
Thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes as volcanos erupted in Guatemala and Ecuador .
In Guatemala , the Pacaya volcano began spewing lava , rocks and debris on Thursday , killing at least two people and injuring more than 50 .
In Ecuador , the Tungurahua volcano forced the evacuation of seven villages and shut the airport and schools in Guayaquil , the country 's largest city .
There is no suggestion that the two eruptions are related .
In Guatemala , at least 1,700 people have fled the eruption , some 30 km ( 19 miles ) south of the capital city .
President Alvaro Colom has declared a state of emergency in Escuintla region , Guatemala City and areas surrounding the capital .
He said two people had died and three children were missing .
One man was killed when he fell from a building while sweeping up the ash .
A TV reporter also died while covering the eruption .
In the village of Calderas , close to the eruption , Brenda Castaneda said her family hid under furniture as molten rocks fell on her house .
" We thought we would n't survive .
Our houses crumbled and we 've lost everything , " she told the Associated Press from a temporary shelter .
The volcano has covered parts of Guatemala City in ash - up to 7 cm ( 2.7in ) thick in some areas - forcing the closure of the country 's main international airport .
Seismologists have warned of more eruptions " in the coming days " from Pacaya - one of the most active volcanos in Central America .
Health concerns
In Ecuador , the Tungurahua volcano sent ash plumes six miles ( 10 km ) into the air .
Image caption Several thousand people have been evacuated near Tungurahua
Several thousand people have evacuated their homes in the area , 95 miles ( 150 km ) south - east of the capital Quito .
Strong winds blew the ash over the country 's most populous city , Guayaquil , and forced aviation officials to close the country 's main airport .
Julio Castro , who lives in Guayaquil , said he was worried about the health of children .
" Suddenly , without warning , the ash started to fall , and it was heavy , some even got into my eyes , " he told the Associated Press .
" I can't see well now , it is annoying and we are worried for the children , above all . "
There were reports that the ash cloud was dissipating as it drifted out over the Pacific Ocean .
The killing happened just south of Washington Parish , a hotbed of Klan activity decades ago .
St. Tammany Parish District Attorney Walter Reed said Foster 's Klan group was small and secretive and its existence was an embarrassment to both parishes .
Holding an evidence photo showing Foster , Lynch and others in Klan robes , he said , " I hope the result here will tell the world that this will not be tolerated in our community . "
President Obama has framed part of his recovery plan around the creation of new jobs .
He has used Spain and other European countries ’ green jobs creation endeavors as inspiration ( not necessarily models ) .
However , a study , entitled “ Study of the effects on employment of public aid to renewable energy sources , ” by researchers at Spain ’s King Juan Carlos University questions whether “ green jobs ” are worth the public investments .
Lead author , Gabriel Calzada Alvarez , uses Spain ’s investments in such jobs during the past decade as a case study to demonstrate that sustainable energy investment destroys jobs and the economy .
I think there are numerous flaws in Calzada ’s study .
For one , he deviates from the traditional research peer - reviewed methodologies used to estimate jobs impacts , which tend to yield more accurate results .
In this update , we have Spain ’s response to his claims , proof that his data was falsified , an explanation of how the renewable energy investment did not have the major negative impact on business that Calzada claims , that his analysis was too simplistic to be applied in any real world model , and what most economists believe is the cause of Spain ’s high unemployment rate .
I will also bring to light extremely relevant facts , that Calzada fails to mention or factor in to the study .
I will also review the US ’s history and results from renewable energy investments .
That ’s right we have been investing in renewable energy for years .
However , before I go into what is wrong with the study , lets review his conclusions .
Update : January 1 , 2011 – Since
I posted this analysis of the study and updated it , unemployment in Spain has risen to 20 % .
I am updating this analysis to address this rising unemployment issue , as well as a few other questions raised by commenters opposed to green jobs .
See the update at the bottom of the post .
Key Points from The Study
The author argues that a huge price has been paid for Spain ’s broad support to the construction and production of electricity through renewable sources and says the U.S. will lose about nine jobs for every four green jobs created .
The study surmises that only one out of ten green jobs has been created at the more permanent level of actual operation and maintenance of the renewable sources of electricity and that green jobs actually destroyed other types of jobs elsewhere in the economy .
The author also claims that the programs creating green jobs also resulted in the destruction of nearly 110,000 jobs elsewhere in the economy , or 2.2 jobs destroyed for every “ green job ” created .
The study asserts that jobs were lost in metallurgy , non-metallic mining and food processing , beverage and tobacco .
Calzada also says that Spanish citizens must cope with either an increase of electricity rates or increased taxes ( and public deficit ) –consumes enormous taxpayer resources , and the US is about to repeat the same mistake .
He also claims that green jobs programs chase energy intensive companies and industries away , and argues that sustainable energy is expensive , inefficient energy and not feasible .
Scary huh ?….. I dunno .
Let ’s back up a bit and take a look at the FACTS … all of them .
Let ’s Look at How Calzada Reached His Conclusions
When you look at a complex issue , with many variables , and do not take into consideration those variables , you almost always inevitably end up with extremely skewed results .
For instance , applying Spain ’s experience to the United States , might be a faulty approach because the US does not have the same incentive structures that were instituted by Spain .
Spanish incentives in support of Renewable Energy technologies has been in the form of Feed In Tariffs ( FITs ) that have reached levels up to $ 0.60 / kWh of energy produced .
This varies markedly from the typical U.S. approach of employing Producer Tax Credits ( PTCs ) to stimulate growth , which are typically on the order of $ 0.02 / kWh .
Getting skewed results are even more likely if the numbers used are incorrect .
Brad Johnson of the Work Room has pointed out that the number of green jobs cited in the study as resulting from Spain ’s renewable energy program are way off .
According to the United Nations , official estimates are 188,000 , yet Calzada only lists green jobs 50,000 jobs ??
and does not explain why he uses those dramatically different numbers .
The study works from the assumption that public spending crowds out private spending .
Most economists believe , and history has proven that public spending increases demand for resources , not decrease it .
For example , after the Great Depression in the 1930 ’s spending to create roads , bridges and other infrastructure increased demand for labor , equipment and materials .
Green jobs should not crowd out other types of jobs because the public investments are supporting the private sector .
There is a great deal of historical data available that demonstrates that public investment in the nation ’s physical economic infrastructure improves private - sector performance by raising average productivity and contributing to private - sector growth .
Looking at The Results of Past US Government Green Investment Programs and The Study ’s Relevance
The study does not provide an analysis of the full range of the types of jobs that are being funding in the Recovery Act .
The study limits its analysis to just cleantech jobs that are focused on in Spain .
It ignores any inclusion of analysis of the jobs created as a result of jobs programs dealing with energy efficiency , conservation , light rail , or mass transit .
Historically , these types of public investments have demonstrated to pay a high rate of return in a relatively short period of time .
These jobs also create a large number of jobs in sectors of the economy that have been hit hard by the current crisis , such as manufacturing and construction .
So instead of causing a loss of jobs , they are likely to do what they have done in the past … creates jobs for those who do not have jobs .
( See National Renewable Energy Laboratory Response to the Report Study of the Effects on Employment of Public Aid to Renewable Energy Sources from King Juan Carlos University ( Spain )
The majority of the public investment in renewable energy in the United states is going toward the private sector in the form of tax credits , loans and similar tools that are designed to encourage investment .
For example , the U.S. is establishing a Clean Energy Investment Agency .
So , how is that going to cause job loss and business retraction , when businesses are receiving assistance ?
Public Investment in Renewable Energy in the Renewable Energy Sector in The US is Not New – It ’s Been going On For Years
The United States has been investing in renewable energy since the late 1970s in the form of production tax credits and investment tax credits , at both the federal and state level .
As a result , according to the Annual Energy Outlook 2009 , the wind power industry has grown more than 25 % a year and employs more people than the coal industry .
However , there is no data available that I ’m aware of that shows that wind jobs impacted on coal jobs .
The Recovery Act extended these pre-existing business incentives .
The Energy Information Administration estimates that based on past performance , these public investments will create $ 24 billion in new private investment and 32,000 new jobs sustained over the decade .
That is just the wind energy sector .
There are similar projections for solar and geothermal power .
( See An Analysis of Three Myths Regarding The Green Jobs Programs of Spain and The US )
Gas , petroleum and coal also receive incentives from the government .
If you apply Calzada ’s model using existing data from the Department of Energy to those industries , similar investment in coal would yield 18,500 jobs and 13,000 jobs would be gained by natural gas and petroleum .
This shows that you get more bang for your buck from wind power investments and that a shift to wind power would yield a net employment gain .
According to a recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers , entitled “ CleanTech Comes of Age ” , when the government spends in a sector , private investments increase .
This has proven to be truth for biotech , agriculture , pharmaceuticals and … you guessed it …renewable energy .
These policies provide more certainty for investors leading to larger investments in renewable energy technologies .
This assessment is supported by numerous private sector studies based on investment activity within the past ten years .
Spain ’s Current High Employment Level is Still Lower Than It Was Before The Green Jobs Programs Were Implemented
It seems possible that Caldaza is not presenting the numbers in a relevant and accurate way .
In addition to using inaccurate numbers and omitting several sectors from his analysis , he fails to factor in that Spain historically has had very high unemployment rates since the restoration of democracy thirty years ago , ( source : International Monetary Fund ) , while the US has not .
In fact , since the green jobs program has been initiated in Spain , unemployment has been much lower than before it was put in place .
At the time the study was conducted , unemployment was lower then it was before the green jobs program was launched .
Before the green jobs program was put in place , going back to 1980 , there are eighteen years when unemployment was higher in Spain than it is now , with unemployment rates ranging between ( 24 % and 15 % ) .
The highest years were between 1993 and 1997 with employment ranging between 24 % and 20 % .
However between 2001 and 2007 , unemployment has ranged between 10.5 and 8.5 % ) still pretty high , but historically low for Spain .
The current US unemployment numbers at its highest levels in decades , is lower than Spain ’s lowest unemployment numbers .
Let me state that , while I think the public investments in renewable energy helped to lower the unemployment rate , I think much of the jobs growth in Spain was due to its real estate bubble .
Additionally , the author never identifies which jobs are destroyed by green jobs , or how that process of job destruction occurs .
To attribute recent unemployment numbers only to green jobs promotion , seems to me to be a questionable approach .
The study fails to establish any type of cause and effect .
Spain might have lost those jobs even if they did not have a green jobs program ; or it is possible that the green jobs program may have prevented even more jobs from being lost .
Two weeks ago , José María Roig Aldasoro , Regional Minister of Innovation , Enterprise and Employment Government of Navarre rebutted Calzada ’s claims in a letter arguing that that green investment “ has created wealth , employment and technological development ” in Spain .
Navarre is a small region of Spain that is well - known throughout the world for its development in renewable energies .
After 20 years of development , 65 % of the electrical energy consumed in Navarre originates from renewable energies .
Aldasoro breaks down the actual history of green job creation in Navarre :
– 1994 : Unemployment at 12.8 % , first wind farm erected .
– 1998 : Unemployment at 10 % , 100 installed megawatts of wind power .
– 2001 : Unemployment at 6.8 % , two R&D and worker - training centers are opened .
– 2007 : Unemployment of 4.76 % , total of 100 new renewable - energy companies created , representing 5 % of total GDP . ”
An article in The Brattleboro Reformer has pointed out a flaw in Calzada ’s heavy use of the idea of “ opportunity cost . ”
Opportunity cost is the true cost of something is what you give up to get it — or as The Brattleboro Reformer explains it … ” that a dollar spent on green jobs is a dollar that ca n’t be consumed or invested by the private sector .
Thus , a job that depends on consumption might disappear or not be created . ”
As the Brattlebore Reformer points out , this does n’t apply in Spains ’s case .
Spain ’s Bursting Real Estate Bubble is Likely The Major Cause of Job Loss
Most economists attribute much of Spain ’s job losses to the bursting of its real estate bubble .
As recently as two years ago , Spain was creating a third of all new jobs in the European Union .
Most of these jobs were a result of its booming construction sector .
( Sound eerily familiar ? )
Real estate accounted for almost 18 % of Spain ’s gross domestic product last year , contributing to 3.6 % annual growth .
Once interest rates rose , the housing bubble burst , and the jobs disappeared .
Canada , the UK , Ireland , and the US also experienced a bursting of their real estate bubble which led to rising unemployment .
If green jobs caused job losses in Spain and not the real estate bubble bursting as occurred in the US , the UK , Canada and other places , then he needs to explain how Spain is different than other countries with real estate bubbles that burst , and how green job creation impacts the real estate and construction industries that initially contributed to job growth .
He does not do that .
Economists predicted the outcomes of these real estate bubbles a few years ago .
None of them cited green jobs policy as a major factor .
The Two - Tiered Labor Market Is a Secondary Cause of Job Loss in Spain
Another cause of the job losses in Spain is its two - tiered labor market .
Young people in Spain have fixed term contracts , so it ’s easy to fire them , whereas older people have contracts worded so that it is very difficult to fire them .
As a result , one in three adults under 25 are unemployed .
These short - term contract legalities and their impact on firing was not addressed in Calzada ’s study , however , a number of economists have cited it as a factor in the job losses .
No Additional Taxes Were Levied Against Business To Finance The Green Jobs Program
Keith Johnson , lead writer of The Wall Street Journal Blog , Environmental Capital points out that that Spain ’s support for renewable energy came out of existing tax revenues and that the Spanish government has reduced corporate income - tax rates ( Source : KPMG ) , most recently this past January .
While renewable energy spending might have prevented spending in other areas , the author does not explain how government spending prevented or discouraged industry from spending .
He also explains that the Study does n’t actually identify those jobs allegedly destroyed by renewable - energy spending , but simply tells you what the Spanish government is spending .
In in the comments below , Nuno Cardoso pointed out another issue not previously raised .
“ For all the renewable energy sources ( solar , wind , wave ) , the initial investment is upwards of 95 % of the total costs , whereas maintenance and operational costs are residual .
In this respect , renewables are similar to nuclear power , and unlike coal or oil - based power plants , where a large portion of the costs is the fuel itself .
This explains much of the enormous costs per green job : the benefits for the investing country only start to become visible many years after the investment has been made .
Also , was the value of the produced energy , being the primary goal of the investment , taken into account ?
Another thing that certainly was n’t mentioned in the study was that Spain reached a peak of 40 % in wind power this last March .
An Example Of Green Jobs Lowering Unemployment Rates
If you look at Germany ’s efforts with using renewable energy investment to create jobs , renewable energy jobs in Germany shot up to 249,300 in 2007 , almost double the 160,500 green jobs in Germany in 2004 .
This was due to massive investment in the renewable sector .
There are over countries in Europe , in addition to Germany that have seen employment growth as a result of investment in renewable energy .
Calzada does not even acknowledge them , so it is not surprising that he provides no comparison of their green jobs programs , to Spain’s .
Nor does he explain why those countries did not lose jobs as a result of investment in renewable energy .
Eternal Hope on the Conservatism is Dead blog , raises three additional salient points :
While his blog has an obvious anti-conservative slant , I think the points he raises are valid .
“ 1 . The problem with their entire line of reasoning here is that they are caught in short - term thinking as opposed to long - term thinking .
In the short term , coal may well be the best alternative .
But in the long term , given the alarming studies that show that man-made global warming is a major problem , we ca n’t afford not to switch to a carbon neutral economy .
So , the solution here is clear — combine antipoverty problems with efforts to become carbon neutral . ”
2 . The study fails to take into consideration the benefits that would happen when renewable energy is brought into the equation .
3 . The study then suggests that renewable energy is subject to boom and bust .
But the problems with Spain ’s boom and bust cycles have nothing to do with renewable energy in and of itself , but with the boom and bust mentality that was part of the Bush years .
If the US government creates a sound financial basis for renewable growth that is not based on out of control debt and which rewards people who live within their means , then we can avoid the problems of boom and bust that have plagued previous efforts . ”
Who is Calzada – His Conclusions Were Reached Before The Study Was Conducted
Let look at the author of the study .
Who is Calzada .
Gabriel Calzada is a founding member of the Prague Network , an international grouping of institutions aimed at countering panic connected with global warming .
He is also a fellow at the Centre for the New Europe , a Brussels - based libertarian think tank that in recent years has accepted funding from ExxonMobil .
ExxonMobil has a history of funding groups that have misrepresented the science of climate change by outright denial of the evidence .
According to a study conducted by the Union of Concerned Scientists in 2007 , ExxonMobil had spent over $ 16 million to fund climate change skeptic groups as part of a “ tobacco - like disinformation campaign on global warming science . ”
They have continued to channel money to these groups .
Since the study was publish , Calzada has become a popular speaker at the events sponsored by these groups and has appeared frequently on Cable news shows in which the hosts and producers are opposed to green jobs .
He has yet to appear on any show that has made any inquiry about his methodology .
Calzada is also the founder and president of the Fundacion Juan de Mariana , another libertarian think tank .
The libertarian movement in Spain does not believe in taxes , so it is my guess that they would not support many programs paid for with tax dollars .
Calzada is also an admitted climate change skeptic and recently spoke at the International Conference on Climate Change ( 2009 ) hosted by the conservative think tank , the Heartland Institute .
The Heartland Institute is another well - known hub of climate science denial .
This year ’s conference was its second effort on climate change , and attracted representatives from conservative and free enterprise groups around the world ; many of their members and supporters deny climate change and work aggressively against renewable energy and environmental endeavors .
A large number of the attendees also came from bodies funded by ExxonMobil and other fossil - fuel companies .
Other big oil funded groups that have promoted the study include : The Institute for Energy Research ( IER ) , Americans for Prosperity , and the American Energy Alliance ( AEA ) ,
In a recent interview , ( in Spanish ) Calzada asserts that scientists are deeply divided as to the cause of global warming .
He claims that solar and water vapor activity from the earth have a large impact on global warming and that human activity is minor in comparison .
He questions if this small creation of ‘ gases ’ by human activity would have an impact compared to other natural activity .
He also does not believe in the kyoto protocol and claims that the green economy is a way to to ‘ ration ’ economic activity .
My understanding is that the vast majority of scientists ( specifically those not paid by oil companies ) are not divided over the causes of global warming .
A Strange Target Audience
Something else that stood out is that Calzada wrote the study to specifically speak to the US .
That is an odd choice of audience to me .
It seems that this cautionary tale would normally apply to Spain and its policy makers –speaking to their issues , so that they could perhaps adjust course by reshaping their energy policy .
As we speak , Spain is investing even more money into green programs , as part of their stimulus .
If Calzada truly intended to to use this case study to warn others , why not also warn other countries in the European Union , of which Spain is a part of ; or Canada and China , who are also poised to start a green initiative .
Considering Calzada ’s strong views against the realities of fossil fuels and climate change , his affiliations with groups who are known for denying climate change , his willingness to accept funding from an organization who is notorious for funding studies to serve as propaganda , and his audience focus , it would be wise to at least closely examine and question the conclusions he reaches .
This background would explain why Calzada failed to address factors that other economists considered .
If he reached his conclusion before doing the study , there would be no reason to address issues like cause and effect .
Considering all of the above , I think Calzada has serious credibility issues .
So while it is possible that Spain ’s investment in green jobs has cost it twice as many jobs in non-green sectors , we have yet to see a study that provides the empirical data to prove it .
If this is true , we need to know it , so we can figure out where the Spanish went wrong and identify alternative solutions .
Calzada did neither .
Since he does not recognize that there is a climate crisis or that fossil fuels will eventually run out , he seems to take short - term view in his approach to conducting the study .
With so much data proving otherwise and so much at stake , I do not think that we have the luxury of taking a possibly politically motivated , incomplete , study seriously .
I do not think the purpose of the study was to point out flaws in Spain ’s economic policy , but to raise doubt and shut down support for similar policies in the US .
The oil industry and climate deniers swill continue to use this study for nefarious purposed and others will pop up to lend credence to these theories .
The media will continue to treat these studies seriously without investigating the credibility of the claims made .
So now that we know that this likely flawed propaganda designed to protect the financial interests of the oil companies and possibly to support the views of Spain ’s Libertarian movement , as well as those who deny climate change , lets get back to the work of protecting the environment , creating renewable forms of energy , and creating green jobs .
UPDATE : January 1 , 2011 .
Since I posted this analysis of the study , unemployment in Spain has risen to 20 % .
The is no refuting those unemployment figures .
They are horrible .
However , unfortunately , they are not the worse Spain has experienced .
In most instances , before renewable energy programs were put in place , Spain had even higher unemployment going as high as 24.5 % on a number of occasions .
Historically , Spain has high unemployment .
In good years , Spain has had 10.5 % unemployment .
Unemployment actually went down for a long time when Spain implemented their green energy programs .
That changed when the global economical crisis and the the real estate bubble hit that those opposed to renewable energy like to ignore as being a factor .
Unfortunately , I anticipate that the unemployment rate in Spain will get worse .
Not necessarily , because of green jobs , but likely for the same reasons other countries around the world are experiencing record high unemployment .
There is a global economic recession going on .
As far is I know , with the exception of Brazil , China , India , Turkey and a few others , most countries are seeing record high unemployment .
In many instances , most economists lay some of the blame on the banking debacle and in some countries like Spain , Ireland , The United States and Canada , large real estate bubbles .
Using Spain as the oil industry ’s whipping boy , and the right ’s political punching bag , does not address any of the real major economic issues in Spain–nor tie them to green jobs initiatives .
Even if the study was based on facts ( which it has been proven time and again not to be ) , and not financed by the oil industry , the people who have written comments here against green jobs have not explained why Spain having one of the largest real state bubbles ever , and being a victim of that bubble , like many countries of the banking scandal , has nothing to do with the loss of jobs there .
Ireland , a country that has not had an aggressive green energy program , also had a huge real estate bubble , and one of the results was not surprisingly , a tremendously high unemployment rate .
I ca n’t imagine that green jobs caused that economic crisis as well , or that green jobs is the cause of the global economic crisis .
If it is not , than why do those opposed to renewable energy see it as the cause of the economic crisis in Spain , which experienced some of the same economic stressors as other distressed countries .
Most countries with real estate bubbles , experience job losses when the bubble pops .
The bigger the real estate bubble , the larger number of job losses .
Our country has seen a large number of job losses as well .
Is this a result of green jobs as well and the real estate bubble and the financial industry simply a whipping boy for renewable energy advocates .
There may be problems with renewable energy , but using oil industry supplied talking points and their political allies , designed to pit people against each other who should be working together to climb out of this mess , is not the same as addressing facts .
They have people so wound up and angry , I ’m beginning to think that many people no longer know how to think critically when it comes to politics ; and that if you want your industry protected from regulation or want to beat back a potential competitor , simply politicize issues that in the past were never political .
Then , get the unsuspecting to unknowingly do your dirty work .
I noticed that there are a few extremely relevant questions that those opposed to renewable energy never address .
Why did he use falsified numbers in the study ?
Why was the study not peer reviewed like most studies ?
Why not address the biggest real estate bubble ever as an economic issue in what is supposed to be an economic study ?
Oil and gas are among the most subsidized industries , why does that not evoke the same degree of anger and opposition ?
When these questions are raised , in most instances those opposed to renewable energy do not respond , or another oil industry provided talking point is thrown out .
As you will see below in the comments section .
I welcome an analytical discourse on this issue , but those opposed to renewable energy seem incapable of having one thus far .
Ironically , there are a number of issues that should be raised about renewable energy , but the only ones addressing them are supporters .
Again , green jobs may be the cause of Spain economic problems , but at this time , there has been no scientific study released that proves it , or even explains how the process of green jobs causing unemployment takes place ; high unemployment as a factor , on its own , in a country that historically has high unemployment ( even during good times ) , is not necessarily proof that the cause of unemployment is green jobs .
Olympic 400 metres champ LaShawn Merritt of the United States has been suspended after testing positive for an anabolic steroid contained in an over - the - counter penis enlargement product .
Merritt , who is also the world champion at 400 metres , said in a statement via his lawyer that he was " deeply sorry " at failing three doping controls for the banned substance dehydroepiandrosterone .
Olympic champion LaShawn Merritt .
Credit:AP
The 23 - year - old American , who faces a two - year ban , said : " To know that I 've tested positive as a result of a product that I used for personal reasons is extremely difficult to wrap my hands around .
" I hope my sponsors , family , friends and the sport itself will forgive me for making such a foolish , immature and egotistical mistake .
Any penalty that I may receive for my action will not overshadow the embarrassment and humiliation that I feel inside .
ON its Web site , Facebook says it ’s “ giving people the power to share and make the world more open and connected . ”
But the online world outside of Facebook is already a very open and connected place , thank you very much .
Densely interlinked Web pages , blogs , news articles and Tweets are all visible to anyone and everyone .
Instead of contributing to this interconnected , open Web world , the growing popularity of Facebook is draining it of attention , energy and posts that are in public view .
Every link found on the open Web , inviting a user to click and go somewhere else , is in essence a recommendation from the person who authored the page , posted it or broadcast it in a Tweet .
It says , “ I ’ve taken the trouble to insert this link because I believe it will be worth your while to take a look . ”
These recommendations are visible to search engines , which do far more than just tally how many recommendations point to this or that item .
The engines trace backward to who linked to the recommender , then who linked to the recommender of the recommender , and so on .
It ’s a lot of computation to derive educated guesses about which recommendations are likely to lead to the best - informed sources of information and then placed at the top of a search results page .
NBC has added a new 10 p.m. drama with glimmerings of promise in “ Parenthood ” ; a comedy reality show that has performed more than respectably in “ The Marriage Ref ” ; and it has restored a long - running hit , “ Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , ” to 10 p.m. , where the drama has resumed being the top show at that hour .
( Last fall , it dropped to last place after being displaced to 9 p.m. to make room for Mr. Leno . )
As far as the late - night picture goes , “ it ’s as if a collective erase button was pushed , ” said Robert Thompson , professor of television at Syracuse University , “ with the usual suspects back in their usual locations — except Conan is gone . ”
A critical result from NBC ’s point of view is that Mr. Leno has drawn the biggest audiences in most age groups almost every night since returning March 1 .
That performance has defied what Mr. Adgate described as expectations — built of resentment by younger viewers over what happened with Mr. O’Brien — that Mr. Leno might not automatically resume his winning ways .
That he has is not the best news for David Letterman on CBS , who grabbed the leadership during Mr. O’Brien ’s brief run , nor for “ Nightline ” on ABC , which also enjoyed a competitive boost .
But the situation is not exactly as it was before NBC disturbed the late - night universe .
Mr. Leno has not been unaffected by the turbulence .
His ratings lead is clearly down from where it was a year ago .
Measured against the same period beginning in March 2009 ( and , to make the comparison as fair as possible , excluding one huge night when President Obama was his guest in 2009 and the abnormally big week he enjoyed his first week back this year ) , Mr. Leno is down about 18 percent in viewers , and slightly more among the 18 - to 49 - year - old viewers that matter most to many advertisers .
With those anomalies factored out , Mr. Leno is now averaging about 4.4 million viewers a night , down from 5.37 million in 2009 .
His rating among 18 - to 49 - year - olds is about a 1.15 , down from a 1.5 .
By contrast , Mr. Letterman is down to about 3.54 million viewers , from 3.76 million last year , and his rating in 18 - to 49 - year - olds is now about a 0.95 , down from a 1.0 .
“ Nightline ” is down to 3.61 million viewers from about 3.85 million last year and to a 0.9 rating in the 18 - to - 49 age group from a 1.1 .
Television critics around the country were nearly unanimous in their praise for Treme , HBOs new series about post - Katrina New Orleans .
HBO renewed Treme for a second season only two days after its premiere last month , an unusual signal of early confidence in a new program .
The show has been hailed for its exuberant musical performances and its authentic depiction of New Orleans .
But tentatively and in small numbers , some writers and journalists are making a confession :
They dont particularly enjoy the show .
Author ...
Why just build robots in our own image , when there are millions of other animals to translate into machinery ?
The latest robot out of Chiba University in Japan can bob and weave like a hummingbird , and only weighs 2.6 grams ( 0.09 oz ) .
Controlled via IR sensor , the robot can fly for about 6 minutes and up to 10 meters above the ground .
Chiba ’s hummingbird bot is the brainchild of Professor H. Liu who plans on getting it to hover directly in place ( just like it ’s namesake ) very soon .
While the robot only contains a micromotor , carbon fiber frame , and plastic wings for now , Liu wants to include a microcamera by 2011 .
This addition will allows the device to carry out search missions during emergencies .
Check out the video from Diagonal Views below to see how Chiba ’s hummingbird is a cool example of how engineers are learning from biology to create some amazing new robots .
We ’ve seen plenty of animal inspired bots climbing walls , skittering on floors , and jumping off buildings .
There ’s even a competing robotic hummingbird project funded by DARPA in the US .
Chiba University is at the lead of the trend , however , by getting its robot to fly unaided , even if just for a few minutes at a time .
They ’ve also pushed the envelope on getting the robot to be lightweight ( 2.6 grams is much less mass than the US version ) .
However , I think they need to go back to the drawing board when it comes to naming the little bot .
With four wings , I ’m pretty sure this thing is more like a dragonfly than a hummingbird .
In any case it ’s cool to watch in action .
Biomimetics ( aka biomimicry ) is a powerful tool for getting robots to exceed at tasks that living creatures have already conquered .
I wonder though , if the future lies in robots that mimic life or in life that is infused with robotics .
We ’ve seen how cyborg insects have been outfitted with electronic controls to serve as spies .
It will be interesting to see which project can field an autonomous flying platform with a camera first .
Either way you should expect to see tiny eyes take to the skies fairly soon .
After all , machines and biology may be learning to work together , but it ’s still human curiosity that is deciding what that work will be .
[ image credit : Washington Times ]
By George Will - May 16 , 2010
WASHINGTON --
When Chancellor Angela Merkel decided that Germany would pay part of Greece 's bills , voters punished her party in elections in Germany 's most populous state , North Rhine - Westphalia .
How appropriate .
The 1648 Peace of Westphalia , which ended the Thirty Years ' War , ratified Europe 's emerging system of nation - states .
Since the end of the Thirty - One Years ' War ( 1914 - 1945 ) , European elites have worked at neutering Europe 's nationalities .
Greece 's debt crisis reveals this project 's intractable contradictions , and the fragility of Western Europe 's postwar social model -- omniprovident welfare states lacking limiting principles .
Greece represents a perverse aspiration -- a society with ( in the words of Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan ) " more takers than makers , " more people taking benefits from government than there are people making goods and services that produce the social surplus that funds government .
By socializing the consequences of Greece 's misgovernment , Europe has become the world 's leading producer of a toxic product -- moral hazard .
The dishonesty and indiscipline of a nation with 2.6 percent of the eurozone 's economic product have moved nations with the other 97.4 percent -- and the United States and the International Monetary Fund -- to say , essentially :
The consequences of such vices cannot be quarantined , so we are all hostages to one another and hence no nation will be allowed to sink beneath the weight of its recklessness .
Recklessness will proliferate .
" The coining of money , " said William Blackstone more than two centuries ago , " is in all states the act of the sovereign power . "
But the EU is neither a state nor sovereign enough to enforce its rules :
No eurozone nation is complying with the EU requirement that deficits not exceed 3 percent of GDP .
The EU has a flag no one salutes , an anthem no one sings , a president no one can name , a parliament ( in Strasbourg ) no one other than its members wants to have power ( which must subtract from the powers of national legislatures ) , a capital ( Brussels ) of coagulated bureaucracy no one admires or controls , a currency that presupposes what neither does nor should nor soon will exist ( a European central government ) , and rules of fiscal behavior that no member has been penalized for ignoring .
The euro currency both presupposes and promotes a fiction -- that " Europe " has somehow become , against the wishes of most Europeans , a political rather than a merely geographic expression .
The designs of the paper euros , introduced in 2002 , proclaim a utopian aspiration .
Gone are the colorful bills of particular nations , featuring pictures of national heroes of statecraft , culture and the arts , pictures celebrating unique national narratives .
With the euro , 16 nations have said goodbye to all that .
The bills depict nonexistent windows , gateways and bridges .
They are from ... nowhere , which is what " utopia " means .
Since European integration began in 1951 with creation of the European Coal and Steel Community , the question has been :
Will there be a Europe of states or a state of Europe ?
The euro is part of the attempt to create the latter , a Leviathan constructed from the surrendered sovereignties of Europe 's nations .
If money represents , as Emerson said , the prose of life , the euro reflects a determination to make European life prosaic .
It is an attempt to erase nationalities and subsume politics in economics in order to escape from European history .
The euro pleases dispirited people for whom European history is not Chartres and Shakespeare but the Holocaust and the Somme .
The euro expresses cultural despair .
It also presupposes something else nonexistent .
The word " democracy " incorporates the Greek demos -- people .
As the recent rampages of Greece 's demos , and the reciprocated disdain of Germany 's demos , demonstrate , Europe remains a continent of distinct and unaffectionate peoples .
There is no " European people " united by common mores .
Henry James wrote to William Dean Howells : " Man is n't at all one , after all -- it takes so much of him to be American , to be French , etc . "
Still true ; still perilous to ignore .
It is said that , two decades after the end of Europe 's East - West political division , there is a North - South cultural division .
But Ireland 's and , even more , Britain 's debt problems refute that distinction .
Britain 's debt , Europe 's worst , is the result of increasing government spending from 37 percent of GDP to 53 percent in a decade .
The London Spectator says no other European nation " has expanded its government as quickly -- over this or any other decade in postwar history . "
The U in the EU -- the unifying thread -- is indiscipline .
Increasingly , it also is the unifying characteristic of the USA .
Profs at Harvard uni say they have discovered a crucial meta-physiological effect .
Being extremely good and moral - or conversely highly evil - actually confers mental and even physical powers on a person .
" People perceive those who do good and evil to have more efficacy , more willpower , and less sensitivity to discomfort , " says psychologist Kurt Gray of Harvard .
" By perceiving themselves as good or evil , people embody these perceptions , actually becoming more capable of physical endurance . "
Rather than those naturally endowed with superior abilities having the potential to achieve great things for good or evil , says Gray , it is more the case that being very pure or deeply villainous confers corresponding powers .
In Star Wars style , giving vent to hatred , vengefulness and lust for galactic dominion will permit one to motivate underlings or even perhaps throttle them merely by mental force : conversely , achieving zen - like detachment in the service of the greater good might offer less impressive Jedi style abilities .
" Gandhi or Mother Teresa may not have been born with extraordinary self - control , but perhaps came to possess it through trying to help others , " argues Gray .
The Harvard egghead bases his assertions on studies in which subjects were given a dollar and offered the choice of donating it to charity or selfishly keeping it .
It turned out that the charitable types were then able to hold up a 5lb weight significantly longer than those who sniggeringly trousered the cash .
Similarly , other subjects who wrote stories in which they did good deeds turned out to be noticeably stronger than those whose tales depicted them neither harming nor helping others .
Worryingly , though , test subjects who wrote stories in which they figured as baleful malefactors turned out to be even stronger than the goody - goodies .
" Whether you 're saintly or nefarious , there seems to be power in moral events , " Gray says .
There 's truth , then , in Sir Galahad 's lines in Tennyson , where he states that " my strength is as the strength of ten / because my heart is pure " .
But it would seem that there 's power to be gained , too , down the possibly quicker , easier , more seductive other path .
And the destiny of those who sit on the fence and refuse to commit - doing no evil , perhaps , but doing no real good either , for instance like certain major search providers - is to be little more than pawns or collateral damage in the eternal battle between good and evil .
Gray 's research is published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science . ®
In the first part of this guide , I explained part of a technique for generating CSP models from a CHP program — including the introduction of the specification type .
In this second part of the guide I take a slight diversion to explain how to pretty - print the specifications .
We will see in this part how parallel composition is rendered , which has particular importance in CSP .
After we ’ve created the model of our program , we need to print it out to a file , ready to be fed to the proof - checker or other tool .
I wanted the model to be as comprehensible as possible after printing , so that users ( and I ! ) can read it .
To that end , I used a pretty - printing library : pretty from Hackage , which is imported as PP throughout the code in this post .
( After I wrote this code , Marc Fontaine uploaded a library to Hackage produced that supports CSP notation in an AST , but it ’s easier for me to keep my original code rather than switch over . )
Sequence
CSP has two forms of sequencing .
A semi-colon sequences two processes , whereas an arrow prefixes a process ( right - hand side ) with an event ( left - hand side ) .
My code for printing out a sequence of processes uses the arrow wherever possible , and a semi-colon otherwise :
type ProcEvents = Map.Map String ( Set. Set String ) pprintCSP_Seq :: ProcEvents -> Spec' String String -> PP. Doc pprintCSP_Seq m = PP. parens .
PP.sep . p where p [ ] = [ PP.text " SKIP " ] p ( Sync c : xs ) = [ name c , PP. text " -> " ] ++ p xs p [ x ] = [ pprintCSP m x ] p ( x :xs ) = [ pprintCSP m x , PP. text " ; " ] ++ p xs
The SKIP process does nothing , so it is used for blank lists and at the end of the list .
Note that the singleton list [ Sync x ] will turn into x -> SKIP , whereas [ Par xs ] will not turn into xs ; SKIP ( it will be merely xs ) .
The ProcEvents parameter is used later on for printing out parallel composition and so must be passed around in case there are any nested parallel compositions .
Choice
External choice is handled by the first case of pprintCSP :
pprintCSP :: ProcEvents -> SpecItem ' String String -> PP. Doc pprintCSP m ( Alt s ) = zeroOneMore m " STOP " ( withOp m " [ ] " ) s
The helper functions are used to treat differently the case where the list is empty ( in which case it uses the second parameter ) , has one item ( in which case it is printed using pprintCSP_Seq ) , or has multiple items ( in which case it is processed using the third parameter , which above joins the items with the external choice operator [ ] ) :
withOp :: ProcEvents -> String -> [ Spec' String String ] -> PP .
Doc with Op m op = PP. parens .
PP.sep .
intersperse ( PP.text op ) . map ( pprintCSP_Seq m ) zeroOneMore :: ProcEvents -> String -> ( [ Spec ' String String ] -> PP.Doc ) -> [ Spec' String String ] -> PP.Doc zeroOneMore _ z _ [ ] = PP. text z zeroOneMore m _ _ [ x ] = pprintCSP_Seq m x zeroOneMore _ _ f xs = f xs
Parallel
When you compose two CSP processes in parallel , you must specify the events on which they synchronise .
The process ( a -> SKIP ) [ | { |a|} | ] ( a -> SKIP ) will perform the event “ a ” once , with both sides of the parallel synchronising on event “ a ” together — that item in the middle is an infix parallel composition operator , parameterised by the singleton set containing “ a ” .
In contrast , the process a -> SKIP [ | {| |} | ] a ->
SKIP ( which can be written more simply as : a -> SKIP | || a -> SKIP ) will perform the event “ a ” twice , with each side of the parallel doing it in turn — this is known as interleaving on an event .
In CHP , there is no support for interleaving ; all events are synchronising .
However , we cannot just put all events in the synchronising set .
The process ( a -> SKIP ) [| { |a , b|} | ] ( b -> SKIP ) will deadlock — each side tries to synchronise with the other on their respective events , which never happens .
The solution is of course to use the intersection of the events that each side engages in :
pprintCSP m ( Par xs ) = zeroOneMore m " SKIP " joinPar xs where joinPar :: [ Spec ' String String ] -> PP.Doc joinPar [ a ] = pprintCSP_Seq m a joinPar ( a:bs ) = PP. parens $ PP.sep $ [ pprintCSP_Seq m a , pprintParOp ( findAllComms eventName m a ` Set.intersection` unionAll ( map ( findAllComms eventName m ) bs ) ) , joinPar bs ] pprintCSP _ ( Call p ) = name p pprintCSP _ x = error $ " pprintCSP : " ++ show x pprintParOp :: Set. Set String -> PP. Doc pprintParOp s | Set.null s = PP. text " ||| " | otherwise = surround " [ |{ | " " |} | ] " $ intersperse PP.comma $ map name ( Set.toList s ) where surround a b x = PP.sep $ [ PP.text a ] ++ x ++ [ PP.text b ]
The findAllComms does as its name suggests : it forms a set of all the communications performed anywhere in the process , using the supplied Map that we have been passing around to find out what communications are performed by named processes that are called .
Note that as we compose parallel items together , we compose the head of the list using the intersection of all communications performed in the head , and all communications performed in the rest of the list ( which will be the right - hand side of the parallel composition ) .
So if you have three processes : [ a -> b -> SKIP , b -> c -> SKIP , a -> c -> SKIP ] , they will get composed as :
((( a -> b -> SKIP ) [ |{| a , b |} | ] (( b -> c -> SKIP ) [ |{| c |} | ] ( a -> c -> SKIP ) ) ) )
The first process synchronises on “ a ” and “ b ” with the others , as both feature somewhere later in the list .
The second and third process only synchronise together on “ c ” ; the events “ a ” and “ b ” are not shared , and thus occur separately , but synchronised with the first process .
Parallel Composition Omission
Basing the synchronisation sets on those events that are potentially performed has a problem .
If a process is given a channel - end or barrier , but never uses it at all , the event will not show up in the model for that process , and thus will not be used in the synchronisation set .
Let ’s say you have a barrier , “ b ” with two processes enrolled , but one does not use it .
Given those two processes , say “ a -> SKIP ” and “ SKIP ” they will be composed as “ a -> SKIP | || SKIP “ , which will run fine — even though the original program would have deadlocked !
The solution to this is to introduce extra code for tracking how many processes are involved in an event , and add dummy processes that have the events in their synchronisation set but never use them , thus reflecting the deadlock in the model .
I have n’t yet implemented this just yet , though .
Summary
We have now seen how parallel composition is implemented , including determination of the synchronisation sets .
In future parts of the guide , we will examine the remaining parts of CHP : channel communications , choice , and iteration , as well as how all these are put together .
The Cassandra ( v.0.8.5 ) database bindings , generated using the Thrift ( v.0.6 . * ) compliler , Released under the Apache 2.0 license .
I opened up a big can of debate Monday , when I repeated some chatter around that consumer spending might be juiced by all those folks not paying their mortgages .
They have a little extra cash , so they 're spending it at the mall .
Some of you thought the premise had some validity , others , as is often the case , told me I was an idiot .
Well after the blog went up Erin Burnettput the question to Economist Robert Shiller , of the S&P / Case Shiller Home Price Index , during an interview on Street Signs .
He did n't deny the possibility , and added :
" In some sense there might be a silver lining in that . "
Then I decided to ask Mark Zandi , of Moody 's Economy.com , who will often shoot down my more ridiculous theories .
I asked him if this was a crazy idea :
To see just how much geography and old empires shape today ’s Europe , look at how former Communist Eastern Europe has turned out : the countries in the north , heirs to Prussian and Hapsburg traditions 
Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary  have performed much better economically than the heirs to Byzantium and Ottoman Turkey : Romania , Bulgaria , Albania and Greece .
And the parts of the former Yugoslavia that were under Hapsburg influence , Slovenia and Croatia , have surged ahead of their more Turkish neighbors , Serbia , Kosovo and Macedonia .
The breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991 , at least initially , mirrored the divisions between Rome and Byzantium .
The Greek debt crisis is the biggest challenge since those Yugoslav secessions to Europe ’s attempt at overcoming its geographical and historical divisions .
Whereas in the early decades of the cold war the European enterprise had to heal only the long - time rift between France and Germany , now it is a matter of Carolingian and Prussian Europe  Brussels and Berlin  incorporating the far - flung Mediterranean and Balkan peripheries .
And it is precisely because Europe , for the first time in history , faces no outside threat to its security that it may fall prey to the narcissism of its internal contradictions .
That the European Union ’s northern powers are n’t willing to bail Greece out entirely by themselves , but are relying on the International Monetary Fund to kick in up to $ 20 billion , shows that there are limits to how far they will go toward the dream of a unified supercontinent .
Still , just as geography has divided Europe , it also unites it .
For example , a lowland corridor from the Atlantic to the Black Sea has allowed travelers for centuries to cross the length of Europe with speed and comfort , contributing to Europe ’s cohesion and sense of itself .
The Danube , as the Italian scholar Claudio Magris rhapsodizes , “ draws German culture , with its dream of an Odyssey of the spirit , towards the east , mingling it with other cultures in countless hybrid metamorphoses . ”
Central Europe , cleft from the West during the cold war , is the continent ’s universal joint : a fact that puts the responsibility for surmounting the politics of historical division squarely on the shoulders of a united Germany .
Germans should realize that Greece , with only 11 million people , nevertheless remains the ultimate register of Europe ’s health .
It is the only part of the Balkans accessible on several seaboards to the Mediterranean , is roughly equidistant from Brussels and Moscow , and is as close to Russia culturally as to Europe by virtue of its Eastern Orthodox Christianity .
In a century that will likely see a resurgent Russia put pressure on Europe , especially on the former Soviet satellite states in the east , the state of politics in Athens will say much about the success or failure of the European project .
The good news is that northern Europeans know this , and will not let Greece fail .
Indeed , to let Greece drift politically eastward would forfeit any hope of a big and inclusive Europe  geographically , politically and culturally  in favor of a small and petty one , Charlemagne ’s empire pretending to be Rome .
In late 2007 , as the mortgage crisis gained momentum and many banks were suffering losses , Goldman Sachs executives traded e-mail messages saying that they would make “ some serious money ” betting against the housing markets .
The messages , released Saturday by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , appear to contradict statements by Goldman that left the impression that the firm lost money on mortgage - related investments .
In the messages , Lloyd C. Blankfein , the bank ’s chief executive , acknowledged in November 2007 that the firm had lost money initially .
But it later recovered by making negative bets , known as short positions , to profit as housing prices plummeted .
“ Of course we did n’t dodge the mortgage mess , ” he wrote .
“ We lost money , then made more than we lost because of shorts . ”
He added , “ It ’s not over , so who knows how it will turn out ultimately . ”
In another message , dated July 25 , 2007 , David A. Viniar , Goldman ’s chief financial officer , reacted to figures that said the company had made a $ 51 million profit from bets that housing securities would drop in value .
“ Tells you what might be happening to people who do n’t have the big short , ” he wrote to Gary D. Cohn , now Goldman ’s president .
PARANOID TEABAGGERS WON'T ANSWER CENSUS By Colleen Smith , Staff Reporter Since the beginning of civilization itself , nations have needed to know who lives inside their borders .
The United States is no exception , and has always taken a census every ten years .
As the Constitution says in Article I , Section 2 Clause 3 : The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent Term of ten Years , in such Manner as they shall by Law direct .
In spite of this , an alarming number are treating the census as if it were something new and unwelcome .
Many are refusing to answer , especially those in the right wing tea party movement , dubbed " teabaggers " by their critics .
I tried to find out just why they were so afraid of the census , a task that two of my colleagues could not complete .
The teabaggers would not talk to Naven Jones , a freelance journalist who frequently works with The Uncoveror , because he is African - American .
They also objected to the questions my fellow staff reporter Ben Radstein asked .
I guess they found me less threatening .
I spoke to Billy Joe Mumford about the census , and he said , " I 'll never answer the dang thing .
Barack Hussein Obama and all the Jews , Muslims and blacks in Washington are making a list of who and where all the white Christians are .
It 's a conspiracy !
It 's all right there in his name .
Barack is a Jewish name .
Hussein is a Muslim Arab name , and Obama is African ! "
I told him that census forms did not even ask religion , but he did not believe a word of it , so I did n't try to argue .
I then spoke to Mildred Baines , who also was angry .
" I do n't know where those clowns in Washington get off claiming they need to know all this stuff all the sudden .
I 'm not going to tell them I am white so they can decide I am too rich , and raise my taxes for more welfare !
We need to get back to the good old days . "
I told her that the census is done every ten years , and is nothing new .
She responded , " Did n't those godless commies in the Soviet Union have ten year plans ?
That is what it sounds like to me . "
There are problems when people refuse to answer .
If enough people are not counted , an area could lose its Congressman as well as federal funding for schools , roads and a host of other things that are based on the population of a given area .
The census has always been necessary , and always will be , but you can never argue with crazy people .
It just makes them cling to their outrageous notions even more .
They think everything is some kind of conspiracy .
The lunatic fringe even has friends in Washington like Congresswoman Michelle Bachman .
( R - MN )
She says that her family will not answer the census , and is encouraging her constituents not to .
It may have never occurred to her that one of the congressional districts that could go " poof " if it is undercounted is hers .
We will have to wait and see how this turns out .
We probably cannot get an accurate count this time , thanks to the tinfoil hat crowd .
Paranoia will destroy ya , as an old song says .
HOME Your Ad Here .
Have you seen Disney Pixar 's movie UP ?
Every time I see this movie I cry no matter what .
It is quite touching .
So , when Wildlfowers Photography shared with us this adorable engagement shoot we were so excited to share it with you !
The idea of this photo shoot came from Lynnette and James .
Their favorite movie is UPso they wanted an engagement shoot based around the movie .
Below is a sweet and touching letter that James wrote to Lynnette and so kindly shared with Wildlfowers Photography and we are going to share it with you ... break out your hankies ...
" Lynnette ...
I have a confession , I am in love with you .
It is not the ' usual ' love , but the love that makes me remember the little things , the ' boring ' things .
It is the boring things in life that I will remember the most .
The memories of jumping over sidewalk cracks to how the clouds talk to us .
You make me remember the moments .
It is that love that makes me believe .
Belief that I was there when you were a toothless kid .
Dancing through life , only stopping to hold my hand .
Letting me know that anything is possible .
I am in love with you , ' my greatest adventure ' .
- James "
Hope you enjoy this Disney Pixars Up Engagement Shoot .
Photography : Wildlfowers Photography
MUNICH — Beer enthusiasts might want to keep closer tabs on the Catholic calendar .
Two weeks after Fasching , or Fat Tuesday , each year , a short list of local celebrities gathers at the Paulaner cellar in Munich to watch an honorary braumeister drive a brass tap into a new keg .
The content he unleashes is called " strong beer , " and when it starts flowing , Starkbierzeit , or strong beer season , officially kicks off .
This is Munich 's subdued and slightly delayed Mardi Gras of sorts .
It 's also described as the insider 's Oktoberfest — there ...
Ancient DNA retrieved from extinct horse species from around the world has challenged one of the textbook examples of evolution -- the fossil record of the horse family Equidae over the past 55 million years .
The study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , involved an international team of researchers and the Australian Centre for Ancient DNA ( ACAD ) based at the University of Adelaide .
Only the modern horse , zebras , wild asses and donkey survive today , but many other lineages have become extinct over the last 50,000 years .
ACAD Director Professor Alan Cooper says despite an excellent fossil record of the Equidae , there are still many gaps in our evolutionary knowledge .
" Our results change both the basic picture of recent equid evolution , and ideas about the number and nature of extinct species . "
The study used bones from caves to identify new horse species in Eurasia and South America , and reveal that the Cape zebra , an extinct giant species from South Africa , were simply large variants of the modern Plains zebra .
The Cape zebra weighed up to 400 kilograms and stood up to 150 centimetres at the shoulder blades .
" The Plains zebra group once included the famous extinct quagga , so our results confirm that this group was highly variable in both coat colour and size . "
Lead author of the paper , Dr Ludovic Orlando from the University of Lyon , says the group discovered a new species of the distinct , small hippidion horse in South America .
advertisement
" Previous fossil records suggested this group was part of an ancient lineage from North America but the DNA showed these unusual forms were part of the modern radiation of equid species , " Dr Orlando says .
A new species of ass was also detected on the Russian Plains and appears to be related to European fossils dating back more than 1.5 million years .
Carbon dates on the bones reveal that this species was alive as recently as 50,000 years ago .
" Overall , the new genetic results suggest that we have under - estimated how much a single species can vary over time and space , and mistakenly assumed more diversity among extinct species of megafauna , " Professor Cooper says .
" This has important implications for our understanding of human evolution , where a large number of species are currently recognised from a relatively fragmentary fossil record .
" It also implies that the loss of species diversity that occurred during the megafaunal extinctions at the end of the last Ice Age may not have been as extensive as previously thought .
In contrast , ancient DNA studies have revealed that the loss of genetic diversity in many surviving species appears to have been extremely severe , " Professor Cooper says .
" This has serious implications for biodiversity and the future impacts of climate change . "
This undated picture released in 2008 by the Australian Customs Services shows a mother whale and her calf being dragged on board a Japanese ship after being harpooned in Antarctic waters .
Australia has said it would begin legal action next week to stop Japan killing hundreds of whales a year in the name of scientific research , prompting immediate condemnation from Tokyo .
Australia said Friday it would begin legal action next week to stop Japan killing hundreds of whales a year in the name of scientific research , prompting immediate condemnation from Tokyo .
Officials said they would lodge documents with the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) in The Hague " early next week " , abandoning diplomacy after repeated threats to sue .
" We want to see an end to whales being killed in the name of science in the Southern Ocean , " said Environment Protection Minister Peter Garrett .
" Today 's announcement of legal action shows the government is taking steps to bring a permanent end to whaling in the Southern Ocean . "
Japanese Fisheries Minister Hirotaka Akamatsu called the announcement " very disappointing " , adding that Japan 's " research " was approved under the rules of an international moratorium on commercial whaling .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said the government had been unable to find a diplomatic solution to the problem , despite protracted talks and debate within the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) .
" The Australian government has not taken this decision lightly , " said Smith .
" But recent statements by whaling countries in the commission have provided Australia with little cause for hope that our serious commitment to conservation of the world 's whales will be reflected in any potential IWC compromise agreement , " he added .
Smith denied the action would affect relations with Japan , one of Australia 's top two export markets , describing it as " a disagreement in one element of a relationship that is deep , broad and multi- dimensional " .
New Zealand said it was also considering a case against Japan in the ICJ , with Foreign Minister Murray McCully promising a decision " in the next few weeks " .
" The government has always said that action in the ICJ remains an option for New Zealand if the diplomatic process fails , " McCully said .
Both countries have consistently opposed Japan 's whaling , which it carries out under a loophole in the 1986 international moratorium that allows " lethal research " .
Canberra hardened its rhetoric in recent months , warning Japan that diplomacy would " come to an end this year " as it lodged a bold plan to phase out the controversial hunts with the IWC .
Tokyo has defended the legality of its programme and described as " extremely regrettable " Australia 's bid to abolish so - called " scientific whaling " and stop harpooning in the Southern Ocean within five years .
After months of wrangling , the IWC last month adopted a compromise proposal that would allow Japan , Iceland and Norway to hunt the ocean giants openly if they agree to reduce their catch " significantly " over 10 years .
Australia attacked the compromise , under which Japan 's Antarctic catch would go down to 410 whales next season -- from about 500 this year -- and then 205 in the 2015 - 2016 season .
Dramatic confrontations between militant anti-whalers and harpooners have stoked the tensions , with the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society harassing Japan 's fleet on the high seas .
This week New Zealand activist Pete Bethune went on trial in Tokyo for boarding a whaling ship in retaliation for a collision that sunk Sea Shepherd 's high - tech Ady Gil powerboat in January .
Bethune , 45 , was detained by the whalers and taken back to Japan , where he was formally arrested by the Japanese Coast Guard and charged with obstructing business , trespass , property destruction , weapons violations and assault .
He pleaded guilty to all but the assault charge , which relates to his firing a rancid butter stink - bomb during a February 11 clash with whalers .
Bethune faces up to 15 years in prison and a verdict is expected in June .
Japan and New Zealand are yet to release the findings of their own inquiries into the clash .
The IWC is next due to meet in Morocco in June .
Explore further Commission proposes limited commercial whale hunts
( c ) 2010 AFP
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
April 1 , 2010
It is hardly surprising “ anarchists ” ( now synonymous in many instances with government agents provocateurs ) are calling for “ crashing ” Tea Party events .
Government ops masquerading as anti-government activists often attack the real folks who oppose the government .
Governments have run such false flag operations since time immemorial .
Black bloc anarchists specialize in providing meaningless property damage for corporate media cameras .
Is this the sort of behavior Tea Party activists can expect from anarchist counter - demonstrators on April 15 when the Tea Party movement plans to protest confiscatory taxation ?
“ On April 15th thousands of right - wingers will attend rallies in cities and towns across the United States , ” writes the admin of Infoshop News .
“ The organizers of this nationwide day of protest call it a tea party .
This tea party movement that emerged only a year ago is a coalition of conservatives , anti-Semites , fascists , libertarians , racists , constitutionalists , militia men , gun freaks , homophobes , Ron Paul supporters , Alex Jones conspiracy types and American flag wavers . ” ( Emphasis added . )
No , the Tea Party movement came into existence as the Boston Tea Party in December of 2008 , not that we should expect a suspicious gaggle of “ anarchists ” to get the facts straight , especially if the facts do not fit in the narrow confines of their ideology .
“ The Libertarian Party of Illinois got the idea to hold an April 15 , 2009 anti-tax ‘ Boston Tea Party ’ in Chicago way back in December of 2008 .
On February 10 , 2009 they started a Facebook page and began promoting the website throughout the Illinois media , ” writes Donny Ferguson of the Libertarian National Committee .
“ Of course , for the Libertarian Party every day is a Tea Party .
We ’ve been the only consistently pro-taxpayer party since our founding over 30 years ago . ”
Apparently the bizarro world of corporate media dominated political propaganda has infected the “ anarchists ” ( at least the Infoshop variety ) who now sound like Democrats .
Once upon a time , anarchism was a political philosophy that stood in opposition to government .
The term anarchism derives from the Greek anarchos , meaning “ without rulers . ”
But apparently the Infoshop strain of anarchist has deviated from the original definition — they now appear to be indistinguishable from state - loving “ progressives ” who also consider Libertarian Tea Party activists “ anti-Semites , fascists , libertarians , racists , constitutionalists , militia men , gun freaks , homophobes , Ron Paul supporters , Alex Jones conspiracy types and American flag wavers . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Note the pairing of “ fascists ” and “ libertarians ” in the above .
Libertarians are the polar opposite of fascists .
“ All within the state , nothing outside the state , nothing against the state , ” said the grand daddy of fascism , Benito Mussolini .
Does this sound like Libertarianism ?
Anarchists were at the front in the battle against fascism in Spain .
Italian anarchists played a key role in the anti-fascist organization Arditi del Popolo that went up against Mussolini ’s Blackshirts .
But that was then and this is now .
Now so - called anarchists specialize in making anti-war demonstrations look like a re-run of the Days of Rage in 1969 .
Anarchists think they are fighting the state by smashing windows at McDonalds and providing the corporate media with scary images of black - clad youths trashing bank lobbies .
Here is what the Infoshop News anarchists plan to do :
“ Organize counter - protests against the tea party demonstrations , same time , same place .
This is probably the best option .
We need to get in the streets on April 15th and show the tea party movement that there are lots of people out there who oppose their agenda . ”
In other word , as state - sponsored “ anarchists , ” the Infoshop News anarchists are opposed to protesting against and apparently support confiscatory taxation by the government .
How they have deviated from their origins .
Is it possible they will be wearing their police issued storm trooper boots ?
“ Get individual tea party protesters to leave the right - wing and move to the left politically . ”
The truth comes out .
The Infoshop anarchists identify with the so - called left dominated by corporate and bankster foundations and run in large part by George Soros .
Is it possible Mr. Soros is an anarchist ?
“ Ignore the tea party movement .
This is the worst option because without anyone opposing them they could easily gain power . ”
Please , statist anarchists — an oxymoron , but apparently not in bizarro world — ignore the Tea Party movement .
Do n’t bother counter - demonstrating .
“ If the tea party movement takes over this country they will really hurt poor people by getting rid of social programs like food stamps , unemployment benefits , disability benefits , student aid , free health care , etc , ” Infoshop News claims .
“ The tea party movement will say these programs must be gotten rid of because hard - working taxpayers cannot afford to pay for these things especially when the economy is in a depression . ”
Anarchists — originally against the state , now a tool of the foundation left — are calling for more government and more theft of tax payer money and wealth redistribution , that is to say stealing money from producers ( not multinational corporations , but small business people ) .
How is this anarchism ?
Obviously , it is in the political bizarro world constructed by the bankers and one - worlders where warped propaganda is disseminated by the funhouse mirror corporate media that distorts any significant political opposition .
Infoshop News is merely doing its part .
It makes sense that anarchists , as stooges for the state ( and actors in corporate media propaganda ) , now sound like apologists for government and have picked up Keith Olbermann ’s talking points .
Like the Republican Tea Party , the anarchists were infiltrated and turned into a vehicle for making real activists look like violent clowns .
Anarchists are invariably deployed when real political protest arises .
It will be no different on April 15 as the state continues its effort to discredit and marginalize all effective opposition .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I felt so stupid when I took a class about sex in 17th century london .
I did not know that dildos existed so far back !
People are always talking about how worse things are now when clearly people have always been freaks .
Embrace it .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Improving Haskell on Windows by adding it to TakeoffGW
Finally someone has created a working MinGW distribution with a package manager !
http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/takeoffgw/index.php?title=Main_Page
Pier11 has done a great job of making MinGW libraries , tools and apps easy to install .
It may seem limited at this stage ( compared to what is available on linux ) , but it is a darn site better than fishing around for a combination of prebuilt binaries or building everything from source .
I think we should embrace this project and try to add support for installing Haskell using it ( GHC , Haskell Platform , Darcs , Gtk2Hs , Leksah , ... ) .
You can read the comments here to get a feel for just how Windows users feel about TakeoffGW ...
http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/c9duj/takeoffgw_mingw_based_distribution_with_a
I tried it out myself and had Gtk2Hs and Leksah up and running in no time using TakeoffGW to install all the prerequisites .
Hamish
They ’re Actually Faster
Benchmarking under OS
X is n’t difficult , you just need to get creative .
Luckily I ’m in dire need of creative outlets so creating OS X benchmarks works for me .
I ’m using the same tests I introduced in my Holiday 2009 Macbook Pro roundup and running on the same hardware ( specs listed in the tables on the previous pages ) .
The Core i5 system is the new entry level 15 - inch MacBook Pro .
We ’ll start with general application performance .
General OS usage is a difficult thing to quantify , but one measure of performance has always been the number of bounces an icon in the dock makes before an application loads .
I decided to take it to the next level and write a quick script to launch 15 applications in a row , timing how long the entire process takes .
I launched , in order : Mail , Safari , Activity Monitor , iTunes , iCal , DVD Player , iPhoto , Photo Booth , Quicktime Player , Disk Utility , Preview , iMovie , Front Row , Garage Band and Aperture .
The entire process stresses both the disk and CPU , which is why we see a huge improvement when going to an SSD as well as differences between CPU speeds .
My application launch test absolutely rocks on the MacBook Air because it ships with an SSD by default .
The MacBook Pros are stuck with mechanical hard drives and thus do n’t perform nearly as well .
If you ’re curious , installing an Intel X25 - M G2 in any of the MBPs will drop their times to 16 seconds or less .
The new MacBook Pro also does n’t improve performance that much .
I measured a 3 % increase in performance , which although repeatable , is n’t really spectacular .
This is compared to the old 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo and should serve as a baseline for the minimum performance improvement you should see .
In other words , the 2.4GHz 15 - inch MacBook Pro should perform no worse than last year ’s 2.53GHz model .
The $ 2199 model with a Core i7 running at 2.66GHz pushes performance up another 3.9 % over the base model .
That 's actually more than I expected but the real strength of the i7 is visible in the more CPU bound tests .
Adobe Photoshop CS4 Performance
The Retouch Artists Speed Test we use for our CPU testing under Windows also works under OS X .
We 're running the exact same benchmark here , basically performing a bunch of image manipulations and filters and timing the entire process .
The old 13 - inch MacBook Pro is penalized by only shipping with 2GB of memory , which is why it performs so poorly here .
The real comparison is between the 2.4GHz Core i5 vs. the 2.53 GHz Core 2
Duo from last year .
The former is 16.6 % faster in our Photoshop test .
In fact , the new 15 - inch MacBook Pro is even faster than the older 2.80 GHz 17 - inch model I reviewed .
The Core i7 model is 12.3 % faster than the baseline Core i5 2.40GHz .
Definitely noticeable .
Aperture 2 RAW Import
For my Aperture test I simply timed how long it took to import 203 12 MP RAW images into the library .
The new entry level 15 - inch MBP is 10.9 % faster than the old MacBook Pro , and again , it ’s faster than the old 17 - inch model as well .
Moving to the Core i7 gives you another 11.8 % .
Cinebench R10
I ’m a fan of the Cinebench test because it lets me show off both single and multithreaded performance in the same workload .
First , the single threaded performance :
Here we have a huge advantage on the new MacBook Pro. Intel ’s Turbo Boost is active here , resulting in a large performance advantage , not to mention all of the enhancements present in the Nehalem / Arrandale architectures .
This is one of the best situations for the Core i7 vs. the i5 .
The extra $ 400 gives you another 14.7 % , not bad at all .
Multithreaded performance is equally impressive :
Thanks to Hyper Threading , the new Core i5 puts a generational gap between itself and last year ’s MacBook Pro in this test .
Whether you ’re running single threaded or multithreaded applications , the Core i5 can be noticeably faster than the Core 2 Duo .
Quicktime H.264 Video Encoding
Our final benchmark is more consumer focused .
Here I 'm taking an XviD and converting it to an iPhone - supported H.264 format .
Video encoding is one of the i5 ’s definite strengths .
If you do a lot of video encoding on your notebook , the jump from Core 2 to i5 is tremendous - approaching 50 % in this case even despite the “ lower ” default clock speed .
This is also the best showing for the Core i7 - count on an extra 15 % over the base Core i5 .
Core i7 vs. Core i5 Performance Summary
The two Core i5 models Apple offers ship with a 2.40 GHz or 2.53GHz processor , both with a 3MB L3 cache .
The $ 2199 15 - inch MacBook Pro comes with a 2.66 GHz Core i7 , with a full 4MB L3 cache .
Compared to the entry level model that 's an 11 % increase in clock speed and a 33 % increase in L3 cache .
While I do n't believe there 's much reason to go for the 2.53GHz over the 2.40 GHz model ( L3 cache size remains the same , clock speed goes up by a small amount ) , the Core i7 is actually pretty decent .
For a 22 % increase in total system cost you end up with 11 - 15 % better performance in CPU bound applications .
It actually even feels snappier in general use as well .
I 'd still suggest opting for an SSD before considering any CPU upgrades , but if you 're looking to keep your new MacBook Pro for a while the Core i7 is worth it .
The Next Web reviews 5 major web apps , essential for tracking the UK ’s closest General Election in years .
Great Britain is in the midst of its most closely fought General Election Campaign for several decades .
For the first time ever , live TV debates featuring the three main party leaders are being used … and what an impact the first one has had !
The latest web apps from some of the UK ’s leading news websites are a great way to keep up to speed with a political landscape which changes on a daily basis .
Here ,
The Next Web gives its verdict on some of the latest mapping and analysis tools available in the run up to elction day on May 6th , having already taken a look at some of the latest Election - related iPhone apps .
Each of the 5 useful tools reviewed here offers something a little different for readers looking to keep abreast of developments in the 2010 Election campaign .
The latest interactive offerings from the BBC , The Times , The Telegraph , The Guardian and Yahoo ! are reviewed after the jump :
1. The Guardian
The Guardian ’s Election map uses simple Tetris - like blocks to build up an abstract picture of Britain , although an alternative zoomable , geographical view is also available from the menu , as is an animated bar - chart view .
Regional breakdowns are accessible via an alphabetical list and hovering over each constituency ’s ‘ block ’ reveals snapshot details of the current majority and 2005 election results .
Specific constituencies can also be searched for by name .
To the right of the map is a pie chart of concentric circles , showing the relationships between the three main parties .
The centre of the circle can be grabbed on a mouse - click and pulled in , out and around each of the three coloured segments , with the resulting moves in any of the parties ’ favour being instantly reflected on the map itself , whether in ‘ Tetris ’ , geographical or bar - chart mode .
The Next Web Verdict – The Guardian : Votes For : Simple , flexible and fast - loading with well executed animations .
Votes Against : No opinion poll updates .
Spoiled Papers : Constituency details open up a separate web page .
2. The Telegraph
The Telegraph has deployed an abstract honeycomb map with each cell representing a constituency , the name of which appears using ‘ hover ’ .
When a constituency is selected an arrow appears over the cell and a popup window quickly appears with the results of the 2005 election , with a second tab providing access to public service statistics for the area , including health , education and crime .
Within the popup window there ’s also a pane dedicated to related articles and links eg the current MP ’s voting record in the House of Commons , via theyworkforyou.com .
Back in the main map view , there are quick links to the very latest opinion polls , the results of which are displayed on the map , along with details of all seats that would change hands .
There ’s also a simple swingometer tool which lets you see the impact of voting swings between the parties on the map .
The Next Web Verdict – The Telegraph : Votes For : Fast loading popups with related info .
Votes Against :
No geographical map , abstract honeycomb only .
Spoiled Papers :
Tool could be larger , but it does pack a punch for its size .
3. The Times
The Times Election Map lets you zoom in gracefully by region and by individual constituency , quickly pulling up a graphical and percentage breakdown of the selected seat as well as brief details of the area .
Searching can be done by postcode too .
The zoom function is super - quick and the details of each constituency provide links to ‘ Who Will Win ? ’ prediction maps which draw up forecasts from Ladbrokes and Finktank .
The Times map was created in conjunction with Shift Control , based in Copenhagen , which specialises in data visualisation tools .
The Next Web Verdict – The Times : Votes For : Graceful animation and integrated Who Will Win? tool .
Votes Against :
No mechanism to adjust possible election results and view impact on map .
Spoiled Papers : Huge interface stands apart from The Times main election website .
4. Yahoo !
Yahoo ’s interactive election map looks a little dull compared the red , yellow and blue of the others reviewed here .
However , it actually performs pretty well .
It also looks like it is ready to start changing colour , region by region , as election results begin to roll in on May 6th and 7th .
Select a region and it immediately offers up an animated zoom to a close up map of the region over which you can hover to choose a specific constituency or select from the alphabetical list which appears .
On selecting a constituency , an information panel pops up with brief details around the status of the seat and the candidates , although no forecasts regarding potential results are available .
The Next Web Verdict – Yahoo : Votes For : Simple , responsive app .
Votes Against : Looks dowdy .
Spoiled Papers :
Far fewer ‘ toys ’ ( eg swingometers , polls , etc ) included than the other apps reviewed .
5. BBC
The BBC ’s Election seat calculator takes several of the tools deployed by the other apps reviewed here and makes them available in a single view .
The relationship between the main parties can be adjusted by ‘ grabbing ’ handles on the colour wheel and changing the size of each segment to see the impact on a honeycomb map similar to that used by The Telegraph and a bar chart much like that of The Guardian ’s app .
The results of all previous elections and their impact on the map are also available on a mouse - click , right back to 1974 .
Unlike the other maps reviewed here , details of individual constituencies cannot be accessed from the election seat calculator .
Instead a separate map is available via the menu which can be navigated by text search or by zooming into regions and then constituencies where details of candidates , previous results and local information can be found .
Aside from being a standalone tool , this map is colourless and very slow to load compared to some of the other apps reviewed here .
As well as the constituency map and the election seat calculator , the BBC has also created an interactive version of its famous Swingometer as used in its election night TV broadcasts .
This is where most of the election app development budget has gone and perhaps explains why what other media producers have achieved in single apps , is split out into separate tools by the BBC .
The Swingometer is , however , implemented fairly well .
It is delivered via flash and includes an overlayed video of Jeremy Vine explaining just how it works .
His instructions can be interrupted to drag the pointer left and right in order to see the impact of swings between any two of the major parties on the list of constituencies displayed alongside .
Unfortunately , the results cannot be seen on a map , so whilst the Swingometer tool looks slick , the much simpler implementations built into The Telegraph and Guardian tools and even the BBC ’s own Election seat calculator app can actually deliver greater visual impact .
The Next Web Verdict – BBC : Votes For : Comprehensive Election Seat Calculator .
Votes Against : Overly Flashy Swingometer .
Spoiled papers : Slow - loading constituency map not integrated .
So , that ’s about all for this round - up from The Next Web .
Doubtless , there are other interesting Election apps and tools out there .
Tell us about your favourite in the Comments .
Read next : Last.fm scrobbles 40 Billionth track , doubles US traffic
Well that ’s good news .
I just feel like these are “ feel good ” vengeance proposals that do nothing to make us safer .
I mean , really , how many lives is it going to save because a potential terrorist says , “ hey , if they catch me , I ’m fine with being executed , but I really do n’t want them to take away my citizenship too , so maybe I should n’t go through with this . ”
It ’s a dumb idea that wo n’t accomplish anything other than making people FEEL like they ’ve done something to make us safer , when they have n’t .
From Jake Tapper :
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs today indicated no one in the White House supports the legislation introduced today by Sens. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , that would give the State Department the power to revoke the citizenship of American terrorism suspects .
“ I have not heard anybody inside the administration that ’s been supportive of that idea , ” Gibbs said .
Gibbs said he had “ not heard large enumerations on why , except that I do n’t think anybody would find that to be such an effective way . ”
Lieberman offered the legislation today along with Sen. Scott Brown , R - Mass. , and Reps. Jason Altmire , D - Penn. , and Charlie Dent , R - Penn , which would add to the existing federal statute , 8 U.S.C. § 1481 , which identifies seven categories of actions for which U.S. citizens lose their citizenship .
The legislation , called the Terrorist Expatriation Act , would authorize the State Department to revoke the citizenship of any U.S. national who provides material support or resources to a Foreign Terrorist Organization or who engages in or supports hostilities against the United States or its allies .
A man has sued two Minneapolis police officers for allegedly conducting an illegal body cavity search during a traffic stop that was caught on surveillance video .
Recardo D. Meeks , 26 , said that officers David O'Connor and Daniel Anderson pulled him over in the 1900 block of E. 24th St. last year for driving after his license was suspended .
He alleged that they asked him to step out of the car , handcuffed him and took him to the rear of the squad car .
The suit , filed Monday in U.S. District Court , alleges that the officers accused Meeks of hiding contraband in his pants , which Meeks denied .
One or both of the officers forcibly removed his pants and underwear .
After putting on a pair of latex gloves , an officer , against Meeks ' will , searched his lower body cavity , the suit said .
One of the officers said they found a small amount of marijuana , and Meeks was given a misdemeanor citation for a suspended license and drug possession .
Meeks was n't prosecuted for either crime , the suit said .
Neither officer made a reference to a strip search in their incident reports .
Three months after the stop , Meeks complained to the city 's Civilian Review Authority , which opened an investigation .
The authority has a copy of the surveillance video but has n't allowed Meeks or his attorney to view it .
A representative of the authority described the video as " explicit , " the suit said .
Meeks could n't be reached for comment Tuesday .
A a city spokesman said he could n't confirm that the city has been served with the suit .
John Klassen , the attorney for Meeks , said he looks forward to his day in court .
" Federal courts across the country have uniformly held that public strip searches of suspects , which deny them any privacy whatsoever , are unconstitutional violations of civil rights , " Klassen said . " ...
This was a brutal , forced body cavity search done in public , of a suspect who was stopped on a suspected driving violation . "
David Chanen • 612-673-4465
It used to be difficult to find genuinely good female characters in science fiction and fantasy .
And even today , with plenty of excellent female characters to pick from , there still are n't that many that are also mothers .
In honor of Mother 's Day tomorrow , here are our picks for the ten best mother characters from science fiction and fantasy .
( Note :
There are possible spoilers ahead , if you have n't read / seen the stories from which the characters are taken . )
10 . Carol Marcus - Raising Jim Kirk 's son as a single mom could n't be easy : you hope your genes carry through instead of Kirk's , but then the boy starts climbing the tallest trees he can find , chasing anything female with a pulse , and freely ignoring the Prime Directive .
But she not only managed to bring up a smart and fairly well - adjusted ( if a bit whiny ) son , but also be a brilliant and prominent scientist — if that does n't make her an awesome mom , what could ?
9. Lady Jessica Atreides - OK , so she may not be the most successful mother ever , but her son does turn out to be the Kwisatz Haderach , so that has to be worth something , right ?
Her influence in the Dune universe is hard to overstate , with both of her children and her grandson ruling the Empire for periods of time ( in the case of her grandson Leto II , a really long time ) .
Her ultimate legacy is tarnished a bit by her name being used by the Sisterhood as a warning to practice restraint , but at least she was remembered , right ?
8. Martha Kent -
You think it 's tough to deal with your kids ' temper tantrums ?
Imagine having to worry they 'll register on the Richter scale !
And imagine his birthday parties : " OK , Clark , blow out the candles ...
CAREFULLY ! "
It 's a miracle she had any hair , gray or not , left by the time she was getting old .
7. Padme Amidala -
Yes , we know , she never actually had the opportunity to be a mother to Luke and Leia .
And she did spend most of Episode III sitting at home being pregnant and spouting mind - numbingly bad dialogue .
But she was pretty badass in Episodes I and II , and she did produce her twins , who did eventually help bring about the downfall of the Empire .
6 . The Alien Queen from Alien -
She may not look like a very good mom from a human perspective , but consider her side of the story : she 's just doing what she needs to do to perpetuate her species .
The fact that that 's a bit ... messy for the people on the Nostromo is not her fault , is it ?
5. Sharon " Athena " Agathon -
It has to be pretty tough , being the first Cylon to successfully reproduce with a human .
And unimaginably tough to have your child taken away and to think she 's dead .
But she manages to stay true to her promises of allegiance with the humans , and certainly comes through for Hera in the end .
The ending , whatever you may think of it , strongly implies that Hera , and thus Athena and Helo , are the progenitors of what became humanity on Earth .
4. Molly Weasley -
We 'll never quite understand what possessed Molly and Arthur to have more kids after Fred and George , other than the fact that their two younger kids are essential to the Harry Potter books ' plots .
Molly is a great mom , raising seven great kids ( well , maybe six great kids and Percy ) without a lot of money , though we 're sure the magic helped a lot .
And of course she treats
Harry almost as if he 's her son , too .
Consider what she had to deal with in the last two books : her eldest son Bill being attacked and disfigured by a werewolf , George losing an ear , and of course Fred 's death .
We do love the scene where she kills Bellatrix Lestrange , protecting Ginny and finally kicking butt the way we 'd always known she could .
3. Elastigirl / Helen Parr -
It 's certainly not a stretch to say that she 's a great mom .
She does everything she can to protect her family , even at great risk to herself .
And it has to be tough raising kids with superpowers ( see Martha Kent , above ) — we never get to see what Violet was like as a little kid , but can you imagine having a toddler who could turn invisible ?!
2. Cordelia Naismith Vorkosigan -
One of the awesomest moms in science fiction , Cordelia kicks butt and takes names .
She starts off the Vorkosigan saga as captain of a survey vessel , a position requiring a lot of education and no small amount of command ability .
Even after marrying Aral and moving to Barrayar , a planet where women are typically treated as second - class citizens , she remains resolutely independent and strong .
To rescue her unborn son ( they use a " uterine replicator , " so she is n't actually pregnant ) she even infiltrates the Imperial Residence and beheads the pretender to the throne .
When Miles is an adult , she is always a great mom to him , providing advice and comfort when needed , and a kick in the butt every now and then .
1. Sarah Connor -
Who else could be at number 1 ?
When it comes to standing up for your family , she goes far beyond what most people are capable of .
She would do , and does , just about anything to ensure her son John 's safety , not just because she knows he 's supposed to grow up to be the savior of humanity but because he's her son and anyone who wants to hurt him will have to go through her first .
She may not always know the right words to say to John , but sometimes actions speak louder than words , right ?
So , any favorite sci- fi or fantasy moms we missed ?
Leave a comment .
And of course , Happy Mother 's Day to all nonfictional moms reading this !
Washington ’s unprecedented backing for a UN resolution for a nuclear - free Middle East that singles out Israel has both angered and deeply worried the Jewish state although officials are cagey about openly criticising their biggest ally .
The resolution adopted by the United Nations on Friday calls on Israel to join the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) and urges it to open its facilities to inspection .
ADVERTISEMENT
It also calls for a regional conference in 2012 to advance the goal of a nuclear - free Middle East .
Israel is widely believed to be the only nuclear power in the Middle East , with around 200 warheads , but has maintained a policy of deliberate ambiguity about its capabilities since the mid-1960s .
The document , which singles out Israel but makes no mention of Iran ’s controversial nuclear programme , drew a furious reaction from the Jewish state who decried it as “ deeply flawed and hypocritical . ”
But it was US backing for the resolution which has caused the most consternation among Israeli officials and commentators , who interpreted the move as “ a resounding slap around the face ” which has dealt a very public blow to Israel ’s long - accepted policy of nuclear ambiguity .
Publicly , the Israel government has not criticised the US position but privately , officials expressed deep disappointment over the resolution , which Washington backed despite intensive Israeli efforts to block it .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the top- selling Yediot Aharonot daily , the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was “ furious with the Obama administration for having failed to prevent the resolution from passing … and for choosing to support it . ”
“ The American support for the resolution , after decades in which it supported Israel on this issue , came as a complete surprise , ” the paper said .
“ In the secret talks that Netanyahu held with Obama ’s men … Israel was promised that the resolution would not focus on Israel and that if it did , the Americans would vote against . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The left - leaning Haaretz daily said Israel had been “ sacrificed by the US on the altar of a successful conference ” in what constituted “ a diplomatic victory for Egypt ” which has campaigned against Israel ’s nuclear arsenal .
Five years ago , the paper recalled , Obama ’s predecessor George W. Bush , refused to accept parts of a draft document calling on Israel to join the NPT and dismissed the idea of holding talks to create a nuclear - free Middle East — even at the cost of the conference ’s failure .
ADVERTISEMENT
The controversial resolution was passed just days ahead of a key meeting between Obama and Netanyahu aimed at restoring friendly ties between the two allies which had been soured over a dispute about Jewish settlements .
But the Maariv daily said that Obama ’s ‘ last minute ’ invitation for Netanyahu to visit the White House had clearly been planned with the NPT review conference in mind .
“ It is reasonable to assume that the Americans knew they were going to deliver a blow to Israel ’s policy of nuclear ambiguity and that Obama wanted to try to minimize the damage , ” the paper said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The move draws a line under a long - held “ agreement ” between Israel and Washington dating back to 1969 under which the Jewish state was permitted to keep silent on its country ’s nuclear potential while holding back from any nuclear test .
In return , Washington agreed not to exert or allow any pressure on Israel over its nuclear capabilities .
“ It is an undeniably negative change to US policy ” with regards to Israel ’s nuclear programme , said Eitan Gilboa , an analyst from Bar Ilan University near Tel Aviv .
Pointing to contradiction between Obama both applauding the resolution and criticising it for singling out Israel , Gilboa said Washington was “ losing its leadership role because of the naive and unrealistic ” outlook of its president
An interesting ( if ultimately pointless ) graph that shows the points tally of equivalent clubs from the Premiership , La Liga and Serie A ( all of which play with a 20 - team , 38 - game season ) .
The most obvious point is the supreme points total of Spain ’s top two , completely dwarfing the points tally of England and Italy ’s champions .
On a similar note , despite the criticism of the other 18 clubs in La Liga for failing to compete with Barcelona and Real Madrid , this shows that 3rd - placed Valencia ’s points total was actually par for the course – similar to Arsenal ’s in England , and Milan ’s in Italy .
The graph also demonstrates the massive inequality in the Premiership in midtable .
From the final European place ( 7th ) to survival ( 17th ) there is a huge 28 points difference in the Premiership , compared to just 17 points in La Liga , and 13 in Serie A .
Consequently , you need a relatively high number of points to qualify for Europe in the Premiership , but a relatively low number to escape relegation , which backs up the claims of some fans that the Premiership contains too many mundane sides happy to finish in an 10th - 14th place each season – it ’s hard for them to do anything else .
.
The two purple lines show the two ‘ targets ’ for clubs – Champions League qualification for 4th place , and escaping relegation for 17th place .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
The New York Times has an article today about tailoring discounts to individuals .
They concentrated on Sam ’s Club , a warehouse chain .
Sam ’s Club is a good place for this sort of individual discounting since you have to be a member to shop there , and your membership is associated with every purchase you make .
So Sam ’s Club has a very good record of what you are buying there .
( In fact , as a division of Walmart Stores , perhaps Sam ’s has an even better picture based on the other stores in the chain , but no membership card is shown at Walmart , so it would have to be done through credit card or other information . )
The article stressed how predictive analytics could predict what an individual consumer might be interested in , and could then offer discounts or other messages to encourage buying .
Given how many loyalty cards I have , it is surprising how few really take advantage of the data they get .
Once in a while , my local supermarket seems to offer individualized coupons .
Barnes and Noble and Borders seem to offer nothing beyond “ Take 20 % of one item ” coupons , even though everything in my buying behavior says “ If you hook me on a mystery or science fiction series , I will buy each and every one of the series , including those that are only in hardcover ” .
Amazon does market to me individually , seeming to offer discounts that may be designed for me alone ( online retailers can hide individual versus group discounts very well : it is hard to know what others are seeing ) .
For both Sam ’s and Amazon , though , I would be worried that the companies would be using my data against me .
If the goal is to optimize net revenue , any optimal discounting scheme would have the following property : if I am sufficiently likely to buy a product without a discount , then no discount should be given .
The NY Times article had two quotes from customers :
“ There ’s a dollar off Bounce .
I use that all the time . ”
and
“ [ A customer ] said the best eValues deal yet was $ 300 off a $ 1,200 television .
“ I remember that day , ” he said later .
“ I came to buy food , and I bought two TVs . ”
The second story is a success for data mining ( assuming the company made a profit off of a $ 900 TV ) : the customer would not have purchased without it .
In the first first story , the evaluation is more complicated : if she really was going to buy Bounce anyway , then the $ 1 coupon was a $ 1 loss for Sam’s .
But consumer behavior is complicated : by offering small discounts on many items , Sam ’s encourages customers to buy all of their items there , not just the ones on discount .
So the overall effect may be positive .
But optimal discounting for these sorts of interrelated items with a lifetime environment is pretty complicated .
But here is a hypothetical situation ( presumably ) : it turns out that 25 year olds ( say ) are at a critical point in purchasing behavior when they decide exactly what brands they will purchase for the rest of their lifetime ; 50 year olds are set in their ways ( “ I always buy Colgate , I never buy Crest ” ) .
A 25 year old goes into Sam ’s , hits the kiosk and walks away with 10 pages of coupons ; a 50 year old gets nothing .
Is this a success for data mining ?
Perhaps the answer depends on whether you are 25 or 50 !
And , more importantly for me , does Amazon not give me discounts once it is sufficiently certain I am going to want a book ?
When you 're trying to find someone online , Google 's not the only game in town .
In the last two years , a handful of new people search engines have come onto the scene that offer better ways to pinpoint people info by name , handle , location , or place of employment .
While there 's still no killer , one - stop people search , there are more ways than ever to track down a long - lost friend , stalk an ex , or screen a potential date or employee .
The next time you wonder , " What ever happened to so - and - so ? " you 've got a few power people search tools to turn to .
Advertisement
Note : Stalking is serious business .
When we say ' stalk , ' we 're exaggerating , not recommending .
Find Phone Numbers and Addresses with ZabaSearch
Advertisement
Look up anyone 's home address ( es ) and phone numbers at ZabaSearch , a creepily - comprehensive people search engine that will freak you out when you search on your own name but save your ass when you desperately need a former coworker 's phone number .
ZabaSearch 's index includes listed and unlisted numbers and addresses ( though the founders say all the info is public record . )
ZabaSearch people search Recently - launched Zaba Search uncovers a whole lot of information about people given their first …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Search the " Deep Web " with Pipl
Advertisement
My favorite new search engine of the bunch , Pipl digs up information about a person Google often misses , supposedly by searching the " deep web " ( or " invisible web . " )
Pipl returns an impressive number of results for most people who use their " real " names online , including personal web pages , press mentions , MySpace pages , and Amazon wishlists .
You can also narrow your search for common names by entering city , state and country , too .
Advertisement
Search Several Social Sites at Once with Wink
Advertisement
So the person you 're looking for likely has a Friendster , Linked In , MySpace , Twitter , or Xanga account ?
Instead of searching each service individually , enter their full name or screen name , plus other identifying information like interests and location at Wink to do a one - hit comprehensive search of all those services at once .
Get Employment Results at ZoomInfo
Advertisement
Job-centric search engine ZoomInfo aggregates people and company information in one place to help candidates find the right job , but its people search tool also turns up information about corporate types especially well .
ZoomInfo's information listings on people , culled from the web , include people 's employment history and current job title , whether or not they 're looking for a job .
Search by a person 's full name at ZoomInfo , and when you get too many results , filter them by geography ( U.S. and Canada only . )
Find More than College Students at Facebook
Incessant notifications , Beacon , and zombies aside , one of Facebook 's greatest utilities is finding people online , and it 's not just for students anymore .
Chances are your grandmother set up a Facebook account this year , so all those annoying emails might be worth tracking down your best friend when you were 9 years old who moved to Florida on Facebook .
Advertisement
Practice Your Google - fu for Better People Results
Advertisement
Okay , fine , you can't talk finding people online without mentioning the big G .
For internet superstars you 'll get great results by just typing his / her name into Google 's search box , but for civilians , common names or names with double meanings , a few advanced Google techniques can help narrow down the field of results .
Enclose the first and last name of the person you 're searching for in quotes when you enter it into the search box ( like " John Smith " ) .
) .
Include other relevant words , like the person 's profession , employer , location , or screen name , too ( like banker or Austin , Texas . )
If the person you 're searching for is likely to appear on a particular web site — like a school — search only that site using the site : URL operator ( like site:ucla.edu " John Smith " ) .
) .
To look up people by face , search for them on Google Images determine the gender of a name
Advertisement
Get Context - Menu Access to People Search Engines with the Who Is This Person ?
Firefox extension
Advertisement
Finally , if you run across folks online you want to know more about often , search a ton of engines for someone 's name with the Who Is This Person ?
Firefox extension .
Simply highlight the name on any web page and look 'em up on Wink , LinkedIn , Wikipedia , Facebook , Google News , Technorati , Yahoo Person Search , Spock , WikiYou , ZoomInfo , IMDB , MySpace and other engines from the Who Is This Person ?
context menu item .
For more online sleuthing resources , check out Wendy 's great tutorial on searching public records online .
To make yourself more findable ?
Have a say in what Google says about you .
Also , many of these services let you " claim " your name and add information to your results .
Do a search for your own name and click the link that says , in effect , " Is this you ? "
Advertisement
Does the current crop of people search engines make you want to change your name , fail you entirely , or help you get in touch ?
Let us know what you think in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , likes to find and be found .
Her weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
A Michigan success story
( Fortune ) --
It is not the kind of view you expect these days in downtrodden Michigan .
From this rooftop plaza on the 17th floor of Bridgewater Place , evidence of urban renewal spreads in every direction .
Directly to the south is the modern campus of Grand Valley State University , home to 11,000 students .
Across the Grand River lies the sprawl of the redeveloped entertainment district , with its new arena and convention center , steps away from downtown business and government office buildings .
Atop a hill to the east is the city 's crown jewel : a $ 1 billion ( and growing ) medical complex that includes a cancer research center , specialized treatment facilities , and a medical school .
This is Grand Rapids , a small city ( pop. 200,000 ) in western Michigan with a redevelopment plan that has lessons for other cities looking to engineer new growth after the decline of old - economy industries .
That this plan has taken hold in , of all places , the Rustbelt of Michigan makes it all the more remarkable .
Two decades ago the city could have been headed the way of Flint , Pontiac , and , yes , Detroit .
But instead its fortunes have steadily improved , thanks to a remarkable combination of business leadership , public - private cooperation , and the deep pockets of local philanthropists .
Grand Rapids is much smaller than that city on Michigan 's eastern coast , Detroit ( pop. 800,000 ) .
Its populace is a bit more diverse , its suburban leaders were willing to work with city government , and its issues were much less complex .
But at a moment when corporate , philanthropic , and political leaders in Detroit are just beginning the process of working together to help revive the city ( see " Downsizing Detroit " on time.com ) , the Grand Rapids reinvention is worth examining .
For years
Detroiters were promised that one master project after another would solve their woes .
None did .
But in Grand Rapids , business leaders painstakingly set goals , aligned with government officials , generated support , and empowered key players .
" Every community has a culture , and you have to pick out what works in your own town , " says Birgit Klohs , the energetic head of Right Place , a local economic development group .
" You have to figure out who the leaders are , get them onto a team , create the vision , and get everybody headed in the same direction . "
During the dismal recession of the early 1990s , things were not going well in a town some still call " Bland Rapids . "
Sure , the city had the Gerald R. Ford Museum , honoring its most famous citizen .
But its signature furniture - making industry had long since given way to more anonymous auto parts and steel office furniture , businesses that were both hit hard by the economy .
And while Grand Rapids was suffering from statewide and national economic trends , the pain was local : high unemployment , a lifeless downtown , and little to build upon for the future , given its dependence on cyclical industries with scant growth potential .
But Grand Rapids had an unusual set of assets .
" The wealth in this city in proportion to its size is extraordinary , " says John Canepa , who retired as chairman and CEO of Old Kent Bank .
Much of that wealth is in companies , many closely held , like Amway , the direct seller of health and beauty products ; Meijer 's , a supermarket chain ; and Steelcase ( SCS ) , the office furniture giant .
The founders of those companies or their descendants still reside in the Grand Rapids area , and match their deep roots with deep pockets of philanthropic dollars .
Says David Van Andel , son of Amway co-founder Jay Van Andel : " If you want to be a player in this community , it is give first and get later . "
Back in 1991 , the community needed lots of giving .
So Dick DeVos , son of Amway 's other founder , Rich DeVos , convened a group of more than 50 community and civic leaders to begin the process of revitalizing downtown .
The group , which at first called itself Grand Vision , began making plans for an entertainment and sports arena and the expansion of local convention facilities .
Rather than tackle the project on its own , the group conducted a feasibility and economic - impact analysis and studied the project for two years .
Then DeVos got together with Canepa and David Frey , another local banker , to make the plan a reality .
" We decided , " says Frey , " that we were not going to let the economic vagaries of the state define our city . "
They built community support and went to work .
The group , renamed Grand Action , was able to do so courtesy of $ 21 million from a group of private donors led by Jay Van Andel , who was awarded the privilege of having the arena named after him .
( As you 'll see , the city is awash in buildings named for its wealthy patrons . )
The arena had reasonable goals and was an immediate success .
The arena was the start of a 20 - year effort that has n't stopped .
In cooperation with city officials , business leaders revamped downtown .
One strand of the plan was designed to woo and satisfy visitors .
A gift from Amway 's Rich DeVos led a $ 33 million fundraising effort toward construction of a $ 212 million convention center that bears his name .
To comfortably house all those conventioneers , DeVos and Van Andel sponsored the building of a new J.W. Marriott Hotel downtown .
And to entertain them , other givers added even more .
After watching a play from the balcony of the aging Civic Theatre , supermarket magnate Fred Meijer decided to help finance a $ 10 million renovation -- which was then rechristened the Meijer Majestic Theater .
Steelcase heir Peter Wege gave $ 20 million to help fund the creation of an art museum ( which for some reason does not bear his name ) .
And the 132 - acre Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park ... well , you can figure out who helped fund that beauty .
But the plan was more far - reaching than simply a play for tourists .
Grand Action knew it had to lead the city into growing businesses , and plunged into two areas that have grown quite nicely in the past couple of decades : education and health care .
With the help of local businessmen -- Rich DeVos , Ford adviser William Seidman , banker Dick Gillett , and Steelcase executive Bob Pew -- Grand Valley State University built a satellite campus on the Grand 's west bank , with Steelcase donating much of the land .
And Frederik Meijer donated more land for yet another campus to the west of Grand Rapids , in a suburb called Holland , a name that reflects the region 's deep Dutch roots .
In health care , the catalyst was once again a private donor -- this one with a very personal reason for the investment .
In 1996 , Jay Van Andel decided to fund a new institute for biomedical research , with an emphasis on cancer and Parkinson 's -- the disease that contributed to his death in 2004 at the age of 80 .
Outsiders urged him to erect it on a greenfield site outside the city or , more sensibly yet , to connect it to the University of Michigan medical school across the state in Ann Arbor .
Van Andel decided his institute belonged in Grand Rapids .
" They told us we were nuts , " recalls his son David , who heads the institute .
" We had no affiliation with any medical school , no history of medical research .
But our family had a big stake in the community . "
The result of all this hard work ?
Exactly what Grand Action had hoped for : a more stable economy , one that can better withstand the ups and downs of economic trends .
Now , manufacturing ranks as the region 's second leading employer , replaced at No. 1 by those sectors poised for the demographics of the early 21st century : education and health services .
Despite its intensive redevelopment , Grand Rapids has not solved all its problems .
Unemployment is still high .
Michigan 's manufacturing decline , which has emptied thousands of square feet of factory space in the city , has disproportionately hit minorities .
But 20 years of reinvention have seeped into the city 's blood .
Grand Rapids is now trying to redefine itself as the greenest city in the U.S.
It claims more LEED - certified buildings per capita , a measurement of environmentally friendly design , than any city in the U.S .
It 's this kind of planning , a continual reinvention with clear goals , that has been lacking in Detroit .
For years city leaders failed to deliver a long - term vision of an economic future that could alleviate the impact of a declining auto industry .
Now , with a businessman mayor , Dave Bing , who imagines a reinvention driven by private and public capital , the city is trying to embark on such a plan .
In Grand Rapids they 're rooting for their bigger neighbor to the east .
" We cannot afford to see Detroit fail , " says Mayor George Heartwell .
But if Grand Rapids ' recovery took two decades , how long will it take Detroit ?
The study , published in the British Journal of Nutrition​ , does not prove that low vitamin B6 levels are the cause of Parkinson ’s disease , but indicates that additional study should focus on whether increased levels of vitamin B6 may reduce the risk of developing the disease .
On the other hand , blood levels of vitamin B12 , folate , and riboflavin were not linked to the incidence of Parkinson ’s disease .
Parkinson 's disease , named after Dr James Parkinson , the London doctor who initially identified it as a particular condition , occurs when nerve cells are lost in a part of the brain called the substantia nigra .
According to the American Parkinson 's Disease Association , over two million Americans currently suffer from the disease .
InfoPark , an EU funded information service , has estimated that by the year 2050 around four million people in Europe will have the disease .
This is not the first study to link vitamin B6 intake and the risk of the disease .
In 2006 researchers from the Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam reported that people who had daily vitamin B6 intakes of 230.9 micrograms or more had an associated risk of developing Parkinson 's disease 54 per cent lower than people who had average daily intakes lower than 185.1 micrograms .
The study involved 5,289 people over the age of 55 ( Neurology ​ , Vol. 67 , pp. 315-318 ) .
The link between B vitamin intake and Parkinson ’s disease is related to homocysteine , an amino acid reported to potentially toxic to brain cells .
The reserachers conducted a hospital - based case - control study involving 249 people with Parkinson ’s disease and 368 people without any neurodegenerative condition .
Intakes of the B vitamins was assessed using a validated , self - administered , semi-quantitative , diet questionnaire .
After crunching the numbers no link between folate , vitamin B12 and riboflavin was observed .
However , low intakes of B6 were linked to an increased risk of the disease , independent of other factors , concluded the researchers .
Despite apparently agreeing with the Rotterdam study , an earlier study from the US reported no link between B vitamin intake and Parkinson 's disease .
There is a need to confirm these links in both additional observational studies and clinical trials .
Source : British Journal of Nutrition ​
Published online ahead of print , doi : 10.1017/S0007114510001005
“ Dietary intake of folate , vitamin B6 , vitamin B12 and riboflavin and risk of Parkinson 's disease : a case–control study in Japan ” ​
Authors : K. Murakami , Y. Miyake , S. Sasaki , K. Tanaka , W. Fukushima , et al .
A new study by a former U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) economist estimates the total economic impact of foodborne illness across the nation to be a combined $ 152 billion annually .
The Produce Safety Project , an initiative of The Pew Charitable Trusts at Georgetown University , published the report , Health - Related Costs from Foodborne Illness in the United States .
In addition , an interactive online map that graphically represents this cost information for every state in the nation is now available .
The report ranks states according to their total costs related to foodborne illness and cost per case for an individual , which is $ 1,850 on average nationwide .
The ten states with the highest costs per case are : Hawaii , Florida , Connecticut , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , the District of Columbia , Mississippi , New York , Massachusetts and New Jersey .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) estimates that approximately 76 million new cases of food - related illness -- resulting in 5,000 deaths and 325,000 hospitalizations -- occur in the United States each year .
Continuing outbreaks every year show that this is not a problem that is going away .
" The costs associated with foodborne illness are substantial , " says report author Robert L. Scharff , a former FDA economist who is now an assistant professor in the Department of Consumer Sciences at The Ohio State University .
" This study puts the problem of foodborne illness in its proper perspective and should help facilitate reasonable action designed to mitigate this problem . "
The release of the report comes as the U.S. Senate may soon vote on comprehensive food - safety legislation .
The U.S. House of Representatives passed its food - safety bill ( H.R. 2749 ) last July , and just before Thanksgiving , the U.S. Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor & Pensions unanimously approved the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act ( S. 510 ) .
advertisement
" This report makes it clear that the gaps in our food - safety system are causing significant health and economic impacts , " says Erik Olson , director of food and consumer product safety with the Pew Health Group .
" Especially in challenging economic times we cannot afford to waste billions of dollars fighting preventable diseases after it is too late .
The Senate needs to act on this now and pass legislation that will improve protections for public health . "
" The data and analysis released today should show our lawmakers that they need to send strong food - safety legislation to the president 's desk as soon as possible , " says Marilu Wilson of Bedford , New Hampshire , whose son suffered from a Salmonella infection .
" The new legislation may not help my family with the unfortunate events that we have experienced , but it could save lives and spare others from suffering what Ryan has endured . "
Despite the substantial magnitude of this problem , the aggregate economic cost of health losses associated with foodborne illnesses has not been examined comprehensively in this way before .
There are a number of ways to estimate the economic impact of foodborne illness .
This report uses an FDA cost - estimate approach : health - related costs are the sum of medical costs ( physician services , pharmaceuticals , and hospital costs ) and losses to quality of life ( lost life expectancy , pain and suffering , and functional disability ) .
The report also estimates the cost of illnesses associated specifically with produce , which is linked to the largest number of outbreaks involving FDA - regulated foods .
For example , E. coli O157:H7 cases in produce accounted for 39 percent of outbreaks and 54 percent of illnesses .
Using CDC data , the report estimates that foodborne illness costs related to produce alone are almost $ 39 billion per year in the U.S .
While the Make Our Food Safe coalition does not necessarily endorse any single method to develop such estimates , coalition members agree that this study highlights the magnitude of the problem and the need for action to reduce foodborne disease .
Furthermore , the coalition agrees that steps to reduce or eliminate contaminated food are sometimes pressing public - health measures that must be taken even when , due to data gaps , a comprehensive monetized economic analysis is not possible .
Major public health , consumer and food safety groups have formed the Make Our Food Safe coalition , which includes the American Public Health Association , Center for Foodborne Illness Research & Prevention , Center for Science in the Public Interest , the Consumer Federation of America , Consumers Union , Food & Water Watch , National Consumers League , The Pew Charitable Trusts , Safe Tables Our Priority , and Trust for America 's Health .
To obtain a copy of the report , visit www.MakeOurFoodSafe.org.
The interactive online map is available at www.MakeOurFoodSafe.org/cost_map.
The green biscuit is a hockey training puck that is designed to replicate the feeling of stickhandling with a real hockey puck on ice .
While many ( too many ! ) products promise the feel of stickhandling
with a real puck , only a few can deliver .
How did it stack up ?
Read on to find out .
If you just want to know how much it costs , and buy one you can buy it here Enter our Hockeyshot coupon code for $ 10 off orders over $ 100 HOWHCKY001
First look at the Green Biscuit
When I first got the green biscuit I thought what most people probably think , oh great another gimmicky hockey training product .
You have to admit , it looks a bit funny
Green Biscuit Design
The biscuit is designed to travel flat on irregular surfaces like concrete and asphalt .
The idea behind the design is to reduce friction , and vibration that will cause pucks to flip over and normally occurs with other pucks .
The green biscuit is made out of two pieces of plastic with a hollow spot in the middle .
The pieces of plastic are held apart by three metal bolts and cushioned with rubber spacers in the middle .
According to the Green Biscuit Website this unique design is specifically engineered to stop the it from flipping over .
Sounds like a great plan , but for some reason I do n’t think that this puck could hold up to my ever improving slapshot , but I ca n’t wait to try stickhandling and passing .
While there are many pucks that use simple , and often flawed designs in an attempt to achieve an ice like feel , it appears that the green biscuit may actually achieve this .
It definitely wins the award for most creative engineering and design .
Only one question remains though … .
Does the Green Biscuit work ?
The short answer is YES !
I was pretty amazed at how well this puck actually worked .
After using so many shawdy products , I really expected this one to end up as dog toy , I was pleasantly surprised .
Below I will share my experience with the biscuit
Stickhandling with the GreenBiscuit
I tested the Green Biscuit on a nice flat piece of pavement .
The biscuit moves nicely back and forth and is definitely better than using a regular hockey puck ( see video ) I also tried some other hockey training pucks but the Green Biscuit was definitely my favourite .
It slides nicely , and is great for toe drags !
( as seen in our hockey shooting pad video )
Does it flip up ?
When doing slow smooth motions it is almost impossible to flip the it over .
I find the biscuit does come up slightly from time to time , but only during quick , powerful moves .
I feel this is a good way to train yourself to have nice soft hands , and it only tilts up a bit , so it does n’t really interrupt stickhandling too much .
If you want to practice a lot of quick moves you could always pick up a hockey shooting pad .
The shooting pad works well with the green biscuit by reducing friction even more , and it will also protect the bottom of your stick .
We did a full hockey shooting pad review if you are interested
Passing
I really liked passing with the green biscuit .
Ken and I tried all kinds of variations ; quick short passes , long hard passes , rapid back and forth passes , backhand passes , and even saucer passes .
The green biscuit worked great for every type of pass , and really felt like passing on ice does .
If you suck at passing I definitely recommend getting a green biscuit , having a friend to pass back to you helps as well !!
One thing that I did notice was when taking a hard pass , if I cupped the pass and then pulled it in towards my body in a sweeping motion the puck would come up on edge against the edge of the blade of my stick .
Not a huge annoyance as it only happened a few times , and I easily corrected the puck and continued passing .
Shooting with the green biscuit
A lot of people ask “ can you shoot with the Green Biscuit ? ”
Here is my experience
* Winds up , takes a slapshot , hits post , green biscuit explodes *
The green biscuit is not made for shooting !
That ’s what regular pucks are for 😀
Green Biscuit Video
Reading about how a product works is good , but seeing it in action is even better , so we thought this video would help show you how the Green Biscuit training puck works .
Green biscuit vs regular puck
Size
As you can see in the picture the Green Biscuit is the exact same size of a normal hockey puck
Weight
The Green Biscuit weighed in at 4.4 ounces .
A normal hockey puck is usually between 5.5 and 6 ounces .
The Green Biscuit is made a bit lighter than a normal puck to replicate the feel of using a real puck off ice .
Feel
According to the Green Biscuit website the Green Biscuit was made lighter than a normal hockey puck because the added friction from rough surfaces makes it feel heavier , or just like using the heavier puck on the ice .
Slide
Do n’t even think about trying to use a regular puck off the ice or on pavement , the rubber grabs onto everything and the puck will flip all over the place
Of course nothing can match a puck on ice , but the Green Biscuit does slide nicely , it travels in a straight line , moves better if you put spin on it , and has a similar bounce as a puck .
Green biscuit compared to stickhandling balls
Size
As you can see in the pictures the stickhandling ball is quite a bit smaller than the Green Biscuit , however it is also taller .
The balls are made to have the same contact point as a puck , so that is why it is quite a bit taller , you can see that the middle of the stickhandling ball matches the top of the green biscuit .
Weight
The stickhandling ball I use weighed in at 4.1 oz , with the green biscuit being 4.4 , not a big difference at all .
Slide
Being round , the stickhandling balls roll very easily , the motion of rolling is obviously different than sliding but provides great lateral movement along the ground .
The major downfall of stickhandling balls is the passing ability .
If you try to pass stickhandling balls for long distances they have the tendency to bounce and change direction .
Feel
Stickhandling balls are great for quick movements and repetition because you never have to worry about them flipping over , however real pucks do flip over sometimes so I think it is a good idea to use a product that most closely reflects the properties of a puck .
If I want to practice some serious dangles I prefer the green biscuit .
The major downfall of stickhandling balls is their shape .
They are designed to feel like a puck , but no matter how you look at it , they are still balls .
When I first started learning how to toe drag I practiced with stickhandling balls , but found when I tried the same motion on ice , the puck would get away from me a lot .
When I started using the Green biscuit on a hockey shooting pad ( even on pavement was good ) I noticed it felt A LOT more like a puck on ice .
Price compared to other training pucks
The green biscuit retails for around $ 10 US , which is right on par with other training pucks .
Green Biscuit Recap
Highlight of the night
I like how easily the green biscuit slides on rough surfaces and also how much it feels like a real puck .
I also like how it does n’t flip all over the place like other off ice pucks .
Passing is great with the GB as well .
If I send a nice hard pass to my friend , I know it is going to get there , which makes practicing with the green biscuit a lot of fun .
In the sin bin
The only downfalls I could find with the biscuit is that it is fairly loud ( plastic on pavement , who would have guessed ) and also it is not made for shooting .
The plastic is some - what brittle so if you shoot the puck against something hard it WILL break .
Also if you use the Green Biscuit on asphalt a lot it will wear down due to the rough surface .
Overall thoughts
I definitely recommend the green biscuit to anyone who wants to practice stickhandling and especially for people who want to work on passing .
I had a lot of fun using the green biscuit , and it has found a permanent home in my gym bag , right next to my roller blades !
Where to Buy a Green Biscuit
If you want to pick up one of these you can buy it here Use our Hockey Shot coupon code to save $ 10 on orders over $ 100 HOWHCKY001
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
Because the Obama administration was more interested in propping up bad banks , they did n't push for mortgage cramdowns that might have helped homeowners in situations like this .
And because the banks are still playing shell games with devalued assets , we 've only pushed the day of reckoning into the not - so - distant future :
After losing her condo in San Diego to foreclosure last year , Charissa Kolich thought that at least she was free of mortgage bills .
But Wells Fargo & Co. , which holds a home - equity loan made five years ago to Ms. Kolich , last month filed a lawsuit against her in the Superior Court of California , San Diego County , seeking to collect the nearly $ 72,000 it said she still owed on that second mortgage .
" This was all kind of a shock , " says Ms. Kolich , a food - service administrator recently diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer .
Banks are coming under increasing political pressure to write off or at least write down second - lien and other junior mortgages as a way to help borrowers keep their homes or extract themselves from heavy debt .
As the Wells Fargo suit shows , however , banks often are reluctant to give up on loans when they see a chance of recovering all or part of their money .
This issue will be the focus of a hearing Tuesday by the House Financial Services Committee in Washington .
Panel members are due to quiz executives from Wells Fargo , Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. about their junior - lien mortgage policies .
Why do junior - lien mortgages matter ?
The $ 1 trillion of junior - lien mortgages outstanding in the U.S. at the end of 2009 added up to only about 10 % of total home - mortgage debt , according to Federal Reserve data .
But many banks have large holdings of these junior liens .
Among borrowers whose first mortgages were packaged into so - called private - label securities ( those not backed by any government entity ) , about half also have junior - lien loans , according to mortgage - bond trader Amherst Securities .
Top 10 Crazy Facts About The BP Gulf Oil Disaster Posted by Pile ( 14049 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Environment ]
[ Industry ]
It 's been more than seven weeks since BP 's offshore oil rig , Deepwater Horizon , exploded in the Gulf of Mexico .
Since then , crude oil has been hemorrhaging into ocean waters and wreaking unknown havoc on our ecosystem -- unknown because there is no accurate estimate of how many barrels of oil are contaminating the Gulf .
Though BP officially admits to only a few thousand barrels spilled each day , expert estimates peg the damage at 60,000 barrels or over 2.5 million gallons daily .
( Perhaps we'd know more if BP had n't barred independent engineers from inspecting the breach . )
Measures to quell the gusher have proved lackluster at best , and unlike the country 's last big oil spill -- Exxon - Valdez in 1989 -- the oil is coming from the ground , not a tanker , so we have no idea how much more oil could continue to pollute the Gulf 's waters .
The Deepwater Horizon disaster reminds us what can happen -- and will continue to happen -- when corporate malfeasance and neglect meet governmental regulatory failure .
The corporate media is tracking the disaster with front - page articles and nightly news headlines every day ( if it bleeds , or spills , it leads ! ) , but the under - reported aspects to this nightmarish tale paint the most chilling picture of the actors and actions behind the catastrophe .
In no particular order , here are 10 things about the BP spill you may not know and may not want to know -- but you should .
1 . Oil rig owner has made $ 270 million off the oil leak
Transocean Ltd. , the owner of the Deepwater Horizon rig leased by BP , has been flying under the radar in the mainstream blame game .
The world 's largest offshore drilling contractor , the company is conveniently headquartered in corporate - friendly Switzerland , and it's no stranger to oil disasters .
In 1979 , an oil well it was drilling in the very same Gulf of Mexico ignited , sending the drill platform into the sea and causing one of the largest oil spills by the time it was capped ... nine months later .
This experience undoubtedly influenced Transocean 's decision to insure the Deepwater Horizon rig for about twice what it was worth .
In a conference call to analysts earlier this month , Transocean reported making a $ 270 million profit from insurance payouts after the disaster .
It 's not hard to bet on failure when you know it 's somewhat assured .
2. BP has a terrible safety record
BP has a long record of oil - related disasters in the United States .
In 2005 , BP's Texas City refineryexploded , killing 15 workers and injuring another 170 .
The next year , one of its Alaska pipelines leaked 200,000 gallons of crude oil .
According to Public Citizen , BP has paid $ 550 million in fines .
BP seems to particularly enjoy violating the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts , and has paid the two largest fines in the Occupational Safety and Health Administration 's history .
( Is it any surprise that BP played a central , though greatly under - reported , role in the failure to contain the Exxon - Valdez spill years earlier ? )
With Deepwater Horizon , BP did n't break its dismal trend .
In addition to choosing a cheaper -- and less safe -- casing to outfit the well that eventually burst , the company chose not to equip Deepwater Horizon with an acoustic trigger , a last - resort option that could have shut down the well even if it was damaged badly , and which is required in most developed countries that allow offshore drilling .
In fact , BP employs these devices in its rigs located near England , but because the United States recommends rather than requires them , BP had no incentive to buy one -- even though they only cost $ 500,000 .
SeizeBP.org estimates that BP makes $ 500,000 in under eight minutes .
3 . Oil spills are just a cost of doing business for BP
According to the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies , approximately $ 1.6 billion in annual economic activity and services are at risk as a result of the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
Compare this number -- which does n't include the immeasurable environmental damages -- to the current cap on BP 's liability for economic damages like lost wages and tourist dollars , which is $ 75 million .
And compare that further to the first - quarter profits BP posted just one week after the explosion : $ 6 billion .
BP 's chief executive , Tony Hayward , has solemnly promised that the company will cover more than the required $ 75 million .
On May 10 , BP announced it had already spent $ 350 million .
How fantastically generous of a company valued at $ 152.6 billion , and which makes $ 93 million each day .
The reality of the matter is that BP will not be deterred by the liability cap and pity payments doled out to a handful of victims of this disaster because they pale in comparison to its ghastly profits .
Indeed , oil spills are just a cost of doing business for BP .
This is especially evident in a recent Citigroup analyst report prepared for BP investors : " Reaction to the Gulf of Mexico oil leak is a buying opportunity . "
4 . The Interior Department was at best , neglectful , and at worst , complicit
It 's no surprise BP is always looking out for its bottom line -- but it's at least slightly more surprising that the Interior Department , the executive department charged with regulating the oil industry , has done such a shoddy job of preventing this from happening .
Ten years ago , there were already warnings that the backup systems on oil rigs that failed on Deepwater Horizon would be a problem .
The Interior Department issued a " safety alert " but then left it up to oil companies to decide what kind of backup system to use .
And in 2007 , a government regulator from the same department downplayed the chances and impact of a spill like the one that occurred last month : " [ B ] lowouts are rare events and of short duration , potential impact to marine water quality are not expected to be significant . "
The Interior Department 's Louisiana branch may have been particularly confused because it appears it was closely fraternizing with the oil industry .
The Minerals Management Service , the agency within the department that oversees offshore drilling , routinely accepted gifts from oil companies and even considered itself a part of the oil industry , rather than part of a governmental regulatory agency .
Flying on oil executives ' private planes was not rare for MMS inspectors in Louisiana , a federal report released Tuesday says .
" Skeet - shooting contests , hunting and fishing trips , golf tournaments , crawfish boils , and Christmas parties " were also common .
Is it any wonder that Deepwater Horizon was given a regulatory exclusion by MMS ?
It gets worse .
Since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded , the Interior Department has approved 27 new permits for offshore drilling sites .
Here 's the kicker :
Two of these permits are for BP .
But it gets better still : 26 of the 27 new drilling sites have been granted regulatory exemptions , including those issued to BP .
5. Clean - up prospects are dismal
The media makes a lot of noise about all the different methods BP is using to clean up the oil spill .
Massive steel containment domes were popular a few weeks ago .
Now everyone is touting the " top kill " method , which involves injecting heavy drilling fluids into the damaged well .
But here 's the reality .
Even if BP eventually finds a method that works , experts say the best cleanup scenario is to recover 20 percent of the spilled oil .
And let 's be realistic : only 8 percent of the crude oil deposited in the ocean and coastlines off Alaska was recovered in the Exxon - Valdez cleanup .
Millions of gallons of oil will remain in the ocean , ravaging the underwater ecosystem , and 100 miles of Louisiana coastline will never be the same .
6. BP has no real cleanup plan
Perhaps because it knows the possibility of remedying the situation is practically impossible , BP has made publicly available its laughable " Oil Spill Response Plan " which is , in fact , no plan at all .
Most emblematic of this farcical plan , BP mentions protecting Arctic wildlife like sea lions , otters and walruses ( perhaps executives simply lifted the language from Exxon 's plan for its oil spill off the coast of Alaska ? ) .
The plan does not include any disease - preventing measures , oceanic or meteorological data , and is comprised mostly of phone numbers and blank forms .
Most importantly , it includes no directions for how to deal with a deep - water explosion such as the one that took place last month .
The whole thing totals 600 pages -- a waste of paper that only adds insult to the environmental injury BP is inflicting upon the world with Deepwater Horizon .
7. Both Transocean and BP are trying to take away survivors ' right to sue
With each hour , the economic damage caused by Deepwater Horizon continues to grow .
And BP knows this .
So while it outwardly is putting on a nice face , even pledging $ 500 million to assess the impacts of the spill , it has all the while been trying to ensure that it wo n't be held liable for those same impacts .
Just after the Deepwater explosion , surviving employees were held in solitary confinement , while Transocean flacks made them waive their rights to sue .
BP then did the same with fishermen it contracted to help clean up the spill though the company now says that was nothing more than a legal mix - up .
If there 's anything to learn from this disaster , it 's that companies like BP do n't make mistakes at the expense of others .
They are exceedingly deliberate .
8. BP bets on risk to employees to save money -- and does n't care if they get sick
When BP unleashed its " Beyond Petroleum " re-branding / greenwashing campaign , the snazzy ads featured smiley oil rig workers .
But the truth of the matter is that BP consistently and knowingly puts its employees at risk .
An internal BP document shows that just before the prior fatal disaster -- the 2005 Texas City explosion that killed 15 workers and injured 170 -- when BP had to choose between cost - savings and greater safety , it went with its bottom line .
A BP Risk Management memo showed that although steel trailers would be safer in the case of an explosion , the company went with less expensive options that offered protection but were not " blast resistant . "
In the Texas City blast , all of the fatalities and most of the injuries occurred in or around these trailers .
Although BP has responded to this memo by saying the company culture has changed since Texas City , 11 people died on the Deepwater Horizon when it blew up .
Perhaps a similar memo went out regarding safety and cost - cutting measures ?
Reports this week stated that fishermen hired by BP for oil cleanup were n't provided protective equipment and have now fallen ill .
Hopefully they did n't sign waivers .
9 . Environmental damage could even include a climatological catastrophe
It 's hard to know where to start discussing the environmental damage caused byDeepwater Horizon .
Each day will give us a clearer picture of the short - term ecological destruction , but environmental experts believe the damage to the Gulf of Mexico will be long - term .
In the short - term , environmentalists are up in arms about the dispersants being used to clean up the oil slick in the Gulf .
Apparently , the types BP is using are n't all that effective in dispersing oil , and are pretty high in toxicity to marine fauna such as fish and shrimp .
The fear is that what BP may be using to clean up the mess could , in the long - term , make it worse .
On the longer - term side of things , there are signs that this largest oil drilling catastrophe could also become the worst natural gas and climate disaster .
The explosion has released tremendous amounts of methane from deep in the ocean , and research shows that methane , when mixed with air , is the most powerful ( read : terrible ) greenhouse gas -- 26 times worse than carbon - dioxide .
Our warming planet just got a lot hotter .
10 .
No one knows what to do and it will happen again
The very worst part about the Deepwater Horizon calamity is that nobody knows what to do .
We do n't know how bad it really is because we can't measure what 's going on .
We do n't know how to stop it -- and once we do , we wo n't know how to clean it up .
BP is at the helm of the recovery process , but given its corporate track record , its efforts will only go so far -- it has a board of directors and shareholders to answer to , after all .
The U.S. government , the only other entity that could take over is currently content to let BP hack away at the problem .
Why ?
Because it probably has no idea what to do either .
Here 's the reality of the matter -- for as long as offshore drilling is legal , oil spills will happen .
Coastlines will be decimated , oceans destroyed , economies ruined , lives lost .
Oil companies have little to no incentive to prevent such disasters from happening , and they use their money to buy government regulators ' integrity .
Deepwater Horizon is not an anomaly -- it 's the norm .
details
Will wealth sustain life after we have destroyed the eco-system
Posted by E. Zakes on 2010-08 - 17 10:43:24
Does global warming , changing climatic and wheather patterns , frequent earth quakes , volcano eruptions , Elnino phenomena , ozone layer continue to go on because of mankind 's greed for short - time wealth gains and creation at the expense of a sustainable environment which we are rapidly destroying toward eternity ?
Can we say we are clever if we generate / create wealth for a few at the expense of destroying the world or environment at such a fast pace that while the would be plenty of wealth or money available or left , but the would be no life or humans left in the world to enjoy it because of our greed and carelessness with the environment ?
Who will convince us to start doing the right thing if we can not convince ourselves because of our selfishness ?
Are we not clever or civilised enough to tell the wrong from right ?
Lets make a difference by doing what is right before it is too late , and remember if we each try , synergy will prevail ( i.e.1+ 1> 2 ) .
I know you and me can do something better to make the world a better and safe place to live in both for our generations and future ones too because we are not selfish .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Ever since Steven Spielberg ’s 2002 sci- fi movie Minority Report , in which a black - clad Tom Cruise stands in front of a transparent screen manipulating a host of video images simply by waving his hands , the idea of gesture - based computer interfaces has captured the imagination of technophiles .
Academic and industry labs have developed a host of prototype gesture interfaces , ranging from room - sized systems with multiple cameras to detectors built into laptops ’ screens .
But MIT researchers have developed a system that could make gestural interfaces much more practical .
Aside from a standard webcam , like those found in many new computers , the system uses only a single piece of hardware : a multicolored Lycra glove that could be manufactured for about a dollar .
Other prototypes of low - cost gestural interfaces have used reflective or colored tape attached to the fingertips , but “ that ’s 2 - D information , ” says Robert Wang , a graduate student in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory who developed the new system together with Jovan Popović , an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science .
“ You ’re only getting the fingertips ; you do n’t even know which fingertip [ the tape ] is corresponding to . ”
Wang and Popović ’s system , by contrast , can translate gestures made with a gloved hand into the corresponding gestures of a 3 - D model of the hand on screen , with almost no lag time .
“ This actually gets the 3 - D configuration of your hand and your fingers , ” Wang says .
“ We get how your fingers are flexing .
” The most obvious application of the technology , Wang says , would be in video games : Gamers navigating a virtual world could pick up and wield objects simply by using hand gestures .
But Wang also imagines that engineers and designers could use the system to more easily and intuitively manipulate 3 - D models of commercial products or large civic structures .
Robert
Wang demonstrates the speed and precision with which the system can gauge hand position in three dimensions — including the flexing of individual fingers — as well as a possible application in mechanical engineering .
Robert Y. Wang / Jovan PopovićThe glove went through a series of designs , with dots and patches of different shapes and colors , but the current version is covered with 20 irregularly shaped patches that use 10 different colors .
The number of colors had to be restricted so that the system could reliably distinguish the colors from each other , and from those of background objects , under a range of different lighting conditions .
The arrangement and shapes of the patches was chosen so that the front and back of the hand would be distinct but also so that collisions of similar - colored patches would be rare .
For instance , Wang explains , the colors on the tips of the fingers could be repeated on the back of the hand , but not on the front , since the fingers would frequently be flexing and closing in front of the palm .
Technically , the other key to the system is a new algorithm for rapidly looking up visual data in a database , which Wang says was inspired by the recent work of Antonio Torralba , the Esther and Harold E. Edgerton Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in MIT ’s Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a member of CSAIL .
Once a webcam has captured an image of the glove , Wang ’s software crops out the background , so that the glove alone is superimposed upon a white background .
Then the software drastically reduces the resolution of the cropped image , to only 40 pixels by 40 pixels .
Finally , it searches through a database containing myriad 40 - by - 40 digital models of a hand , clad in the distinctive glove , in a range of different positions .
Once it ’s found a match , it simply looks up the corresponding hand position .
Since the system does n’t have to calculate the relative positions of the fingers , palm , and back of the hand on the fly , it ’s able to provide an answer in a fraction of a second .
Of course , a database of 40 - by - 40 color images takes up a large amount of memory — several hundred megabytes , Wang says .
But today , a run -of - the - mill desktop computer has four gigabytes — or 4,000 megabytes — of high - speed RAM memory .
And that number is only going to increase , Wang says .
“ People have tried to do hand tracking in the past , ” says Paul Kry , an assistant professor at the McGill University School of Computer Science .
“ It ’s a horribly complex problem .
I ca n’t say that there ’s any work in purely vision - based hand tracking that stands out as being successful , although many people have tried .
It ’s sort of changing the game a bit to say , ‘ Hey , okay , I ’ll just add a little bit of information ’ ” — the color of the patches — “ ‘ and I can go a lot farther than these purely vision - based techniques . ’ ”
Kry particularly likes the ease with which Wang and Popović ’s system can be calibrated to new users .
Since the glove is made from stretchy Lycra , it can change size significantly from one user to the next ; but in order to gauge the glove ’s distance from the camera , the system has to have a good sense of its size .
To calibrate the system , the user simply places an 8.5 - by - 11 - inch piece of paper on a flat surface in front of the webcam , presses his or her hand against it , and in about three seconds , the system is calibrated .
Wang initially presented the glove - tracking system at last year ’s Siggraph , the premier conference on computer graphics .
But at the time , he says , the system took nearly a half - hour to calibrate , and it did n’t work nearly as well in environments with a lot of light .
Now that the glove tracking is working well , however , he ’s expanding on the idea , with the design of similarly patterned shirts that can be used to capture information about whole - body motion .
Such systems are already commonly used to evaluate athletes ’ form or to convert actors ’ live performances into digital animations , but a system based on Wang and Popović ’s technique could prove dramatically cheaper and easier to use .
Rethinking virginity , as a few of our favorite ladies did recently , means unpacking the twin sister of the virgin : the slut .
One of the panelists , Chloe Angyal , has a few thoughts on that front .
Advertisement
She writes on Feministing that slut has an ever - slippery meaning :
Sady , who was the first to offer a definition , was careful to note that being labeled a slut can happen to anyone , even to people who have never had any sexual contact of any kind .
Slut - shaming is often the result of perceived , rather than proven , sluttiness .
As Therese then noted , sluttiness itself is entirely relative :
In some cultures or among some social groups , she said , having slept with ten people over the course of your life is considered a pretty tame sexual history .
In others , it makes you a dirty , untouchable slut .
I added that , with definitions of what 's acceptable and what 's slutty being so malleable and poorly defined in our own culture , you often do n't know where the line between the two is until you 've crossed it .
And then - poof !
- it 's too late :
Other people have decided that you 're a slut , and you 're stuck with this damaging , divisive and damn stubborn label .
Advertisement
Of course , we also have the lovely inverse of slut — the prude or the frigid virgin .
As Therese has discovered as she 's traveled around the country talking to people about virginity , the same culture that scorns women for being sexual also scorns them for not being sexual !
Just as you can be slut - shamed , you can be prude - shamed or virgin - shamed !
Shame for everyone !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There 's more than enough to go around .
Slut Panel Postmortem [ Feministing ]
Earlier : Rethinking Virginity And Examining Our Assumptions About Sex
The Britain of today is watched constantly by CCTV cameras , is preparing for a national ID card , slaps a " crown copyright " on most government data , and can now censor websites and eventually boot people off the Internet .
According to the new Liberal Democrat / Tory coalition government , that 's all about to change .
The coalition today released its unified policy statement ( PDF ) , and for techies and privacy advocates , there 's lots to like .
We will scrap the ID card scheme , the National Identity register and the ContactPoint database , and halt the next generation of biometric passports .
We will outlaw the fingerprinting of children at school without parental permission .
We will adopt the protections of the Scottish model for the DNA database .
We will review libel laws to protect freedom of speech .
We will further regulate CCTV .
We will end the storage of internet and e-mail records without good reason .
We will create a level playing field for open - source software and will enable large ICT projects to be split into smaller components .
We will create a new " right to data " so that government - held datasets can be requested and used by the public , and then published on a regular basis .
We will introduce measures to ensure the rapid roll - out of superfast broadband across the country .
We will ensure that BT and other infrastructure providers allow the use of their assets to deliver such broadband , and we will seek to introduce superfast broadband in remote areas at the same time as in more populated areas .
If necessary , we will consider using the part of the TV license fee that is supporting the digital switchover to fund broadband in areas that the market alone will not reach .
That last bit about broadband is a change from current Labour policies , which proposed a ( hugely unpopular ) 50 p per month tax on broadband connections to help fund universal broadband infrastructure .
The new proposal draws that money from the already - existing TV license fee .
In addition , the Lib Dems have separately pledged to roll back the worst excesses of the recent Digital Economy bill that brought Web censorship and possible Internet disconnection to the UK .
At a party conference over the weekend , they asked ministers to " take all possible steps to ensure the repeal of those sections of the Digital Economy Act 2010 which are inconsistent with the policy motion ' Freedom , creativity and the internet ' . "
That document condemned , as its first point , " website - blocking and disconnecting Internet connections as a response to copyright infringement , " and it trashed the Digital Economy bill " for focusing on illegal file - sharing rather than on nurturing creativity . "
The document supported " the principle of net neutrality , through which all content , sites and platforms are treated equally by user access networks participating in the Internet . "
Most of these policies sound like good ones , though talk is easy enough ; execution may prove more difficult .
Still , it 's a reminder that conservatives and liberals can find common ground on issues surrounding privacy , open - source software in government , the need for universal broadband , and the importance of open government data .
American StarCraft fans looking for a chance to take on their Asian counterparts will have to wait a bit , as StarCraft II is not going to be supporting cross -server play on day one .
While considered for initial conclusion , and is still being considered for a future content patch , Blizzard decided that they want to keep all servers regional for the initial launch of the game .
This means that people in the US can only play against other North Americans , the Euros have to play with other Europeans , and the Asian servers will be playing amongst themselves .
The main reason given for this decision was gameplay / server stability -- because the new matchmaking system is a big part of the new Battle .
net , Blizzard does n't want players to be thrown into laggy matches with people halfway around the world .
Once the game has been up and running for a while , and Blizzard has had a chance to evaluate Battle .
net and server performance , we may see the feature in game .
Until then , I hope you 're on good terms with the rest of your countrymen .
All of the above , except instead of an NPC or Villain , a major NPC ( King , noble , villain , etc. ) featured in the setting and campaign , with artwork and in - game stats named after you .
Plus a limited edition specially crafted adventure in PDF form for you based on your ideas and created by me .
Less
( The Frisky ) -- Kate Gosselin has had some tough blows this year and Hugh Hefner has dealt her another one .
When asked if there was any possibility that Momzilla would grace the glossy covers of Playboy , Hef said , " No ! No ! "
And the original playboy added insult to injury by suggesting he does n't even know why she 's on " Dancing with the Stars . "
He explained , " I do n't think she 's a celebrity . "
She is the second Gosselin rejected from the porno business .
It must hurt to hear that no one wants to check out your goody basket .
The Frisky : 10 famous female cheaters
Do n't worry , Kate , you 're not the only celebrity to fall short of Hef 's stringent standards .
You 're not even the only celebrity on " DWTS " to be rejected !
Here are some others who were told to " keep it on . "
Audrina Patridge
Remember when Audrina Patridge " accidentally " leaked some topless photos and was " so embarrassed ? "
It turned out that she hired a photographer to do the photo shoot when she was 19 years old , to submit to Playboy , but they did n't want to publish the pics .
I can't really imagine a better fit for the magazine .
Maybe they just did n't dig the schoolgirl - in - her - parents - pool set - up ?
The Frisky - 10 reality stars with shady pasts
Kelly Osbourne
Way back in 2006 , Kelly Osbourne expressed interest in taking it off for Playboy but said some of her body parts " would need some airbrushing . "
In response , Hugh Hefner said , " I ca n't see it happening somehow ; we do n't airbrush to that extent . "
Jeez ,
Hef , grow some tact !
I wonder if Hef is bummed now that Kelly is thinner , tan , and more Playboy 's speed ?
Bridget Marquardt
Bridget Marquardt might have been one of the " Girls Next Door , " but apparently , she could n't get in the door at Playboy .
After a couple of failed test shoots , she was rejected from being a Playmate , but the Hef welcomed her into his brothel of babes .
It seems like a much better deal to get the riches and fame without getting naked .
So much for being the dumb one !
The Frisky : Hairstyles that must die on 12 famous men
Britney Spears
Britney Spears was n't exactly rejected , but she was put on the cooler until she stopped acting so nutty .
Playboy reps said , " Hef has said that he is more than happy to feature Britney in the magazine once she can put herself back on the road to recovery . "
Really ?
You 're asking her to get her act together and then pose naked ?
Is n't it supposed to be the other way around ?
The Frisky : 12 bizarro celebrity look - alikes
The " royal " housewife
When " Real Housewives of New York City " reality star and former model Kelly Bensimon announced she was doing Playboy , Countess LuAnn de Lesseps was all , " No one asked me ! "
But she has since changed her tune .
She says , " I think my 15 - year - old would have a heart attack if I were to do Playboy .
It 's not something I really want to do . "
It 's generally a good idea to feign disinterest in things that totally are n't going to happen .
I 've already emailed John Mayer to tell him I wo n't date him .
He 's probably really sad . "
Russian lesbian pop stars TATU
Remember that awesome Russian lesbian singing duo , TATU ?
They did that song " All the Things She Said " and that cover of " How Soon is Now " ?
Well , they were really excited to pose for Playboy when they both turned 18 , but German and American editions of the magazine said they were n't interested !
They did get a blurb in the music section of Playboy , but had to keep their clothes on , which , judging from their music videos , was really hard for them .
The Frisky : 10 celebrities who were bullied
" The Partridge Family " mom
Shirley Jones , who played the mom on " The Partridge Family , " might be 75 years old , but that did n't stop her from posing for some sexy test shots , featuring legs and cleave .
But Hefner rejected the pictures , apparently because he " expected more nudity " from the actress .
I think at 75 , if the biggest insult Hugh Hefner can give you is that he wants to see more of you naked , you 've totally won .
TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
SpritesMods .com Dumb to managed switch conversion - Intro
Intro
When I got my new house , one of the things I did besides painting and redecorating was rip the old cat2 telephone cable out of the walls and replace it by modern cat5e cabling .
I 've done a spot of network engineering in the past , so I had a fairly good idea what I would like to have as a network :
GBit everywhere , separate vlans for the adsl modem , wired clients and the wireless accesspoint ...
But at that moment I was too busy to actually implement it : the rickety old 100MBit switch plus a few extra cables had to do for now .
After I was done moving , I 'd immediately upgrade it to what I wanted .
You probably know how these things go ...
It 's been more than a year since I moved now , and I finally decided it was time to upgrade everything .
I bought myself a managed 8 - port GBit switch to be the proverbial spider in the web .
I bought myself another el- cheapo 5 - port GBit - switch for my workstation : a TP - link unmanaged GBit switch with the typenumber TL - SG1005D , which set me back 17 Euros .
Buying an unmanaged one instead of a managed switch saved me EUR60 , and I would n't need the managing capabilities anyway ... or so I thought .
Turns out I was wrong .
My access - point , which was to reside on a different vlan , had to be connected to the switch too ... but an unmanaged switch can't really handle vlans .
Basically , I had to send the unmanaged switch back and spend a lot of money on a managed switch ... or did I ?
On a hunch , I decided to crack open the switch and look at the internals .
Hmm , seemed there was a RTL8366SB GBit switch IC inthere .
I managed to download the datasheet of the RTL8366 , and whaddayaknow , it actually contains all the logic a managed switch has too !
Vlan , port mirroring , you name it and chances are the little critter can do it .
It did n't have an user - interface though ; you have to send the config to it over I2C , as cryptic hexadecimal register settings ... but that 's nothing an AVR can't fix .
1 Next »
We knew Obama was prevaricating when he told us his purpose to cram through Obamacare was to provide universal access to coverage and reduce costs , but how many people did he manage to fool ?
How many are still fooled ?
He repeatedly complained that America spent more on healthcare than other nations " but was n't any healthier . "
He grossly distorted the numbers of chronically uninsured .
He lied about his support for a single - payer plan and in denying that the " public option " was a Trojan horse for such a plan .
He misled us concerning his intention to federally fund abortions and the coverage of illegals .
He deceitfully insisted that he would n't interfere with the patient - doctor relationship , that patients could choose to keep their own plans , that his plan would n't lead to rationing and that it would increase the quality of care .
Perhaps his most cynical fraud was his line that he would not sign a bill that would add one single dime to the federal deficit .
Along with the uninsured canard , this was his biggest selling point for Obamacare : Healthcare costs were skyrocketing , and he had the magic bullet to remedy that .
Well , we already have objective proof ( courtesy of a delinquent Congressional Budget Office pronouncement ) that this , too , was a lie .
Obama and congressional Democrats moved budgetary mountains ( in the way David Copperfield moves mountains onstage ) to create the CBO - supported illusion that his bill would n't increase federal budget deficits .
By asking the CBO to make absurd assumptions and by borrowing from other mythical funds ( Medicare ) , Obamacrats were finally able to make the numbers balance , just long enough to give Obama cover to sign the bill .
But less than two months after he signed the bill into law , the CBO , in response to Rep. Jerry Lewis ' request for a rescoring based on realistic assumptions instead of the bogus ones Democrats submitted , has already admitted its estimate did n't take into account " discretionary " expenditures that will add some $ 115 billion worth of costs .
With the publication of this news , the administration is now making noise , threatening not to fund the bill unless Congress finds sufficient savings elsewhere to nullify that " unexpected " cost increase .
Give me a break .
Just how stupid can these people think we are ?
They knew about these false assumptions before Obama signed the bill , and they 're not about to withdraw their wholesale endorsement for Obama 's crowning legislative " achievement . "
But as bad as Obama 's lies were about the costs of his plan , many of us warned that a greater evil in Obamacare was its guaranteed path to reducing our freedoms .
Ronald Reagan was not just issuing platitudes when he said , " One of the traditional methods of imposing statism or socialism on a people has been by way of medicine .
It 's very easy to disguise a medical program as a humanitarian project . . .
From here , it 's a short step to all the rest of socialism . "
No truer words were ever spoken , and you can be sure that Obama believes it , too , which is exactly why he misrepresented almost every aspect of his plan in order to get it passed — and even then , just barely .
His real purpose , as many of us have been telling you ad nauseam , is to greatly increase the size and scope of government and government control and , in the process , further radically redistribute wealth .
He 's a socialist .
These are n't just words .
He really is .
As it turns out , we do n't have to wait any longer to prove we were correct about this , too .
Obama has nominated Donald Berwick to run the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
I discovered in research on my upcoming book that experts believe that under Obamacare , the role of the CMS will be greatly expanded to define the quality of healthcare for every insurance plan , set reimbursement rates for physicians in Medicare and Medicaid , and decide how valuable certain treatments are .
According to Robert M. Goldberg of the Center for Medicine in the Public Interest , Berwick essentially " will get control of the practice of medicine . "
It would be scary enough for a bureaucrat of normal sensibilities and saner politics to have such control , but RedState has uncovered the extent of Berwick 's radicalism — like so many of Obama 's other appointees .
Berwick is an Ivy League academic who loves wealth redistribution and believes that healthcare is an ideal vehicle to achieve it .
Berwick said : " Any healthcare funding plan that is just , equitable , civilized , and humane must . . . redistribute wealth from the richer among us to the poorer and the less fortunate .
Excellent healthcare is by definition redistributional . "
Berwick also lusts after the British system of socialized medicine , saying that America 's healthcare system runs in the " darkness of private enterprise . "
How much more proof do people need about Obama ?
David Limbaugh is a writer , author , and attorney .
His book " Bankrupt : The Intellectual and Moral Bankruptcy of Today 's Democratic Party " was released recently in paperback .
To find out more about David Limbaugh , please visit his website at www.DavidLimbaugh.com.
© Creators Syndicate Inc .
Worse may be to come .
One industry insider , who asked not to be named , said : " Major spills are likely to increase in the coming years as the industry strives to extract oil from increasingly remote and difficult terrains .
Future supplies will be offshore , deeper and harder to work .
When things go wrong , it will be harder to respond . "
Judith Kimerling , a professor of law and policy at the City University of New York and author of Amazon Crude , a book about oil development in Ecuador , said : " Spills , leaks and deliberate discharges are happening in oilfields all over the world and very few people seem to care . "
On May 10th , 2010 ExxonMobile had an oil spill in Nigeria Delta .
It is somewhere around the 16th worst oil spill in [ wikipedia reported ] world history , at 95,000 tonnes ( 696,350 barrels or 214,475,800 gallons ) .
Nigeria 's agony dwarfs the Gulf oil spill .
The US and Europe ignore it .
Oil spills are a regular occurrence in Nigeria , about 300 a year , it is estimated over the past 50 years about 1.5 million tons have been dumped in the Delta , equivalent to the Gulf War oil spill ( the largest spill on record ) or 50 +
Exxon Valdez .
From the BBC link :
Fifty - one saves in a playoff overtime victory .
And a shutout .
Just another night for ex-Panther Craig Anderson , who is today earning comparisons to Patrick Roy 's near - miraculous performance in game four of the ' 96 Finals against ... well , that 's not important .
A feat of this magnitude is certain to drag out the tired and worn debate over whether Florida should have retained Anderson and dealt current starter Tomas Vokoun last summer .
Hindsight makes the choice appear an easy one , but it was more than a simple decision in favor of one over the other .
His contract expiring , " Andy " had made abundantly clear his desire to become a club 's number one goaltender at the conclusion of the 2008 - 09 season , a successful campaign in which he went 15 - 7 - 5 with a 2.71 GAA and .924 SV % with three shutouts over 31 appearances ( career - high 27 starts ) while backing up Vokoun .
" Tvo " , with two years remaining in a four - year deal , finished the season 26 - 23 - 6 , sporting a 2.49 GAA , .926 SV % , and six shutouts in 59 appearances ( 55 starts ) .
Anderson was due a hefty raise from the $ 550,000 he had previously earned , while Vokoun - a proven veteran starter with consistently good numbers on mediocre teams - was locked in at a $ 5.7 M cap hit .
Did the Panthers feel Andy could n't carry the load over a full season ?
Management knew going in that 2009 - 10 was set to be a rough ride , scoring - wise , which may have tipped the scale to Vokoun 's " advantage " .
Armed with the knowledge that realistically the Cats were quite probably geared to spin their wheels for another year , hanging on to the longtime NHLer was the proper route to travel .
Going further , Jacques Martin 's departure obviously played some limited role in the outcome ; perhaps Randy Sexton did n't want to shake things up too radically , too quickly .
Whatever .
Personally , I do n't believe Anderson could have positively altered the ragged course of this year 's Cats ; just do n't see that would have been any more successful than Tvo .
The Avalanche have been a Cinderella story where every piece clicked in unison .
Nothing clicked in Sunrise .
All things being equal , Vokoun had some stinkers but generally played to - and above - his abilities , regardless of his 23 - 28 - 11 record ; seven shutouts are ample evidence of exceptional play , especially considering the revolving - door defense in front of him .
You need to upgrade your Flash Player .
You need version 9 or above to view this video .
You may download it here .
You may also see this message if you have JavaScript turned off .
If this is the case , please enable JavaScript and reload the page .
Volcanic ash has halted all UK flights and many in Europe
By Tom de Castella
A volcanic eruption in Iceland is continuing to ground flights in the UK and Europe , but 227 years ago a far more devastating eruption occurred wiping out a fifth of the island 's population - as well as tens of thousands across Europe .
On 8 June , 1783 , the young country of Iceland - inhabited for less than 1,000 years - had a population of 50,000 .
In the coming years , as a result of what began that Sunday morning at 9 am , 10,000 of those people would die .
The Laki eruption is the worst catastrophe in the country 's relatively short history .
Laki is a volcanic system in the same south - eastern part of Iceland where this week 's eruption took place .
But that 's where the similarities end .
Geology is compulsory in Icelandic schools Back in 1783 it was ripped open with such force that a huge fissure produced scores of boiling craters .
Over the next eight months the Lakagigar - literally " craters of Laki " - spewed lava that spread to cover 600 square kilometres in the surrounding countryside and belched more toxic gases than any eruption in the last 150 years .
The effects were felt all over the northern hemisphere .
It is the second greatest eruption of the last 1,000 years , behind only the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora in Indonesia , says Stephen Self , visiting professor of volcanology at the Open University .
Laki's output of sulphur dioxide dwarfs the 1990 eruption of Pinatubo in the Philippines , which is famous for halting global warming for several years .
While that eruption produced 17 mega tonnes of sulphur dioxide , Laki was pumping the same amount out every three days at its peak , says Self .
He estimates Laki 's power was over 100 times greater than the current eruption .
" The 1783 eruption pumped out so much sulphur gas , creating a huge cloud of sulphuric acid droplets which began to drift over Europe travelling eastwards over the whole world , " he says .
' Apocalypse '
The noxious fog travelled down through Norway , Germany , France and across to Britain , causing panic when farm labourers began dropping like flies .
People at this time had no idea where the fog had come from or that sulphur dioxide was mixing with water vapour in the lungs to choke victims .
Research into parish records has led to estimates of more than 20,000 deaths in Britain alone during the summer of 1783 .
The extreme heat - not connected to the volcano - would have made the fog all the more unpleasant , says Philip Eden , former BBC weatherman .
" July 1783 is the equal warmest month in 300 years of records for the UK .
Because of the ash the sun shone from a white sky - it must have felt like the apocalypse . "
The Icelanders stopped dancing and unlike the Norwegians and Faroe Islanders we lost the old dances
Professor Gunnar Karlsson
UK flights grounded for second day
It was only in the autumn that the fog finally lifted .
But soon an even worse problem was on the way - the most severe winter for 250 years , caused by the build - up of heat absorbing sulphur dioxide in the stratosphere .
But nowhere suffered more than Iceland .
It was not the eruption itself that proved deadly but the environmental consequences , says Gunnar Gudmundsson , a geophysicist at the Icelandic Meteorological Office .
" People died not because of the eruption , but because of starvation , " he says .
" The farm animals died , the crops died - it affected the whole country . "
Toxic gases poisoned the plants and vegetation , which in turn killed the livestock .
Eight of every ten sheep are thought to have died , while half of all the cattle and horses perished .
The extreme winters that followed - caused by the sulphuric gases - ensured that a fifth of the country 's population died , historians estimate .
' Sins of man '
It is a period of tragedy etched onto the Icelandic psyche , says Magnus Gudmundsson , professor of geophysics at the University of Iceland .
It has become the yardstick by which all painful periods in the country 's history are measured , he adds .
" We have a word for it - Moduhardindin - meaning " the hardship of the fog " .
When politicians compare it to the recent economic crisis it causes outrage - of course there 's no comparison .
Today 20 to 25 % of the population are deeply in debt . "
But in 1783 the same proportion of the population succumbed to a more terminal fate , he points out .
Today children learn about the Laki in school and because of the frequent volcanic eruptions , geology and the study of lava is a compulsory part of the education curriculum .
Icelandic volcanoes have long drawn tourists from across the globe , eager to catch a glimpse of a pillar of smoke or a spectacular lava flow
A guide to Iceland 's volcanoes Gunnar Karlsson , one of Iceland 's leading historians , argues that without the country 's fish stocks the suffering would have been even more terrible .
" At the time of the eruption two thirds of people were farmers while the other third were fishermen , " he says .
" The animals died from lack of hay and the people died the following year . "
In coastal areas where cod was plentiful the suffering was less , but the way the country was governed prevented any proper strategy .
At the time Iceland was a part of the Danish Kingdom and governed from Copenhagen , 1300 miles away .
" The Danes tried to help , " says Professor Karlsson .
" There was a collection of money but communication was so sparse that it helped little .
It takes weeks to sail between Copenhagen and Iceland and there was no other contact at this time . "
Reykjavik was just a village and local officials were spread around the country .
But there was no co-ordination when it came to dealing with the famine and sharing out the fish , he says .
" The officials in Iceland were extremely late to react .
It 's been estimated that more food was being exported than imported at this time .
The main export was fish , but no effort was made to distribute this food . "
' Turning point '
The Laki struck at a time when supernatural beliefs were beginning to give way to ideas of human progress brought by the Enlightenment .
" The eruption was a great shock because people were beginning to believe in progress and improving their lives , " says Prof Karlsson .
" It must have been a great blow to realise they did not control their lives and see how powerless they were if the natural conditions were so strong . "
Iceland recovered from the eruption
The clergy stuck to the view that Iceland was being punished for the sins of man , he adds .
Prof Karlsson also believes Laki had other surprising consequences for Icelandic society .
" The Icelanders stopped dancing and unlike the Norwegians and Faroe Islanders we lost the old dances .
My guess is they stopped because people were in such shock after the famine that they did n't want to dance anymore . "
Despite being the country 's darkest hour , the country bounced back and it is argued by some that the event was not the defining moment for Iceland .
The population was back to 50,000 within 20 years and continued to grow over the coming decades , and today stands at 320,000 .
" It was dramatic when it happened but the effect was only felt for 20 years , " says Prof Karlsson .
" For the historian it is the events that have the longest effects that are the most important .
For me the mechanisation of the fishing fleet in the early 20th Century was the nation 's turning point .
It turned Iceland from one of the poorest countries in Europe to one of the richest . "
Nowadays with the economy again in ruins , some Icelanders may take hope from the way the country bounced back from the Laki nearly 250 years ago .
Here is a selection of your comments .
Doug L you are mistaken .
As the article points out , it is events with the longest - lasting effects which are most significant .
Of course a major asteroid strike could eclipse all other catastrophes ; but climate change has indeed been observed , and unless tackled decisively will certainly change history negatively and permanently .
All but the very largest volcanos ( eg Toba 80 K years BP ) have only short - term consequences - albeit sometimes still major , like Laki , and the Tambora eruption which cancelled summer in 1816 .
The big difference is : we are n't responsible for volcanoes and can't stop them ; whereas current climate change is self - inflicted , absolutely down to us .
Brian Cuthbertson , London Andy from Glasgow - there is a volcano spewing out large amounts of particulates into the atmosphere .
How are the scientists going to measure clean air ?
Richard Hawes , Herts
I 'm interested that you quote Eden as saying " The extreme heat - not connected to the volcano - would have made the fog all the more unpleasant " A quick review of Thordarson and Self ( 2003 ) Atmospheric and environmental effects of the 1783 - 1784 Laki eruption :
A review and reassessment I quote from page 18 : " It has been suggested that the unusual July heat wave in western and northern Europe resulted from a short - term greenhouse warming induced by the emissions from Laki and caused by high SO2 concentrations in the lower troposphere ...
The July anomaly is strongest in western Europe and declines gradually with increasing distance from Laki , which can be taken as support for the above hypothesis . "
One wonders what regional effects any continuation of the current eruption may hold in store for us this summer if activity continues ?
Hasis , Lancaster I travelled around south Iceland not long ago , including around the current volcanic site , and the Laki region .
The landscape is quite remarkable .
Or should I say was ... the changes that can be wreaked by such powerful forces are not to be underestimated .
This is illustrated so well by the Laki region .
Matt , Paris , France I must say , the eruption has really thrown Iceland into the spotlight .
I 've learned more about Iceland in the last few days than I had in the last 22 years of my life .
I also had no idea a volcanic eruption could have such widespread effects .
It is truly awe - inspiring , and a little bit frightening .
Ally , Leicester I find it incredibly touching to think that the nation ceased to dance out of collective grief .
They do , however , sing very beautifully .
What does this tell us about these primeval forces of expression ?
It is worthy of serious study .
Is singing more suitable a vehicle for expressing grief ?
In grief one ceases to sing too , but maybe one continues to vocalise in some form , even if it is only a whimper .
Dancing may just require too much energy .
Pause for thought .
Deborah Y , Berlin Is n't it great ?
Clear skies day and night untainted by contrails .
The scientists will be loving this , the first occasion since 9/11 that they have had to measure the effect of air travel on the atmosphere .
Andy , Glasgow
With our focus on the minutiae of climate details that have so far not even really been observed and which some are calling civilisation 's greatest threat , we should instead be applying that kind of effort towards making ourselves ready to address historically relevant threats such as the Iceland volcanoes , or the the eruptions in Indonesia , or for that matter the threat from periodic and game changing impacts from asteroids .
Doug L
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Those cherries would go best on cherry cheesecake .
Do n't put those cherries on this tiny ad :
Building a Better World in your Backyard by Paul Wheaton and Shawn Klassen - Koop
Here are some points about the decision :
What happens now ?
As with many Supreme Court rulings , the matter is not resolved ; instead , it 's been returned to lower courts .
The court did not rule that the NFL has no antitrust protection ; rather , the league can't necessarily claim such protection as regards intellectual property .
( Logos on sports caps are intellectual property . )
Probably under this decision , antitrust protections that concern the game itself will continue to receive sympathy from courts .
And it remains possible that American Needle , having won at the Supreme Court level , will lose again at the lower court level .
What is the core dispute ?
If the NFL is one business with 32 operating divisions , that " single entity " could sign an exclusive deal with Reebok without engaging in restraint of trade .
But if the NFL is 32 separate companies , those 32 separate companies are colluding to fix prices on sports caps .
The Supreme Court found that as regards intellectual property , the NFL is 32 separate businesses .
The ruling does not resolve whether the NFL is a single entity for purposes of television contracts , the common draft and collective bargaining with the NFL Players Association .
In this 1996 case involving television contracts , my brother Frank , a federal appellate judge , found that the NBA is " closer to a single firm than to a group of independent firms , " although the ruling allowed that pro sports leagues might not be single entities under all circumstances .
I do n't pretend to know the fine points of the law ; but on commonsense grounds , Frank 's conclusion sounds right to me .
The Chicago Bulls want to defeat the Milwaukee Bucks , but they do n't want to put the Bucks out of business -- in fact , the Bulls hope the Bucks are profitable .
Yours truly has written that pro sports cannot be interesting to fans unless franchises are financially secure and provide one another with quality competition .
The Dallas Cowboys want to win more games than the Philadelphia Eagles , but it would be a calamity for the Cowboys if the Eagles lost money and stopped playing .
This suggests that in commonsense terms , a sports league is " closer " to a single entity than a group of companies .
On the other hand , the people running the individual teams call themselves " owners " and sometimes try to harm one another 's business interests .
This law review article sums up the view that pro sports leagues are groups of companies , not single entities .
What 's up with antitrust and pro sports ?
Major League Baseball has a broad antitrust exemption via an act of Congress .
The NFL has some limited antitrust protection -- congressional decisions in 1961 and 1966 allowing the league to bargain with television networks collectively , and allowing the old NFL and American Football League to merge .
The NFL had hoped this Supreme Court case would broaden its antitrust exemptions to resemble the one enjoyed by baseball ; the NBA hoped the same , joining the NFL in asking the Supremes to step in .
But Congress has on several occasions specifically rejected granting football , basketball and ice hockey the special deal enjoyed by baseball .
( Whether baseball should have a special deal is a subject for another day . )
The language of the Supreme Court 's decision on Monday shows it has no interest in granting football a sweetheart deal that Congress would not grant .
Did the NFL get bad legal advice ?
When you lose 9 - 0 , your lawyer is n't exactly giving high - fives .
The league 's loss was also the first time in eight years that a big corporate defendant has failed to prevail in a high - court antitrust case .
Antitrust cases traditionally are hard for plaintiffs to win , so the fact that the plaintiff won here means the NFL position was far weaker than the NFL believed .
None of the nine justices -- not even the conservatives -- bought the NFL 's legal argument .
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
The league 's counsel was the super - swank Washington firm of Covington & Burling , led by the tastefully named Gregg Levy , who was among Roger Goodell 's competition for the NFL commissioner job .
Should Covington & Burling have warned the league not to press its luck ?
Maybe , but lawyers do as clients tell them .
That the NFL was insistent on pressing this case is the danger sign about the league 's hubris .
From the standpoint of Covington & Burling , had the firm urged the league not to proceed , it would have deprived itself of millions of dollars in legal fees .
A rich client who wants litigation that ought to be avoided can be a lawyer 's dream .
And now there will be years more of subsidiary litigation -- great news for Covington & Burling !
Is the Supreme Court decision a huge win for the NFLPA ?
That 's what the players ' union is claiming .
But remember , both union and league are still in the public - bluster stage over a new labor agreement ; bargaining is not yet serious .
The Supreme Court ruling has no direct relevance to the league - union talks .
Yet because the NFL's reputation just went down several notches , the players ' hand is strengthened .
The NFL gambled by asking the Supreme Court for a major favor at the same time it was beginning to negotiate the next labor deal , and the NFL lost this gamble big - time .
Regardless , the NFLPA and the NFL still have a common interest in an amicable conclusion to their talks .
How does the Supreme Court case impact the NFL politically ?
The league sashayed into Washington demanding a special favor from the Supreme Court but could n't get even one vote from any of the conservative justices .
The message to Washington is clear :
The NFL is not , as it pretends to be , invincible .
Thus the NFL 's standing in Congress just went way down .
In addition to writing Tuesday Morning Quarterback for Page 2 , Gregg Easterbrook is the author of the new book " Sonic Boom , " and six other books .
He is also a contributing editor for The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly and The Washington Monthly .
His Web site can be found here .
MORE COMMENTARY »
To keep things from spiraling out of control , the United States government ( along with other governments around the world ) unleashed what Mr. Roubini calls an unprecedented “ shock - and - awe campaign against the crisis . ”
The Fed “ embraced its historic role as a lender of last resort , ” he writes , “ throwing lifelines of liquidity to one kind of financial institution after another , ” and eventually became an investor “ of last resort ” as well , “ wading into government debt markets to inject still more liquidity into the system via quantitative easing . ”
In addition the government “ became a shareholder in a host of businesses , buying shares and injecting capital in exchange for an equity stake ” ; instituted “ outright bailouts of individual banks , homeowners , and others ” ; and “ even offered to subsidize the purchase of toxic assets , hoping this might restore faith . ”
All these monetary and fiscal measures fell into place — awkwardly and imperfectly — over the course of the next two years .
“ The response to the financial crisis had all the grace and beauty of a battlefield retreat , ” Mr. Roubini observes , “ but in the end it seemed to work : capitalism did not collapse ; the fate of particularly hard - hit Iceland was not the fate of the world at large . ”
That , of course , was the good news .
The bad news , Mr. Roubini says , is that stability was purchased at an enormous price : “ Thanks to all the bailouts , guarantees , stimulus plans , and other costs of managing the crisis , the public debt of the United States will effectively double as a share of the nation ’s gross domestic product , as deficits in the coming decade are expected to hit $ 9 trillion or more . ”
As Mr. Roubini sees it , America ’s soaring deficits ( exacerbated by the recent bailouts and the tax cuts implemented by the administration of George W. Bush ) and its borrowing of more and more money from abroad are dangerous and unsustainable , and could lead to decline of the dollar and the further erosion of American power on the international stage .
Much as the economist Joseph E. Stiglitz did in his recent book “ Freefall , ” Mr. Roubini argues in these pages that the United States must use the recent crisis as an opportunity to make deep and meaningful reforms to its financial system .
He declares that Too Big to Fail firms like Citigroup and Goldman Sachs should be broken up ; that the crazy quilt of overlapping regulatory agencies ( which creates all sorts of gaps and inefficiencies that can be exploited by banks ) should give way to a more consolidated and centralized system of oversight ; and that a “ beefed - up version ” of the Glass - Steagall Act ( which separated commercial banking and investment banking ) should be adopted .
Wholesale reform , Mr. Roubini concludes , is necessary “ to bring the financial system to heel . ”
Merely tinkering with existing rules , he goes on , is absurd , given the serious illness of the patient .
“ As we ’ve made clear throughout this book , ” he writes , “ the crisis was less a function of subprime mortgages than of a subprime financial system .
Thanks to everything from warped compensation structures to corrupt ratings agencies , the global financial system rotted from the inside out .
The financial crisis merely ripped the sleek and shiny skin off what had become , over the years , a gangrenous mess . ”
“ Laredo ” is the second new song we ’ve gotten from Band Of Horses ’s Infinite Arms .
The first track , “ Compliments , ” did n’t win too many compliments , so maybe you ’ll like “ Laredo ” better .
It sounds just as optimistic as “ Compliments , ” with most of the action in the lyrics .
I thought Ben Bridwell was singing , “ I put a bullet in my Kia Sorento ” in one of this track ’s verses , which would be funny considering this , but I ’m not 100 % sure .
Infinite Arms is out 5/18 via Brown Records / Fat Possum / Columbia .
A top Obama administration official warned Sunday that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill might not be stopped until late summer after BP ’s latest attempt to plug the leak failed .
The “ American people need to know ” that it ’s “ possible we will have oil leaking from this well until August , when the relief wells will be finished , ” said Carol Browner , the White House energy advisor .
Browner said on CBS that Energy Secretary Steven Chu and a team of scientists on Saturday essentially put a halt to BP ’s attempt to cap the spewing well through a process known as “ top kill . ”
The administration team worried that the increasing pressure from heavy drilling mud being forced into the well to seal it actually would make the leak worse .
The worst oil leak in U.S. history is now in its 41st day .
It is sending 504,000 to 798,000 gallons a day into the Gulf of Mexico , according to estimates by a government panel .
Asked whether U.S. officials told BP to stop the top - kill process , Browner said , “ We told them of our very , very grave concerns ” that it was dangerous to continue building up pressure in the well .
She said that company officials listened .
With the failure of the top - kill procedure , BP Managing Director Robert Dudley said Sunday the company was moving to a new procedure that had a better chance of working , although he admitted that even if successful , it would not completely cut off the torrent of oil spilling into the gulf .
BP officials had said top kill — which involved pumping heavy drilling mud to seal the leak — had a 60 % to 70 % chance of working .
“ There is no certainty , but we feel like the percentages are better that we ’ll be able to contain the oil , ” Dudley told Fox News Sunday about the lower - marine - riser package that will attempt to cap the well ’s failed blowout preventer .
“ The question is how much of the oil will we be able to contain , and the objective is to try to collect the majority through this vessel . ”
Dudley said BP officials were “ disappointed ” that the top - kill effort failed and “ immediately ” started on the new effort .
The process was less technically complicated than top kill , he said .
It involves using robots to cut the leaking pipe cleanly and then installing a cap to allow most of the oil to be pumped up to ships on the surface .
A similar effort this month to place a containment dome over the leak failed because gases coming from the well froze at those deep sea depths , preventing the dome from being placed properly .
Dudley said that BP “ learned a lot ” from that attempt and this time would pump warm sea water down the pipe to keep the gases from freezing .
But Browner said cutting the pipe could increase the amount of leaking oil by 20 % and that some oil would continue leaking after the cap was in place .
“ If it ’s a snug fit , then there could be very , very little oil .
If they ’re not able to get as snug a fit , then there could be more , ” Browner said .
“ We ’re going to hope for the best and prepare for the worst . ”
Browner defended the Obama administration ’s response to the spill .
She said it had forced BP to take steps the company resisted , particularly drilling a second relief well in case the first one did not work .
But those wells will not be finished until the end of August .
Dudley said on ABC that those wells will “ certainly ” be “ the end point on this game . ”
But he said company officials were optimistic the latest procedure would work .
“ We failed to wrestle the beast to the ground yesterday , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to go in and put a cap on it . ”
Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of one of the congressional committees investigating the spill , said the relief wells must work , which was why it was important for the administration to force BP to drill a second one as a backup .
But he accused BP of “ boosterism ” for its continued optimism about stopping the leak through other methods .
“ BP has been making it up as they go along the whole way .
They have not been prepared .
They do not know for sure what the result is going to be of anything which they are doing , ” Markey said on “ Face the Nation . ”
“ I have no confidence whatsoever in BP . ”
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
The father of a Marine killed in Iraq whose funeral was picketed by anti-gay protesters told Fox News he will defy a court order and not pay the protesters ' appeal costs .
Albert Snyder , of York , Pa. , told Fox News he does not intend to pay $ 16,510 to Fred Phelps , the leader of Kansas ' Westboro Baptist Church , which held protests at Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder 's funeral in 2006 .
" I do n't think I 'm going to be writing a check until I hear from the Supreme Court , " Snyder told Fox News on Tuesday .
" I 'm not about to pay them anything . "
The Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ordered Snyder on Friday to pay Phelps .
A two - page decision supplied by his attorneys offered no details on how the court came to its decision .
The decision adds " insult to injury , " said Sean Summers , one of Snyder 's attorneys .
Snyder is also struggling to come up with fees associated with filing a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court , his attorneys said .
The high court agreed to consider whether the protesters ' message is protected by the First Amendment or limited by the competing privacy and religious rights of the mourners .
A federal appeals court dismissed the suit on First Amendment grounds earlier this month and threw out a $ 5 million award against the protesters , some of whom carried signs that read " God Hates You " and " Thank God for Dead Soldiers . "
A funeral for the fallen Marine was held in March 2006 in Westminster , Md. Snyder , 20 , died from a non-combat - related vehicle accident on March 3 , 2006 , while supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
According to a Web site created in Snyder 's honor , his relatives filed the civil lawsuit against the Westboro Baptist Church to " bring an end to the reign of terror and abuse that they inflicted " upon grieving families of U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Using innocent children to deliver their twisted message of hatred and fear , the defendants in this suit have sought to attack the memory of our departed heroes , to strip their loved one of dignity , and to use abuse and intimidation as a tool for preventing surviving family members from reaching closure over their loss , " the Web site read .
Click here to visit MatthewSnyder.org .
Cathy Menefee , Snyder 's sister , told the Baltimore Sun in 2006 that her brother had an unwavering sense of responsibility that led to his decision to join the military .
" It sounds so cliche , but he died doing what he wanted to do , " Menefee told the paper .
" He always wanted to be a Marine . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Were secret military spy planes used to find wannabe Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad ?
No way , the White House says .
Benjamin C. Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , tells The Atlantic 's Marc Ambinder that " the actions described simply did not take place . "
Not that the RC - 12 signals intelligence aircraft could n't have been used .
The planes " were tasked to help the F.B.I. intercept cell phone communications of the Beltway sniper suspects in 2002 , " Ambinder notes .
" RC - 12s were also in the air over Salt Lake City during the Olympics . "
The Posse Comitatus Act forbids the U.S. military from operating on American soil .
But the law has all sorts of caveats .
The military can help law enforcement stop drug- runners .
The armed services can be called in if there 's a potential nuclear , chemical , or biological " weapon of mass destruction . ”
And none of the restrictions apply to the Coast Guard or the National Guard .
In 2008 , the Mississippi Air National Guard began training pilots and sensor operators to man an expanded fleet of RC - 12s .
[ Photo : via Defense Industry Daily ]
See Also :
These debates , proclaims David Aaronovitch in the Times , " are a further triumph of the people over the politicians " – a " large new increment of power moved from the rulers to the ruled " .
He means that at last we can see for ourselves what we 're getting .
And how did the Fourth Estate rate in this mighty shift ?
Try often fifth - rate and shifty .
Take the Sun on the morning before the match .
" The Lib Dems are Labour in disguise .
They are just keen on high tax and bossing us around .
The barmy brigade would lower our defences , free criminals and let illegals stay … A vote for Clegg is a vote for Brown .
Simple as that . "
Or take Ben Brogan , the Telegraph 's new political Mr Big , brutally belabouring Nick Clegg as a " dangerously seductive " sort of Jimmy Carter figure , the anti-candidate with a plan .
" He 's got nothing to lose – and he must be stopped . "
But did anyone pay any heed to Ben or Bun on the morning after ?
Absolutely not .
Clegg walloped Messrs Brown and Cameron on three instant polls , including one in the Sun itself .
David Cameron 's supposed triumph was to be judged " the best Prime Minister " on a YouGov effort while actually losing four points on his previous PM rating with the same sample before the debate began .
And if that was true , what were we to make of the Sun 's claim that Brown – our " Prime Sinister " – looked " shifty , arrogant and bullying " , or the Mirror 's belief that " Cameron was left floundering as Gordon Brown repeatedly outsmarted him " ?
Nothing : except that , as usual , the press was merely parroting the number it first thought of .
Nobody can quite tell us what all this debate hoopla means as yet .
The fat lady has got Sky and BBC arias on her agenda still .
Viewing figures from beginning ( at nearly 10 million ) to end will tell their own story .
The concerted hype of TV , print and twittering millions will surely wane , not wax .
But there is already a sense of irrelevance to much of the old - school press propaganda .
It was young Nick wot won it , in the tabloid that said he should n't .
" The nice , bright , young man " pitch worked , as Brogan had to admit .
It was the Lib Dem who enjoys no consistent support from any Fleet Street paper who managed quite well without it , thank you .
For the most part , frankly , you can tell where the press and its pundits will wind up on election advice morning .
The Telegraph , Express , Star , Sun , Mail and ( probably ) Times will advocate " change " to the party of traditional or proprietor choice .
The Guardian and Indy will be kind to the Greens , warm towards Clegg but reluctant to desert Labour .
But the debate opportunity – the chance to see and judge for yourself – mists a few of those certainties , at least round the edges .
And it also puts too much galumphing press spin in an unkindly light .
Did Brown " bomb " on Thursday night , as the Sun claimed ?
Was Cameron really " calm and unruffled " throughout ?
We can watch .
We can make up our own minds .
We do n't need Andy Coulson to call us ( after he 's phoned Wapping ) to pass on a Get - Clegg message .
We do n't really need a three - ring circus of instant pollings either .
Who won ?
You won .
And you 'll keep on winning , if you can be bothered to keep sitting up and taking notice .
On the attack
It 's always easier for journalists to say what they do n't like , rather than what they do .
And that 's the way the punters like it , too .
Attack is the surest way of building circulation .
Defence sees it crumble away .
But now here comes the media analyst Jim Chisholm , putting figures to those simple truths – and showing that Lord Rothermere and Mr Murdoch would find newspaper business a damned sight better if Labour gets back into power .
Trace sales figures and election changes right from the 1960s until now and the Mail has gained at least 1 m in market share with Labour in government , and lost 500,000 during Tory times .
Every year of Tory power since Murdoch bought the Times has cost that paper 6 % of circulation share .
The Daily Mirror 's rate of decline doubles under Labour .
And so on and so forth , right around Fleet Street .
When your side wins , you lose , and vice - versa , in a world where consolation is an each - way bet .
JavaScript
Templating is a neat idea : it allows you to easily convert JSON to HTML without having to parse it .
At Microsoft 's MIX10 conference , they announced that they are starting to contribute to the jQuery team .
One of their efforts is to provide a templating plugin .
In this quick tip , I 'll show you how to use it !
You 'll need the data to template ; you 'll likely retrieve JSON from your server ; of course , Object / Array literals work just as well , so that 's what we use :
The template is written in < script type = " text / html " ></ script > tags ; for each item in your JSON , the template will render the HTML ; then , it will return the entire HTML fragment to you .
We can get to the JavaScript values from within the template by using { % and %} as tags .
We can also execute regular JavaScript within these tags .
Here 's our template :
To render the data with the template , call the plugin ; pass the data to the plugin method ; you can optionally pass in an options object as well .
( These are n't predefined options ; they 're values you want to use within the template , perhaps for branching . )
It 's that easy !
Have fun with it !
You can get the complete code for this quick tip on Github
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Tony Auth discovers the real Tea Party platform :
This feature may not be reproduced or distributed electronically , in print or otherwise without the written permission of uclick and Universal Press Syndicate
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Mens Winners Photo by ASP Red Bull
Last weekend saw the start to the Boulder World Cup 2010 in Switzerland , with some exciting bouldering taking place .
Kilian Fischhuber managed to surpass Adam Ondra after a good semi-final run which lead him to first place after the two were neck and neck .
Bronze was handed to Christian Core followed by Cedric Lachat in forth place .
Fischhuber had some troubles on the second problem in the finals , though flashed both problem 1 and 3 .
Odra managed to get three tops in the first three problems during the finals , the first problem required 3 tries before he managed to top it , while the other two he managed to nail .
At this stage both Fischhuber and Odra were tied in regards to the finals , though Fischhuber had a better semi-final run and was slightly ahead in that regard .
For Odra to stand a chance at winning he would need to flash the final problem and hope Kilian Fischhuber would n't be able to follow suit ....
Odra does it !
Flashing the final problem and leaving everything up to Fischhuber .
Kilian would need to flash the problem if he were to win the title , and that he did .
After the neck and neck battle between the two Kilian managed to pull it out from Odra with a flash on the final problem and a leading score in the semi-final , making him the winner of the mens section .
The United States were also representing in the form of Alex Johnson , who won the womens title after some very close competition with the other competitors .
The competition was just as , if not even more tight in the womens section where Alex managed to just inch past her fellow competitors in claiming first place by a difference of only 1 attempt .
Mens Results
1. Kilian Fischhuber AUT
2. Adam Ondra CZE
3. Christian Core ITA
4. Cédric Lachat SUI
5. Klemen Becan SLO
Womens Results
1. Alex Johnson USA
2. Akiyo Noguchi JPN
3. Chloé Graftiaux BEL
4. Cecile Avezou FRA
5. Katharina Saurwein AUT
Full Results Full List of IFSC Results
The next stage of the IFSC Bouldering World Cup will be held in Vienna on 28-30/05/2010 .
XCOM FPS may become downloadable third - person squad shooter
No worries for XCOM : Enemy Unknown , but the shooter which preceded its announcement and was delayed far beyond its release may be changing its game ...
The above video is a live feed of Turkish television from the flotilla .
If anyone can translate the Turkish , please post any relevant news in the comments .
Follow # flotilla on twitter for the latest updates .
Update ( 12:45 am 5/31/10 ) : Haaretz is reporting : " At least 10 activists killed as Israel Navy opens fire on Gaza aid flotilla . "
Al Jazeera ’s Sherine Tadros just tweeted that Israeli Army Radio is saying " between 10 - 14 people killed on flotilla . "
These reports are all unconfirmed .
We have a number of reports from the Mediterranean in the last few hours that the Israeli government is following through on its self - destructive and brutal determination to stop the freedom flotilla , and doing so at night .
Live feed shows people still on deck .
Isabel Kershner of the Times says Israeli boats have approached in international waters , intending to intercept .
AP says that the Israeli navy is " stalk " - ing the flotilla .
( Great for the rebranding campaign , huh ? )
Emails , rumors , follow :
From Iara Lee : israeli navy is already coming toward us / we are still in intl waters and they are already here / women are instructed to go downstairs / men have gas masks and i am not sure what they are instructed to do … .
From a friend of the flotilla : I was just told by Audrey , a spokesperson , that Israel told the captain that they ’re expanding Israel ’s territorial waters to 68 miles .
The boats are at 70 right now with helicopters flying around .
I think it ’s going to be very difficult to get timely and accurate news at this point .
Hope I ’m wrong .
From Felice : The White House is directing callers to contact the State Department main switchboard and ask for the duty officer responsible for dealing with imminent threats of abduction of American citizens .
Please call the State Department as well .
202-647-4000 .
You can remind them that American citizens are being attacked with American military aid given to Israel and tell them they have ample influence with Israel to keep the flotilla safe .
From Lubna , on board , to Greta :
Urgent we have threat from israel ( check out the HELP button on www.witnessgaza.com)
What is happening ?
Lubna : two israeli ships coming toward us me ….
they contact the ship asked who we are and disappeared , now they getting close to the ship we can see them stay here 3 boats are coming not two 3 israeli boats we are 78 mile from israel
people here put on their life jackets , every body preparing here
we didnt expect them now , we thought they will arrive at the morning .
The logo of American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) on the outside of their corporate headquarters in New York , November 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - American International Group Inc on Saturday praised a Justice Department decision it did not specifically identify , but may relate to published reports that federal prosecutors will not charge company executives over credit default swaps .
“ We welcome the Justice Department ’s decision , and we continue to cooperate with other authorities on their assessment of these events as we focus on strengthening our businesses and repaying American taxpayers , ” the company said .
The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that the U.S. Department of Justice had decided not to prosecute some AIG executives , concluding a two - year investigation .
The media office of the Justice Department was not available for comment .
AIG Financial Products nearly brought down AIG in September 2008 after writing tens of billions of dollars worth of insurance - like contracts on complex securities - backed mortgages that turned out to be toxic .
The U.S. government stepped in with a $ 182 billion bailout to avert a bankruptcy filing by AIG and stave off an even worse global financial crisis .
Over the course of the next year , AIG took write - down ’s of more than $ 40 billion on the swaps and had to put up billions more in collateral to counterparties .
Cloud solution that meets your organization 's Talent Management demands
Perfode 's Employee Performance review software will empower you to administer employee reviews with an automated and easy to use solution .
Using our web - based solution you can align your workforce around key strategic objectives , expect increases in productivity , effectively drive change , develop core competencies , and ultimately see an increase in the bottom line .
Enterprise Edition Offers
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
May 1 , 2010
A second oil rig has overturned on the Gulf coast .
It is not being widely reported .
The Wall Street Journal ’s MarketWatch reports :
The U.S. Coast Guard said Friday it is responding to a second oil - rig accident .
A “ mobile inland drilling unit ” with a 20,000 - gallon diesel fuel capacity overturned in the Charenton navigational channel south of U.S. Highway 90 near Morgan City , La .
No fuel leak or injuries have been reported but 500 feet of containment boom has been deployed around the rig , the Coast Guard said .
The unfolding disaster is an effort to shut down oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
On Friday , radio talk show host and former Reagan cabinet advisor Mark Levin accused the Obama administration of a plot to nationalize the oil industry .
“ I think those SWAT teams are there in coordination with the attorney general ’s office , the Interior Department , Homeland Security , maybe the EPA …. to seize records at these sites and to lay the foundation for more government takeover , ” said Levin .
Obama said on Thursday he was dispatching SWAT teams to inspect oil rigs in the Gulf , a response that struck many observers as odd .
This is a public relations stunt designed to make Americans think the federal government is responding to the disaster .
In fact , the government has no intention of doing anything significant .
Obama ’s response if purely cosmetic and for public consumption .
Levin and many Republicans think Obama is a Marxist and wants a Soviet - like centralized economy .
Obama , however , is not surrounded by textbook Marxists who want a revolution in the name of the proles .
He is surrounded by bankers and monopoly men .
The Obama administration is a creature of the CFR , Trilateral Commission , the Federal Reserve , and Wall Street banks , not the Comintern .
Oil rigs are being attacked in order to shut down oil production , not nationalize it .
The name of the game is artificial scarcity designed to further cripple the economy .
On Friday , Obama promised that no new offshore oil drilling leases will be issued unless rigs have new safeguards to prevent a repeat of the explosion that unleashed the massive spill threatening the Gulf Coast , according to the Associated Press .
The number of structures in the Gulf is roughly 4,000 , with 819 manned platforms .
How long do you think it will take an ossified federal government to install these safeguards ?
As Lindsey Williams has noted , the global elite are manipulating oil in order to create a world - wide economic depression .
“ America will see a financial collapse so great that it will take years to come out of it , ” Williams told Alex Jones on November 21 , 2008 .
“ Publicly available CFR and Club of Rome strategy manuals from 30 years ago say that a global government needs to control the world population through neo-feudalism by creating artificial scarcity , ” Steve Watson , Alex Jones and Paul Watson wrote in 2005 .
“ Now that the social architects have de-industrialized the United States , they are going to blame our economic disintegration on lack of energy supplies . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
“ Is n’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialized civilizations collapse ?
Is n’t it our responsibility to bring that about ? ” asked Maurice Strong , the founder of the UN Environment Program , during his opening speech at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 .
During an interview conducted in 1972 , Strong talked about the concept of zero growth put forward by the Club of Rome in the late 1960s which called for the control of population and economic growth .
The Club of Rome is a neo-Malthusian organization with interlocking membership with the European banking elite such as the Committee of 300 and the Bilderberg Group .
“ Federal authorities have shut down two offshore platforms and evacuated one of them near a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , ” reports the Associated Press today .
“ The Coast Guard said Saturday that the shutdowns were a safety precaution . ”
More offshore platforms will likely be shut down in the days ahead .
Meanwhile , members of Congress are calling for expanded oil exploration plans to be dropped .
“ I ’ve said to the White House , ‘ Do n’t you dare think about your five - year plans [ for offshore oil leases ] …
We ’re just not going to let you , ' ” said Florida Sen .
Bill Nelson on Friday .
“ Nelson said the state ’s multibillion - dollar tourist industry and fisheries should n’t be imperiled for oil ’s sake .
He said the spill may ultimately serve as a lesson that the country needs to develop cleaner energy sources , ” reports The Florida Times - Union .
As if on cue , the Soros foundation MoveOn has called on its members to telephone the White House and demand that Obama reinstate the ban on offshore oil drilling .
“ The MoveOn campaign is just one of a series of pleas from lawmakers and environmental groups for the administration to reverse its policy in the wake of the explosion and spill , ” reports The Washington Post .
The explosion and massive oil spill will be used to make sure artificial oil scarcity continues .
The ultimate goal is not clean energy or so - called energy independence but delivering the once great United States into the maw of the bankers who are determined to consolidate power and convert the world into a sprawling high - tech prison planet .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By By R. C. Camphausen May 19 , 2010 in Business Reykjav - Since Iceland 's three largest banks collapsed in late 2008 , most of the former executives , owners and shareholders have been living outside the country , perhaps feeling safe .
Lately , however , some have been arrested and others are wanted by Interpol .
According to Norwegian - born Eva Jolie is a French citizen and magistrate , and in June 2009 she was elected as a French member of the European Parliament .
Together , Hauksson and Jolie have meanwhile started the process of sending warrants via Interpol and have succeeded in arresting the first individuals for questioning .
Although they estimate that the proceedings may take four years or longer , depending on the final seize of the team allotted to them by the Icelandic government , for the moment they are satisfied with what 's being achieved , though there 's no reason yet to be overjoyed .
Instead of the 30 member staff , they 'd prefer 80 to turn this into an efficient team , and they hope that their first successes will convince the government to lend more of a hand .
Naturally , the accused are not taking it lying down , and are fighting back with attorneys and a media campaign aimed at discrediting the prosecutor .
Thus , one can read in the " It seems to me that this prosecutor wants to show the public that he 's a tough guy and he can lock people up .
This prosecutor is n't interested in discussion .
He wants to behave like John Wayne in a cowboy movie . "
The three banks that failed in 2008 / 2009 are known as Kaupthing , Landsbanki and Glitnir , and apart from the work done by the special prosecutor , administrators of some of these banks are trying to locate individuals and assets involved in the bank 's collapse .
For example , members of the so - called winding - up board of Glitnir 's liquidation have announced last week to have filed a two - billion - dollar lawsuit in a New York court against former , major shareholders and executives for alleged fraud , saying that certain individuals had " conspired to systematically loot Glitnir Bank in order to prop up their own failing companies . "
All in all , the heat is on ... as can be seen from the fact that four former Kaupthing executives , who had defected to Luxembourg , have meanwhile been arrested in the past week , while Interpol has issued an international arrest warrant for that bank 's former chairman , Sigurður Einarsson , who seems to be in the UK for now .
While Iceland has a Special Prosecutor for the banking crisis , and his office - with a staff of 30 people - has become very busy recently in an attempt to track down , sue , arrest and jail anyone responsible for or otherwise complicit in what led to the 2008 melt - down of the countries banking system , not to mention it 's complete economy ; more or less .
According to Ice News , prosecutor Ólafur Thór Hauksson is assisted by Eva Joly , the well - known and experienced investigating judge who specializes in white - collar crime , fraud and corruption cases .
Norwegian - born Eva Jolie is a French citizen and magistrate , and in June 2009 she was elected as a French member of the European Parliament .
Together , Hauksson and Jolie have meanwhile started the process of sending warrants via Interpol and have succeeded in arresting the first individuals for questioning .
Although they estimate that the proceedings may take four years or longer , depending on the final seize of the team allotted to them by the Icelandic government , for the moment they are satisfied with what 's being achieved , though there 's no reason yet to be overjoyed .
Instead of the 30 member staff , they 'd prefer 80 to turn this into an efficient team , and they hope that their first successes will convince the government to lend more of a hand .
Naturally , the accused are not taking it lying down , and are fighting back with attorneys and a media campaign aimed at discrediting the prosecutor .
Thus , one can read in the Reykjavik Grapevine , how attorney Ian Burton ( on behalf of former Kaupthing chairman Sigurður Einarsson ) accuses the prosecutor of behaving irrational , saying :
The three banks that failed in 2008 / 2009 are known as Kaupthing , Landsbanki and Glitnir , and apart from the work done by the special prosecutor , administrators of some of these banks are trying to locate individuals and assets involved in the bank 's collapse .
For example , members of the so - called winding - up board of Glitnir 's liquidation have announced last week to have filed a two - billion - dollar lawsuit in a New York court against former , major shareholders and executives for alleged fraud , saying that certain individuals had " conspired to systematically loot Glitnir Bank in order to prop up their own failing companies .
" All in all , the heat is on ... as can be seen from the fact that four former Kaupthing executives , who had defected to Luxembourg , have meanwhile been arrested in the past week , while Interpol has issued an international arrest warrant for that bank 's former chairman , Sigurður Einarsson , who seems to be in the UK for now .
While The Raw Story has these and more details , there 's not much about all of this in the mainstream media .
More about Greek banks , Bankers , Iceland , Prosecutor , Hauksson More news from banks bankers iceland prosecutor hauksson eva jolie kaupthing glitnir
Because reactions to hallucinogens can vary so much depending on the setting , experimenters and review boards have developed guidelines to set up a comfortable environment with expert monitors in the room to deal with adverse reactions .
They have established standard protocols so that the drugs ’ effects can be gauged more accurately , and they have also directly observed the drugs ’ effects by scanning the brains of people under the influence of hallucinogens .
Scientists are especially intrigued by the similarities between hallucinogenic experiences and the life - changing revelations reported throughout history by religious mystics and those who meditate .
These similarities have been identified in neural imaging studies conducted by Swiss researchers and in experiments led by Roland Griffiths , a professor of behavioral biology at Johns Hopkins .
In one of Dr. Griffiths ’s first studies , involving 36 people with no serious physical or emotional problems , he and colleagues found that psilocybin could induce what the experimental subjects described as a profound spiritual experience with lasting positive effects for most of them .
None had had any previous experience with hallucinogens , and none were even sure what drug was being administered .
To make the experiment double - blind , neither the subjects nor the two experts monitoring them knew whether the subjects were receiving a placebo , psilocybin or another drug like Ritalin , nicotine , caffeine or an amphetamine .
Although veterans of the ’60s psychedelic culture may have a hard time believing it , Dr. Griffiths said that even the monitors sometimes could not tell from the reactions whether the person had taken psilocybin or Ritalin .
The monitors sometimes had to console people through periods of anxiety , Dr. Griffiths said , but these were generally short - lived , and none of the people reported any serious negative effects .
In a survey conducted two months later , the people who received psilocybin reported significantly more improvements in their general feelings and behavior than did the members of the control group .
The findings were repeated in another follow - up survey , taken 14 months after the experiment .
At that point most of the psilocybin subjects once again expressed more satisfaction with their lives and rated the experience as one of the five most meaningful events of their lives .
A Visit with Mahdi Karroubi Iranian Opposition Leader Defiant Despite Government Crackdown
Almost a year after the apparently manipulated Iranian presidential election , the regime has largely succeeded in silencing the opposition .
Leading reformist cleric Mahdi Karroubi remains undaunted , however .
Despite having lost almost everything , he continues in his criticism of the government and has now announced new protests .
Welcome to Tagxedo , word cloud with styles
Tagxedo turns words -- famous speeches , news articles , slogans and themes , even your love letters -- into a visually stunning word cloud , words individually sized appropriately to highlight the frequencies of occurrence within the body of text .
Start Now , or make a Tagxedo out of your blogs , tweets , or tags ...
( 1 ) URL ( 2 ) Twitter ID ( 3 ) Del.icio.us ID ( 4 ) News ( 5 ) Search ( 6 ) RSS ( Lookup ) Shape : Classic Apple Dove Heart Star Orientation : Any H V H/V Font : Avril Lavigne ChunkFive CutOutsFLF
Duality Euphorigenic FairfaxStation License Plate New Yorker Schneller Theme : Amazoness Arizona Sunrise Boys are Icky Cloud Over Castle Constantin Cool Planet Sunrise Dance with Me Just Peachy Lacuna Leah Duncan Lit Love Longleaf Pine 3 May I Join You Miaka My Pet Elephant Quiet Morning Shades of Gray Sun and Shadow Terryapodaca cherry blossom
Create Shop Learn Gallery
The following are a few examples to show the versatility of Tagxedo , especially how tightly the words hug the shapes .
Feel free to click the pictures and play with them in Tagxedo .
If you like these word clouds , you must also check out the Tagxedo Facebook page which has many more candies for your eyes , and read about the 101 Ways to Use Tagxedo .
Now ...
Follow
Making word cloud is fun , and is much more fun with Tagxedo !
With Tagxedo , you can :
make word clouds in real - time
customize font , theme , color , orientation , and shape
fine - tune with lots of options
save as images for printing and sharing
view your word clouds as thumbnails , and pick the one you want for further tweaking or saving
choose from many standard fonts
use custom fonts ( e.g. downloaded from Font Squirrel , DaFont , FontSpace , or your own hand - drawn fonts )
constrain the word cloud to selected shapes ( heart , star , animals , etc )
use images as custom shapes ( e.g. a portrait , an animal silhouette )
Feedbacks are more than welcome !
You can also follow me at Twitter , Facebook , or my two blogs : All Things Tagxedo ( for up - to - date news , tutorials , and fun ideas with Tagxedo ) , and Daily Tagxedo ( current events and whimsical ideas visualized in beautiful Tagxedoes ) .
Lawyers for Harriton High School sophomore Blake Robbins are claiming that the teenager 's school district has used built - in tracking software on students ' laptops to take " thousands " of unauthorized images , " including pictures of Blake partially undressed and of Blake sleeping . "
Lawyers for Harriton High School sophomore Blake Robbins are claiming that the teenager 's school district has used built - in tracking software on students ' laptops to take " thousands " of unauthorized images , " including pictures of Blake partially undressed and of Blake sleeping . "
The motion , filed April 15 by Michael and Holly Robbins , is the latest salvo in a class - action lawsuit filed against the Lower Merion School District of Ardmore , PA earlier this year .
The issue of remote laptop surveillance came to light after school administrators accused Robbins of " improper behavior in his home , " based on a photograph that was taken through the school 's remote - monitoring software , LANrev .
Around 2,300 students across two schools in the district have received $ 1,000 Macintosh laptops for use with said software preinstalled and , as allegedly confirmed by one of Harriton 's assistant principals , it can be remotely activated at any time , for any reason .
According to the lawsuit , " By virtue of the fact that the Webcam can be remotely activated at any time by the School District , the Webcam will capture anything happening in the room in which the laptop computer is located , regardless of whether the student is sitting at the computer and using it . "
Consequently , the suit is accusing the school district of violating various federal and state statutes against surveillance and wiretapping , including the federal Electronics Communications Privacy Act .
From the Associated Press :
Mark Haltzman , who filed the lawsuit on behalf of Robbins and his family , said evidence now shows the district used the tracking software for non-authorized reasons  for instance , when students failed to pay the required insurance or return the laptops at year 's end .
At least once , a name mix - up led the district to activate the wrong student 's laptop , he charged .
" Thousands of webcam pictures and screen shots have been taken of numerous other students in their homes , many of which never reported their laptops lost or missing , " Haltzman wrote in a motion filed Thursday .
According to Haltzman , technology coordinator Carol Cafiero refused to answer his questions at a recent deposition , citing her Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
She and technician Michael Perbix were the only employees authorized to activate the webcams .
Perbix did not fight the deposition .
Haltzman called Cafiero a possible " voyeur " and wants access to her personal computer to see if she downloaded any student images .
To support the charge , he cited her response to an e-mail from a colleague who said viewing the webcam pictures was like watching " a little LMSD soap opera . "
" I know , I love it ! " Cafiero allegedly replied .
Her lawyer , Charles Mandracchia , did not immediately return a message Friday , but has said his client did nothing wrong .
Cafiero makes $ 105,000 and Perbix $ 86,000 .
Both are on paid leave .
B.C. Premier Gordon Campbell says he's not opposed to changing the protocols specifying how the public should be notified about environmental incidents .
Campbell 's comments came in the wake of an oil and gas leak a Burnaby , B.C. , refinery owned by Chevron Canada Ltd .
A mix of gas , oil and diesel continues to seep into Burrard Inlet from the refinery , nearly a month after the leak was first discovered .
" Our emergency preparedness environment officers are there , " Campbell said in Vancouver Friday .
" We 're going to do everything we can to make sure it does n't happen again . "
Campbell said Chevron appeared to be following existing protocols on dealing with spills and other incidents that could affect the environment , but the company has come under fire from residents and community leaders for waiting a month before informing the public about the seepage .
" If we can improve how we do … these processes and protocols in the future , we 're glad to look at that , " Campbell said .
A routine inspection by workers in April revealed a mix of gas , oil and diesel in a trench near the refinery , located east of Vancouver , and an oily sheen on a small section of beach on the shores of the saltwater inlet .
Bill Williams , chief of the Squamish First Nation , first heard about the incident when it was reported by CBC Radio on Thursday morning .
Williams said the band should have been told about the leak sooner because part of the Squamish territory sits to the west of the refinery along the Burrard Inlet .
" When did it happen ?
Do you know how long it 's been going on and what is the volume now leaking into the Burrard Inlet ? " he said .
" Why are n't they forthcoming with such important information ?
Why are n't we included in the dialogue of making sure it does n't happen ? "
Oil damaging sacred sites , Squamish say
Williams said band members want a tour of the affected sites at the Chevron refinery to see for themselves what kind of contamination may have occurred .
" The obvious concern of any oil slick is the killing of wildlife , the damaging of shorelines in our interests , " he said .
" It 's damaging the sacred sites along the shorelines . "
Chevron Canada has been in touch with the Tsleil - Watuth First Nation directly across the water as it tries to contain and clean the leak .
The company has also been trying to answer outstanding questions , all of which are on the minds of nearby residents like David McLellan .
McLellan wants to know how long the substance has been leaking into the inlet and what the potential damage could be .
" It certainly leads to questions in my mind as to why there was a delay [ and ] whether or not the entirety of the situation has been presented to the community , " he said .
The company is now being monitored by the provincial Environment Ministry as it tries to contain the seepage and determine where it 's coming from .
Officials with the ministry say they do n't believe the seepage is large enough to be a public safety risk .
GOP again blocks Wall Street reform debate
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Senate Democrats failed Tuesday - for the second time in two days - to muster the 60 votes needed to start debating Wall Street reform .
The official vote was 57 - 41 in favor of moving forward with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , switching his vote from " yes " to " no , " in a procedural move that allows him , under the Senate rules , to bring the bill up again as early as Wednesday for another vote .
Reid accused Republicans of preferring to work " behind closed doors , instead of on the floor of the Senate in full view of the public , " he said in a statement .
Sen . Ben Nelson , D - Neb. , again joined 39 Republicans to vote against the proposal to officially start debating the Wall Street reform legislation before other lawmakers on a Senate Banking panel negotiate a deal .
Two Republicans did not vote .
" We think this is the best way to get a better bill , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , explaining why his caucus has united to block the bill 's movement for two days .
Democrats and Republicans still disagree about the way to go about preventing future bailouts , cracking down on risky bets and ensuring consumers have stronger protection .
Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , and Sen. Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , have been negotiating differences on the bill but have yet to come up with a final compromise .
Several GOP moderates , including Sen. Scott Brown , R - Mass. , and Sen. Susan Collins , R - Maine , told CNN they do n't consider themselves blocking regulatory reforms - and they do n't feel pressured to vote to start the debate before a deal is negotiated .
" It 's not just simply blocking it for the sake of blocking it , " said Sen. Olympia Snowe , R - Maine .
" Rather than just insisting on votes , why not be working -- like they did on derivatives through the weekend -- on the question of the other aspects of the bill that raise legitimate questions ? "
One Democratic ' No '
Nelson told CNN that he worried about the legislation 's impact on Main Street and that he did n't want to push forward a bill that is n't finalized .
But he also said he is opposed to the bill 's tough provisions cracking down on financial products called derivatives .
He thinks that existing derivative contracts should be grandfathered in under weaker rules now in place that allow trades to be made in the dark .
" It 's a matter of constitutional correctness , " Nelson said Tuesday .
" You can't derogate a contract ... that 's in existence without it becoming a taking . "
The investor Warren Buffett , who runs the firm Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKB ) , has been pushing for such a grandfather clause and his company is in Nebraska .
Buffett is credited with coining the phrase " financial weapons of mass destruction " in describing derivatives , which is often repeated by lawmakers calling for tougher rules .
Hold -ups ?
Shelby said Tuesday that the " biggest obstacle " is how much power and scope a proposed consumer financial product regulator would have in regulating things like credit cards and mortgages .
" We made great progress on the strengthening what came out of the Banking Committee dealing with the too big to fail , " Shelby said .
" They basically liked some of the recommendations that on a staff level we 've worked on to strengthen that . "
He said the two had made great progress resolving differences on the issue of unwinding financial firms and preventing them from getting too big to fail , but he did n't detail how .
Shelby also said that another sticking point remains with regulating bets on complex financial contracts known as derivatives .
Lawmakers want to make them more transparent , pushing them onto clearinghouses and exchanges .
They also want those making bets to post collateral , backing up the bets .
But Democrats also want to force banks to spin off their swaps desk , or the parts that deal in making such risky bets .
Republicans think the Democrats ' crackdown on derivatives goes too far and will harm businesses , such as airlines and farmers , who benefit from making such bets to shed the risk of swings in prices and interest rates .
They say it will push the financial industry to make trades overseas .
Republican alternative
Republicans released a memo Tuesday outlining an alternative approach to a financial overhaul that shared many provisions of the Democrats ' bill .
A big difference is on the consumer regulator .
The draft suggests Republicans prefer a panel consisting mostly of regulators to create new consumer protection rules .
Republicans also want new rules cracking down on the government sponsored enterprises Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae .
During his speech on the Senate floor , Dodd said that he could work with a lot of the things he saw in the Republican memo , except the rules for Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae .
Dodd said new rules are needed , but said that issue is too big and complex , and needs to be tackled on its own .
-- CNN congressional producer Ted Barrett and correspondent Brianna Keillar contributed to this report .
Each week J. Kenji Lopez - Alt will drop by with a list of tools you might want to stock your kitchen with — if you have n't already .
— The Mgmt .
Every cook has to start somewhere , and the cheapest place to start is with your small tools .
These are the hand tools that should be constantly by the side of your stove top , ready to stir , whisk , flip , or pick up any food item at moment 's notice .
As the list is long , we 're dividing it into three parts .
These first 7 are the most essential .
1. A Utensil Holder
Recommendations : the Le Creuset Utensil Holder ( $ 35.95 ) , or a 2 - quart Stainless Steel Bain Marie ( $ 8.98 ) .
First things first : if your tools are in the drawer , you probably wo n't use them .
And if you do n't use them , you probably wo n't cook as often .
And if you do n't cook , what 's the point of living , really ?
A utensil holder with a capacity of at least 2 quarts helps keeps your tools handy right when you need them .
If style is what you 're after , Le Creuset makes handsome ceramic models in a variety of colors ( $ 25.95 ) .
On the other hand , if you 're just after pure functionality , a 2 - quart Stainless Steel Bain Marie ( $ 8.98 ) is all you need .
I have two of them that only leave my stoveside when they 're being washed .
2. Wooden Spoons
Recommendation : the Mario Batali Flat End Beech Wood Spoon ( $ 5.95 ) .
A good wooden spoon is any cook 's best friend .
I 've seen macho line cooks come close to tears when their favorite wooden spoon finally cracked in half after years of loyal , obedient service .
Whether stirring sauces , tasting soups , or making the creamiest possible risotto , with rare exception , the wooden spoon is the the most essential hand tool for any cook .
I have a half dozen of various shapes and sizes that I use almost every time I cook .
But if I had to pick a single spoon to perform every task , I 'd choose one which has both a cupped section for tasting , and a flat head — ideal for scraping up fond or getting into the corners f pots .
The Mario Batali Flat End Beech Wood Spoon ( $ 5.95 ) is cheap , functional , and pretty .
3. Flexible Metal Spatula
Recommendation : the MIU Slotted Turner ( $ 7.95 ) .
I 've already espoused my love of flexible metal spatula ( a.k.a. fish spatulas ) in our guide to grilling gear .
Well they work equally well — better even !— indoors .
Flexible enough to flip tender pieces of delicate fish without breaking them , yet sturdy enough to get every last bit of a smashed burger off the bottom of your pan ( It 's what I used to make the Fake Shack ) .
It 's also ideal for blotting excess grease off of cooked steaks and chops .
Just pick up the meat from the skillet , and pat it on a paper towel without even removing it from the spatula before transferring it directly to the serving plate .
The wide open slots in the spatula allow grease to drain off easily .
I find some of the more expensive brands ( Global in particulate ) to be too stiff .
The MIU Slotted Turner ( $ 7.95 ) is inexpensive , small , and agile .
4. Short Tongs
Recommendation : the OXO Good Grips 9 - inch Stainless Steel Locking Tongs ( $ 11.95 ) .
Restaurant cooks are macho , and restaurant chefs are often diabolically arbitrary .
In many high - end joints , tongs are outlawed .
Apparently , they can bruise , maim , or disfigure meat .
I do n't believe a word of it .
For the rest of us home cooks , a good , sturdy set of tongs are like a heat - proof extension of your own fingers .
Sturdy construction , slip - proof grips ( ever try to grab onto a pari of stainless steel tongs with greasy fingers ? ) , and scalloped edges perfect for grabbing everything from the most tender stalks of spring asparagus to the biggest bone - in pork roast , the OXO Good Grips 9 - inch Stainless Steel Locking Tongs ( $ 11.95 ) sets the bar for quality .
5. A Silicone Spatula
Recommendation : the Rubbermaid High - Heat Spatula / Scraper ( $ 11.48 ) .
Spatula , scraper , whatever you call it , it 's the tool to reach for when you want to get that stubborn bit of flour to fall into the bottom of your stand mixer 's bowl , or when transferring your home - made mayo out of the food processor .
That reduced chicken - stock represents a lot of time and money , right ?
Make sure you get every last drop of it out of the pan !
The heat proof silicone construction of the Rubbermaid High - Heat Spatula / Scraper ( $ 11.48 ) make it ideal for both hot and cold tasks .
It 's also nearly stain - proof , though I would n't let it sit in a pot of tomato sauce for too long ...
6. A Fine Grater / Zester
Recommendations : the 9 - inch Microplane Zester Grater ( $ 14.95 )
When you 're talking fine - toothed graters , pretty much only one brand name comes to mind : the Microplane Zester Grater ( $ 14.95 ) .
I talked about it once in the Food Lab's Guide to Kitchen Gear , but this thing is more than just a useful gadget — it 's an absolute essential .
Though it 's primary function is to remove just the fragrant outermost layers of citrus zest leaving the bitter pitch behind , it 's true power lies in it 's ability to multitask .
It flies through parmesan cheese , creating fluttering wisps that enhance pastas or melt into sauces .
Tough nutmeg does n't stand a chance against its sharp teeth .
And it handily replaces your single - tasking garlic press .
7. A Spider
Recommendations : the 5 - inch Stainless Steel Spider Skimmer ( $ 6.96 )
Throw your slotted spoons away .
I mean it .
A spider - skimmer accomplishes everything a slotted spoon does , does it better , and at a fraction of the cost .
It excels at fishing dumplings , vegetables , or pasta out of pots of boiling water .
Its wire construction and relatively open mesh creates less turbulence in the liquid , making it much easier to fish particles out than with a standard slotted spoon .
As for the task it was designed for — stirring and dunking foods for deep frying — the only thing that even comes close in terms of agility and control is a long pair of chopsticks , and even I have trouble picking up peas from a pot full of boiling water with a pair of chopsticks .
Got all that ?
Stay tuned for Part 2 next week .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Pendulum were the last act to perform on the Main Stage last night at Radio 1 ’s Big Weekend , and judging by the crowd ’s reaction to their hit single Watercolour , they certainly enjoyed themselves !
Watch Pendulum rock out above , complete with their new drummer !
Nearly two years ago Agent White pitched the idea “ Meet Anton Chekov ” to Improv Everywhere .
The plan was to set up a card table in Washington Square Park with a large sign that read “ Meet Anton Chekov ” and have someone sit behind it claiming to be said Russian playwright .
A few months ago , we finally found someone who we thought could pull off the Chekov impersonation .
Agent Wimpy
The timing of this mission is mere coincidence .
It was n’t until after the date had been set and everything organized that we realized Anton Chekov died in 1904 , exactly 100 years ago .
It also was n’t until after the fact that we realized Chekov did his own bit of undercover performances in his day , making him an especially appropriate choice .
Agent Wimpy
While researching my role , I came across the following information from the introduction of The Image of Chekhov , by Robert Payne , pages xi-xii :
( Title refers to the portrait of Chekhov painted by Joseph Braz that hangs in the Moscow Art Theater .
Chekhov hated the picture , which made him look severe and judgmental saying , “ It smells of horseradish . ” )
Payne says , “ The severe , accusing doctor of the Braz portrait vanishes in the actor , the mimic , the clown , who would amuse himself by going to a hotel with a friend , pretending to be a valet , and proclaiming in a loud voice all the secret vices of his master , until the whole hotel was in an uproar .
He adored buffoonery .
He liked putting on disguises .
He would throw a Bokhara robe round his shoulders and wrap a turban round his head and pretend to be some visiting emir from the mysterious lands of the east .
On a train journey he was in his element .
If he was traveling with his mother he would pretend she was a countess and himself a very unimportant servant in her employ , and would watch the behavior of the other passengers toward the bewildered countess with the wide - eyed wonder and delight .
He had the trick of making a walk in the country an adventure in high drama .
Everything excited him . ”
Agent Todd preps Agent Wimpy and hidden camera expert
Agent Winckler moments before the mission
Agent White ’s selection of Anton Chekov was absolutely perfect .
His plays are taught in nearly every high school and college English or Drama Department , making him very well known .
He died long enough ago for his apperance in New York City 2004 to be an obvious joke to most , yet it was likely that many New Yorkers would n’t catch on .
Barnes and Noble , Union Square
I decided to take Agent White ’s “ Meet Anton Chekov ” pitch one step further , and stage a reading by Chekov , pretending to be a part of the Barnes and Noble “ Meet the Writers ” series .
After staking out several downtown Barnes and Noble locations , I chose Union Square as our target .
The “ Meet the Writers ” area on the fourth floor was the perfect setting .
It features a large stage with podium in front of a seating area with around 150 seats .
Customers tend to sit in the area and read quietly when there is no presentation happening ; we would have a captive audience .
Agent Olsen designed the above poster for the event using a photo of Agent Wimpy .
It almost exactly matches the other “ Meet the Writers ” posters in the store .
Agent DeJong helped us print and mount the poster professionally .
Agent Todd introduces Chekov
We had 11 undercover agents who were pre-planted in the seating area mixed in with around 40 actual Barnes and Noble customers .
Agents Winckler and az3456 positioned themselves to covertly film the event , and Agent Dippold prepared to take digital photos .
When everyone was in place , I quickly taped up one copy of our poster to the sign at the enterance of the area and another copy on the podium .
I took the stage and gave a very brief introduction for Chekov .
Led by the planted agents , the entire secton clapped as Chekov took the stage .
Agent Wimpy spoke in a booming , charismatic Russian accent .
Chekov with “ cowboy hat ” given to him by President Bush
In preparation for the mission I selected a very short story , Chekov ’s “ The Threat ” .
I like it because reading time in English is under two minutes and I wanted to finish the first reading before we could be evicted from the store .
I modernized the story by changing a nobleman and his horse to a gentleman and his car .
I wanted some introductory remarks that would segue from my coming to NYC to the story about a theft .
A number of foreign co-workers have told me that their homelands it is common belief that America is populated with cowboys and gangsters .
So I planned an opening monologue as follows ( I will spare you the dialect ) :
“ Hello , my friends .
I am so happy to be here with you in New York City .
I arrived in this country only last Sunday and your dynamic , young president welcomed me to America by inviting me to the White House and presenting me a gift .
In Russia we have a custom of exchanging gifts .
If someone gives you a gift you should have something to give them .
I had no suspicion that the president of the United States would give me a gift and so I had nothing to give him .
When I opened the box and found this cowboy hat [ I was wearing a cowboy hat for the mission ]
I cleverly realized that if I had a new hat I would not need my old fedora , which , as everyone knows is synonymous with Chekov .
My trademark hat .
I removed my fedora , signed it with my autograph and presented it to the president .
He accepted in most graciously .
I was feeling very clever .
He then turned to his aid and said , ` Put this on the shelf next to Putin ’s signed hat ’.
Putin… .
Putin… Putin is an idiot , a nincompoop .
I actually did the same thing that idiot did , and the other nincompoop did it first .
“ On Tuesday Charlie [ I point to Agent Todd ] brought me up to New York .
That night my car was stolen .
Well , the joke was on the thief , it was n’t my car .
It was Charlie ’s car .
Ha !
The thief did not get Chekov ’s car !
The joke was on the thief and on Charlie .
Ha !
“ In Russia unsophisticated idiots and nincompoops think that America is full of cowboys and gangsters .
I know better because I am an educated man .
I have been in United States less than a week and I am given Stetson cowboy hat and encounter gangsters .
Again the nincompoops are ahead of me .
But what separates me from other nincompoops and idiots ?
I write stories .
So last night I wrote a story about a car thief .
You my friends are first to hear this story . ”
I then read “ The Threat ” , reading from text I had translated into a Russian dialect myself :
“ Duh Tret ”
A gendlemen’z audo vuz zdolen .
Duh nexd tay duh volloink announzement appeert een all duh noosbabers : “ Unlez duh audo eez returnt to my pozezion I shall pea vorzt to half recourz to duh exdreme meazurz voormerly embloyt pie my vatter een zeemeelor zirgumzdanzez . ”
Duh tret vuz evective .
Duh teav , nut knowink ezagly vut vuz een sdore , but subbozink ee vood fall ficdom to zum exdraorteenary unt vearvul bunishment , pecame banic - sdricken , und ee zeecretly returnt duh audo .
Duh gendlemen rejoict een duh zuccezzvul eezue of duh avair , and tolt eez vriendz `ow fairy glat `ee vuz debt `ee voot nut half to vollo een `eez vatter ’z futztepz .
“ Vut deed your vatter to ? ” dey azkt `eem .
“ You are azkink me vut my vatter deed , eh ?
Vell , I ’ll tell you .
`ee vuz z - dayink een hotel ven dey zdole `eez audo .
`ee peekt ub `ees bags unt valkt ohm on fut .
I svare I vood half head to do duh zame tink , eef duh teav head nut pen zo opligink . ”
Chekov reading his story
When Chekov took the stage , the majority of the crowd calmly put aside their books and gave him their full attention .
It really seemed as if everyone in the seating area went along with it .
One guy , pictured below , even scrambled to get out a note book to take notes on the talk .
Man taking notes
We stepped into the daze of the 4th floor “ nap room ” at Barnes & Noble and took our places .
Agent Todd summoned Chekov to the podium , and our public audience of about 25 people slowly stirred out of its sedation .
All patrons in the seating area had been placed under our spell .
Confused , half - awake , and dumbfounded , they swallowed the bait whole .
Of course , the bubble of our mind - controlling vortex only extended to the edges of the escalator .
As customers arrived from other floors , they immediately burst into laughter .
It seemed clear to those on the outskirts exactly what was going on .
This , however , did not sway those already trapped in Agent Ward ’s magic .
The Barnes & Noble adventure was a surreal success .
Customers crowd around our poster in the back of the section
Chekov reads to the crowd
I rode down the escalator with the guy pictured below ( Nike sweatshirt ) who turned around to tell me that “ Some people just have too much time on their hands . ”
Agent Dippold
I was taking pictures in the back and overheard one of the employees say to the manager , “ Well , we ca n ’t INTERRUPT him . ”
The first security guard arrives
Barnes and Noble Union Square store manager Tom , laughing
More customers view our poster
The man pictured below with his head rolled back was sound asleep when I first took the stage .
He woke up when the audience clapped for Chekov , seemed interested in the event , and then fell back asleep a minute or two later .
Chekov ’s audience
After I finished my first short story , the crowed applauded .
I then told the following anecdote :
“ Under Communists in Russia I could not talk to my friends like I am talking to you , my friends .
KGB was everywhere .
If you went to restaurant to eat and talk the waiter was probably KGB .
If you went to library to talk , then librarian went , “ Shhhhh … ” [ holding two fingers in front of my lips ] .
And , if librarian did not say to shush , she [ I cupped my hand around my ear as if to hear a whisper ] was listening because she was KGB .
The only safe place to walk and talk was the one place nobody was listening or watching … the graveyard . ”
I then began to read “ In the Graveyard ” .
Agent Todd introduces the Q&A part of the reading
During Chekov ’s second short story I could tell the authorities were beginning to stress out .
At this point there were two security guards , the store manager , and a cop talking to each other at the back of the reading area .
I wanted to move on to the Q&A portion of the event , so I ended Chekov ’s story a bit early .
I wanted to make it clear to the authorities that we would be out of their way very soon :
“ Ladies and Gentlemen , Mr. Chekov is on a very tight schedule today .
We unfortunately have to leave in just a few minutes .
We have time for just a few questions from the audience . ”
Right when I was just about to start the Q&A and take the first question , Store Manager Tom began walking swiftly to the stage .
“ Again we have just a few minutes for questions , ” I announced .
Tom interrupted , announcing , “ Very few minutes !
In fact , you ’re done .
Take it down . ”
I was still in a position of power as I was on a raised stage and in front of the podium .
I smiled at Tom and calmly addressed the crowd :
“ Ladies and Gentlemen it seems we are in fact all out of time .
Thank you for coming out today to hear Mr. Chekov .
Please come back for future Meet the Writer programs , which happen at this store several times a week .
We would like to thank Barnes and Noble Union Square for having us today .
Thank you . ”
The crowd clapped as we exited the stage .
Tom instructed me to take our sign down , and then walked over to the other sign and handed it to Agent Wimpy very politely .
I went up to him and shook his hand , thanking him for having us .
He smiled and replied , “ You bet .
Please come back the next time he writes a new play . ”
Agent Wimpy and I rode the escalator down together still in charcter .
The woman in the red hat pictured above , listened to us the whole way down .
Agent Winckler
After Agents Todd and Wimpy had gone down the escalator , I followed slowly , catching several security guards and the store manager , Tom , on tape as they discussed the event .
Tom loudly exclaimed , with a big smile , ‘ We got Chekov ! ’
As I passed , one serious female guard said to Tom urgently , ‘ There !
That guy !’
I went down two floors and traded cameras with Agent az3456 , so I could go back and catch more of Tom ’s conversation with the shotgun mic .
As I was going back up , I saw them going down .
Damn !
Her eyes widened as she saw me and said something on the order of ‘ there he is ! ’ to Tom .
I switched to the down escalator so I could follow them and as I was going down , I saw yet another guard running back up to catch me .
I ’d given him the slip but Tom had vanished , so I went outside .
Agent Leonard
When I reached the bottom of the escalator , the manager was standing with a few B&N employees and I heard one of them say , “ Well , did he look healthy ?!
Har har ! ”
Our sign in the front window
We caused quite a ruckus in B&N , so much so that when I went back to get Chekov ’s jacket that was left behind upstairs , I noticed security guards still wondering what happened ( I heard “ well THAT was interesting ” ) and on my way out , the man who had interrupted us on the 4th floor was holding a poster we put up , and he was standing in a circle of people , who all seemed to be pretty amused by the whole thing .
Agent Adner
I randomly picked up a photography book about interior design of seaside mansions and sat down inconspicuously among the scattered crowd of the Barnes and Noble speaking area .
I played the part of an enthusiastic listener .
When “ Chekov ” ( Agent Wimpy ) and his literary agent ( Agent Todd ) were escorted out by a Barnes & Noble employee and a security guard , I decided to stick around and get some audience reaction .
It took only a few moments of looking around with a stunned and confused look upon my face before a woman sitting in the row in front of me engaged me in conversation .
She said she was “ shocked ” and “ outraged ” at how Barnes & Nobles would kick out an author who was trying to give a reading .
She even walked up to a security guard who informed her that “ Chekov ” was not scheduled to read at the store .
Offering my desire for “ a souvenir ” as reasoning , I excused myself for a moment to pick up one of the Chekov posters just in case the mission was going to be repeated in the Chelsea B&N .
At one point she thought out loud that perhaps he was n’t the real Chekov , but quickly dismissed the thought and returned to being furious with Barnes & Noble about how they treat respected playwrights .
The woman asked me if I knew anything about Chekov and when I feigned ignorance she continued to tell me that he was a great playwright with many famous works and that she was currently in rehearsals for another Chekov play , “ The Seagull , ” and considered herself lucky to happen upon a chance reading by the author .
As our conversation neared an end my fellow outraged listener too looked for a souvenir .
Group Photo
After the Barnes and Noble phase of the mission we regrouped at our meeting point and prepared for phase two .
Agent Olsen had designed a second poster that read “ Book Signing ” rather than “ Meet the Writers ” .
I had purchased 50 copies of one of Chekov ’s most well - known plays , The Cherry Orchard , for $ 1.50 each .
We set up a table at the south end of Union Square Park and Chekov signed and sold these books for $ 2 each .
Agent Todd and Wimpy set up shop
In Union Square , we received 4 reactions from our public throughout the day .
To my delightful surprise , I found these 4 reactions very evenly split amongst the general population .
1 in 4 people had heard of Anton Chekov , did n’t know he was dead , and truly believed the whole thing .
These people usually remained quiet , and were happy to get an autograph from someone they were pretty sure was famous .
1 in 4 people had never heard of Anton Chekov , and truly believed the whole thing .
They probably thought The Cherry Orchard had something to do with Bush or 9/11 or Jesus or harvesting cherries .
1 in 4 people had heard of Anton Chekov , knew he was dead , and saw right through the whole thing .
Throughout the day , I enjoyed subtly planting myself near newcomers .
A well - educated family came upon our area , burst out laughing , and went on their way .
I casually followed behind them .
“ We should come back next weekend .
I hear Tolstoy ’s going to be here . ” the father said .
“ And Sir Francis Drake is coming the weekend after that ! ” chimed in the 11 year old boy .
1 in 4 people had heard of Anton Chekov , but they were n’t sure if he was alive or dead .
This demographic was the most entertaining and the most talkative
I was sitting on the steps filming Agent Wimpy ’s loud , cheery conversations with book signees from a distance .
An onlooker returned to his friends sitting next to me and said , ‘he sounds like a cross between Ronald McDonald and Krusty the Clown . ’
( Personally , I would have replaced ‘ Ronald McDonald ’ with ‘ Yosemite Sam ’ for a more contrapuntal similitude . )
I over heard the the man pictured above on the right loudly comment to his friend , “ I just assumed he was dead ! ! ”
There were three basic categories of civilians in Union Square : those who did n’t know who Chekov was , those who did and believed he was sitting there , and those who knew who he was and knew this was a joke .
But one particular old man was an intriguing combination .
He knew quite a bit about Chekov , but did n’t seem to have any clue that what was transpiring was a joke .
He took a lot of pride in trying to prove to anyone who would listen that Agent Wimpy was a fraud .
He told anyone who would listen how Chekov died in 1904 , how Chekov was 44 when he passed on , how Chekov would never be that animated , all with this smug smile on his face tat seemed to say “ I know you ’re a fraud , but I bet all these people believe you , and I ’m going to be their hero and show them the light .
A young man summed up the day ’s experiment quite well .
“ They ’re always filming some bullshit over here . ”
I was suprised at how many people asked me , “ What is his book about ? ”
The man pictured above was quite interested in my description of the chopping down of the cherry orchard and it being symbolic for the end feudal Russia .
The woman in the white pictured above was very excited to meet Chekov .
She asked me time and again , “ Really ! ?
This is really the real Anton Chekov ? ? ”
I almost felt bad about assuring her it was .
Almost .
The lady with the white shirt was the best , when she was waiting in line she could n’t stop talking to the other fans , at one point I heard her say , “ I did n’t think he was still ALIVE !!!! ”
A line begins to form
To generate interest , we had several agents get in line at various times and purchase a copy of the play .
As expected , this prompted others to get in line as well .
The woman above requested Chekov to make her book out to “ The greatest actress alive . ”
Chekov heartily complied .
The young man in the jean jacket above insisted that Chekov only sign his autograph , rather than making it out to anyone in particular .
He proudly announced , “ When you die , this is going to be worth lots of money ! ”
By far the funniest thing that happened was while we were on display in the park .
A man and his wife / girlfriend ( pictured above ) had stopped in front of our display , and the man was staring quite intently at our Chekov .
I overheard him saying that he thought Chekov was dead , so I went over to him and struck up a conversation :
Me : “ What was that ?
You said this guy ’s dead ? ”
Man : “ I ’m sure of it – this guy had plays out in the 1800 ’s , how could he be alive today ?
You know what I bet this is ?
There ’s a Barnes & Noble just on the other side of the park , I bet you they ’re behind this . ”
Me : “ Barnes & Noble is pulling pranks ? ”
Man : “ Yeah , probably to promote this new edition or something .
I ’m going to get to the bottom of this , I ’m going over to that Barnes and Noble right now … ”
And get to the bottom of it he did .
He returned a short time later …
Man : 1904 .
Me : 1904 ?
Man :
That ’s when Anton Chekov died .
I went and found a book on him .
This guy ’s a fake .
Just thought I ’d give you a head ’s up .
Me : Heh , wow , thanks .
He sure has a lot of other people fooled .
Man :
Well , it ’s a good publicity stunt ; I ’ll give ’em that .
I just love that this guy took time out from his day , and quality time from his significant other to solve the mystery that we brought before him .
Funny thing is , if he just looked at the back of the books we were selling , he could have found out the same information .
The lady buying a copy of the book for her 5 year old son .
( above )
The student who apologized for missing my play last summer in Central Park .
The two guys selling Jesus refrigerator magnets who wanted my endorsement .
( below )
In Union Square park my favorite customer ’s were :
A most successful mission !
Throughout the day several people asked me why Chekov was doing his signing in a park .
I gave everyone the same justification , “ Well , I just represent Mr. Chekov in New York , so I do n’t know his financial situation exactly , but between us , I ’m pretty sure he is a millionaire .
So he ’s not doing this for money .
He does n’t make much off of his plays these days , anyway .
Mr. Chekov did n’t want to deal with a big corporate chain store like Barnes and Noble .
He just wans to meet his fans .
What better way than to come right out to the park himself ? ”
A Russian in New York
After helping to bring and unfold the table I sat with Agent Calhoun on the side steps of Union Square to observe the setup of the signing station as well as the initial gathering of interested parties .
I bid my time , waiting for the line to ebb , and bought my book without inspiring a mass on - rush .
At one point I was standing next to a guy watching the signings in awe .
He turned to me and asked if I knew that Chekov was “ big ” guy in movies .
I replied that Chekov was a playwright and showed him my copy of “ The Cherry Orchard . ”
The man replied , “ Yeah , he ’s big in movies . ”
Then asked if the books cost five dollars .
When I replied that they only cost two dollars he smiled and jumped into line for this once in a lifetime opportunity .
The man pictured above was one of a handful of folks who noticed the first sentence on the back cover of the play which read , “ The Cherry Orchard was first produced on Chekov ’s last birthday in January 29 , 1904 .
This meant exactly 100 years and one month had passed since his “ last birthday ” .
I informed anyone who brought up this point that it was in fact a “ very embarassing typo ” made by Dover Publications .
“ Hey , what ’s up ! ”
“ You ’ll never believe who ’s in Union Square right now ”
“ Anton Chekov ! ”
“ Is n’t that weird ? ”
“ I do n’t know , I ’d say he ’s around 65 . ”
“ Yeah , it ’s him , he has the beard and everything . ”
“ Really ?
That ’s funny . ”
“ Yeah , that ’s weird , well I think it was , I do n’t know ”
“ 19th Century you think ? ”
“ I do n’t know , this is weird . ”
“ Well , he ’s here . ”
“ No , it ’s definitely him , It must have been the 1960 ’s ”
“ It only sounds old because it ’s Russian ”
“ I do n’t know .
This is weird . ”
Agent Todd
The man I ’m talking to in the photo above actually fooled me .
He very quietly asked me questions about Chekov ’s life and his current living situation .
I thought he was completely falling for the bit until he very coyly let me know he was the one doing the fooling :
The man I ’m talking to in the photo above actually fooled me .
He very quietly asked me questions about Chekov ’s life and his current living situation .
I thought he was completely falling for the bit until he very coyly let me know he was the one doing the fooling : Man :
So where does he live now ?
Me : Mr. Chekov recently relocated to Washington DC
Man : I see .
And what is he now , 200 ? 300 years old ?
Me : Yes .
About that .
200 or 300 .
Agent Leonard
This guy in the red shirt ( above ) was standing next to me snickering at all of us who were so excited to see Chekov , but he never left , he stood there as long as the IE Agents did and then finally went over to speak with Chekov .
I got the feeling that he was pretty sure it was n’t actually Chekov , but he just had to make see for himself … and buy a book !
This guy in the red shirt ( above ) was standing next to me snickering at all of us who were so excited to see Chekov , but he never left , he stood there as long as the IE Agents did and then finally went over to speak with Chekov .
I got the feeling that he was pretty sure it was n’t actually Chekov , but he just had to make see for himself … and buy a book !
Agent Todd
We were in the park for just over an hour and sold 26 copies of the book .
I almost made my money back .
Agent Wimpy was amazingly friendly and warm to each of his fans .
He was loved by all , those in on the joke and those who were completely fooled .
Mission Accomplished .
EPILOGUE : A reaction sent in by someone who saw this mission in person .
Anton Chekov at the IE 5th Anniversary
Show two and a half years after this mission :
As I sat on the stone steps , a man in his early 30’s ( pictured aboe purchasing a copy ) turned to me .
“ It ’s pretty amazing .
I mean , Anton Chekov , the most important man in Russian literature , right here in Union Square , ” he said excitedly .
“ Yeah , it ’s pretty great , ” I replied .
He then pulled out his cell phone and made a call to a friend .
Here ’s the one side of the conversation I heard :
Whether right or for wrong , the human brain is often compared to a computer , and vice - versa .
They both receive data , process it , store it , and output new data .
Unlike computers , however , the human brain does n’t crash .
Yes , people have nervous breakdowns , but that has more to do with psychological stress than with data management .
Now , researchers from Yale University have figured out why our brains succeed where computers fail .
The research team compared the genome of E coli bacteria with the Linux operating system .
Both of the control networks , it turns out , are arranged in hierarchies .
In E coli , the molecular networks are arranged in a pyramid .
A limited number of master regulatory genes sit at the top , controlling a wide range of specialized functions beneath them .
By contrast , Linux is more like an inverted pyramid - numerous routines are at the top , controlling a few generic functions at the bottom .
This is because software engineers save time and money by building on existing routines , instead of starting systems from scratch .
Such an approach makes the system vulnerable to breakdowns , however , as even simple changes to a generic routine can be very disruptive .
To minimize problems , the generic components need to be continually fine - tuned by software designers .
The Yale scientists noted that in a living organism , generic components that need to be constantly updated would not be a good survival trait .
Instead , over billions of years of evolution , the E coli bacteria has evolved many highly specialized modules .
Together , these modules are ready to handle most eventualities , resulting in a much more robust network .
Whether right or for wrong , the human brain is often compared to a computer , and vice - versa .
They both receive data , process it , store it , and output new data .
Unlike computers , however , the human brain does n’t crash .
Yes , people have nervous breakdowns , but that has more to do with psychological stress than with data management .
Now , researchers from Yale University have figured out why our brains succeed where computers fail .
The research team compared the genome of E coli bacteria with the Linux operating system .
Both of the control networks , it turns out , are arranged in hierarchies .
In E coli , the molecular networks are arranged in a pyramid .
A limited number of master regulatory genes sit at the top , controlling a wide range of specialized functions beneath them .
By contrast , Linux is more like an inverted pyramid - numerous routines are at the top , controlling a few generic functions at the bottom .
This is because software engineers save time and money by building on existing routines , instead of starting systems from scratch .
Such an approach makes the system vulnerable to breakdowns , however , as even simple changes to a generic routine can be very disruptive .
To minimize problems , the generic components need to be continually fine - tuned by software designers .
The Yale scientists noted that in a living organism , generic components that need to be constantly updated would not be a good survival trait .
Instead , over billions of years of evolution , the E coli bacteria has evolved many highly specialized modules .
Together , these modules are ready to handle most eventualities , resulting in a much more robust network .
Microsoft 's multi- touch tabletop display called Surface has a competitor as Sony gets ready to start selling a 35 - inch , full HD touchscreen table .
The table will track gestures and even discern emotions , the makers claim .
The table is made by a Swiss company called Atracsys , which has partnered with Sony for the technology .
The table comprises a video - based movement - tracking system , a computer , a beamer and a screen , explains Atracsys on its web site .
It will also have two Sony ISS XCD - V60 cameras to build a 3D image , according to gadget news blog Pocket Lint .
What 's intriguing is Sony 's comment that the Atracsys table can also detect emotion such as surprise , happiness and anger .
The tracking system detects the positions and movements of a user 's fingers and the objects on the screen .
The data is processed by the computer and sent back to the beamer resulting in what seems like real - time interaction with the device .
The whole set - up fits inside the table so users do n't see anything beyond the touchscreen display , as the video below shows .
The idea is very similar to what Microsoft has with its Surface table .
Microsoft first announced it in 2007 and since then the technology has showed up in places like Disneyland , Las Vegas casinos and MSBNC ( during the TV channel 's presidential elections coverage ) .
Surface has n't proved to be a commercial blockbuster , largely because it is big and expensive .
The Sony Atracsys table does n't fundamentally change that , but it does offer an alternative to the Surface .
The tabletop display is n't designed for homes .
But it is expected to show up at retail stores , events and in gaming .
Sony and Atracsys have n't disclosed pricing for the multi - touch table .
See Also :
Photo :
The Duchess of York , Sarah Ferguson , has been secretly filmed allegedly offering to sell access to her former husband Prince Andrew .
Rupert Murdoch 's tabloid newspaper News of the World says a reporter posing as a wealthy businessman offered her more than 500,000 pounds ( $ 869,000 ) for an introduction to Prince Andrew , who is a special British trade representative .
It says she was secretly filmed last Tuesday night taking $ 48,000 cash as a down payment .
In return the Duchess is recorded promising to introduce the paper 's undercover reporter to Prince Andrew , claiming he will help to fix lucrative deals .
" Look after me and he 'll look after you , " she said .
" You 'll get it back tenfold .
I can open any door you want . "
But News of the World says Prince Andrew was totally unaware of the deal .
The Duchess herself is recorded describing her former husband as whiter than white .
- BBC
There are nearly twice as many people making $ 100,000 or more a year in Gov. Chris Christie 's administration than there were in former Gov. Jon S. Corzine's .
An Associated Press analysis has found that while Christie , a Republican , is proposing laying off 1,300 state workers , he is spending nearly $ 2 million more on annual salaries than did his predecessor , a Democrat .
Eighteen people made $ 100,000 or more in 2009 under Corzine , according to an Asbury Park Press online database of 2009 public payroll records .
According to payroll records posted on Christie 's website on April 8 , 34 people in his administration make six figures -- including the governor himself , who makes $ 175,000 .
Corzine 's payroll was $ 7 million last year for 103 employees listed under the governor 's office .
Christie 's payroll is $ 8.9 million for 117 people .
That figure does n't include Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , who makes $ 141,000 but also serves as the secretary of state .
Using Christie 's figures and those from the Asbury Park Press , the average salary under Corzine was $ 67,961 ; the average under Christie is $ 76,068 .
Christie spokesman Mike Drewniak disputed the difference in salaries , saying Corzine parked staff members in other departments to make it look as though there were fewer people on his payroll .
Drewniak said he would issue a statement with more details .
Drewniak also pointed to the fact that the front office and press office have to staff the lieutenant governor , a position that is new this year .
Also , since Corzine was single , there was no staff needed for a first lady .
One person is assigned to work for first lady Mary Pat Christie .
Cam Henderson , the director of protocol , makes $ 125,000 annually .
Corzine and his spokesman were in Asia on Monday and could n't immediately be reached by telephone for comment .
Sen . Paul Sarlo , chair of the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee , said the salary findings were a concern .
" I 've always maintained that as we go through this budget process we are going to make sure there is a shared sacrifice by all here , " said Sarlo , a Democrat .
Facing a nearly $ 11 billion structural deficit , Christie has proposed a $ 29.3 billion budget that slashes education spending by $ 819 million , foregoes pension payments , cuts aid to cities and towns by $ 450 million and calls for a 2.5 percent local spending cap .
He has pressured teachers to accept a one - year wage freeze and contribute 1.5 percent of their salaries toward health case costs .
Steve Lonegan , the more conservative Republican candidate Christie defeated in the GOP gubernatorial primary last June , said Christie was being hypocritical in asking towns , cities and teachers to tighten their belts while growing the size of the governor 's office .
" The governor is telling local communities to tighten their belts while he is overspending , " Lonegan said .
" The governor needs to lead by example . "
The Drunken Moogle is a website that features video - game inspired cocktails .
This is the T - Virus from Resident Evil here .
What 's a T - virus ?
Worse than swine flu , that 's for sure !
Ingredients : 3/4 shot Silver Rum
1/4 shot Everclear
1 Blue Twizzler Directions :
Wind a blue Twizzler around a tall double shot glass .
It should stick to the sides of the glass .
Pour in the silver rum and top with the Everclear .
Drink , then eat the Twizzler for a sweet / sour aftertaste .
That sounds disgusting .
Do n't get me wrong , I 'd still drink them back to back until I 'm puking Twizzlers , but that 's because I love liquor .
And that 's not just the booze talking either , although it is mumbling something .
Drink you ?
You know I will !
T- Virus ( Resident Evil Shot ) [ thedrunkenmoogle ]
The Supreme Court has ruled for a British father seeking to regain custody of his son , who was taken by his mother from Chile to Texas , a dispute testing the power of federal courts to intervene when fights over children cross borders .
The justices , by a 6 - 3 vote , said Timothy Abbott , who is fighting to gain custody and the return of his son , has a right of custody to force the boy 's return , after courts in Chile said the father had rights as a non-custodial parent .
At issue is the scope of an international treaty , and whether one country 's court order preventing a child from being taken overseas by a parent represents " rights of custody " enforceable in the United States .
Monday 's other Supreme Court rulings :
Court : Sentencing juveniles to life without parole ' cruel and unusual '
Supreme Court :
Sex offenders can be held indefinitely
By Richard Anderson
Business reporter , BBC News
Analysts say it may be a week after the ash has cleared before flights return to normal
The fallout from the Icelandic volcano will be felt long after the ash has settled .
For while the majority of flights may be back in the air by the beginning of next week , it will be many more days before the airlines have got their schedules back on track .
And that means more delayed flights for thousands of passengers , many of whom may be under the false impression that , once the ash clears , planes will be free to fly as normal .
" Airlines face a logistical nightmare , " explains Barry Turner - Woods , contributing editor of Airlines World .
Not only will there be a backlog of flights to clear , but planes are stranded across the world in destinations thousands of miles from where they need to be .
Domino effect Flight schedules are intricate and complex , and the consequences of missing just one flight , let alone hundreds , can be far reaching .
Airlines rely on a carefully - planned sequence of flights .
Once the sequence is broken , it is very hard to catch up
John Strickland , JLS Consulting
For example , as John Strickland , director of the aviation consultancy JLS Consulting , explains , an Air New Zealand flight from Hong Kong to London was forced to land in Frankfurt .
As a result , it had to cancel the flight back to Hong Kong .
Another of the carrier 's aircraft got into London from Los Angeles before the airspace closure - meaning it had to cancel a London to LA flight because that plane is stuck at Heathrow Airport .
The domino effect only loses momentum once the airlines can start flying again .
" This is a really big headache , especially for long - haul operators , " says Mr Strickland .
" Airlines rely on a carefully - planned sequence of flights .
Once the sequence is broken , it is very hard to catch up , particularly on complex routes such as the UK to Asia or Australia . "
And as more airports fall under the volcanic cloud , the problem will only get worse , particularly when those airports are international hubs such as Paris and Frankfurt , both of which were closed on Friday .
Jet lag
The logistics involved in getting back on track are hard to grasp - it's not simply a question of waiting for the ash to clear and sending the planes on their way .
" In some cases , airlines wo n't be able to stick with the same crew , " explains Mr Strickland .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " Crew are entitled to rest periods and they may not be available for the next flight .
It may actually be quicker to recover the plane with a different crew . "
Airlines also have to bear in mind the time zones in which the crew are operating .
Even if they are free , there are strict safety regulations to guard against jet lag .
Crew 's body clocks are intricately connected to flight schedules .
Not only , then , does the airline have to foot the bill for putting up crew in hotels while they wait , but they may have to pay for a whole new crew to fly out to pick up a stranded plane .
Mr Strickland estimates that it could take some airlines a full week after the ash clears before they can resume a normal service on complex long - haul flights .
Mr Turner - Woods believes it will take them four to five days .
" It really depends on capacity - if the flights are full or not , " he says .
An airline with plenty of free seats will be able to clear the backlog quicker .
Tight budgets
One thing is for sure , he argues : " You wo n't find any airlines hiring extra aircraft to cover the shortfall . "
This is for the very simple reason that they cannot afford to .
" The fixed costs in the airline business are enormous , and they still need to be met , " says Tim Coombs , managing director of Aviation Economics .
It will be relatively easy for short - haul , low - cost operators to get their schedules back on track
Tim Coombs , managing director , Aviation Economics Large airlines such as British Airways or Lufthansa are losing about £ 10 m a day while their planes are grounded , according to Douglas McNeill , a transport analyst at Charles Stanley Securities .
And most major airlines can ill - afford to charter additional planes at a time when they are struggling to make money .
Short - haul operators , however , should be less badly affected .
" It will be relatively easy for short - haul , low - cost operators to get their schedules back on track , " says Mr Coombs .
And there is no way of knowing which passengers will be hit as airlines struggle with the logistics of returning to business as normal .
" Some people will be lucky , others will not , " says Mr Turner - Woods .
Grounded flights
Then there is the problem of actually getting the planes off the ground once the ash clears .
Any airline will usually have the majority of its planes in the air , not all of them sitting on the ground .
At airports that have been closed completely , this means there are huge numbers of planes that are parked up .
" Airlines do n't usually have this much capacity on the ground , " explains Mr Strickland .
" The choreography involved [ in getting them all up in the air ] is a real problem . "
This will be a minor issue compared with re-scheduling entire flight programmes , but is just one of many logistical conundrums facing global airlines .
Unfortunately for airlines and passengers alike , the knock - on effects of the Icelandic volcanic eruption will be felt long after planes take to the skies once more .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Question 1 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am a ' doer . '
I prefer to work with things : machines , tools , plants , or animals .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Restart Submit Submit
Question 2 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am a ' thinker . '
I like to observe , learn , investigate , analyze , evaluate , solve problems and find creative solutions .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 3 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am a ' creator . '
I have artistic , innovating , or intuitive abilities and like to work in unstructured situations using imagination and creativity .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 4 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am a ' helper . '
I like to work with other people to enlighten , inform , help , train , or care for them .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 5 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am a ' persuader . '
I like to work with people by influencing and persuading , or by leading or managing .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 6 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I am an ' organizer . '
I feel comfortable working with details in structured situations and like to keep things neat and organized .
I like working with forms , charts , and reports .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 7 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that is results - oriented allowing me to use my strongest abilities , giving me a feeling of accomplishment .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 8 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that offers job security , a good salary , and good working conditions .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 9 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that offers advancement , and the potential for leadership and prestige .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 10 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that allows me to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 11 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that has supportive management that stands behind me .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
Question 12 out of 12
How strongly do you agree with the following :
I want a job that allows me to work on my own and make my own decisions .
strongly disagree disagree neutral agree strongly agree
Backup Restart Submit Submit
" Here 's what I know : There 's two sound codes , AX and non -AX .
The DSP documentation
has not been distributed outside of Nintendo so only they can make new sound codes ,
and they made two of them .
One called AX that SDK users use , and another one for
themselves that many of their games use , for example Mario , Zelda , Pikmin and other
games .
The HLE plugin is close to emulating the AX code fully , there 's just a few
bugs left .
But the non-AX code is not emulated at all by the HLE plugin , except for
one or two boot mails that you can find in UCode_Zelda.cpp .
The non -AX code has been converted to C code to some extent , but not well enough to
make a HLE plugin out of it as I understand it .
So the first step towards getting
sound in Zelda is for example to make a non-AX game boot when you use the LLE
plugin .
Currently all non-AX games freeze after a second or two as the non-AX code
ends up in the HALT function that stops all execution .
So something goes wrong
during the first mail communications .
There 's several things one could do next , ( i ) try to make sense of the mail
communication and find the incorrect mails .
The mails in the HLE plugin looked
simple but in the LLE plugin there was something like 20 different mails before HALT
and I could not understand any of them .
( ii ) Check if the non-AX code has opcodes
that the AX code do n't and find out if any of them fail and in that case try to fix
them .
( iii ) Start making HLE versions of frequently executed opcodes and hope that
luck strikes so that it fixes the emulation . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc said its fleet of cars responsible for photographing streets around the world have for several years accidentally collected personal information that consumers send over wireless networks .
A camera used for Google street view is pictured at the CeBIT computer fair in Hanover March 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Christian Charisius
The company said on Friday that it is currently in touch with regulators in several countries , including the United States , Germany , France , Brazil and Hong Kong , about how to dispose of the data , which Google said it never used .
“ It ’s now clear that we have been mistakenly collecting samples of payload data from open ( i.e. non-password - protected ) WiFi networks , ” Google Senior VP of Engineering and Research Alan Eustace said in a post on Google ’s official blog on Friday .
Google , the world ’s largest Internet search engine , did not specify what kind of data it collected , but a security expert said that email content and passwords for many users , as well as general Web surfing activity , could easily have been caught in Google ’s dragnet .
“ The bottom line is a lot of personal content is definitely available in open WiFi hotspots , ” said Steve Gibson , the president of Internet security services firm Gibson Research Corp .
He noted that most non-Web based email products , based on the POP and IMAP standards , do not encrypt log - in information or the messages people send .
And he said that Google ’s own web email product , Gmail , has only in recent months encrypted the email messages that users send after their initial sign - on , which has been encrypted .
Google ’s Street View cars are well known for crisscrossing the globe and taking panoramic pictures of the city streets , which the company displays in its Maps product .
Collecting the WiFi data was unrelated to the Google Maps project , and was done instead so that Google could collect data on WiFi hotspots that can be used to provide separate location - based services .
Google said the collection of data was a simple mistake resulting from a piece of computer code that was accidentally included from an experimental project .
Google said it became aware of the mistake in the past week , shortly after telling a German regulator that it was not collecting such information .
A Google spokesperson said the Street View cars have been collecting the information since 2006 in more than 30 countries .
“ As soon as we became aware of this problem , we grounded our Street View cars and segregated the data on our network , which we then disconnected to make it inaccessible , ” Google ’s Eustace said , noting that Google had “ failed badly ” in maintaining its users trust .
Let 's make a deal
John Boehner and Eric Cantor have responded to Barack Obama 's invitation to sit down and talk health - care reform .
They answered in the form of a ransom note .
Here are their demands :
1 ) " Assuming the President is sincere about moving forward on health care in a bipartisan way , does that mean he will agree to start over ? "
2 ) " Does that mean he has taken off the table the idea of relying solely on Democratic votes and jamming through health care reform by way of reconciliation ? "
3 ) " If the President intends to present any kind of legislative proposal at this discussion , will he make it available to members of Congress and the American people at least 72 hours beforehand ? "
4 ) " Will the President include in this discussion congressional Democrats who have opposed the House and Senate health care bills ? "
5 ) " Will the President be inviting officials and lawmakers from the states to participate in this discussion ? "
6 ) " The President has also mentioned his commitment to have ' experts ' participate in health care discussions .... Will those experts include the actuaries at the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) , who have determined that the both the House and Senate health care bill raise costs ? "
7 ) " Will the special interest groups that the Obama Administration has cut deals with be included in this televised discussion ? "
8 ) " Will the President require that any and all future health care discussions , including those held on Capitol Hill , [ be televised ] ? "
Just screams " we would like to cooperate with you to reform the American health - care system , " does n't it ?
But do n't take my word for it :
You 'll really want to read the whole thing .
These are not folks who concern themselves with the appearance of good faith .
The only thing missing is an obscure riddle that Obama must answer before he can speak to Mitch McConnell .
But I think the administration should release a counter - proposal .
They will agree to literally every one of the GOP 's demands -- including the ones that do n't make any sense -- in return for one , simple promise :
The final legislation is guaranteed an up - or - down vote in the House and the Senate .
No filibusters .
No delays .
No procedural tricks .
If the GOP wants a clean process , I bet a deal can be struck here .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Jose Luis Magana .
Image caption Robots could soon be helping with everyday tasks around the home
A future in which robots help around the home could prove harmful to humans , suggests a study .
German researchers studied what happens in accidents involving robots using sharp tools alongside humans .
They used a robot arm holding a variety of bladed tools programmed to strike test substances that mimic soft tissue .
In some cases , the researchers found , the robots managed to accidentally inflict wounds that would prove " lethal " .
The tests were conducted to see if a prototype safety system could limit the damage done .
Human subject
The tests involved a robot arm weighing 14kg and a 1.1 m reach that was equipped with a variety of bladed household tools including a steak knife , kitchen knife , scissors and screwdriver .
The robot arm was programmed to use the bladed tools to stab and cut a silicone lump , a leg from a dead pig and the arm of a human volunteer .
Striking , stabbing and puncturing tests with the safety system turned off were performed on the silicone and pig leg .
Deep cuts resulted in most cases that , the researchers said , could prove to be " lethal " if inflicted on a living subject .
Three researchers from the Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics at the German aerospace agency wanted to carry out the tests because they envisage a future in which robots will start to become domestic helpers .
Injuries were significantly reduced when the prototype collision detection system developed by the trio was switched on .
This system uses torque sensors to spot when it has hit a different substance and halts movement .
It was used to limit damage when human subjects were tested .
Previous studies have looked at what would happen when large heavy robots bump into people .
However , the German study is thought to be the first to look at the slashing injuries robots could cause .
The results of the study were presented at the 2010 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation , held in Alaska in early May .
← Sidebar
Suzdal city , located in Vladimir oblast of Russia , is one of the most interesting places to visit because of numerous architectural monuments of Russian past .
The following photos were captured at Suzdal city market square by Padunskiy ( all the photos are clickable ) .
Tags : Suzdal city · Vladimir oblast
<< Sverdlovsk oblast page was updated
Stavropol krai page was updated >>
No comments yet .
HONG KONG —
Anger rose in Australia on Tuesday , including some blunt language from Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , over the off - course Chinese coal freighter that beached on the Great Barrier Reef last weekend and threatens to befoul its pristine corals with leaking fuel oil .
Mr. Rudd on Tuesday flew over the stricken vessel , which had strayed at least 12 kilometers , or seven and a half miles , outside the authorized shipping channel , and promised afterward a full investigation to identify and punish those responsible .
He noted that the captain could be subject to up to three years in prison if found negligent and that the vessel ’s owners could be liable for a fine exceeding $ 5 million .
“ From where I sit , it is outrageous that any vessel could find itself 12 kilometers off course , it seems , in the Great Barrier Reef , ” he told Australian news organizations after the flyover .
Mr. Rudd also said that Australia would review the adequacy of its marine safety regulations .
The vessel , the Shen Neng 1 , ran aground late Saturday at full speed near the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef .
5 . Is the seal hunt cruel ?
Yes .
It is notable that in the 50 years Canada ’s commercial seal hunt has been the subject of consistent veterinary scrutiny , not one report has ever suggested the seal hunt is acceptably humane .
A 2007 review by Dr. Mary Richardson , a Canadian veterinary expert in humane slaughter methods , concluded that the commercial seal hunt is inherently inhumane because of the environment in which it operates and the speed at which the killing must be conducted .
Also in 2007 , a report by an international team of veterinary and zoology experts who studied the hunt concluded that both clubbing and shooting of seals in Canada are inhumane and should be prohibited .
The report noted a general failure to comply with regulations by sealers and a failure to enforce the regulations by authorities .
Similarly , in 2001 , a report by an independent team of veterinarians who studied the hunt concluded that governmental regulations regarding humane killing were neither being respected nor enforced , and that the seal hunt failed to comply with Canada 's basic animal welfare standards .
Shockingly , the veterinarians found that in 42 percent of the cases they studied , there was not enough evidence of cranial injury to even guarantee unconsciousness at the time of skinning .
Parliamentarians , journalists and scientists who observe Canada 's commercial seal hunt each year continue to report unacceptable levels of cruelty , including sealers dragging conscious seals across the ice floes with boat hooks , shooting seals and leaving them to suffer in agony , stockpiling dead and dying animals and cutting open live seals .
6 . How many seals are killed each year ?
In recent years , hundreds of thousands of seals have been killed annually in the commercial seal hunt .
More than one million seals have been slaughtered in the past five years alone .
These kill levels are among the highest witnessed in Canada in half a century .
The last time seals were killed at this rate — in the 1950s and ' 60s — the harp seal population was reduced by as much as two - thirds .
Moreover , the actual number of seals killed is likely higher than the number reported .
Many seals are shot at and injured in the course of the hunt and studies suggest that a significant number of these animals slip beneath the surface of the water , where they die slowly and are never recovered .
7 . Are there any penalties when hunters exceed the government 's quota ?
No .
In 2002 , the Canadian government knowingly allowed sealers to exceed the quota by more than 37,000 animals .
Sealers had already killed substantially more than the quota allowed by May 15 ( the regulated closing date of the seal hunt ) and yet the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans chose to extend the sealing season until June .
In 2004 , sealers killed close to 16,000 seals more than the permitted quota .
Again , the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans extended the sealing season until well into June .
8 . What products are made from seals ?
Seals are killed primarily for their fur , which is used to produce fashion garments and other items .
There is a small market for seal oil ( both for industrial purposes and for human consumption ) and seal penises have been sold in Asian markets as an aphrodisiac .
There is almost no market for the meat , so seal carcasses are normally left to rot on the ice .
Senior Canadian government representatives define the seal slaughter as “ primarily a fur hunt . ”
9 . Is the seal hunt economically important ?
Sealing is an off - season activity conducted by fishermen from Canada 's East Coast .
They make , on average , one - twentieth of their incomes from seal hunting and the rest from commercial fisheries .
Even in Newfoundland , where most sealers live , income from the hunt accounts for less than one percent of the province 's economy and less than two percent of the landed value of the fishery .
According to the Newfoundland government , out of a population of half a million people , less than 6,000 fishermen participate in the seal hunt each year .
The Canadian government could easily shut down the seal hunt and replace it with economic alternatives should it choose to do so .
One solution , which is supported by both animal protection groups and sealers , is a federal buyout of the commercial sealing industry .
This program would involve the federal government “ buying back ” sealing licenses from fishermen — compensating them for lost revenue in the wake of the closure of the slaughter .
Such a plan would be coupled with an investment in developing economic alternatives for the communities affected .
Fishing industry buyouts are nothing new to the Canadian government ; over $ 4 billion has been spent on Canada ’s east coast on buyouts and alternative economic development plans in recent years .
When Canada ended its commercial whale hunt , it compensated whale hunters for their licenses in a similar fashion .
One potential industry for the federal government to develop in place of seal hunting is marine ecotourism , including seal watching .
In the Magdalen Islands , one of Canada ’s sealing areas , seal watching now brings in more money to local communities than seal hunting does .
10 .
Does the government subsidize the hunt ?
Yes .
According to reports from the Canadian Institute for Business and the Environment , more than $ 20 million in subsidies were provided to the sealing industry between 1995 and 2001 .
Those subsidies came from entities such as the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency , Human Resources Development Council and Canada Economic Development–Quebec .
These subsidies take a variety of forms , including funding the salaries for seal processing plant workers , market research and development trips and capital acquisitions for processing plants .
In 2004 , more than $ 400,000 was provided by the Canadian government to companies for the development of seal products .
In recent years , millions of dollars have been spent on ice - breaking for the sealing vessels and search and rescue of sealing crews by the Canadian Coast Guard — all at taxpayers ’ expense .
In 2009 , the Canadian government estimated that enforcement of the Marine Mammal Regulations cost between $ 1.8 and $ 3.6 million — for an industry that brought in less than $ 1.5 million that year .
The Canadian government also commits considerable resources each year to lobbying foreign governments on behalf of the sealing industry , including overseas flights and accommodations for lobbyists .
Moreover , Canada 's commercial seal hunt is also indirectly subsidized by the Norwegian government .
A Norwegian company purchases close to 80 % of the sealskins produced in Canada in any given year through its Canadian subsidiary .
These skins are shipped in an unprocessed state directly to Norway , where they are tanned and re-exported .
The Norwegian government provides significant financial assistance to this company each year .
11 . Is it true seals are jeopardizing the Canadian cod fishery ?
There is no evidence to support this contention .
Some fishing industry lobby groups try to claim that seals must be culled to protect fish stocks , but nothing could be further from the truth .
The scientific community agrees that the true cause of the depletion of fish stocks off Canada 's East Coast is human over - fishing .
Blaming seals for disappearing fish is a convenient way for the fishing industry to divert attention from its irresponsible and environmentally destructive practices that continue today .
In truth , seals , like all marine mammals , are a vital part of the ecosystem of the Northwest Atlantic .
Harp seals , which are the primary target of the hunt , are opportunistic feeders , meaning they eat many different species .
So while approximately three percent of a harp seal 's diet may be commercially fished cod , harp seals also eat many significant predators of cod , such as squid .
That is why some scientists are concerned that culling harp seals could further inhibit recovery of commercially valuable fish stocks in the Northwest Atlantic .
12 . Are seals overpopulated ?
No .
While the harp seal population in the Northwest Atlantic is the world 's largest ; it is a migratory population that spans the distance between Canada and Greenland and is supposed to number in the many millions .
In the 1950s and '60s , over - hunting reduced the harp seal population by as much as two - thirds .
By the early 1970s , senior Canadian government scientists were warning that the population could be lost altogether if commercial sealing was not suspended for at least a decade .
In the early 1980s , the European Union banned the import of whitecoat seal skins , effectively removing the principal market for the hunt at the time .
For the next decade , the numbers of seals killed in the hunt dramatically declined and the harp seal population began to recover .
But in the 1990s , the Canadian government rejuvenated the commercial seal hunt through massive subsidies .
And with nearly one million seal pups killed in the past five years alone , we can only wonder what the impact will be on the harp seal population in coming years .
Scientists have already sounded the alarm regarding the poor science used by the Canadian government to set quotas for the number of seals killed .
If you 're familiar with the trend meme internet sensation that is LOLcats , you will appreciate the news that I Can Has Cheezburger has spawned a musical .
Two online editors at AOL , Kristyn Pomranz and Katherine Steinberg , coined the idea for " I Can Has Cheezburger : The MusicLOL " and drafted the storyline in about two months .
Out of the essentially plotless narrative of the I Can Has Cheezburger site that houses multiple terabytes worth of funny cat pictures , the pair struck on two essential themes :
" The through line is that all cats want cheese , and all LOLruses want buckets . "
And if that is n't a Tony Award in the making , we do n't know what is .
Despite the weighty plotline , Ms. Steinberg assures that the musical is " really full of LOLs . "
Opening tonight at the New York International Fringe Festival , we can only hope attendees walk away uttering the phrase " It was better than Cats ! "
The Make - A - Wish Foundation made 13 - year - old Erik Martin 's superhero dream a reality with a giant city - wide role playing scenario that incorporated all of Seattle .
With the help of the Seattle Sounders , Spider - Man and a DeLorean , Electron Boy saved the day .
Advertisement
Martin , who is living with liver cancer , always wanted to be a superhero , and the people of Seattle , along with the Make - A - Wish foundation were more than happy to make that fantasy a reality for one perfect day .
On April 30th , Martin woke up to a desperate phone call from Spider - Man , the only other super that knows his superhero identity as Electron Boy .
The Seattle Sounders had been taken hostage by Dr. Dark and Blackout Boy , and they needed his help !
Electron
Boy suited up and rode out to Qwest Field via DeLorean on a shut down road with a police motorcycle escort .
And that 's just the start of his day .
Advertisement
After Electron
Boy freed the Sounders , much to the joy of his awaiting fans , Dr. Dark and Blackout Boy struck again !
This time , they threatened to plummet all of Seattle into darkness .
So it was back on the road again for Electron Boy .
After saving a few civilian hostages , along with finishing up a few other heroic deeds , his wild chase landed Electron Boy at the Space Needle .
After a big show down , Electron Boy bested the evil doers , and the police carted them away .
And the crowd went wild .
We urge you to read the entire story at the Seattle Times , because there really was no limit to this town 's outpouring of love , support , and role playing creativity .
This is by far the most amazing thing we 've read all day .
We wish Electron Boy all the best in all his future heroic endeavors .
He 's definitely our new hero , along with the good people of Seattle .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's are a few snapshots that captured Electron Boy 's heroic acts :
Thanks for the tip Kat !
Additional Make - A- Wish Foundation information .
UPDATE :
This game is just a complete masterpiece , Red Dead Redemption is just my favorite game of all time , no game that i 've ever played , has ever
This game is just a complete masterpiece , Red Dead Redemption is just my favorite game of all time , no game that i 've ever played , has ever felt so deep , so great at going to it 's purpose , that is to transmute
Art in video games , the other 2 games that i nearly felt this way playing it was The Last of Us and The Witcher 3 , that even though i recognize has better storytellers , they never made me feel like this game did , the complete art that this game is .
Literally everything is perfect , for the incredible graphics , to the perfect original soundtrack , to its amazing character molding , and to it 's heart breaking ending ...
This game made me cry , this was the first game that made me cry .
John 's story was made to be told and Rockstar sure made a hell of a good job .
This is their best game ever , and if they ever announces a new Red Dead one day , my eyeballs will melt into tears of joy .
100/10 … Expand
Image caption 3G will allow high - speed content downloading on handsets
India 's auction of third generation ( 3G ) bandwidth for mobile phone services has ended with the government reaping $ 15 bn , twice the sum expected .
Nine telecoms firms , including market leaders Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications , took part in more than 180 rounds of bidding over 34 days .
No firm won the 3G mobile spectrum in all 22 geographic areas up for grabs .
But Bharti Airtel , Vodafone Essar , and Reliance Communications all won phone spectrum in the Delhi and Mumbai areas .
' Large sum '
" It 's good news for the government , no doubt , " said Arun Kejriwal , strategist at Kris Research in Mumbai .
" For the operators it 's a large sum of money that has to be paid out .
We have to see how these services are priced and received by the subscribers and how it will impact their profitability . "
There are nearly half a billion mobile phone subscribers in India , and it is the world 's fastest growing mobile market .
But until now larger private operators have been restricted in their ability to deliver voice and data services .
Now the new 3G networks will give people fast access to the web from their handsets .
3G allows mobile phone users to surf the internet and download music , video and other content at a much faster pace than the current second - generation , or 2G , service .
The total number of mobile phones sold in India has jumped nearly 300 % over the past few years , from 35 million in 2005 to 130 million in 2009 , according to the Indian Cellular Association .
I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today .
— Wimpy
A third of the way through The Hole We ’re In , Gabrielle Zevin ’s novel about the modern - age descent into debt , Roger Pomeroy wonders how the hole got dug in the first place .
“ Because , honestly , where had all the money gone ?
It was not as if they had been living high on the hog .
The money had n’t been going to the church ( Roger was in arrears in his tithes ) .
And his wife had apparently been stealing from their only son . ”
Having maxed out the family credit cards , Roger ’s wife , Georgia , had run up a further $ 10,000 debt by opening a credit card in the name of the couples ’ son , Vincent , a no - income student , allowing her to cover the cable bill ( $ 72.89 ) , a dinner at Fuddruckers ( $ 35.17 ) and so on .
Heightening Georgia ’s financial desperation is the looming wedding of the Pomeroys ’ elder daughter , Helen , who sets her sights impossibly high , envisioning a nuptial tableau enhanced by a pond dug in the backyard ( yet another hole ) dotted with swans .
“ You rent them for a day , ” Helen informs the increasingly stricken Gloria .
“ Then give them back . ”
Only upon the death of Roger ’s mother , and the inheritance that that bestows — indebted , hopeful inheritors will feel a pang of recognition here — are the Pomeroys able to crawl out of the hole they ’re in and all the way up the financial ledger to , get this , zero .
Despite it being a work of fiction , there is little fantasy in Zevin ’s take on financial despair .
We ’re in a mess of debt .
The big , naked number being used to sound the alarm is $ 1.41 trillion , representing Canadians ’ total household debt ( outstanding balances of consumer credit and residential mortgage credit ) as of December 2009 .
But that number is so plump in its nakedness that it does n’t mean much , absent an exploration of the trend lines that lay beneath .
Such as : Households have increasingly substituted consumption from income with consumption from credit ; the share represented by revolving credit ( those credit lines that have become so fashionable , by example ) within total consumer credit grew to 77.7 per cent by the end of last year , up from 21.1 per cent in 1989 ; Canada ranks first among a list of 20 countries of the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development — including the United States — when consumer debt - to - financial - assets ratios are compared .
That ’s just a taste of the dour revelations in a report released earlier this month by the Certified General Accountants Association of Canada .
Who among us registers a note of surprise ?
Why it seems like only yesterday that the nice young man at the bank suggested an interest - only line of credit , far , far larger than anything we could possibly need , tied to the mortgage .
It seemed like such a gift !
But back to you .
Thus indebted , the Canadian consumer is perilously exposed to increases in interest rates and awaits — anxiously , no doubt — word from the Bank of Canada as to whether it will raise its key interest rate at its next opportunity , which arrives on Tuesday .
Should the bank move higher — the OECD pushed for that very measure in an economic outlook released this week — the cost of consumer borrowing will follow , as surely as Wednesday follows Tuesday .
Elena Simonova , senior research and policy analyst with the Certified General Accountants , helpfully crunches some numbers .
Take a $ 250,000 mortgage amortized over 25 years .
Imagine an increase in the interest rate on that mortgage rate to , say , 6.55 per cent from 4.55 per cent .
Over five years , the cost of carrying that mortgage will increase by $ 17,500 .
Let ’s assume the family in question maintains its current level of spending on such essentials as food and transportation .
In order to accommodate the higher mortgage costs , that same family will have to cut 11 per cent out of “ other ” spending — personal care , education , vacations , pension contributions .
( Simonova crunched the data based on Statistics Canada guidelines for family spending by a mid - to - high income family . )
The conventional thinking goes like this : Canadians have gorged themselves on debt in this era of so - called “ free ” money , backstopped by inflated real estate values .
( A report out of the CIBC this week estimates that house prices in Ontario are over - valued by 11.7 per cent . )
In this we have fallen for the inducements of consumer goods manufacturers , who understand intimately the allure of sub - zero refrigerators and cork floors .
You could call it , as the CIBC did in an old advertisement for personal loans , “ The difference between hoping and having . ”
Or , to cite a Bank of Montreal promotion , “ A boat and trailer add zest to life . ”
Both advertisements were referenced in the Final Report of the Select Committee of the Ontario Legislature on Consumer Credit , which found that consumer credit had emerged as the only way many Canadians could get the goods and services they want .
“ Because credit is so easily available , ” said the report , “ those unskilled in money management may sink heavily into debt . ”
Money — a.k.a. borrowing — was in plentiful supply .
The period of study : April , 1964 to June , 1965 .
“ While former generations avoided debt and paid cash for goods and services , ” the report continued , “ today most of our major purchases are made on credit . ”
It ’s curious that a sentiment expressed a half century ago can seem so fresh , so of the moment .
Lendol Calder , professor of history at Augustana College in Rock Island , Ill. , posits this incendiary suggestion : that our forebears were n’t as financially virtuous as we ’ve been led to believe .
“ What everybody knows about thrift goes like this : that once upon a time in a golden age of thrift everybody lived by their means and nobody went into debt .
People disagree on when this golden age was .
Some people that you ’re reading right now in the newspapers think it was just before the ’90s , before our current crisis .
For them the snake in the garden is home equity lending , where families used their equity as a kind of personal ATM .
[ Before that ] people often thought of the golden age as being before the ’60s , and they blame it on universal credit cards and revolving credit .
. .
Going back to the 1920s there were moralists who were saying America had lost its moorings thrift - wise , and they blamed the debt on installment credit .
“ What I have come to believe based on my research , ” Calder continues , “ is that this golden age of thrift never really existed . ”
Even Eaton ’s was in the game early , announcing in the winter of 1936 the introduction of the Eaton Budget Account , “ with which you may buy anything in the store ( with a few exceptions , such as provisions , etc. ) and have three months to pay .
What a boon to Christmas shoppers ! ”
The current golden age of borrowing has been abetted by the easing of access to credit and home ownership , which invites an examination of human behaviour as much as it invites the predictable number crunching by macroeconomists .
Jason Kilborn , now an associate professor at the John Marshall Law School in Chicago , examined behavioural economics in the context of over - indebtedness during his previous life at Louisiana State University Law Center , and he is willing to tackle this question :
Why do we do what we do ?
“ There are a number of different levels in which we can approach your question , ” he says .
“ One is the cognitive level : Why do we overestimate our ability to control our own impulses ?
We overestimate , most importantly in my view , the likelihood of good things happening to us in the future and we underestimate the quite substantial — and in this day and age growing — risks of bad things happening to us . ”
There ’s an upside and a downside to such behaviour .
“ We as humans would n’t likely be alive today if we did n’t have these tendencies , because life is scary and full of risk , ” Kilborn continues .
“ If we did n’t have these incredible impulses driving us forward with this optimism bias of ours , we probably would have thrown up our hands and said to hell with it all . ”
The curse is underestimating the probability of negative events .
“ Now when great swaths of society are exposed to ever rising levels of financial risk . . . it ’s completely inevitable that we ’re going to see high levels of financial distress . ”
Kilborn is speaking from a U.S. perspective , where chastened consumers have , unlike their Canadian counterparts , pulled back on spending .
Of course , the American consumer was subsumed by the subprime mortgage crisis and a cataclysm of events that was largely avoided here .
What the financial crisis did do broadly was play right into the hands of behavioural economists .
“ One thing that ’s special about this episode , ” says Colin Camerer , a professor at the California Institute of Technology and a leader in the field of behavioural economics , “ is that the conventional Chicago view was that perhaps some consumers make some smallish mistakes sometimes .
But learning , competition , asking your neighbour . . . will kind of minimize the size and scope [ of those mistakes . ] ”
That did n’t happen .
“ In terms of cognitive mistakes and huge financial consequences it was kind of equal opportunity , ” Camerer says .
“ It was n’t just consumers overstating their incomes and thinking house process could never fall .
. .
It was top executives in banks who earned these giant bonuses .
A lot of them . . . had their own money tied up in the stock . ”
So there were large - scale mistakes made , as Camerer says , by people who , according to standard economic theory , never make such mistakes .
That is , the people hand - picked as the best and the brightest on Wall Street , some of whom found themselves dragged before Congress .
How were consumers expected to fare in , if not a free - money environment , certainly an easy - money environment here at home ?
“ The idea that you can walk into a store with a piece of plastic — you may even be a college student with no income — and buy $ 5,000 worth of stuff is unbelievable , ” Camerer continues .
“ Thinking like a neuroscientist , nothing in our brain evolution has equipped us to make the right decision in that case . ”
The brain , in other words , is n’t really up to the task .
“ We ’re not well equipped to say if I give this piece of plastic to this person and scribble my name , 10 years from now I might owe $ 67,000 .
It ’s sort of a battle between this highly evolved acquisitive nature and the ability to imagine owing a lot of money years from now .
The acquisitive nature part of the brain wins . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
When he says “ imagine owing , ” Camerer is referring to the magic of compound interest .
“ We ’re pretty good intuitively at linear extrapolation , ” he says — if you pay $ 100 each year for 10 years how much will you have paid at the end of that period ?
“ But we ’re not very good at the numeracy of compound interest . ”
The brain , poor thing , is additionally pitted against the continuous ingenuity of financial institutions .
Camerer cites the example of Bank of America debit cards .
“ By definition a debit card is really supposed to protect against a lot of the problem with people running up credit card debts , ” he says .
“ But what they were doing is letting it go below zero and charging a $ 35 fee for every [ overdraft ] transaction .
So if I go to Starbucks and buy a latte and over to Borders to buy a book and the corner bakery to get a sandwich — ching , ching , ching . ”
( In March , the B of A announced it was ending the overdraft - on - debit - practice , or what The New York Times called the “ $ 40 cup of coffee . ” )
As an anthropologist , Gustav Peebles at The New School in New York City is thrilled that the mystery of humans and debt has taken us to his door .
“ Even though it sounds like something classically for the economists to study , it ’s very much something we ’ve been studying for decades , ” he says .
Peebles talks of the way credit and debt — as opposed to barter — have bound societies together .
How it ’s inherent in the notion of dominance and hierarchy .
How these “ temporally binding relationships ” emerge as an irony of capitalism .
“ Capitalism binds us together in this interesting way even though we think of it as this famously anonymous , fast - paced institution . ”
Two years ago , Peebles authored a paper on the growth of banking systems in Western Europe in the early 19th century .
The peasantry were deemed spendthrifts , as they kept their money in their mattresses , vulnerable , in the view of the bourgeoisie , to drunken blowouts .
The poor were entreated to be “ diligent ” by , as Peebles wrote , converting their tiny hoards into interest - bearing capital , while the banks were able to tap into a new source of investment money .
“ I call it a win - win covenant , ” says Peebles .
“ What I ’m really interested in is the way in which this win - win covenant is breaking down in some ways today , where it actually costs more money to bank than put it in your mattress . ”
Along the way , regular folks have outsourced the skill of , say , financial management .
“ You ’ve alienated your need to worry about tomorrow to an institution , ” Peebles says , adding that many millennia ago “ there was someone like me who actually knew how to make a knife or a spear . ”
Georgia Pomeroy , a stand - in for drowning - in - debt consumers , has no financial acumen , no money skills .
She harbours one dream : “ to owe nothing to anyone . ”
As soon as the wedding is over , she puts the family home , freshly painted caliente red , up for sale .
“ 1205 Shady Lane .
Bring
Your suitcase and move right in .
Vibrantly hued 4 BR . . .
Owner will consider all reasonable offers .
Let ’s make a deal . ”
The library was first quartered in City Hall , at Wall and Broad Streets , and it often claims to have been the first library of Congress , as congressmen borrowed its books when New York was the nation ’s capital , from 1789 to 1790 .
Although Columbia College was also founded in 1754 , I have discovered no other library , museum or similar organization predating this peculiar institution .
Image
The interior of the library today .
Credit ... Piotr Redlinski for The New York Times
By the mid-19th century the library flowered into a full - fledged literary organization , with lectures by Poe , Emerson and others , and in 1856 put up a new home on University Place , then a smart residential address .
The new building had a double - height central reading room , flanked by alcoves with space for 100,000 books .
In an address that year the librarian , John MacMullen , envisioned a great future for the library with “ an ample Reading - Room , whither the Telegraph , on lightning wings , concentrates intelligence from all quarters of the world . ”
He was fired a few months later , after two years on the job .
Members began moving uptown and having their books delivered , and the library ’s literary aspirations faded .
In 1937 it relocated to its present 1917 town house on East 79th Street , after shelves were installed in the gutted shell of the back half .
That was the institution guarded by Miss Ruskell when I arrived , a wonderful but musty book - lending operation for polite private school families , although anyone could come to the first - floor reference room and consult any book .
From 1997 to 2005 , I served as a trustee , and began to explore the library with a proprietary interest .
On the top floor , in the art book stacks , I found the remains of a small skylight for an interior room where during the building ’s residential years the footman had cleaned riding boots .
OXFORD , England 
The exam was simple yet devilish , consisting of a single noun ( “ water , ” for instance , or “ bias ” ) that applicants had three hours somehow to spin into a coherent essay .
An admissions requirement for All Souls College here , it was meant to test intellectual agility , but sometimes seemed to test only the ability to sound brilliant while saying not much of anything .
“ An exercise in showmanship to avoid answering the question , ” is the way the historian Robin Briggs describes his essay on “ innocence ” in 1964 , a tour de force effort that began with the opening chords of Wagner ’s “ Das Rheingold ” and then brought in , among other things , the flawed heroes of Stendhal and the horrors of the prisoner - of - war camp in the William Golding novel “ Free Fall . ”
No longer will other allusion - deploying Oxford youths have the chance to demonstrate the acrobatic flexibility of their intellect in quite the same way .
All Souls , part of Oxford University , recently decided , with some regret , to scrap the one - word exam .
It has been offered annually since 1932 ( and sporadically before that ) as part of a grueling , multiday affair that , in one form or another , has been administered since 1878 and has been called the hardest exam in the world .
The unveiling of the word was once an event of such excitement that even non-applicants reportedly gathered outside the college each year , waiting for news to waft out .
Applicants themselves discovered the word by flipping over a single sheet of paper and seeing it printed there , all alone , like a tiny incendiary device .
The World from Berlin German President ' Betrayed the Soldiers in Afghanistan '
During a surprise visit to Afghanistan over the weekend , German President Horst Köhler seemed to argue that the mission served to protect German trade interests .
Outrage at home has been shrill .
German commentators are none - too - impressed either .
Dear Hollywood ,
We know it 's hard to cut trailers , and you want to the maximum possible appeal .
It 's understandable , and we all know the game .
Unfortunately , you 've recently achieved critical mass on one subject : overused , hackneyed trailer songs .
Sometimes they 're indie and soft and intellectual , and other times they are rock numbers that are the equivalent of Matrix - slow - motion fight parodies .
Old , tired , and boring .
For the audience 's sake , please stop using these 35 songs in movie trailers , promos for Grey 's Anatomy , and all CBS finale shows .
Thank You ,
All Humans
P.S. Read the list after the jump .
1. How To Save A Life -- The Fray
2. Solsbury Hill -- Peter Gabriel
3. Where Is My Mind ? --
The Pixies
4. The Rockafeller Skank - Fatboy Slim
5. Bad Day -- Daniel Powter
6. For What It 's Worth - Buffalo Springfield
7. Fortunate Son -- CCR
8. Kashmere -- Anyone .
9. All Moby Songs
10 . Bawitdaba -- Kid Rock
11 . Collide -- Howie Day
12 . Paper Planes -- M.I.A .
13 . Tik Tok - Ke$ha
14 . Born To Be Wild - Steppenwolf
15 . Angel - Sarah McLachlan
16 . Sweet Home Alabama - Lynyrd Skynyrd
17 . Under Pressure - David Bowie with Queen
18 . More Human Than Human - White Zombie
19 . Baba O' Riley - The Who
20 . Entire Soundtrack - Requiem for a Dream
21 . I 'm Coming Out - Diana Ross
22 . Bad to the Bone - George Thorogood and the Destroyers
23 . Single Ladies - Beyonce
24 . All Songs by The Who ( You know what TV shows we 're talking about )
25 . Kung Fu Fighting - Carl Douglas
26 . I Got A Feeling - Black Eyed Peas
27 . Chasing Cars - Snow Patrol
28 . All Star - Smashmouth
29 . I Feel Good - James Brown
30 . Papa's Got A Brand New Bag - James Brown
31 . Jump Around - House of Pain
32 . Lowrider - War
33 . Insane in the Membrane - Cypress Hill
34 . Song # 2 - Blur
35 . Bodies - Drowning Pool
THE word “ hacker ” is widely misused .
Among hackers themselves , it refers to someone who enjoys tinkering with technology , exploring its boundaries and getting it to do unexpected or unintended tricks , though in general use the word refers to individuals who break into computers for nefarious ends ( for whom hackers prefer the terms “ malicious hacker ” or “ cracker ” ) .
But a hacker is not necessarily bad and is not necessarily just someone who messes around with computers .
Thomas Edison was arguably a hacker , back in the 19th century .
Today 's technological tinkerers , however , have a far wider range of household gizmos to play with and modify , from cars to cameras .
Getting them to do new things , and not merely what the manufacturer had in mind , is an increasingly popular pastime .
It even has its own magazine , MAKE , which is filled with projects for the technologically intrepid .
Car enthusiasts have a long tradition of modifying their vehicles to improve on the manufacturer 's original specifications .
As cars become as dependent on electronics as they are upon mechanics , the business of tweaking their performance has become ever more elaborate .
Upgrades for various fuel - injection and ignition computers have been available for well over a decade , providing additional power — often at the expense of warranty cover and fuel efficiency — just by replacing a microchip or two in the engine compartment .
But such modifications are now passé .
The latest twist comes from TurboXS of Gaithersburg , Maryland .
Its DTEC boost controller uses a standard Nintendo Game Boy Advance SP handheld games console as its display and input device .
The software comes on a standard game cartridge , and provides a variety of read - outs and diagnostic options .
Wire up a few hardware sensors , and the games console becomes a tuning tool , allowing changes via the boost - controller hardware to the running engine configuration .
And all of this was done without any help from Nintendo , notes Nathan Kofahl of TurboXS .
It is a new , unintended use of the console — in short , a hack — that is , in turn , used to hack the car 's engine .
Hybrid and electric vehicles have also attracted the attentions of hackers .
After General Motors introduced the short - lived EV1 electric car in 1996 , intrepid owners soon worked out how to connect handheld computers to its built - in diagnostic systems and observe what was going on with their vehicles .
Armed with this knowledge , they could then change their driving behaviour to improve the car 's range on a single charge .
Today , attention is focused on the Toyota Prius , a hybrid - electric vehicle that uses battery power at low speeds ( in stop - start traffic , for example ) and a petrol engine at high speeds or on long journeys .
The problem , from the point of view of some drivers , is that the control system of the Prius , and the limited capacity of its nickel - metal hydride ( NiMH ) batteries , prevent it from being used as an all - electric vehicle , even on quite short journeys .
So a number of Prius owners have hacked their vehicles , fitting them with larger lithium - ion battery packs that can be recharged from the mains and tweaking the battery - control system to extend the car 's electric - only range .
EDrive , a firm based in Monrovia , California , is about to launch just such an upgrade package for Prius owners , at a cost of around $ 12,000 .
Closer to home , the ever more complex innards of consumer - electronics devices mean they are also ripe for modification by hackers .
The advent of the TiVo personal video recorder was significant in many ways : not only did it precipitate a dramatic shift in viewing habits , it was also one of the first consumer - electronics devices to be based upon Linux , the open - source operating system .
Most users , of course , were happily unaware of this fact .
But for the more technically minded , it made possible a wide variety of modifications , letting users make their TiVos work just the way they wanted .
Simple changes — different colours for the on - screen interface , installing a larger hard disk to increase recording capacity — quickly evolved into new software development that , for example , allowed the TiVo to be remotely controlled over the internet , enabling users to add a show to the device 's recording schedule from work .
This extensibility quickly gained the TiVo a passionate following , but also raised legal concerns .
Not content to add features to the device , TiVo users soon worked out how to download programmes to watch them on their laptops , or transfer them to DVD .
While TiVo made efforts to prevent this sort of thing , the ingenuity of its users prevailed and instructions have proliferated online .
Even when an electronic device is not based on Linux , it is usually not long before hackers get Linux running on it , which then makes tweaking much easier .
The unofficial installation of Linux on Apple 's iPod music - player , for instance , led to the discovery of some hardware secrets within it .
Some iPods , it turned out , actually had the internal circuitry required to record high - quality audio , though this feature is usually unavailable .
Other hacks include the ability to run games and display pictures , even on older iPods .
Phillip Torrone of MAKE says this type of modification simply “ unlocks the piece of hardware that you paid for . ”
But in some cases , such hacks can undermine the manufacturer 's business model .
Consider games consoles , for example , which operate on a “ razor and blades ” principle .
Consoles are often sold at a loss , but console - makers receive a licence fee of a few dollars for each game sold — so provided each customer buys enough games , the console - maker eventually makes money .
When Microsoft launched its Xbox console in 2001 , hackers raced to install Linux on it , which transformed it into a low - cost , high performance media - playback system .
While this was a minority sport , anyone who did this without buying any games was , in effect , receiving a subsidy from Microsoft .
Little wonder , then , that the new Xbox 360 console features significantly beefed - up security measures .
A second example is the low - cost “ disposable ” digital cameras sold by CVS , an American pharmacy chain .
These cameras are designed to be used once and then returned to the shop , where , for a processing fee , the stored pictures or movies are returned to you on CD or DVD .
The cameras are then reset and resold .
Inevitably , however , hackers have figured out how to access and reuse the cameras themselves .
( One even ended up being installed in the nose of a small rocket . )
If enough people do this , the business model breaks down .
Clever hacking by a few , in other words , could lead to higher prices for the many .
But some companies , at least , have chosen to embrace hackers .
iRobot , the company behind the Roomba robot vacuum - cleaner , includes an external data connector in the device and has even documented how to use it .
While most customers appreciate their Roombas for their autonomous cleaning skills , there is also a small minority of users who want to reprogram them .
iRobot is one of the few firms to acknowledge and appreciate customers who like to tinker .
After all , there are few manifestations of feedback as heartfelt as someone who is willing to spend their own time and effort to improve a product .
