US TV viewers are exposed to an exhaustingly high quantity of TV commercials – that much we already know .
But now new research has revealed that one of the more achingly painful class of adverts – that of prescription drugs – is really doing very little for the drug companies themselves .
Unlike in most countries , the US allows direct to consumer advertising for prescription drugs .
( It is also allowed in New Zealand – though this , presumably , is a drop in the ocean compared to the disease laden US market ) .
Drug companies in the US have experimented with imaginative ways of marketing solutions to such uncomfortable conditions as acid reflux , irritable bowel and catastrophic bloating .
They have introduced an array of acronyms to gloss over unmentionables such as erectile dysfunction ( ED ) and to raise concerns over previously unknown conditions such as restless leg syndrome ( RLS ) .
And they have appended their messages with public safety warnings that run about the length of the Gettysburg Address .
But now we find out that the $ 3B they spent on TV ads during 2005 essentially came to naught .
A team of researchers from Harvard and the University of Alberta reported today that direct to consumer advertising does little to encourage sales .
Their study , reported in the British Medical Journal , concluded that too many things can go wrong in the chain of events between a consumer seeing the ad on TV and beating down their doctor 's door to get hold of the drug .
What Sneaky Business finds most intriguing is the assumption that if direct to consumer advertising is n't effective then drug companies would n't be doing it .
Turns out that " …. decisions to market direct to consumers are based on scant data " .
We assume that drug company executives are turning to their heartburn relief tablets in added quantities today with the release of this report .
Read about how Michelle Obama is well on her way to shaping a uniquely American style .
For more Michelle photos : Wife , mother , First Lady
By George Alagiah
BBC News , Lashkar Gah , Afghanistan
When the commander of British forces in Afghanistan tells you that " good enough " is the best that can be achieved here , you have to sit up and listen .
Brigadier Gordon Messenger is every inch a military man , which makes it all the more surprising to hear him settle for something that sounds suspiciously close to second best .
He would deny that characterisation of his words , but accepts there are limits to the Afghanistan project .
The Afghanistan British troops leave behind - and no - one is willing to commit to any timeline other than to repeat the mantra that it will take " many years " - is going to be an imperfect state .
Parts of it may well remain beyond the reach of central government in Kabul , and some of those responsible for the mayhem of the last 30 years could well retain much of their power and influence , perhaps even their militia .
New realism
It is a far cry from the beacon of democracy some had hoped for .
" I do n't think it will be recognisable in Western Europe , but Afghanistan will be something which will provide good enough security for the people .
I think good enough should be what we look for , " the brigadier said .
REPORTS FROM AFGHANISTAN
You can watch George Alagiah 's special TV reports on :
BBC One at 1300 , 1800 and 2200 GMT BBC News Channel BBC World News
You can also see more reports from our correspondents this week , including Caroline Wyatt on trauma and the military , and Ian Pannell on NATO airstrikes " It 's not second best , it 's realistic .
" There is a new realism in the air .
In fact , all that has happened is that the rhetoric is finally catching up with what is actually happening on the ground .
My guess is that ordinary Afghans have known for some time that the liberation of 2001 offered more promise than delivery .
While on a foot patrol with British troops in Lashkar Gah , I spoke to Javed Ameri and his brother Sharaga .
Their verdict on life in Afghanistan was gloomy .
Security remains an urgent concern for Afghans " It is less good now than it was five years ago , " I was told .
" Travelling on the roads there is no safety . "
And it was not just the bandits they were worried about .
" At night , even the police ask for money , " they said .
While there has been genuine progress in retraining the Afghan National Army , the police force remains far more susceptible to local politics and is notoriously corrupt .
Further down the street , doctors at the busy Ibn Sina clinic told me the Taleban - supposedly vanquished in 2001 - were targeting medics .
" The government cannot give us the protection we need , " one said .
" Government forces and the international troops are just in the city but outside it is different . "
The Taleban may not rule in Kabul , but in large parts of this vast country - notably in the south - they remain a threat and retain the power to disrupt people 's lives .
They have largely given up the full - scale attacks on coalition positions - the assault on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah in October was stopped by a pre-emptive operation by Afghan forces and the British - and switched to attacks designed to undermine the government .
Clinics are an obvious choice , especially as health care represents a genuine success story .
Health care has proved to be one success story in Afghanistan According to figures published by the UN and the Kabul government , 85 % of the population now have access to some form of basic health care - defined as having a clinic within two hours walking distance .
It has to be said that any attempt to calibrate progress in this way is fraught with difficulties .
Nobody actually knows how many people there are in the country .
There has not been a census for decades and the one planned by the UN has been postponed to 2010 at the earliest .
Security may be an issue .
Malcontents
The ultimate test of the mission in Afghanistan is the extent to which there is tangible change in the quality of life for ordinary Afghans .
That is how the military mission is now defined .
No - one talks about a victory over the Taleban .
Indeed , the Taleban were never the only enemy .
Afghanistan 's fractured and violent history means there are any number of people with the power to take up arms .
It is time to dismantle the insurgency by opening up a dialogue
Sir Sherard Cowper - Coles
British ambassador
In depth : Afghanistan 's future
The old warlords who reduced parts of this country to rubble in the 1990s , the al - Qaeda networks with sanctuary in the tribal areas of Pakistan , and criminal elements comprise an explosive mix of malcontents confronting Hamid Karzai 's government in Kabul .
Given that backdrop , it is not altogether surprising that many more diplomats now accept the possibility of talking to the Taleban - though there are always plenty of caveats and conditions .
" It is time to signal to those prepared to accept the Afghan constitution , lay down their weapons and who are not linked to al - Qaeda that there 's a place for them in an Afghan political settlement , " says British ambassador Sir Sherard Cowper - Coles .
" It is time to dismantle the insurgency by opening up a dialogue . "
So that is the prospect .
Seven years after the defeat of the Taleban was being trumpeted as a victory over evil , they may once again be a part of the political landscape .
That will send shivers down the spines of all those who suffered at their hands .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Leading Online Platform for PC Games Extends PortabilityNovember 3 , 2008 - Valve , creators of best - selling entertainment products and advanced technologies , today announced the roll out of Steam Cloud , a set of services for Steam that stores application data online and allows user experiences to be consistent from any PC .
Steam Cloud is a free extension to Steam , a leading a platform for PC games with over 15 million accounts worldwide .
Steam Cloud support will ship with Valve 's Left 4
Dead demo later this week and the full game on November 18 .
In this first release , the information stored and accessible through the Steam Cloud includes keyboard , mouse , and gamepad configurations , as well as multiplayer settings such as spraypaint images .
The Steam Cloud will " just work , " meaning any user changes to their game options will propagate to the Cloud by default .
Upon logging into Steam from another PC , these settings will be brought down from the Cloud and automatically leveraged by the game .
Any configuration changes on this second machine are then synced to the Cloud for future sessions .
Steam Cloud will be available to all publishers and developers using Steam , free of charge , and Valve will add Cloud support to its back catalog of Steam games .
Cloud services are compatible with games purchased via Steam , at retail , and other digital outlets .
" For some time now , Steam has allowed gamers to log on from any computer in the world and access their applications .
This also makes it easy to upgrade a PC without worrying about losing your games , " said Gabe Newell , president and co-founder of Valve .
" Steam Cloud is a natural extension of the portability Steam affords gamers and developers , and we intend to expand its feature set as it is used in Left 4 Dead and other games coming to Steam . "
Federal law - enforcement officials cautioned that gun sales were extremely volatile .
Nationally , rifle and handgun sales surged 17 percent , for example , in May , compared with May 2007 , according to Federal Bureau of Investigation figures .
That was before Mr. Obama had clinched the Democratic nomination .
Sales then fell and were essentially flat by September compared with the year before , even as the campaign heated up , before rising 14 percent in October .
November figures were not yet available .
What is clear is that every gun seller  not to mention every advocacy group for gun ownership that depends on dues - paying members  has an incentive to stoke the concern that can prompt a gun sale .
Political uncertainty , gun dealers say , is great for business .
“ Clinton was the best gun salesman the gun manufacturers ever had , ” said Rick Gray , owner of the Accuracy Gun Shop in Las Vegas .
“ Obama ’s going to be right up there with him . ”
Sales at his shop doubled on Wednesday , Mr. Gray said , to more than 20 guns from three to 10 on a typical day .
Asked if that made him root for Democratic candidates , Mr. Gray said no .
“ It ’s not all about profits ; it ’s about what ’s he going to do for the country , ” he said , noting that he had supported Senator John McCain , who was the Republican nominee .
A National Rifle Association spokesman , Wayne LaPierre , dismissed the notion that the group had any incentive to increase gun sales or membership .
“ Ridiculous , ” Mr. LaPierre said .
“ I hope President - elect Obama keeps his promises and protects gun rights .
If he does that , we ’ll be cheering . ”
The political battle over guns raged fiercely throughout the campaign in many states where gun ownership is common .
On Monday , the day before the election , home - delivered copies of The Pittsburgh Post - Gazette arrived in plastic bags that said , “ Vote Freedom First ” and “ Defend Freedom  Defeat Obama . ”
The bags were paid for by the N.R.A. , whose initials were printed on each one .
LOS ANGELES  California , the nation ’s most populous state and the world ’s sixth - biggest economy , has warned the Treasury Department that it may need a $ 7 billion emergency loan from the federal government because it is running out of cash and has not been able to borrow more .
State officials said they hoped that the $ 700 billion federal bailout of the financial system approved by the House of Representatives on Friday would help open credit markets that have balked at providing the kind of short - term financing California and other states and local governments routinely rely on to keep operating .
But Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican , said at a news conference on Friday that the state “ is not out of the woods yet ” and in a few weeks could run out of cash to pay for basic services .
Mr. Schwarzenegger had sent a letter on Thursday night to Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , warning that the state might be forced to seek the emergency loan .
It is a well - known fact that each music school has a lot of students , but not all of them become famous and recognized around the globe .
So , that do you need to have to become a great musician ?
What are some of the characteristics necessary to possess to be the ‘ one and only ’ and the best in the music world ?
There are some various answers to this question .
Choice of music school is in the first place .
Be a student of a prestigious music school – have bright future !
Every country has many music schools in almost each of the towns , no matter how big they are .
Music teachers try to educate their students in various ways in the music courses .
However , all will agree that the reputation of the music school is one of the most important things when you choose about the future of your music education .
You can gain some music education at every music school , but there is a big difference .
The prestige and recognition in the world is not the same for some schools .
It is not connected with their size and the city , or country in which they are placed .
What really matters are the awards , music talents and the competition history of each of the schools .
Music courses in schools are modernized nowadays .
Music teachers try to follow the best trends in teaching their students at music schools .
The world has changed due to the Internet and its use , so music schools are ready to compete with other schools despite their previous reputation .
In addition to this , what is very valuable are personal characteristics of students at music schools .
Best of the best in the music world have to express and prove :
hard work
dedication
practicing
repetition
devotion
strong will
We must agree that all previously mentioned characteristics and doings are of equal importance in every music course .
They should be seen in the work of every prosperous music student at music school .
To make all this possible , various music courses are created to develop those skills constantly for every student at music schools .
Their aim is to improve the positive characteristics that each student possess and to make him and his knowledge recognizable not only in the mother country , but also world - wide .
Use your talent – be the best musician at music school !
One of the most important things is talent , of course .
It is a basic characteristic of every student at music school .
Without talent , learning about music in music courses could not be productive as it is supposed to be .
Music talent – “ ticket ” to every music school
If one has inborn talent for music , it is evident that the door of every music school is widely open to him .
This congenital music gift will obviously help a lot in every music course to the student .
He will grasp the knowledge easier .
The process of musical learning will be more productive , of course .
The music gift is something which can be recognized and ‘ discovered ’ when a person is very young .
We born with the great talent for music and in the course of our life we have to be ready to work on it .
Music kindergartens and preparatory music school departments
If one wants to hear the opinion of the music experts about the music gift of his child , he should take his kid to music kindergartens and preparatory music school departments .
There are several steps before the beginning of the music education and enrollment in the music courses .
Audition – pass it and become the student at music school !
Well - educated music teachers and music mentors test every candidate to see and hear if there is ‘ material ’ in the music sense on which they will be working in the future in every young candidate .
When they recognize that the child is really worth teaching in the musical sense , they make him sign in some of the music courses at music school .
This is the beginning of the music education and the way to become a great musician . …
Continue Reading →
Bruce Richall is an IT consultant based in the affluent Connecticut suburb of Westport .
He describes how the loss of his job at a multinational bank triggered a rapid spiral into poverty .
Having depleted his savings and unable to afford rent , he now sleeps in the back of his car .
I saw bank workers being escorted off the property , clutching their boxes .
It was very chilling to witness departing co-workers .
The bank where I worked had already undergone a series of lay - offs in the previous months .
I really liked my job and wanted to keep it .
I joined in February , and having worked for many years as an IT contractor - with its inherent instability - this position offered the potential of a full - time position .
It could become a " secure " job .
But when security guards made simple , routine rounds through the cubes and offices , people would look up from their desks .
There would be a sigh of relief as the guards kept going .
I never thought it would ever come down to this , but here I am - homeless
But it did n't happen this time .
On a Friday , my manager came to my desk .
Usually he came by to ask me if I could put in some overtime .
But , just by the look on his face , I could tell .
This was n't an overtime request .
This is it , I said to myself .
Sure enough , I was told that my last day would be the end of the month .
Though I did n't show it outwardly , I was devastated .
Westport is home to many of the US ' most well - heeled citizens
I would have another month before leaving so that I could start yet another job search .
I immediately contacted my agency to let them know that the assignment would be ending .
My last day at the bank was bitter - sweet .
There was a cake and a card .
We joked but inside I was truly frightened .
I asked myself what would happen to me now , in such a difficult job market ?
Would I become homeless ?
At the end of my last day , my manager came downstairs with me .
We had a cigarette and talked .
" Bruce , if I can get you back here , you know I will , " he said .
His words were kind and well - intentioned .
My life today has changed dramatically since my brief tenure with the bank .
Now I 'm facing a very uncertain future .
I now sleep in the back of my car , while I wait for a bed to become available at the shelter .
I call it The Hotel Honda
Global gloom :
Your stories
I 'm no longer collecting a nice pay check , going to work every day and returning home at night .
I 'm no longer a part of the team I so enjoyed working with .
Months passed as my savings gradually dwindled .
I was only collecting a small unemployment check from a low paying " between - jobs " job that I had prior to signing on with the bank .
I had to move from my apartment , put my belongings in storage and find a homeless shelter .
I now sleep in the back of my car , while I wait for a bed to become available at the shelter .
I call it The Hotel Honda .
What galls me the most is that about one third of my income is taxed .
I 'm taxed on what I earn and taxed on what I spend
I keep a good suit and a dress shirt in the back of the car for interviews .
I tell recruiters that I 'm working .
This is not the life I imagined for myself when I graduated from university .
I never thought it would ever come down to this , but here I am - homeless .
Unlike the Europeans , we in the US do n't have much of a social safety net .
My meagre unemployment income is too high to let me qualify for Social Services , yet far too inadequate to pay for my home , food , car , utilities and health insurance .
HAVE YOUR SAY I experienced the same thing years ago .
It does something to you when you live out of your car and have nothing .
I will forever be changed by it .
Robert , Wisconsin , USA
I have hypertension , yet I can't afford a doctor , the emergency room or vital medication .
I need a corrective eye surgery that I can't afford .
Even routine check - ups are out of reach .
My meals are taken at a soup kitchen .
This is poverty .
What galls me the most is that about one third of my income is taxed .
I 'm taxed on what I earn and taxed on what I spend .
Now that I 'm in need there is nowhere to turn .
Nobody is helping me except for my contributions to my unemployment account .
Yet our leaders have found a way to bail out the very institutions that have put myself , and others , at risk .
Following a couple of very high - profile attacks on suspected terrorists into Pakistan in recent days - both of which the Pakistanis say hit civilians instead - the Pakistani military has said it reserves the right to strike back .
General Tariq Majid , chairman of Pakistan 's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee , said cross - border strikes such as the one on Wednesday would alienate ethnic Pashtuns , who live on both sides of the border , and be counter - productive .
" Pakistan reserves the right to appropriately retaliate , " he told visiting German Defense Minister Franz Josef Jung .
Growing Pakistani hostility to their nation 's role in the US - led " war on terror " is n't just confined to the military , and may well be the reason behind a hurried top - level conference aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln in the Indian Ocean on Tuesday .
Participants included Admiral Mullen , General Petraeus and Pakistan 's military chief , General Kiyani .
“ The meeting was mainly to continue to discuss ongoing operations against extremists in the border region and to work together to find better ways to solve those problems , ” said one American military official who was briefed on the talks .
Admiral Mullen met with General Kayani just a month ago in Islamabad , Pakistan .
It was then that this week ’s meeting was scheduled , the military official said .
In Islamabad , he said , Admiral Mullen had bluntly warned General Kayani that Pakistan had to do more to combat militants in the restive tribal areas .
The gathering aboard the Abraham Lincoln was less confrontational in tone , aides said .
“ It was one of those meetings to help clear up the situation , get an understanding of the issues , and look for a way forward , ” said a senior Pakistani officer briefed on the discussions .
Military officials from both countries declined to say whether commanders had reached any new agreement to allow American Special Operations forces greater access to Pakistan ’s tribal areas to conduct missions to kill or capture top leaders of Al Qaeda who have found sanctuary there .
I find myself wondering if the threat to retaliate caused that new , less confrontational , tone .
The Pakistani threat to take up arms against it 's allies - and that really is a shocking development - should change everyone 's gameplan , and it will be interesting to see if that filters through to the policy statements of the presidential candidates .
( Meanwhile , Condi Rice is hailing the election of a mad , corrupt politician with with no previous executive experience as the new Pakistani president .
She told reporters " I 'm looking forward to working with him " .
Go figure . )
CNN 's Becky Anderson leads a roundtable discussion about security on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Dwindling property tax revenue has forced local governments in Michigan to look to motorists to refill their municipal budgets , according to a Detroit News analysis .
In 2002 , the city of Detroit issued a total of 126,007 traffic tickets .
Last year , that figure grew to 245,249 – a 94 percent jump .
The percentage increase was even greater in small towns like Plymouth , which saw the number of tickets skyrocket from 440 to 2,584 — up 487 percent — over the same period .
“ When I first started in this job thirty years ago , police work was never about revenue enhancement , ” Utica Police Chief Michael Reaves told the DetN .
“ But if you ’re a chief now , you have to look at whether your department produces revenues .
That ’s just the reality nowadays . ”
Utica issued 3540 tickets in 2003 and 5518 in 2007 — a 56 percent increase .
A few communities like Pontiac saw ticket revenue decrease in proportion to the number of police laid off , but eighteen jurisdictions overall reported a ticketing increase of more than fifty percent .
The National Motorists Association cited Detroit suburbs as home to the worst speed traps in the country .
“ When elected officials say , ‘ We need more money , ’ they ca n’t look to the department of public works to raise revenues , so where do they find it ?
Police departments , ” Police Officers Association of Michigan President James Tagnanelli told the News .
Other local police chiefs deny that they use ticket quotas and insist that their sole motivation is to increase public safety through ticketing .
Some state officials suggest the obsession with speed is misplaced .
“ I ’ve spent eight years in traffic services , and I was a crash reconstructionist for five years before that , ” Michigan State Police Lieutenant Gary Megge told the News .
“ So I ’ve seen my share of fatal wrecks , and I can tell you : Deaths are not caused by speeding .
They ’re caused by drinking , drugs and inattentiveness .
The old adage that speed kills just is n’t realistic .
The safest speed is the speed that is correct for that roadway at a given time .
A lot of speed limits are set artificially low . ”
The Michigan State Police advocates setting limits according to the 85th percentile rule .
This commonly accepted engineering principle is used to determine the legal limit by measuring how fast the vast majority of traffic , 85 percent , travel in safety .
“ It just does n’t seem right to me that we would enforce a law where 90 - 98 percent of the people are in violation of it , ” Lieutenant Megge told the News .
“ It ’s not the way we should do business in this country . ”
While Detroit police focused on increasing the number of traffic tickets by 94 percent , every category of serious crime increased significantly .
The total number of murders , rapes , robberies , assaults and burglaries increased by 19,370 — a 56 percent jump — between 2002 and 2006 .
1.1 K shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Cambodia is a country in Southeast Asia located along the Indochina peninsula .
It was once referred to as the Khmer Empire .
The country shares borders with a few other Asian countries like Thailand , Laos and Vietnam .
The overall population is at approximately 15 million with over 95 % of this practicing the Theravada Buddhism .
Explore what is in store for you when you travel to Cambodia in this travel guide .
The country is ridden with various sociopolitical issues with poverty being of top concern along with pervasive corruption .
There is also a lack of political freedom and human development in the country .
In fact , hunger continues to be a major problem faced by its citizens .
The agriculture industry is one of the pillars to the country ’s economy .
In addition , they also have a high trade activity involving textiles and garments .
The geographic landscape of Cambodia is characterized by a low - lying central plain .
It also features low mountains and uplands .
Among the most notable bodies of water in Cambodia are the Mekong River and Tonle Sap .
Currency : Cambodian Riel
Official Language : Khmer is the official language of Cambodia .
Wi -Fi Availability : Tourists can get free Wi -Fi access from every hotel or cafes in Cambodia so you can stay connected during your trip .
Airport/s : Phnom Penh International Airport is the main international airport for those who wish t travel to Cambodia .
Visa Required :
Only the citizens of the visa exempt countries can travel to Cambodia without a visa .
For other visitors , you need to have a valid passport with up to 6 months validity by the time of your travel .
Citizens from the Philippines , Indonesia , Laos , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam can enter Cambodia without visa for up to 30 days .
Driving :
The people of Cambodia drive on the right side of the road .
International Driver ’s License Accepted ?
You have to obtain a Cambodian driving license because your foreign - issued or international driver ’s license is not honored here .
Crime : Petty crimes are common in Cambodia and most of these target tourists .
These crimes include theft and pick - pocketing , which is obvious given the poverty rate in the country .
You should , therefore , take extra caution when walking around the streets of Cambodia .
Electrical Adapters : Cambodia ’s electrical sockets are powered by 230 volts and a frequency of 50 Hertz .
The citizens , however , use three types of plugs : A , C and G. s
Trivia : Cambodians rely heavily on mopeds for their daily transportation .
In Phnom Penh alone , there are over 1 million mopeds in a city with a population of 1.5 million people .
Cambodian Cuisine
The cuisine of Cambodia is characterized by offering a variety of flavors , temperatures , and textures .
Their dishes typically involve the use of pickled vegetables , herbs , leafy vegetables , edible flowers and dipping sauces .
And like most other Asian countries , rice is part of their staples .
In fact , there are several ways of preparing and serving rice in Cambodia .
Among the most popular ingredients used in Cambodian dishes is prahok .
This is a fermented fish paste that comes with a pungent aroma .
It comes with a distinctive taste and can be used to flavor a dish or as a dipping sauce .
Cambodians also love to use spices in their cooking .
Black pepper is the most commonly used type of spice in almost all types of cooking .
Meanwhile , cardamom and tamarind are also popular in Cambodia .
Travel to Cambodia : Tourist Attractions
Angkor Wat –
There is probably no other more famous attraction in Cambodia than the Angkor Wat .
This temple complex offers so many things to see and explore that you could not possibly see the entire complex in one visit .
Wat Phnom – This Buddhist temple is another popular attraction for tourists .
It is the tallest religious structure in Phnom Penh .
Angkor Thom –
This is one of the remaining structures from the Khmer empire .
This structure was built in the 12th century .
Bayon Temple – This temple is part of the Angkor Wat complex .
Preah Vihear Temple – This ancient Hindu temple was also built during the Khmer empire .
It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Cambodia Online Resources
Sponsored Link
A Biblical Concept of Marriage :
Warning : Updates may be required
In the context of heated debate about gay marriage , various politicians , preachers and pundits , from the smallest talk radio stations to the White House itself , are rising up with one accord to urge a hasty return to a " biblical " definition of marrige .
President Bush has asked for the public 's prayerful guidance as he seeks to find a legal remedy for recent court decisions that he finds disturbing .
If these advocates of " traditional " marriage actually consult their Bibles carefully , however , they may come away from a close reading of the sacred text with something less than a feeling of comfort .
If one were to construct an amendment to the Constitution based on a literal reading of the Bible it might well contain the following stipulations :
1. Marriage in the United States shall consist of a union between one man and one or more women .
( Gen 29:17 -28 ; II Sam 3:2-5 )
2. Marriage shall not impede a man 's right to take concubines , in addition to his wife or wives .
( II Sam 5:13 ; I Kings 11:3 ; II Chron 11:21 )
3 . A marriage shall be considered valid only if the wife is a virgin .
If the wife is not a virgin , she shall be executed .
( Deut 22:13 - 21 )
4. Marriage of a believer and a non -believer shall be forbidden .
( Gen 24:3 ; Num 25:1 - 9 ; Ezra 9:12 ; Neh 10:30 )
5 . Since marriage is for life , neither this Constitution nor the constitution of any State , nor any state or federal law , shall be construed to permit divorce .
( Deut 22:19 ; Mark 10:9 )
6 . If a married man dies without children , his brother shall marry the widow .
If he refuses to marry his brother 's widow or deliberately does not give her children , he shall pay a fine of one shoe , and be otherwise punished in a manner to be determined by law .
( Gen. 38:6-10 ; Deut 25:5 - 10 )
7 . In lieu of marriage , if there are no acceptable men in your town , it is required that you get your dad drunk and have sex with him ( even if he had previously offered you up as a sex toy to men young and old ) , tag - teaming with any sisters you may have .
Of course , this rule applies only if you are female .
( Gen 19:31 - 36 )
Perhaps a more contemporary standard measures up better against the ancient near eastern tradition than one might have expected .
Note : this is a slightly revised version of a satirical piece circulating on a variety of internet lists .
I have tried to trace this to its source , and have , as yet , been unsuccessful .
Charles Henderson
Charles Henderson
You are invited to join our Forum
and discuss any issues
pertaining to faith or the search for it .
Your comments are published here instantly .
CrossCurrents Forum
( To see the current list of topics your browser must allow Active Content ) CrossCurrents Recent Discussions
Please take a moment to let us know you were here !
Just send us an email to subscribe to our free newsletter .
Email Charles Henderson at The GodWeb
For those who prefer a form : Click here to subscribe .
If you want to talk with someone in person , please feel free to call 212-864-5436
The Rev. Charles P. Henderson is a Presbyterian minister and Executive Director of
CrossCurrents .
He is the author of God and Science ( John Knox Press , 1986 ) .
A revised and expanded version of the book is appearing here .
God and Science ( Hypertext Edition , 2005 ) .
He is also editor of a new book , featuring articles by world class scientists and theologians , and illustrating the leading views on the relationship between science and religion :
Faith , Science and the Future ( CrossCurrents Press , 2007 ) .
Charles also tracks the boundry between the virtual and the real at his blog : Next World Design , focusing on the mediation of art , science and spirituality in the metaverse .
For more information about Charles Henderson .
It is easy to defend one 's own freedom to disseminate unpopular ideas ( e.g. , atheism ) .
However , someone who supports freedom of speech must recognize that this freedom applies to those with whom we disagree as well ( e.g. , Christian extremists ) .
To defend my right to free speech while attempting to interfere with theirs is a clear example of hypocrisy .
Are some atheists guilty of just such hypocrisy ?
Perhaps .
Consider the atheist billboards slowly appearing in some American cities .
I think it is safe to say that most atheists support erecting such billboards , and even those who do not are likely to become upset with what looks like censorship when they are taken down .
But does not defending this in the name of free speech also require us to endure the most absurd Christian extremist billboards we can find ?
If we are really serious about free speech , we must recognize theists ' right to erect billboards promoting their beliefs .
We can respond to them , correct the misinformation they contain , produce our own alternatives , encourage discuss around them , etc. , but we cannot seriously call for their removal without betraying our own hypocrisy .
This can sometimes be a fine line to walk .
Suppose a Christian extremist raises a particularly objectionable billboard .
This is their expression of free speech .
You may complain loudly and often , as this is your expression of free speech .
Where the trouble begins is when someone with the power to do so acts on your complaints and removes the billboard .
This is what we all have a stake in avoiding .
It is clear to me that many Christians have a double - standard when it comes to free speech .
They embrace their freedom to spread their god delusion while opposing our attempts to normalize atheism and promote a secular worldview .
Their rationale is simple .
They believe that their delusion has beneficial effects on society and that any alternative is harmful .
Atheists are not immune to making the same mistake and often for the same reason .
LONDON : The next time you take your baby out for a stroll , avoid a forward - facing pram , for a new study has suggested that infants who face away from their parents in buggies could suffer lasting psychological harm .
Researchers at the University of Dundee have found that babies could be left ' emotionally impoverished ' if being pushed in buggies facing away from their parents .
This is because , according to the researchers , babies are less likely to be sleeping , laughing or interacting with their parents if they 're sitting in the popular forward - facing pushchairs , ' The Daily Telegraph ' reported .
And , what 's shocking is that the study also found that babies can have faster heart rates if they are unable to look at their carers while being pushed through the streets and may even have higher levels of stress .
The study 's lead author , Dr Suzanne Zeedyk , said : " Our data suggests that for many babies today , life in a buggy is emotionally impoverished and possibly stressful .
Stressed babies grow into anxious adults . "
For their study , the researchers observed 2,722 pairs of parents and kids in dozens of high streets across Britain .
They found that the direction of the buggy had a significant impact on the child 's behaviour , with 70 per cent of those in away - facing buggies remaining silent , compared with 43 per cent in forward - facing ones .
In addition , 27 per cent of the babies in away - facing buggies were asleep , compared with 52 per cent in face - to - face ones ; six per cent of the infants were turning round in a bid to attract their parents ' attention , while others were crying .
And , the mothers and fathers were half as likely to be talking to their children in away - facing buggies than in face - to - face ones , the study found .
Only one baby laughed during their trip in an away - facing buggy , compared with ten in a face - to - face model , while heart rates were slightly lower in the infants who were firsttaken out in away - facing buggies then switched to the more relaxing forward - facing pushchair .
The researchers also found the parents spoke an average of 15.50 sentences per minute when using toward - facing buggies , but just 6.11 in away - facing ones .
" It looks , from our results , that it is time that we began carrying out larger scale research on this issue .
Parents deserve to be able to make informed choices as to how to best promote their children 's emotional , physical , and neurological development , " Dr Zeedyk said .
During this presidential election cycle , there was a lot of talk about hope .
Hope for change .
Hope that the nation would turn from an abomination to an example of progress and enlightenment .
An Obama - nation .
That ’s all well and good , but Barack Obama is not the change .
Caution – Rant to follow :
At the root of much of our nation ’s troubles is this attitude of disconnect .
We still want to live our lives however we want , and somebody else will fix it , like the President , or Congress , or the FDA , or the Supreme Court .
It ’s not gonna happen .
When has bureaucracy and legislation ever really solved anything ?
There ’s a saying , “ Insanity is doing the same thing over and over , yet expecting different results each time . ”
As long as we Americans continue to support behemoth corporations , as long as we continue to eat the crap food sold to us by big agri-business , as long as we continue to drive our inefficient vehicles everywhere , as long as we continue to support the war machine , we ’re going to get what we ’ve always gotten .
Which is an abomination .
Change starts within .
When each of us is living in accordance with our own morals and principles , supporting the businesses and programs and ideas that resonate with our highest ideals , then we ’ll see change .
Not before .
We are the change .
We are the ones .
All of us .
I see lots of bumper stickers proclaiming “ Free Tibet ” ( ca n’t argue with that ) , but I feel like that ’s the easy thing to do – put a sticker on your car .
What ’s hard is to make a difference in our own community , our own village .
Heck , if we stopped buying so much crap made in China , maybe Tibet would have a chance .
Who knows ?
Let ’s start in our own neighborhoods and communities , and lend a hand to those in need .
Let ’s start by choosing to support those businesses that support the triple bottom line , that truly serve the needs of the comunity , not some invisible shareholder .
Let ’s not wait for President Obama .
Let ’s start at home .
Let ’s be the change that we want to see in the world .
Image : bobster1985 at Flickr under Creative Commons
Marijuana has many possible medical uses .
Positive effects are claimed for ailments such as cancer , AIDS , and glaucoma .
AIDS can cause a loss of appetite known as " wasting syndrome " , which can lead to drastic weight loss and weakness .
Chemotherapy used in the treatment of cancer causes nausea resulting in an inability to keep down food .
Marijuana 's healing nature for these two illnesses is a result of its ability to increase a person 's appetite as well as relieving nausea , allowing a patient to regain weight .
Marijuana reportedly helps glaucoma patients by reducing intraocular pressure that can cause damage to the eye .
AN ADVANCE LOOK AT THE REPUBLICAN OPPOSITION … .
It ’s only been a couple of days since Barack Obama was declared the president - elect , but it ’s hard not to notice that congressional Republicans are already striking a confrontational pose .
Take these ridiculous comments from Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl ( R ) .
Jon Kyl , the second - ranking Republican in the U.S. Senate , warned president - elect Barack Obama that he would filibuster U.S. Supreme Court appointments if those nominees were too liberal .
Kyl , Arizona ’s junior senator , expects Obama to appoint judges in the mold of U.S Supreme Court Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , David Souter and Stephen Breyer .
Those justices take a liberal view on cases related to social , law and order and business issues , Kyl said .
“ He believes in justices that have empathy , ” said Kyl , speaking at a Federalist Society meeting in Phoenix .
The attorneys group promotes conservative legal principles .
Kyl said if Obama goes with empathetic judges who do not base their decisions on the rule of law and legal precedents but instead the factors in each case , he would try to block those picks via filibuster .
Think about that .
The second highest ranking Republican in the Senate , just a few days after the election , is already talking about blocking Supreme Court nominations that have n’t been named , in response to Supreme Court vacancies that do n’t exist .
I ’d add , by the way , that Kyl was one of the conservative Republicans who , in 2005 , supported the “ nuclear option , ” which would have declared that filibustering a judicial nominee was against congressional rules .
That , of course , was when Bush nominees were in jeopardy .
At the risk of stepping on Atrios ’ toes , Jon Kyl is a pretty serious wanker .
The controversial paper has previously been labelled a " hate document " by gay groups .
The paper talks about the roles of men and women in bringing up children and the importance of marriage before warning about the so - called risks associated with allowing homosexual relationships in society .
It characterises homosexuality as a mental illness - gender disorientation pathology - and argues that people turn into gays and lesbians as a result of bad parenting .
" Gender disorientation pathology , as in the form of sexual addictions , is often a symptom of family dysfunction , personality disorder , father absence , health malfunction or sexual abuse , " the paper states .
It goes on to state that homosexuals are more likely to take drugs and be violent towards their partner .
" Evidence show that there are increased risks of drug abuse , partner violence , suicide and other problems associated with the homosexual lifestyle , " it states .
It also argues that children are under greater risk of sexual psychological abuse if they have a gay parent .
" The sad truth is , homosexual abuse of children is proportionately higher than heterosexual abuse of children .
It must be stressed that most homosexuals do not abuse children , and most are not pedophiles , but it seems a significant number do , and are , " the paper states .
When asked whether he stood by the contents of the document Mr Marsh told " absolutely ' ' .
Mr Marsh said he was not homophobic and the Fatherhood Foundation had given several gay and lesbian people awards for their work in the community .
" I hope we 're in a free society that still allows us to speak our mind .
I do n't wish any evil on anybody , '' Mr Marsh said .
" I 'm there for men's health and I 'm there to support the wonderful policy of men's health , '' Mr Marsh said .
Mr Williams told that he often did work for the Fatherhood Foundation but would " have to re-read the paper " before he could endorse its contents again .
Mr Williams told that he often did work for the Fatherhood Foundation but would " have to re-read the paper " before he could endorse its contents again .
Mr Williams said that while he did not support gay marriage , he did not discriminate against gay people .
" I have nothing against gays ... I admire a lot of really good gay people and have some gay friends , " Mr Williams said .
" Last year my brother died of cancer and there was a lovely gay couple that looked after him .
I 'm an indigenous person so I do n't discriminate against anyone . ''
Associate Professor Anne Mitchell from Gay and Lesbian Health Victoria at the University of La Trobe said that she thought the document amounted to gay hate literature .
Associate Professor Anne Mitchell from Gay and Lesbian Health Victoria at the University of La Trobe said that she thought the document amounted to gay hate literature .
" Our research shows that young gay men are experiencing a lot of violence and abuse and the more extreme the violence and the abuse is the more likely they are to self - harm .
It was not appropriate for its authors to be associated with promotion of men's health , she said .
Loading " These are not small issues in relation to men's health and I do not believe we can afford the cost of having given these kind of views being given more oxygen , '' Associate Professor Mitchell said .
Nicola Roxon 's office was yet to comment to on the matter .
Australians are proud of their wildlife , which is not only the oddest in the world , but also the most dangerous .
That 's not to say that it 's a dangerous country , because most animals do not go out of their way to attack people .
You just do n't want to take any chances by provoking the native species .
Jellyfish
There are many species of box jellyfish native to Australia , the Philippines , and other tropical areas .
Some are not dangerous to humans , but one species , Chironex fleckeri , is the world 's most venomous animal .
The sting from this particular species can cause death in minutes !
If stung by a box jellyfish , apply vinegar before removing the tentacles , or it will inject more venom .
That 's why Australians take vinegar along when swimming at some beaches during jellyfish season .
Bird
The Guiness Book of World Records lists the cassowary as the world 's most dangerous bird .
They live in the tropical areas of New Guinea and northern Australia , where it is an endangered species .
Cassowaries are bad tempered birds that can grow to 6 feet tall .
They are strong and swift and attack with razor - sharp claws .
Although the last cassowary - related death was in 1926 , many people have been badly injured by these birds .
Image by Paul IJsendoorn .
Shellfish
Barrier Reef cone shells include 80 species found in Australia .
They are pretty shellfish with sharp teeth that can penetrate clothing .
Their venom is a neurotoxin that can kill a human , and there is no antivenin .
Medical facilities can help a victim breathe until the toxin is cleared from the body .
Octopus
The world 's most venomous octopus is , of course , found in the waters off Australia ( as well as Asian seas , as far north as Japan ) .
The blue - ringed octopus is yellow with black and bright blue rings on its surface .
It 's a tiny creature , about the size of a golf ball , but contains a neurotoxin powerful enough to kill humans .
There is no antidote , but victims who reach medical help often recover if breathing is assisted until the venom dissipates .
Image by Jens Petersen .
Snake
The inland taipan , also known as the fierce snake , is the most venomous snake in the world .
It is found in the dry regions of central Australia .
The taipan 's venom is toxic enough to kill 100 humans with the dose found in a single bite .
This snake lives on mice and small rodents and is not aggressive towards humans .
People have been bitten when a taipan feels threatened .
No human deaths have been recorded from the taipan 's bite , thanks to treatment with taipan antivenin produced by the Australian Reptile Park .
Australia is home to many other species of highly venomous snakes .
Image by AllenMcC .
Spider
There are many different kinds of spiders in Australia .
The Sydney funnel - web spider ( Atrax robustus ) has a reputation for its nasty venom .
These spiders act aggressively when approached .
The male spider 's venom is five times as toxic as the female's .
A bite will lead to muscle spasms , shock , and brain damage , but is easily treated with antivenin .
The redback spider is another Australian spider to watch out for .
It resembles ( and is related to ) the black widow spider .
Crocodile
Since the dinosaurs are gone , the saltwater crocodile is the world 's largest reptile .
The average croc is about 15 feet long , but they can grow to over 20 feet !
Australians call them " salties " .
Death by crocodile is rare ; there are only a couple of fatalities every year in Australia .
That 's more than enough .
Fish
Scorpion fish that live near the Australian coasts are the world 's most poisonous fish .
They have glands containing neurotoxins at the base of their fins , which they use only in defense .
Scorpion fish are found in tropical waters all over the world , but are most concentrated in Australia .
They are small and approachable , but if you step on one , you 'll need to seek immediate medical treatment .
They are also edible , and considered to be a delicacy .
Image by CW Ye .
Bear
The drop bear ( Phascolarctos carnivorous ) is a truly scary animal .
A marsupial native to Australia , it is a vicious carnivore that attacks its prey by hiding high in a tree and dropping onto unsuspecting bystanders .
Photos of a drop bear show a startling resemblance to a koala , which is how the sneaky beasts fool you into standing under their trees .
See the drop bear in action in this video .
The most important thing to remember about drop bears is that they only bite tourists .
QUOTE ( Hillary @ Sep 10 2008 , 09:23 AM )
Congrats on that emily
It seems like a good program .
How many programs did you joined ?
QUOTE
Date : 2008-11-09 03:08:53
Batch : 5576771
From Account : U2517138
thanksprograms i join are all listed here : http://www.rexiu.com/hyip.asp you are welcomeand paid of today
Reader Dave writes
I ’m appalled that Proposition 8 passed , and did so largely because of the out - of - state dollars dumped into California by the Mormon church .
We need to do something in response to this .
I propose organizing a boycott of the state of Utah , not unlike the boycott of Colorado in the early 1990s .
There need to be repercussions for the actions of the LDS church .
Thoughts ?
dave
In the 90s , we had some real boycotts of states that chose hate over tolerance , and it hurt .
Bad .
We targeted tourism and conventions , particularly .
And it worked .
Perhaps we need to revisit this tactic .
A lot of people visit Marriotts , and have an easy choice to go elsewhere .
And there ’s great skiing in Colorado too .
What are Utah ’s top industries , top money makers , top companies ?
What business are connected to the Mormon Church besides Marriott ?
Who were the top donors to the hate amendment in California ?
Any big companies ?
Any donors associated with big name - brand companies ?
Perhaps it ’s time to make Utah , Marriott , and the Mormon Church the Cracker Barrel of 2009 .
After last year introduced the R8 bed ( a R8 460 horsepower ) , the German tuner PPI will bring this year ’s Essen Motor Show a much improved version of that model .
It will be called PPI Razor GTR and , naturally , will have more power but also a low weight .
PPI Razor GTR will have 580 horses ( at 7400 rpm ) and 1330 kg .
As a performance model is accelerating from 0 to 100 km / h in just 3.7 seconds and reaches a maximum speed of 332 km / h .
PPI Razor GTR at Essen Motor Show
And that ’s not all : PPI Razor GTR benefits from an aerodynamic kit , rims of 19 inches on the front and 20 inches in the rear tires Michelin Pilot Sport 2 , performance braking system and adjustable hydraulic suspension , while the interior skin find Onyx and Nubuck inserts carbon fiber .
Last night , in the shower , I realized that my collision detection routine could be even faster .
Here is a representative snippet of code from my previous post :
d2 = ( x - self .x [ 0 : i ] ) *( x - self . x [ 0:i ] ) + ( y - self .y [ 0 : i ] ) *( y - self.y [ 0:i ] ) + ( z - self .z [ 0 : i ] ) *( z - self.z [ 0 :i ] )
For some reason , I used the code ( x - self .x ) * ( x - self . x ) instead of ( x - self . x ) * * 2 . Upon further reflection , I realized that ( x - self .x ) * ( x - self . x ) computes the difference between array elements twice , and then multiplies the results .
Using a “ power function ” should enable the interpreter to compute the difference only once , and then multiply each element times itself .
Here is the updated code , using Python ’s power operator :
d2 = ( x - self .x [ 0 : i ] ) ** 2 + ( y - self.y [ 0 : i ] ) ** 2 + ( z - self.z[ 0 :i ] ) **
2
The previous version of the code ran in 46.3 seconds on a representative problem –the updated version ran in only 35.8 seconds on the same problem .
That ’s a pretty good improvement .
Out of curiosity , I decided to try Numpy ’s power ( ) function in place of Python ’s power operator :
two = i d2 = power ( x - self . x [ 0 :i ] , two ) + power (y - self .y [ 0:i ] , two ) + power ( z - self . z [ 0 :i ] , two ) nt_ ( 2 )
This version took 55.5 seconds to execute .
Using a Numpy integer scalar instead of a Python integer made no difference .
Numpy ’s power ( ) function is quite sophisticated –it can take two array arguments and compute element - by - element powers .
I suspect that this flexibility results in some overhead that slows it down compared to Python ’s built - in power operator .
LEVELS of cannabis use in Europe remain high by historical standards , according to a new report on drug use from the EU 's drug - monitoring arm .
Around a quarter of all Europeans aged between 15 and 64 , or some 72 m people , have tried cannabis .
The Dutch are not the keenest spliff smokers in Europe , despite lenient laws : the Danes , French and Britons are most likely to have puffed on a joint at some point in their lives .
The highest levels of usage are reported among people between the ages of 15 and 24 .
Shutterstock
In thinking through the fiscal policy options and their implications , it might be useful to compare a few hypothetical , fanciful scenarios .
Suppose that the federal government borrows some money and then ... Case A : uses the money to give a lump - sum payment ( such as a tax rebate ) to Joe Average , who chooses to spend his free time sitting at home watching Mork and Mindy reruns .
Case B : uses the money to hire Joe to sit at home and watch Mork and Mindy reruns .
Case C : uses the money to hire Joe to sit at home and watch Family Feud reruns , which Joe does not enjoy quite as much as Mork and Mindy .
In all the cases , Joe will spend some of the money he gets on consumer goods and services , leading to a Keynesian multiplier .
But those knock - on effects are the same in the three cases , so we can put those aside for now .
Let 's begin by comparing cases A and B .
These two scenarios are identical in terms of final allocations and economic welfare .
Joe is doing the same thing , and all the money flows are the same .
But note that the macroeconomic statistics would be different .
In Case B , Joe is employed producing a government service .
If we used standard data to compare Case B with Case A , Case B would show more hours worked and a higher Gross Domestic Product .
Now look at Case C . It has the same employment and GDP as Case B , but welfare is strictly lower .
Joe is , after all , less happy watching Family Feud .
Comparing Case C with Case A , therefore , we see greater employment , greater GDP , and lower welfare .
Usually , GDP is a reasonable proxy for economic well - being , so more is better , but that is not true in this example .
Part of the problem here is that GDP includes government purchases at cost .
If the government hires people to produce stuff that is worthless , that stuff is included in GDP just as much as if the government buys something valuable .
When calculating GDP , the national income accountants do not pass judgment on the social utility of government spending .
Anyone concerned with economic well - being has to go beyond thinking about GDP .
The moral of the story :
If the government spends a fiscal stimulus package on goods and services without much public value ( as in Case C ) , it could well stimulate the economy as measured by macroeconomic aggregates but leave the participants in the economy worse off ( compared with a feasible alternative , Case A ) .
Avoiding this trap requires that the government spend taxpayers dollars only those items that pass a strict cost - benefit test .
That is hard to do quickly .
Willy - nilly spending is a good way to stimulate the economy only if the outcome is judged by the wrong metric .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The current global economic climate has not prevented some of the well - heeled spending their money on luxury items at a millionaires ' fair .
The millionaires ' fair began in 2002 but it is the first time Germany has hosted the exclusive event .
Wendy Urquhart reports .
Making your own vegetable broth is wonderfully easy and blissfully imprecise .
There is only 20 minutes of active time , it does n’t really require a recipe , it uses up those veggies in your fridge you ’ve been meaning to eat , it tastes great , it stores easily , and is highly customizable .
Still have n’t convinced you ?
Well let ’s talk for a moment about broths you find in the store .
Cook ’s Illustrated did a taste test of 10 veggie broths for their May / June 2008 issue and I found the results surprising .
Only one brand was remotely acceptable .
Five of their broths were certified organic ; not one of those was the winner .
Here ’s a quote that might get you thinking about making your own broth at home :
If the vegetables you start with are not top notch , or if you ’re using scraps and peels * , extended cooking can enhance and concentrate any undesirable flavors in the vegetables … .
Sure enough , our testers noticed sour , bitter , even “ rotten ” notes in each of our so - called stocks in our lineup .
And the organic broths ?
… moderate sodium content and the lack of flavor - enhancing additives helped land nearly all of the organic brands at the bottom of the rankings .
These broths shared lack - luster–even off - putting –flavors that tasters likened variously to “ weak V8 , ” “ musky socks , ” and “ brackish celery water . ”
The winner of the taste test has the highest salt content , high fructose corn syrup , MSG , disodium inosinate , and other additives you probably do n’t want in your broth .
The lowest ranking broth , an organic brand , only has salt as a flavor enhancer , but was described as “ terrible tasting , ” “ tastes like dirt , ” “ like musky socks in a patch of mushrooms , ” and “ rotten . ”
How does making your own broth sound now ?
Pretty good , huh ?
As I said earlier , making vegetable broth is blissfully imprecise .
I ’ll provide the recipe I made up , but please use it as just a guideline to get you started .
If you ’re part of a CSA and the fall harvest of veggies has you overwhelmed , simply put the veggies you ca n’t figure out how to eat in your broth .
I would say there are only three required vegetables for your stock : onions , carrots , and celery .
Onions , carrots , and celery are known collectively as mirepoix , a classic part of french cuisine .
All of these vegetables are aromatics , and you ’ll realize that as soon as you start cooking them together ; suddenly your kitchen smells like thanksgiving .
You can fancy it up a bit if you feel like it by using parsnips instead of carrots , leeks instead of onions , or celeriac instead of celery .
Mirepoix is a great culinary trick to keep up your sleeve ; it ’s a great starting point for many many recipes , especially soups and sauces .
It ’s not called the holy trinity of French cuisine for nothing .
* Scraps and peels are fine to use when they ’re your own , fresh scraps and peels .
I think the article is referring to leftover vegetable reject pieces from other food manufacturing processes that are n’t the best quality , or the freshest .
I think it ’s worthwhile to invest in fresh onions , carrots , and celery ( none of which are all that expensive ) for the broth , but other additions can be scraps from other meals you ’ve prepared , or veggies that you do n’t have any better plans for .
Vegetable Broth
Makes about 10 Cups of Broth
Minimalist Broth
2 - 3 Tbs Olive Oil
1 - 2 Large Onions , chopped
1 lb Celery , Chopped
1 lb Carrots , washed but unpeeled , chopped
3 Whole Cloves Garlic
1 Bay Leaf
10 Whole Black Peppercorns
2 tsp Salt
1/4 Cup Low Sodium Tamari
1 Gallon Water
I also added , because I could
2 Parsnips , chopped
2 - 3 Tbs Tomato Paste ( or one or two tomatoes )
A few Sprigs Rosemary ( parsley is more traditional , use a lot ! )
1 Head Broccoli ( a strange but decent choice )
1 Sweet Potato ( another odd choice , whatever )
You might also have or want to use
Any fresh veggie scraps from other meals
Leeks
Mushrooms
Celery Root
Potatoes
Peppers
Turnips
Any Greens
Zucchini
Fennel
You see what I mean ?
If it ’s clean and fits in the pot , it can go in .
Minimal chopping , no peeling , just in the pot it goes !
Heat a large stock pot with some olive oil in the bottom .
I chop my way through the vegetable list as I ’m cooking –so once the onion is chopped , add it to the pot , then do the celery , the carrots , etc , adding each thing once it ’s chopped up a bit .
When you ’re out of stuff to add , pour in the water , turn up the heat and cover .
It should only take you about 20 minutes to chop everything and get it in the pot .
From then on out it ’s easy street .
Cook for 1 hour , turning the heat down a bit once the whole thing starts boiling .
After an hour , it looks more like this :
I finish my broth by adding salt / tamari / soy sauce to taste and letting it simmer uncovered for another 20 - 30 minutes to concetrate the flavors .
The final broth :
Strain the veggies out into a large pot :
I further strained it through cheesecloth into a pitcher :
The pitcher makes it easy to pour some of the broth into ice cube trays for easy storage .
Ice cubed size chunks of broth make for easy defrosting and easy recipe additions :
The broth will keep about a week in your refrigerator , and two good months in your freezer .
If you cook for the holidays , it ’s a good time to make some veggie stock and put it up now to use for all your upcoming holiday meals .
You ’ll thank yourself for being prepared , and your food will be that much more delectable !
ROBOTEDDY
Apparently the US military is developing a robot that can run into battle and save wounded soldiers .
What is strictly awesome about this is that they are giving it a teddy bear head so that it is comforting to the puny humans it rescues .
This strikes me as just so incredibly awesome I can't even describe it .
It 's a pretty cool robot besides .
It can walk in case it needs to go up stairs or stuff , it can kneel to use treads for speedy traversal of uneven ground , and it can somehow switch to using wheels when that 's appropriate .
AND IT HAS A TEDDY BEAR HEAD
A new release of pugs , the world ’s first Perl 6 implementation , has occured , and the Arch Linux packages for Pugs have been updated to build with both ghc 6.8.x and ghc 6.10 ( now in the [ testing ] repository ) .
$ pugs ______ / __ / __ __ ______ ______ ( P)erl 6 __// / / __ / ___ ( U) ser 's / _ / ___ ( G) olfing __ ____/ ____ / _____ ( S)ystem /__/ /___/ /___/ /____/ /____/
Version : 6.2.13.11 /___/ Copyright 2005 - 2008 , The Pugs Contributors
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Web : http://pugscode.org/
Email : perl6-compiler@perl.org
Welcome to Pugs -- Perl6 User 's Golfing System Type :h for help .
Loading Prelude ... done . pugs > 1 + 2 3
The main changes required were to the haskell - pugs - compat , haskell - pugs - drift 2.2.3.0 - 2 and haskell - hssyck 0.44 - 2 packages to add “ –constraint= ’ base < 4 ′ ” to ensure they built with the correct base version .
Enjoy the distro packages for your favorite Haskell applications .
Obama 's Priority : Chief of Staff , Treasury Secretary Obama indicates that he will have several Republicans on his team .
Nov. 5 , 2008  --
The jubilant crowd of an estimated quarter - million people had barely cleared out of the victory party in Chicago when President - elect Barack Obama began shaping his administration .
Obama offered the job of chief of staff to Rep. Rahm Emanuel , ABC News ' Jake Tapper reported today .
Emanuel , a veteran of President Clinton 's administration and a close political ally of Obama 's from Chicago , has n't immediately given his answer .
Obama likes that Emanuel knows policy , knows politics and knows Capitol Hill and has told associates that he knows Emanuel will " have his back , " ABC News ' chief Washington correspondent George Stephanopoulos said of the offer .
Pausing to Celebrate , Obama Looks Ahead
Obama did n't have time to savor his history - making victory over Republican John McCain that made him America 's first black person to win the White House .
The Illinois senator amassed 338 electoral votes to McCain 's 162 , although three states -- Missouri , Indiana and North Carolina -- remain too close to project .
In a Rose Garden statement today , President Bush congratulated Obama on his " impressive " victory and noted the historic significance of electing the country 's first black president .
" No matter how they cast their votes , all Americans can be proud of the history that was made , " Bush said .
" It will be a stirring sight to watch Barack Obama ; his wife , Michelle ; and their two beautiful daughters step over the threshold of the White House , " he said .
The president acknowledged " we are embarking on a period of change in Washington " and promised his " complete cooperation " in the transition in the next two months .
The sweeping triumph , which included winning six states that had voted Republican in 2004 , triggered euphoric crowds to turn out in Chicago , where Obama claimed his victory , as well as in New York City 's Times Square and Harlem , and on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington , D.C .
By the time the dancing in the streets had ended , names were being bandied over the airwaves about whom Obama would name to his Cabinet .
The president - elect has signaled that he will rely heavily on former members of Clinton 's administration and that he plans to include several Republicans on his team .
His transition team will be headed by Clinton veteran John Podesta , his current Senate chief of staff Pete Rouse , and Obama confidante Valerie Jarrett .
Tapper reports that the team will include former Clinton Cabinet members William Daley and Fredrico Pena , as well as Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano .
Obama intends to quickly settle on a secretary of treasury to help bring stability to the country 's shaky economy .
" If people think there is a direction , a vision , a plan that we 're moving forward , you can change the psychology , help the markets to settle down , " Clinton 's former chief of staff Mack McLarty told " Good Morning America . "
Timothy Geithner , president of New York 's Federal Reserve Bank , and Larry Summers , the former treasury secretary in the Clinton administration , are believed to be the leading contenders .
Obama Intends to Have Some Republicans in Cabinet
" We 're going back to an old role for secretary of treasury where they are the chief economic spokesman and chief economic formulator , " Ken Duberstein , President Reagan 's former chief of staff , told " GMA . "
Stephanopoulos said that Obama is also likely to appoint an emergency economic committee that could include heavyweights like former Treasury Secretary Bob Rubin ; former head of Clinton 's council of economic advisers Laura Tyson ; maybe former Federal Reserve Board chair Paul Volcker ; and maybe even billionaire investor Warren Buffett .
Nevertheless , American and European markets fell slightly Monday morning and U.S. markets fell upon opening .
There is pressure on Obama to quickly designate other top spots and he is expected to move fast to designate secretaries of defense and state .
" Campaigns are long and arduous .
Transitions are fast and chaotic , " McLarty said .
" He needs to put everything in place so that he can hit the ground running on Jan. 20 , " Duberstein said .
Obama is expected to move quickly to name three or four top spots in his administration : chief of staff and the secretaries of treasury , defense and state .
Stephanopoulos reported that Obama is also committed to having Republicans in his administration and that he will likely reach out to McCain to find some issues they can work on together .
Defense Secretary Bob Gates is expected to be asked to stay on the job .
" It would make good sense for our country and the beginning of an Obama administration , " Duberstein said .
Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel may be a backup contender for the job .
Republican Sen. Dick Lugar is believed to be on a short list for secretary of state , but he must contend with the ambitions of Massachusetts Sen.
John Kerry and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson .
Kenya Declares a Public Holiday in Obama's Honor
Congratulations poured for Obama from around the world .
The president of Kenya , the home country of Obama 's father , declared a public holiday in Obama 's honor .
In Indonesia , where Obama lived as a child , hundreds of students at his former elementary school erupted in cheers when he was declared winner and poured into the courtyard where they hugged each other , danced in the rain and chanted " Obama ! Obama ! "
Some of the congratulations came tinged with warnings .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev applauded Obama 's victory and said he hoped the two countries could have constructive dialogue .
Afghanistan 's president accompanied his message with a demand that Obama put an end to civilian casualties by American forces .
ABC News ' Claire Shipman and Jake Tapper and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Ferguson , MO — ColorOfChange.org is supporting the Organization for Black Struggle among other partners in a national mobilization demanding full accountability for the police killing of Mike Brown and systemic reforms to end militarized , abusive , and violent policing targeting Black and brown communities across the country .
The mobilization will take place from October 10 - 13 and will include a National Rally and March on Saturday .
Additional events to be announced .
For details see : FergusonOctober.com
In support of the mobilization , Rashad Robinson , Executive Director of ColorOfChange.org , issued the following statement :
“ It is outrageous that Officer Wilson has not been arrested nearly two months after murdering Mike Brown .
We see this type of denied justice time and time again after law enforcement brutalize Black and brown people , and we will not remain silent in the face of such devastating injustice .
The current grand jury is a farce , and nearly 1 million ColorOfChange members and our allies support Mike Brown ’s family and the Organization for Black Struggle in their demand for full accountability for the police murder of Mike Brown .
“ This is a historic moment ; thousands are expected to attend this weekend ’s mobilization to build power for a national movement to end discriminatory and violent policing .
The horror and pain of losing a loved one to senseless and racially motivated police violence is a daily threat to Black Americans .
We demand systemic , national reforms to stop law enforcement across the country , driven by racist and dehumanizing stereotypes , from systematically stopping , arresting , and killing our children and families .
“ Justice in Missouri begins with justice for Mike Brown .
Federal , state , and local officials all have a role to play in ensuring accountability and an end to the policies and practices that led to his tragic death .
At the very least Gov. Nixon must intervene to restore integrity to Missouri ’s criminal justice system and appoint a special prosecutor immediately to prosecute the case against Darren Wilson .
In all the Fergusons across the country , we demand effective civilian oversight of local and state law enforcement , an end to the War on Drugs ’ policing tactics , improved collection of data on police use of force , and the expansion of community based policing that honors the lives , safety , and dignity of all people . ”
###
With more than 900,000 members , ColorOfChange.org is the nation ’s largest online civil rights organization .
The Personal Tilt - Rotor
An ambitious aircraft concept combines the speed of a plane , the agility of a helicopter and the efficiency of a hybrid car
Turley : Late Bush move ' almost sign of contempt ' for election results David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday November 13 , 2008
Print This Email This Constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley describes George Bush 's intention to finalize 90 last - minute federal regulations , many of them on particularly sensitive issues , as " akin to fouling a water - well ... almost a sign of contempt for the results of the election . "
In an appearance Wednesday on Countdown with Keith Olbermann , Turley explained , " This is the ultimate dead - hand control .
...
What a president can do is , by finalizing a regulation , he can force his successor to go through an entirely new regulatory process that can take years . "
" What the means in real terms , " Turley noted , " is that you can have an Obama administration that continues to carry out George Bush 's directives .
And for people who elected Obama for change , that 's a particularly obnoxious reality to accept . "
Turley explained that the regulations in question are not the same as executive orders , which " are easier to undo .
A President Obama can come in with his own superseding executive orders . "
However , once a federal regulation has been in effect for 60 days it can no longer simply be reversed by presidential action .
This means that as of January 20 , President Obama will be unable to undo any regulations finalized by November 22 .
" We 're talking about environmental regulations , a lot of issues that the public clearly indicated they wanted a change on , " Turley continued .
He observed that " President Bush has a certain benefit in being the least popular president in modern history .
...
That seems to , in a strange way , have freed up his subordinates , where they are trying to just run the table and move every regulation , executive order they can to try to create this control . "
However , as Politico pointed out on Wednesday , the " little - known " Congressional Review Act ( CRA ) of 1996 was passed to address just such a situation and will allow Congress to undo these last - minute regulations " with a joint resolution that cant be filibustered in the Senate . "
" It creates something of a fiction , " Turley said of the CRA .
" It says if you push it through in the final days of your administration , it wo n't be considered final until the new Congress comes in .
... Congress gave itself extra time to reverse it . "
" The key here , however , is time , " Turley continued .
" We 're not going to have a lot of time , and we 're talking about a lot of regulations and a lot of executive orders .
And that 's why Obama reportedly has a team of dozens of people who are trying to unravel this very complex web of executive orders and regulations . "
Olbermann asked whether late January will see Congress handling " a flurry of legislations in which a dozen of these are repealed at the same time -- or one giant Get Rid of Bush Bill ? "
" They could do it in an omnibus manner like that , " stated Turley , " and I suspect that they may have to . "
" Congress ... is going to be dealing with literally hundreds of executive orders and regulations and also hundreds of signing statements by this president , " Turley concluded .
" And eventually , they going to have to tackle each one of those individually to give Obama the right to direct his own administration . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , broadcast Nov. 12 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Most nights it ’s possible to look skyward with a pair of cheap binoculars and see a $ 100,000 mistake circling the Earth .
The glowing object -- an orbiting NASA tool bag -- was lost last month by an astronaut during a routine spacewalk .
The canvas - and - acrylic caddy contained two grease guns , a scraper , a trash bag and some wipes , hardly cutting - edge technology .
So why did it cost $ 100,000 ?
NASA officials said they had no answer to that question -- beyond the fact that , as spokesman Allard Beutel put it , “ space flight is expensive . ”
That expense is drawing serious scrutiny from the incoming administration of President - elect Barack Obama .
Of 74 questions submitted to the agency by Obama ’s NASA transition team , more than half asked about basic spending issues , including cost overruns .
Advertisement
It ’s clear that NASA ’s long - standing inability to manage its money has attracted the team ’s attention .
For nearly two decades , NASA and its out - of - this - world projects have made a “ high - risk ” list compiled by government auditors because of cost overruns totaling millions -- sometimes billions -- of dollars .
The designation applies to programs that are “ impeding effective government and costing the government billions of dollars each year , ” according to the Government Accountability Office , a federal watchdog agency .
NASA has been on this list since 1990 .
Advertisement
“ Our space program is running inefficiently , and without sufficient regard to cost performance , ” wrote Alan Stern , a former NASA associate administrator who has been mentioned as a possible replacement for Michael Griffin , the current NASA administrator .
In a recent op - ed piece in the New York Times , Stern called the cost overruns a “ cancer ” that has cost the agency ’s science program about $ 5 billion over five years .
Few missions seem immune .
In 1988 , when NASA engineers started designing the International Space Station , the orbiting complex was to cost $ 23 billion and be completed by 1996 .
Today , the cost has topped $ 100 billion -- and it still is not finished .
Another project , a science satellite named Glory , was conceived more than a decade ago to help scientists better understand how the sun and particles in the atmosphere affect Earth ’s climate .
Since 2007 , its cost has jumped by nearly one - third , from $ 169 million to $ 221 million .
Advertisement
NASA says that part of the problem is the cutting - edge nature of what it does .
“ We start these things out , and we admit up front we do n’t completely know how to do them .
That is what makes them interesting , ” Griffin said recently .
Agency officials said they had improved financial controls -- including forcing managers to better estimate costs .
But the problem is so bad that the Congressional Budget Office estimated that NASA ’s new moon rocket would go over budget by as much as $ 7 billion .
It based the estimate on an analysis of 72 other programs that blew their budgets by an average of about 50 % .
Advertisement
NASA often blames its contractors , saying aerospace companies promise too much for too little and then cannot deliver at the bid price .
Auditors say NASA does a poor job of policing the companies .
NASA is involved in a lawsuit with an auditing company hired to review NASA contracts .
The firm , Horn & Associates of Utah , says it has found millions of dollars in overpayments but was unable to get a full picture of the problem because NASA refused to let it see all its records .
In a complaint filed in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims , the firm cited one example in which a NASA employee at Johnson Space Center in Houston defended contractors , whom she called her “ customers , ” and refused to go after some of the companies to refund the money that was overcharged .
Advertisement
NASA disputes the claim and the incident at Johnson Space Center .
The Glory satellite ’s cost overrun is mainly because the manufacturer , Raytheon Co. , has blown the budget on one instrument : a sensor designed to measure tiny particles in the atmosphere , such as smog and volcanic ash .
NASA blames Raytheon for changing the team and the plant building the sensor .
“ Raytheon has acknowledged that the problems with the instruments are theirs , ” said Stephen Volz , a top official in NASA ’s earth science division .
“ We are relying on the contractors to live up to their contract , and we have to work with them . ”
Advertisement
But he said through a spokesman that , rather than penalize Raytheon for its performance , NASA struck a deal “ to share the financial burden of the additional costs required to complete the instrument . ”
Raytheon officials declined to comment .
The Obama transition team wants to know how many similar problems the agency has .
Its first question asks for a list of any programs that “ may be experiencing delays and / or cost overruns that have not been publicly reported , ” according to a copy of the questionnaire obtained by the Orlando Sentinel .
NASA is working to answer those questions -- but the Obama team simply could check the public record .
In its 2009 budget released this year , the agency named eight major projects that have significantly exceeded budget or deadline , including the Glory mission .
NASA finds it hard to estimate operational costs as well .
For example , the agency expects to retire the space shuttle in 2010 but has not told Congress how much that will cost in 2011 and beyond .
A key reason :
The agency still does n’t know .
Advertisement
On the campaign trail , Obama pledged to increase NASA ’s roughly $ 17 - billion budget by $ 2 billion -- but that was before the economic downturn turned into a meltdown .
With the budget deficit ballooning , a new administration might be reluctant to give more money to an agency with a history of managing it poorly .
Griffin and NASA did n’t help their case when the agency announced this month that its
Mars rover mission would be delayed two years and cost an additional $ 400 million .
That boosted the total cost of the Mars Science Laboratory to about $ 2.3 billion .
One early estimate for the car - sized rover , which would study whether Mars could support life , was $ 650 million , Stern said .
Advertisement
Griffin said NASA should n’t be evaluated by how well it estimated the cost of projects .
“ If we are to judge the worth of our work by our ability to estimate , then that is a standard I am not ready to apply or to accept , ” Griffin said .
“ We are always going to be on [ GAO ’s ] high - risk list , ” he said .
--
Advertisement
mmatthews@orlandosentinel.com
rblock@orlandosentinel.com
California GOP files FEC complaint over Obama 's visit to grandmother John Byrne
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This Oops .
In what the Washington Post called " perhaps the most ill - timed press release of the 2008 campaign , " the California Republican Party announced that they 'd filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission alleging that Sen.
Barack Obama had illegally funneled funds from his campaign account for his personal use .
The use ?
Visiting his dying grandmother , whose passing was announced this afternoon .
The GOP sent the release at 1:30 pm ET , a few hours before Obama 's grandmother 's death was announced .
" Obama for America violated federal law by converting its campaign funds to Senator Obama 's personal use , " the release stated .
" Senator Obama recently traveled to Hawaii to visit his sick grandmother .
This was the right thing for any grandson to do -- at his own expense -- but it was not travel that his campaign may fund . "
Federal law prohibits campaigns from using campaign funds for personal travel .
Obama 's campaign said beforehand that they had reviewed the trips with their lawyers and believed it was allowable .
Republicans , meanwhile , contend that because Obama did not campaign in Hawaii , it should not have been budgeted as a campaign expense .
Obama announced Monday that the grandmother who brought him up had died , aged 86 .
He flew to Hawaii to visit Madelyn Dunham 's side in Hawaii two weeks ago , fearing she would not live to see what polls suggest may be his triumph .
" It is with great sadness that we announce that our grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has died peacefully after a battle with cancer , " Obama said in a joint statement with his sister Maya Soetoro - Ng .
" She was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility , " he continued .
" She was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances . "
" She was proud of her grandchildren and great - grandchildren and left this world with the knowledge that her impact on all of us was meaningful and enduring , " he added .
" Our debt to her is beyond measure . "
On “ Meet the Press ” today , Colin L. Powell concluded his endorsement of Sen. Barack Obama by referring to the death of a Muslim soldier , Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan of Manahawkin , N.J. , who was killed in Iraq on Aug. 6 , 2007 , and whose remains were buried in Arlington .
He and three other soldiers , including a corporal from Washington Heights , were killed in Baquba after a bomb detonated while they were checking abandoned houses for explosives .
They served in the Stryker Brigade combat team of the Army ’s 2nd Infantry Division , based in Ft. Lewis , Washington .
Mr. Khan graduated from Southern Regional High School in Manahawkin in 2005 , and enlisted in the Army a few months later , spurred by his memories of the 9/11 terror attacks .
“ His Muslim faith did not make him not want to go .
It never stopped him , ” his father , Feroze Khan , told the Gannett News Service in a story printed shortly after his death .
“ He looked at it that he ’s American and he has a job to do . ”
Mr. Powell mentioned Mr. Khan ’s death to underscore why he was deeply troubled by Republican personal attacks on Mr. Obama , especially false intimations that he was Muslim .
Mr. Obama is a lifelong Christian , not a Muslim , he said .
But , he added , “ The really right answer is , what if he is ? ”
“ Is there something wrong with being Muslim in this country ?
No , that ’s not America , ” he said .
Mr. Khan ’s death came to his attention , Mr. Powell said , when he saw a photo essay in a magazine about the deaths of American soldiers in Iraq .
One picture showed a mother pressing her head against the gravestone of her fallen son in Arlington cemetery .
It was the grave of 20 - year - old Mr. Khan , engraved with his name , his military awards , and the Muslim symbol of the crescent and star .
“ He was 14 years old at the time of 9/11 , and he waited until he could go serve his country , and he gave his life , ” Mr. Powell said .
“ Now , we have got to stop polarizing ourselves in this way . ”
Mr. Powell said that he had heard senior members of the Republican Party “ drop this suggestion that he [ Obama ] is a Muslim and he might be associated with terrorists . ”
“ Now , John McCain is as nondiscriminatory as anyone I know .
But I ’m troubled about the fact that within the party we have these kinds of expressions . ”
Mr. Khan had served in Iraq for just over a year , arriving in July 2006 .
He had sent home pictures to his family of him playing soccer with Iraqi children and hugging a smiling young Iraqi boy in Baghdad , according to his obituary in the Newark Star - Ledger .
He loved rooting for the Dallas Cowboys with his father , and challenging his 12 - year old stepsister , Aliya , to video games .
He last saw his family during a two - week visit in September 2006 .
Halperin at Politico / USC conf. : ' extreme pro-Obama ' press bias
Media bias was more intense in the 2008 election than in any other national campaign in recent history , Time magazine 's Mark Halperin said Friday at the Politico / USC conference on the 2008 election .
" It 's the most disgusting failure of people in our business since the Iraq war , " Halperin said at a panel of media analysts .
" It was extreme bias , extreme pro-Obama coverage . "
Advertisement
Halperin , who maintains Time 's political site " The Page , " cited two New York Times articles as examples of the divergent coverage of the two candidates .
" The example that I use , at the end of the campaign , was the two profiles that The New York Times ran of the potential first ladies , " Halperin said .
" The story about Cindy McCain was vicious .
It looked for every negative thing they could find about her and it case her in an extraordinarily negative light .
It did n't talk about her work , for instance , as a mother for her children , and they cherry - picked every negative thing that 's ever been written about her . "
The story about Michelle Obama , by contrast , was " like a front - page endorsement of what a great person Michelle Obama is , " according to Halperin .
The former ABC News political director acknowledged that some of the press coverage was simply reflecting the reality of Obama 's presidential campaign .
" You do have to take into account the fact that this was a remarkable candidacy , " Halperin said .
" There were a lot of good stories .
He was new . "
New York magazine 's John Heilemann , one of Halperin 's co-panelists , offered another reason for all the positive press coverage Obama received .
" The biggest bias in the press is towards effectiveness , " said Heilemann , who is authoring a book on the 2008 race along with Halperin .
" We love things that are smart . "
Because Obama 's campaign was generally so well run , he argued , the press tended to applaud even his negative tactics .
" We 'll scold you for being negative , " Heilemann said , " but if it seems to be working , the tone of your coverage becomes more positive . "
Another of Halperin 's fellow participants , Los Angeles Times writer Mark Barabak , disagreed more strongly with the Time writer 's comments .
Still , Halperin 's general point met with little resistance
" I think it 's incumbent upon people in our business to make sure that we 're being fair , " he said .
" The daily output was the most disparate of any campaign I 've ever covered , by far . "
( CNN ) --
There 's a whole world of people out there , and boy , are they pissed off .
The anonymity of the Internet encourages online ranting , from election - season tirades to mockery of celebrities .
On political blogs , the invective flies .
Posters respond to the latest celebrity gossip with mockery or worse .
Sports fans set up
Web sites with names that begin with " fire , " hoping coaches , athletic directors and sportscasters lose their jobs .
And though there are any number of bloggers and commenters who attempt to keep their postings and responses on a civil level , all too often interactive Web sites descend into ad hominem attacks , insults and plain old name - calling .
Indeed , there are even whole sites devoted to venting , such as justrage.com ( one screed there was titled , " I do n't give a flying f*** , so f*** you " ) and mybiggestcomplaint.com .
This is not a world Emily Post would want to be caught in after dark .
" The Internet can be a great tool , " said Sara Black , a professor of health studies at St. Joseph 's University who takes a particular interest in online bullying .
" Like any tool , it can also be misused . "
See examples of Internet anger »
One reason for the vitriol that emerges on the Web , experts say , is the anonymity the Internet provides .
Commenters seldom use their real names , and even if they do , the chance for retaliation is slim .
" In the [ pre - Internet era ] , you had to take ownership [ of your remarks ] .
Now there 's a perception of anonymity , " said Lesley Withers , a professor of communication at Central Michigan University .
" People think what they say wo n't have repercussions , and they do n't think they have to soften their comments . "
Contrast that with a face - to - face conversation , or even a phone conversation , where you can judge people 's moods from facial movements or vocal inflections , observes University of Texas psychology professor Art Markman .
iReport.com : Second Life avatars grapple with reduced nonverbal communication
" It 's hard to be aggressive when you 're face to face , " he said .
Moreover , he points out , aggression often carries a subtext of power .
" A lot of times , real anger is an attempt to get control over a situation where the person does n't usually have it , " he said .
In that respect , comments to blog posts are attempts to strike back .
Those power games are innately grasped by children and teens , with schools serving as a perennial social laboratory .
Cheryl Dellasega , a Penn State women 's studies professor , ticks off hypothetical examples that could have come straight from the scripts to " Mean Girls " or " Heathers . "
" Girls who are getting teased come home and let their [ aggressors ] have it by putting something on their blog and starting a rumor campaign , " she said .
And instead of rumors simply making the rounds among peer groups -- which can be bad enough -- " they go out to a much bigger group , a worldwide group .
The impact is devastating , and it's as easy as clicking a button . "
" Kids do n't realize that one post can destroy somebody 's life forever , " she added .
Indeed , such incidents have made headlines .
In 2006 , 13 - year - old Megan Meier committed suicide after becoming attracted to a boy on MySpace who then turned on her .
The boy turned out to be a hoax created by a neighbor family that included a former friend of Meier's .
In August , The New York Times Magazine did a story about trolls , some barely out of their teens , who antagonize others for the sake of " lulz " : " Lulz is watching someone lose their mind at their computer 2,000 miles away while you chat with friends and laugh , " one ex-troll told the publication .
Adults are n't immune by any means .
A Japanese woman , angry at her online " husband , " killed his avatar after he divorced her .
A South Korean actress committed suicide after being harassed by online rumors following a divorce .
Celebrity gossip sites are full of snarky comments about stars ; reaction from readers is often brutal , turning the story into the online equivalent of a pile - on .
Markman is quick to observe that he does n't believe there 's more anger out there .
But , he said , " there are more ways of expressing it on the Internet . "
" We 've all had interactions with unpleasant people , but we do n't confront them .
We take it out elsewhere , " he said .
" What the Internet has created is groups of people where there are no repercussions with being too aggressive . "
Indeed , though electronically transmitted anger has parallels throughout human history -- the bitter letter , the village gossip -- the speed at which it travels , and the number of people who may come in contact with it , is something new , says St. Joseph 's Black .
" [ Electronic ] media can increase potential for violence in a number of ways , " she said in an e-mail interview .
" First , it introduces ideas ( good and bad ) that people may not have come up with on their own .
Second , it is easier to depersonalize the victim , facilitating perpetration .
Third , aggressive behaviors may be reinforced with points , attention or status , especially in games . "
Withers has seen that first hand .
She teaches a course on the " dark side of communication " at Central Michigan , involving " the mean or evil things we do on a day - to - day basis , " as she describes it : cheating , for example , or lying .
As part of the course , several of her students work on a collaborative project with students at other schools , and they come together in Second Life , the virtual reality environment .
If someone is n't pulling his or her weight , says Withers , others can be harsh in their judgments -- harsher than in real life , because the anger is expressed at the person 's avatar .
Sidebar : Dealing with anger in Second Life
Which led at least one of Withers ' students to forget that the avatar was attached to a real person .
" One student went off on another student and she was sitting in the classroom a few rows behind him , " she said .
" He knew she was there , but did n't -- there was that distancing . "
iReport.com : Residents of virtual worlds deal with drama , stress
Is there a way to restore civility to the Internet ?
Among children and teenagers , say Dellasega and Black , it 's up to parents to exercise control .
" I think parents need to take responsibility , " Dellasega said .
" They give kids computers and leave them alone .
...
When a child is 8 or 9 , the computer should be in a public place .
Kids should understand that using a computer is a privilege , not a right . "
Schools can also play a role , she says .
Black adds that parents should set clear rules on behavior and build empathy in their kids by having them reach out to those who are different .
As for adults , human nature dictates that people will always lash out at others , whether it's over a perceived insult or simply because of a power differential .
Web sites may ban the worst offenders , but they 'll almost always pop up elsewhere , using a different name , e-mail address or even computer .
" Some people are just bitter and angry , " said psychiatrist Dr. Terry Eagan , medical director of the Moonview Sanctuary in Santa Monica , California .
" Sometimes , they 're against everyone , other times against a specific group .
That person can get really stimulated and can say all sorts of horrible things .
But I do n't think it 's not like they did n't exist before . "
Whether the problem will get control of us , or we will get control of the problem , is in the way we face up to it , he says .
Anger , he says , is rolled up with anxiety and fear , and nothing creates more fear like a lack of understanding .
" I tell patients that I 'd rather know everything about people ; information is powerful , " he said .
" When the climate of the world is more fear - based , it permeates everything . "
All About Internet • MySpace Inc. • Blogs and Blogging
ST . PAUL ( Reuters ) - John McCain and his fellow Republicans rallied behind his vice presidential pick , Sarah Palin , on Tuesday and his campaign accused Democrat Barack Obama of sexism for questioning her level of experience .
The support came as the Republican convention to nominate McCain and Palin as the party ’s candidates was finally getting started , after a delay due to Hurricane Gustav , with President George W. Bush to speak via satellite hookup .
Palin ’s disclosure that her unmarried 17 - year - old daughter is pregnant and the news that she had hired a private lawyer in an ethics probe in Alaska have triggered a media firestorm and led some to question McCain ’s judgment and how thoroughly the relatively unknown governor ’s background was examined before she was selected last week .
In excerpts of his remarks , Bush cited McCain ’s national security experience as justification for electing him on November 4 over Democrat Barack Obama .
And he backed Palin on a day Palin was behind closed doors in St. Paul preparing for an address she will give to the convention on Wednesday .
The McCain camp issued a photo of Palin meeting Bush ’s wife , Laura , and McCain ’s wife , Cindy .
“ When the debates have ended , and all the ads have run , and it is time to vote , Americans will look closely at the judgment , the experience , and the policies of the candidates -- and they will cast their ballots for the McCain - Palin ticket , ” Bush said .
McCain predicted a warm welcome for Palin when she addressed the convention .
“ America ’s excited and they ’re going to be even more excited once they see her tomorrow night , ” McCain told reporters in Cleveland .
“ I ’m very , very proud of the impression that she ’s made on all of America and I ’m looking forward to serving with her . ”
In Philadelphia , he defended his search .
“ My vetting process was completely thorough and I ’m grateful for the results , ” McCain said .
SEXISM ?
McCain ’s campaign fought back hard after Obama told CNN on Monday that Palin ’s level of experience as a former mayor of tiny Wasilla , Alaska , did not match his own , citing the size of his campaign .
“ My understanding is that Gov. Palin ’s town , Wasilla , has I think 50 employees .
We ’ve got 2,500 in this campaign .
I think their budget is maybe $ 12 million dollars a year -- we have a budget of about three times that just for the month , ” Obama had said .
McCain adviser Carly Fiorina accused him of sexism , a charge the Obama camp faced during Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s primary battle against him .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
“ The facts are that Sarah Palin has made more executive decisions as a mayor and governor than Barack Obama has made in his life , ” Fiorina said .
“ Because of Hillary Clinton ’s historic run for the presidency and the treatment she received , American women are more highly tuned than ever to recognize and decry sexism in all its forms .
They will not tolerate sexist treatment of Gov. Palin , ” Fiorina said .
The McCain campaign released a copy of Palin ’s Republican voter registration card to rebut a report in The New York Times that Palin was a member of the Alaskan Independence Party for two years in the 1990s .
The group has sought a vote on whether the state should secede from the United States .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
“ The allegations that Gov. Palin was a member of ( the ) Alaska Independence Party are false .
She ’s never been a member of the Alaska Independence Party , ” said McCain spokesman Brian Rogers .
When Palin was announced on Friday , Republicans welcomed her entry into the presidential race against Obama and Joe Biden in the November 4 election as bringing a burst of energy to the McCain campaign .
They like her anti-abortion , pro-guns stances and her history of government reform in Alaska in her two years as governor .
There was every indication McCain and other Republicans would stand by only the second woman ever picked as a major party ’s vice presidential nominee , despite the hubbub .
“ He absolutely keeps her , ” said Larry Sabato , a political science professor at the University of Virginia .
“ If he drops her , the election is over .
There ’s zero chance that he ’ll drop her . ”
Bush was the headliner among Tuesday ’s speakers , who also included former Sen.
Fred Thompson , who lost to McCain in the Republican primaries , and close McCain ally Sen. Joe Lieberman , a Democrat - turned - independent from Connecticut .
McCain campaign manager Rick Davis said the timing of Palin ’s speech was not yet set .
He would not comment on whether she would use it to address any of the controversies surrounding her .
But her remarks will be “ the most important speech the nominee will give in the course of the election ” because of the large television audience , he said .
Ärger mit Frühwarnsystem Deutsche Tsunami-Bojen sollen verschwunden sein
Sie sollen die Bevölkerung in Indonesien rechtzeitig vor einer Katastrophe alarmieren , doch das Tsunami - Frühwarnsystem ist angeblich nur bedingt einsatzbereit .
Mehrere mit deutscher Hilfe entwickelte , auf dem Meer stationierte Bojen sind laut einem TV - Bericht verschwunden .
By Martin Plaut
BBC Africa analyst
Pirates captured the Sirius Star tanker at the weekend Somali pirates have been accused of forming what is described as an " unholy high seas alliance " with some of the country 's Islamist insurgents .
Jane 's Terrorism and Security Monitor says certain insurgents are using pirates to smuggle weapons and supplies and help provide bases in return .
The London - based newsletter says pirates are also training Somali hardliners in naval tactics .
The links are traced to 2007 , after Ethiopian forces invaded Somalia .
The Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) , which took control of much of southern Somalia in 2006 , had cracked down on pirate operations in Hobyo and Harardheere .
They even freed a dhow captured by the pirates in August 2006 .
But after the UIC were ousted , various Islamic groups formed links with the pirates .
Maritime force Bruno Schiemsky - who formerly monitored UN arms shipments into Somalia - says these links take a variety of forms :
India ' sinks Somali pirate ship '
Somalis grow fearful of Islamists Islamists have used the pirates to bring in arms shipments and foreign fighters , providing weapons and training in their use in return .
They also help with bases from which the pirates operate
Hardliners , known as the Shabab , now have a degree of control over several pirate groups and provide operating funds and specialist weapons in return for a share of the ransoms being paid to free the ships and crew
As many as 2,500 young Somalis have been trained by the Shabab at points all along the Somali coast
The Islamists are using the pirates to train their own forces in naval tactics so that they can provide protection for arms being smuggled in Somalia from Eritrea .
The article provides details of three arms shipments brought into the country by pirates .
It says two shipments in May were for Sheikh Hassan Abdulle Hersi , who is also known as Hassan Turki , an Islamist leader who is based in southern Somalia near Kismayo .
They are reported to have been picked up from islands off the Eritrean coast .
One was landed south of the capital , Mogadishu , the other brought into Mogadishu port where businessmen are alleged to have bribed port officials to allow them to be landed .
Another shipment arrived in July and is reported to have contained large quantities of weapons including specialist sniper rifles , heavy machine guns , guided anti-tank missiles and anti-aircraft guns , as well as ammunition .
This is said to have been landed in Puntland in north - eastern Somalia .
The maritime force organised by the Shabab - along the lines of the Sea Tigers operated by the Sri Lankan Tamil Tigers - is said to be located in southern Somalia .
They are reported to be 480 strong , and the article says they will operate off the coast of Somalia and northern Kenya .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TANYA 9508057266 VIP ESCORTS SERVICE Dombivali , Mumbai More Details Awesome Collection Pimple Saudagar Independent Female Escorts Pimple Saudagar , Pune More Details let ’s meet and fuck florida More Details 💯💋💯💋💯 💋GENTLEMEN TATIANA’S HOSTING NEAR LAWRENCE AND PULASKI !!!💋💯💋💯💋💯 Lawrence and Pulaski INR200.00
Let ’s hookup and fuck Boston More Details Looking for a female or couple More Details Princess jasmine in CARLSBAD More Details SEXY PAMELA 888-487-3301 More Details Honey escorts Athens St Tx INR100.00 young horny girl for your pleasure clearwater florida More Details sex More Details sex in smuackk More Details bangalore escorts availbale priyatakur bangalore INR10,000.00 Secret Genuine Cross dresser here for genuine guys only ..
Bangalore More Details Secret Genuine Cross dresser here for genuine guys only ..
Bangalore More Details Secret Genuine Cross dresser here for genuine guys only ..
Bangalore More Details
Online sex masti me now Nanded More Details
Online sex masti me now Nanded More Details
Online sex masti me now Nanded More Details Cam sex here Soalkochi More Details
1 2 3 … 13
The Best Site to Post Free Adult Classified Ads
Adult classified ads are growing in popularity on the internet .
With many adults returning to school , many of the newspapers and magazines have a problem filling their pages with advertisements for advertising .
Those who are parents are concerned about their children ’s surfing habits .
This leaves adult ads as the only outlet .
Adult ad posting sites claim that they help to fill the void .
However , the main reason many adults prefer them is because they are free .
They may post free adult ads , but after the ad has been placed the author has to pay a fee to keep it posted .
But here bestescortsdirectory.com is unique and free forever for everyone .
Free Adult ad posting websites claim that the ads are placed by popular members and this allows them to charge members .
These sites do not charge a membership fee .
They just accept advertising .
They sell advertising space to advertisers who are willing to pay for placement on their website .
bestescortsdirectory.com have unique feature where anyone can post free ads and forever ( No validity )
Sexier ads that show more skin are most popular .
We allow photos .
If you are posting photos then it would be good to post only photos of yourself and do not provide your name unless asked .
It is possible to post free adult classifieds on bestescortsdirectory.com .
On bestescortsdirectory.com , you are required to provide personal information before being able to create an account .
All contact information is mandatory .
Adult ads on bestescortsdirectory.com also require adult photos or videos .
The rules on posting an adult ad are different from those on other sites .
An bestescortsdirectory.com member may look through their local classifieds and post adult ads .
This means that the individual does not have to pay for any personal information , including contact information , to post a classified ad on the site .
Many
Post free adult classified ads are displayed on different sites however , the best ones can be found on bestescortsdirectory.com .
If Job Posters On craiglist Were Forced To Tell The Truth
Senior Graphic Artist ( Somewhere ? )
Reply to : job -40404040X@craigslist.org [?!]
Date : 2008 -13-19 , 6:66 PM
PST
Shifty Graphics Corporation ( SGC ) , an industry leading company , is looking for highly expendable people to fill in some random slots in the company roster .
Due to pyromaniac related reasons , we are currently undergoing a company restructuring and are striving to not scare people with our incredibly obtuse reputation , as we are laying people off left and right as we speak due to extreme paranoia .
We are searching for versatile , independent , and financially desperate people who do n’t require food , air , water or love .
Not requiring respect is an additional asset as well as okay with not being seen as human .
Applicants must have a firm working knowledge of Photoshop , because everybody knows how to use Photoshop due to magic .
As an economically efficient bonus , you will be able to use your own copy of Photoshop comfortably to do work for us , you know “ Contract Work ” , great for dodging “ Big Brother ’s Magical Audit Adventure ”
Possessing 5 - 6 years of industry experience is essential , not so much as knowing the same milkman or hairdresser , but it looks good on a job posting to ask anyway .
Comprehensive knowledge of paragraph breaks is also highly desirable .
Additionally , you must be adept at licking boot , sucking up , and not counting missed pay days , because I ’m sure doing that is probably frowned upon in some Asian culture , and that would be sad , since all of our competitors are from Asia and crushing our skulls like you would n’t believe .
Successful candidates will join our award - winning team … if bowling trophies count as awards , and why would n’t they ?
You will act as a proud and dignified “ Yes Man ” who will openly express his diverse ideas and expertise — to a wall .
Please send your CV with a cover letter .
If possible , make it as thin and concise as possible .
Our last paper shredder broke , and we ’ve got a bit of a surplus on kindling … hence the recent fire .
Really big resumes will be incinerated directly , since we ca n’t afford another shredder .
We are looking forward to hearing from you , one of you at least .
To the rest of you ; AHAHAHA !
* Location : Downtown ( Half the fun is guessing where ! )
* Compensation : WTF
* Principals only .
Recruiters , please do n’t contact this job poster .
* Please , no phone calls about this job !
* Please do not contact job poster about other services , products or commercial interests .
* Please do not shoot the job poster , because they really do n’t like getting shot
* Please do not perform magic tricks at the interview
* Please do not bring animals with sharp pointy claws to the interview
* Please do not give us up
* Please do not let us down
* Please do not run around and desert us
PostingID : 40404040X
Matthews to GOP strategist : ' You speak with a forked tongue ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday November 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Until the Obama administration actually lays out its agenda , everyone is free to argue over where it should set its sights and how bold it should be in its priorities .
However , MSNBC's Chris Matthews suggested on Monday that if Barack Obama listens to the calls coming even from within his own party for him to play to the center , he will not be bold enough .
" It seems to me that he 's got one chance to get everything done , " Matthews stated passionately on Hardball .
" Ronald Reagan taught everybody that .
Get it done the first year or do n't talk about it .
...
He 's got to do it .
He can't say , ' I 'll put it off till after the year after next . ' ...
Do you think this guy can survive as president if all he does is do a little tax cuts and push SCHIP ? "
Matthews put the question of boldness to two political strategists , Democrat Steve McMahon and Republican Todd Harris , but neither one seemed to respond to Matthews ' implication that Obama needs to do something visionary to fulfill his promises .
" Doing something dramatic and bold on the economy I think is something they 're very interested in doing , " McMahon began .
But he also insisted that " the middle decided this election and the middle of the country -- the swing voters -- are waiting for him to address their economic concerns . "
" Big does n't need to be conflated with liberal , " Harris commented .
" I think it 's important that people not lose sight over what this election was and what it was n't .
What it was was a historic victory for Barack Obama .
What it was not was a wholesale realignment of American politics to the left . "
" You guys are so -- you speak with a forked tongue , Todd ! " exploded Matthews .
Although Harris repeatedly attempted to talk over him , Matthews finally managed to say , " When Ronald Reagan won with 51 % -- when your guy Geroge Bush won with less votes than Al Gore -- you talk about mandates .
[ Bush ] came in there and did exactly what he wanted to do .
He cut taxes for the rich across the board .
... He took us to war in Iraq . "
" The idea that you should pussyfoot if you 're a Democrat , " continued Matthews , " but if you 're a Republican go in there whole hog -- you have a totally two standards here !
Republicans should take advantage of every victory and call it a mandate .
Democrats should go in there and be very cautious .
' Gee whiz , I 'm sorry for being here , I hope we do n't offend the conservatives . ' "
As finally Matthews wound down , with a pained expression on his face , Harris managed to object , " If Obama wants to end his presidency with a 22 % approval rating , then he can do just what Bush did . "
McMahon then suggested again that Obama needs to adhere to " mainstream priorities for the swing voters who got him 10 or 12 states that John Kerry was n't able to win .
Those are the people who delivered this presidency to him , not the left , and he needs to address their economic concerns . "
Harris added that Obama ought to focus on a middle - class tax cut , energy independence , and " winning the war in Afghanistan . "
" That sounds like a Republican platform , " Matthews observed sourly .
He then concluded , " Some people do well by doing modest things that are highly symbolic , like President Clinton did .
... I wonder whether Barack Obama better be bold or he will be forgotten and he will not be what he promised to be . "
This video is from MSNBC's Harball , broadcast Nov. 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Partial transcript
MATTHEWS : Todd , it seems to me that he has one chance to get everything done .
Ronald Reagan taught everybody to get it done the first year or do n't talk about it anymore .
It seems to me that the Democrats are going to deliver on what they promised .
It 's not anybody else 's promise .
It 's their promise .
They 've got to get healthcare done .
They 've got to create a universal healthcare system .
They 've got to deal with energy .
Create green jobs .
About 5 million green jobs he promised to produce .
He 's got to do it .
He can't say I 'll put it off to the year after the year after next .
He 's got to deal with it in his first Congress .
That means get it done , basically , by June of next year .
Just in political terms , do you think this guy can survive has president if all he does is do a little tax cuts and push SCHIP or removes the ban on stem cell ?
HARRIS : No . I do n't .
But big does n't need to be conflated with liberal .
He can be big and still govern from the center .
It 's important people not lose site over what this election was and what it was n't .
What it was was a historic victory for Barack Obama .
What it was not was a wholesale realignment of American politics to the left .
If you look at ...
MATTHEWS :
You guys are so - you speak with a forked tongue , Todd .
You speak with a forked tongue .
Let me just tell you something .
When Ronald Reagan won with 51 % ...
Let me finish my point .
When Ronal Reagan won with 51 % , when your guy , George Bush , won with less votes than Al Gore - you talk about mandates - he went in there and did exactly what he wanted to do .
He cut taxes for the rich across the board .
He did everything he wanted to do .
He took us to war in Iraq the way he wanted to do it .
The idea that you should pussyfoot if you 're a Democrat but if you are a Republican you can go in there whole hog - you have totally two standards here : " Republicans should take advantage of every victor and call it mandate .
Democrats should go in there and be very cautious .
Gee whiz , I 'm sorry for being here .
I hope we do n't offend the conservatives . "
We 've all been there .
It 's 10.45 pm and your feet are killing you .
So is your back and , judging by the quantity of wine that 's still flowing , so will your head be in the morning .
Parties are supposed to be fun , but sometimes , usually around 1 December , those invitations start to seem more like a cause for complaint , competitive griping even , than an excuse to have fun .
Each year , the pool of people with whom we celebrate gets bigger .
Once it was family .
Then family and friends .
Now we celebrate anyone and everyone : colleagues , clients , neighbours , acquaintances , fellow gym - goers , even occasionally buying tickets to celebrate with complete strangers , donning black tie to knock back cocktails with people we 've never met .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And then we moan : at the office the next day , when our hangovers kick in ; at home in the evening , when we can't face the thought of yet another night out .
We even moan at parties when the small talk falters .
By Christmas Day , we 're all gasping for a nice cup of tea and a sit down .
And then there 's New Year 's Eve ...
It 's enough to drive anyone back under the duvet .
I know this better than most – as a gossip columnist , party - going is part of the job description .
And at Christmas time , the social schedule is at its most hectic .
It 's all too easy to fill your diary with engagements , start out feeling fresh , and then gradually get more run-down as the month goes by , ending up with goodness - knows - what sickness by 25 December .
But it does n't have to be that way : with the right attention to your health , you should be able to get through the month ailment - free , and maybe even manage to stave off that hangover until Boxing Day .
What to wear
Often the first thought on receiving an invitation , but rarely for the right reasons .
Party gear can do so much – it can make you look slimmer , more attractive , but it can also wreak all kinds of havoc with your health .
Unsurprisingly , high heels are the worst offenders .
They shift all your weight to your toes , squashing them together to cause blisters and corns .
And they accentuate the curve of your spine , causing long - term lower - back problems .
Not that we 're going to stop wearing them .
Nothing turns an outfit from casual to cocktail like stilettos .
So the answer , it seems , is mitigation .
" Changing your choice of shoes can make a difference , " says the British Osteopathic Association 's Danny Williams .
" The higher they are , the worse they are , so go for medium heels every now and then .
And it 's worth sitting down regularly , or just moving around to change position . "
Most experts recommend slipping off your shoes when you get the chance .
I tend to kick mine off in the taxi for the duration of the journey , taking advantage of the privacy for a break .
Handbags come a close second on the health - offenders register , and it's no wonder : rushing from work to soirée can mean lugging a good deal of stuff along for the ride .
" Big handbags are the worst for the spinal damage they cause , " says Williams .
" Across - the - body bags are much better , but best of all is a small , hand - held bag . "
If it 's not possible to leave that tote behind , take a smaller bag or clutch along too .
That way you can stow your heavy bag somewhere , and just carry the essentials .
Make sure you eat right
Trying to eat sensibly can be a nightmare come party season .
It 's never a good idea to drink on an empty stomach , and you know you should have a snack first – but then , who has the time to rustle up a salad when they 're doing the mad dash from desk to cupboard to cocktails ?
Most of us end up arriving with our stomach grumbling , eyes frantically searching for a tray of canapés .
And that , says Professor Chris Seal of the Human Nutrition Research Centre , is where the trouble starts .
" If you begin your night on an empty stomach , you 'll end up drinking more to fill the gap , and pile canapés into your mouth .
They 're often pastry - based and very high in fat , or fried , which is just as bad . "
If eating something beforehand is n't an option , the next best thing is good old - fashioned willpower .
Not all canapés are off - limits , so resist the urge to pick at whatever is going past , and try to snack on healthier options .
Asparagus , sushi or seared tuna , for example , are fine , as are crudités – but be careful what you dip them into .
Stick to houmous or salsa rather than any of the creamier options on offer .
What to drink
It 's no fun being the only sober person in the room .
Not only are you constantly stuck in lopsided conversations with the More Intoxicated but , worse , you have to fend off " polite " enquiries as to why you 're not drinking , or whether you 'd like a top - up .
Having a drink in your hand puts others at ease and , in moderation , there 's nothing wrong with that – after all , it 's Christmas , not Lent .
" The big danger is the volume you drink , " says Seal .
" Increasingly , the trend is to have large , 250 ml glasses , which means that if you have one glass of wine , you 're having almost a third of a bottle .
So count your units carefully . "
If you are drinking , he says , heed your mother 's advice and have plenty of water , too .
" The main problem with what we drink at this time of year is that it dehydrates you .
So keep hydrated by alternating alcohol with water . "
It 's also worth taking into account what you 're drinking .
According to Andrew Irving , author of Little Books '
How to Cure a Hangover , it 's the congeners in alcohol – the chemicals responsible for taste and colour – that determine the severity of hangover .
So that old wives ' tale that red wine is worse in the morning than white holds true .
" The simple rule is that the paler the drink , the less likely it is to carry a load of congeners .
Vodka and gin are less hangover - producing than whisky and brandy .
Similarly , the darker the wine , the more likely there is to be a hangover if drunk in excess .
Burgundy must be treated with more care than claret . "
And , whatever you drink , do n't neglect your body the next day .
Just because it 's the festive season , it does n't mean that you should abandon a healthy lifestyle completely .
If you maintain a balanced diet , you wo n't need to turn to miracle cures – most of which , according to Seal , do n't actually work .
Try to maintain an exercise routine , too .
You may not feel like it , but if you have a reasonably high muscle - to - fat ratio , you 'll metabolise residual alcohol faster .
Mind your back
Almost as hazardous as high heels , bad posture can have disastrous effects when you 're spending night after night standing around at parties .
Williams warns that stooping , or leaning against a wall can compromise the structure of the body .
" Standing incorrectly puts unnecessary pressure on vulnerable parts .
Being bent over can even inhibit breathing and digestion , both important functions at this time of year . "
If you get the chance to sit down , take it – but beware of seats that are too low , like the low - slung couches common in bars and nightclubs .
" They force you to sit at an uncomfortable angle , which puts strain on your back , " says Williams .
" It 's even worse when you 're drinking alcohol and are a bit dehydrated .
Your discs will be under a lot of pressure . "
Do n't overdo it
Finally , learn to clock - watch .
December brings with it such a volume of social occasions and so many consecutive nights out , that maintaining your stamina becomes key .
It 's important to pace yourself , not just your drinks , in order to avoid exhaustion .
Without enough early nights , you 're sure to end up feeling run-down and yearning for a cup of cocoa by Christmas .
So if you know that one night of the week is going to be especially late , make an effort to leave other events early enough to get a decent night 's sleep .
Do n't be afraid to call time on partying – everyone else is going to just as many dos , so one night off is unlikely to make much difference in the grand scheme of the festive season .
Apparently fundie nutball and quack doctor Eric Keroack killed himself .
... and I missed it .
I received some fan mail though ...
First let me start by saying that you did not know eric [ sic ] and have no right to judge him !
he went above and beyond for people !
He was someone who really cared you were n't just another patient !
There will never be anyone like him !
He changed peoples lives !
Instead of me explaining to you who he was , let me explain how much of a jerk you are !
Again another example of trashing someone you never met , where you get off saying what you said about him really pisses me off to know end !
no matter what you think Eric still was a son , husband , father , brother , and trully [ sic ] a dedicated doctor !
who unfortunate for you , you never had the pleasure to meet him !
He died on April 11,2008 !
It was a tragedy so please show some respect for his family and keep your comments to your self ! [ sic ]
He took his own life !
Because of people like you that want to talk about people and run their mouths about things they do n't know nothing about !
Get A life !
Mind your buisness ! [ sic ]
Shame on you for the thin gs you wrote godforbid [ sic ] his daughter came across this and not only did she lose her father but has to read stuff that some jackass wrote about him that does n't even know him !
I knew him .
He tried to limit reproductive rights for women .
He thought having sex reduced the connection a mother could have with her baby .
He was appointed to lead the Department of Health and Human Services only to resign his post in disgrace over medicare billing fraud .
And then he killed himself to escape responsibility .
So this Jackass ( that would be ) , feels no need to apologize for calling a spade a spade .
Eric Keroack damaged our country and attempted to move our reproductive rights back to the dark ages .
I have no problem with him removing himself from the gene pool .
As expected , New York Yankees pitcher Mike Mussina has decided to retire , according to a baseball source with knowledge of the situation .
Mussina informed the Yankees last week he would give them a decision by the end of this week .
Mussina , who turns 40 next month , spent the last eight seasons with the Yankees after pitching for the Baltimore Orioles for the first 10 years of his career .
His 270 wins rank second among all active right - handers , behind only Greg Maddux .
In the final start of his career , he pitched six shutout innings against the Boston Red Sox to finish off the first 20 - win season of his career .
" I have not talked to him lately , " Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Wednesday evening at a Manhattan charity event to benefit his Catch 25 Foundation and Alzheimer 's research .
" He had led me to believe that that 's what was going to happen at the end of the year .
I was n't quite sure in a sense that I believed him because sometimes when you get away from it you really miss it . "
WATERLOO , Ont. – Canada 's profile in the international physics community got a huge boost today as renowned " superstar " cosmologist Stephen Hawking accepted a research post at the country 's " crown jewel " of theoretical physics study .
Hawking will hold the title of distinguished research chair at the prestigious Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics .
The role will see him make regular visits to the southwestern Ontario city , beginning next summer .
" The appointment marks a new phase in our recruitment that will see leading scientists from around the world establish a second research home at Perimeter Institute , " said institute director Neil Turok .
" I am delighted that Stephen has agreed to accept the first of a projected 40 such visiting chairs . "
Shelley Page , the president of the Canadian Association of Physicists , said it's an exciting development for the physics community and for the country as a whole to have such a great mind coming to Canada .
" He 's one of the few sort of recognized physics superstars , " Page said .
" Stephen Hawking is probably one of the most famous contemporary theoretical physicists .
He 's sort of a household name , which is a feat in and of itself in such an abstract and theoretical discipline . "
Having someone like Hawking associated with the Perimeter Institute , which Page called the " crown jewel in our theoretical physics resource portfolio , " will serve to increase Canada 's standing in the global physics community .
" That will just further help to attract even more prestigious international theorists to work in Canada , " she said .
Rumours in the summer that Hawking would be moving to Canada were discounted by his aides at the time .
The famed cosmologist will retire from his prestigious post at Cambridge University next year .
Hawking , 66 , is currently Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the famed British university , a title once held by the great 18th - century physicist Isaac Newton .
He became a scientific celebrity through his theories on black holes and the nature of time , work that he carried on despite becoming paralyzed by motor neurone disease .
His 1988 book " A Brief History of Time " was an international bestseller ; " A Briefer History of Time , " intended to be more accessible , followed in 2005 .
Hawking first earned prominence for his theoretical work on black holes .
Disproving the belief that black holes are so dense that nothing could escape their gravitational pull , he showed that black holes leak a tiny bit of light and other types of radiation , now known as Hawking radiation .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Perimeter Institute is a research centre devoted to theoretical physics that was founded in 1999 by Research In Motion co-CEO Mike Lazaridis .
Read more about :
What Topics Are Losing Space and Resources
If the papers are smaller in the number of pages and the staffs producing them are shrinking as well , what is being lost and what is being gained ?
The survey and the in - depth interviews suggest that more is disappearing than is being added .
The survey used three different measures to probe the question .
It asked about space devoted to a range of topics .
It asked about the amount of reporting resources assigned to cover each topic .
And it asked how essential editors thought each topic was to their paper ’s identity .
By all three measures , international news is rapidly losing ground at rates greater than any other topic area .
Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of newsroom executives said the space devoted to foreign news in their newspaper had dropped over the past three years .
Nearly half ( 46 % ) say they have reduced the resources devoted to covering the topic–also the highest percentage recording a drop .
Only 10 % said they considered foreign coverage “ very essential . ”
This decline in foreign news occurs as U.S. armed forces confront stubborn insurgencies in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Administration talks of a global war on terrorism and international trade increasingly impacts the everyday lives of Americans .
Surprisingly , there has been an almost identical level of decline in international news among smaller newspapers and the country ’s larger metropolitan dailies , many of which historically have valued foreign correspondence highly enough to underwrite their own foreign reporting staffs .
Among the larger papers , 65 % say they have cut space , and 46 % say they have decreased reporting resources to it — virtually no different from their smaller counterparts .
And barely a quarter ( 26 % ) of editors from these larger papers still considered foreign news as “ very essential , ” compared to just 6 % of their colleagues from smaller dailies .
Several papers , including the Boston Globe , Philadelphia Inquirer , Baltimore Sun , and Newsday — all with proud traditions of foreign correspondence — have closed their last overseas bureaus in the past three years and now rely mainly on the shrinking number of other outlets for their international news .
This does n’t mean these larger papers have entirely abandoned original reporting from abroad .
For example , the Philadelphia Inquirer ( circulation : 334,000 ) closed the last of its foreign bureaus in November , 2006 , yet it still maintains money in its editorial budget for staff foreign travel .
Inquirer Editor Bill Marimow said this money is tapped when editors conclude a staff reporter can add significant value to a story .
The fall from favor of national news was similar , albeit slightly less pronounced .
Well over half ( 57 % ) of newsroom executives said they had reduced the space devoted to national news during the past three years .
Four out of ten ( 41 % ) said they had cut reporting power devoted to national government / politics and only 18 % of editors considered national news “ very essential . ”
This decline came despite one of the most compelling presidential primary races in decades .
Several editors also noted that the national and foreign news that does make it into their papers , is often displayed less prominently .
Stories in these categories that were once considered worthy of front page display now frequently appear inside the paper .
“ Maybe there was a spot on the front page that everyone considered was the foreign or national story of the day , but that ’s changed , ” said Sharon Rosenhause , managing editor of the Ft. Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel ( circulation : 218,000 ) .
“ That story is still in the paper , but it ’s just inside .
To make the front page , it has to be a significant development or a story that we can see through Florida eyes or some kind of Florida prism . ”
This decline in national news coverage appears to be part of a larger trend in which America ’s dailies have begun reducing routine staff coverage of events outside their immediate circulation area .
The editor of a large metro daily said he still sent his paper ’s movie critic to cover out - of - town film festivals , but now limited the assignment to only a few days instead of the full event .
“ We still have the coverage , ” this editor said .
“ But instead of the full ten days , we ’ll go for five . ”
Other events that once rated staff coverage are now left to wires .
“ There was a time we ’d cover big national stories , but we rarely do that anymore , ” said this same editor .
“ In sports , for example , we ’ll go to fewer big , out - of - area college basketball , football or auto racing events or games that do n’t involve a local team .
We take all the major wires , so that ’s what we use . ”
When editors feel national stories do require staff coverage , many now say they try to find a way to do something entirely unique — to make it part of their distinct franchise .
The St. Petersburg Times ( circulation 316,000 ) , for example , decided against putting its Washington bureau chief and some members of its political team on the presidential campaign trail , but instead assigned them to an exclusive feature called “ PolitiFact , ” which effectively runs truth tests on the statements of candidates .
The feature , replete with detailed explanations and a “ Truth - O - Meter ” , rates a comment as true , mostly true , mostly false , false or — if egregiously false — a “ pants on fire . ”
Space and resources devoted to the coverage of science , business , the arts , and lifestyles have also fallen over the past three years .
Newsroom executives who say they have eliminated jobs that cover specialized beats , such as film or music critics , book reviewers , columnists , national or foreign correspondents , said they had in many cases replaced newsroom - written contributions with syndicated or news agency content — content they get at a fraction of the cost of producing it with staff .
Such tactics have probably stemmed the loss of coverage , but they do carry other costs .
Editors say such staff losses reduce their ability to shape coverage to fit the community ’s specific interests or needs .
For example , offering special treatment to an election in a far - off country that has a large immigrant population locally is no longer in the hands of the paper ’s senior editors .
Instead , those editors are reliant on agency offerings over which they have far less control .
The decline of prestigious newsroom jobs also affects recruitment of new talent , the brightest of which are drawn to newspapers with a broad range of challenging jobs .
At another level , this shrinkage of specialized beats reduces the marketplace of ideas and interpretations as more newspapers decide to cut plum ( and thus , expensive ) jobs because they can “ buy the content elsewhere . ”
Such a process concentrates the power and the responsibility that goes with reporting these areas into the hands of those organizations that still provide such coverage .
One executive editor remarked how , after being forced to lay off the paper ’s art critic , the choice of a further staff cut then focused on either the resident film or music critic .
“ I hated to make that cut , ” the editor said .
“ I read all these things about how cutting film critics is a good choice because you can get film criticism from other places , but those are the same arguments you hear about foreign coverage , national coverage or state government coverage .
Eventually , you wake up one day and find there is no somewhere else because everyone has done the same thing you ’ve done .
It ’s very troubling . ”
Science reporting is one such example .
Research conducted by Cristine Russell of the Shorenstein Center on the state of science journalism estimates that of the 95 newspapers that published special science sections in the 1980s , only about 35 still do so today .
If editor enthusiasm is any measure , a reversal of this trend seems unlikely .
Only 10 % of editors responding to the PEJ survey said they considered science and technology reporting “ very essential ” to the quality of their news product .
In making these cuts , editors also do n’t necessarily eliminate subject matter altogether .
Instead , they tend to dilute it .
Reporters who once concentrated on one beat or specialty now frequently have two or three .
Newspapers , for example , that had one reporter assigned to cover local courts might now also assign the same reporter to cover city hall or education after laying off those who covered those beats .
In interviews , editors of newspapers that had undergone significant newsroom cuts repeatedly found themselves hard - pressed to name beats that had been abandoned completely .
But they agreed the coverage had become thinner and , because of that , its quality had diminished .
Stories are not the only things being downsized to accommodate a smaller newshole .
Editors said they are reducing the size of the daily crossword , eliminating stock tables and other tabular material , or scrapping the daily television listings ( while keeping the Sunday TV supplement that contains the week ’s listings ) .
Yet editors told us these sorts of cuts have frequently been met with intense reader protest , even though the material remains available online .
Conversely , more draconian measures , such as cutting foreign news , eliminating or merging features sections , laying off the staff science writer or downsizing the editorial pages have produced comparatively modest reader reaction .
Said Diane McFarlin , publisher of the Herald - Tribune Media Group in Sarasota , Florida ( Herald Tribune circulation : 114,904 ) , “ I ’ve gotten no letters from people saying , I do n’t think you ’re covering as much local news or not doing enough investigative pieces .
What I get is hate mail about taking the TV listings , cutting the size of the crossword or moving the comics around .
That ’s what enrages people . ”
But she also cautioned , “ The industry may think it ’s getting away with eroding local news coverage because it ’s an incremental loss and readers do n’t react as vociferously and immediately as they do to the loss of daily standards like TV listings and comics . ”
What Topics Are Growing
As editors struggle to manage loss , they are also searching for the “ franchise ” elements of coverage that give people a reason to still read their paper .
What is the essential niche ?
To many editors , the key task is identifying what issues matter most to readers and improving coverage of them — both in print and online — as they trim elsewhere .
The reporting and survey data suggest that this search is leading daily newspapers to focus their diminishing resources closer to home .
A whopping 97 % of editors rated local news “ very essential ” to their news product — by far the highest percentage of any news category .
Even America ’s largest newspapers — those with the greatest reach — gave their highest “ very essential ” rating ( 94 % ) to local news .
However , larger and smaller papers diverged sharply on the importance of closer in , even more local , neighborhood , or so - called “ hyper- local ” news .
By nearly a 2 - 1 margin ( 83 % to 48 % ) , editors from smaller papers placed greater value on neighborhood news than their counterparts from larger papers .
Editors ’ responses also indicated that community news is the biggest overall gainer in space .
At a time of shrinking newshole , nearly two - thirds ( 62 % ) of those responding to the survey said they had increased the amount of space devoted to community and neighborhood news .
Among smaller papers , this number was even higher at 67 % .
In each of seven specific topic areas where editors said they had added reporting power over the past three years there was a strong local news component : local government and politics , education , the environment , police , sports , obituary writing and investigative reporting .
Education was the biggest gainer , with 36 % of newsroom executives saying that had added reporting power in this area Lisa Walker , executive director of the Education Writers Association in Washington , DC , described today ’s daily newspaper education beats as increasingly “ very local ” , with less emphasis on broader context and less coverage of national trends than was once the case .
Staffing for coverage of sports , local government and politics , police and investigative reporting , all grew in 30 % of the newsrooms surveyed .
Although not specifically measured in the survey , anecdotal evidence suggests that at least some of these gains have been driven by pressure to provide web content during the course of the day .
Some of this content is often then “ reversed published ” back into the newspaper .
The focus on local news is also driving changes in zoned editions , those sections of the papers focused on specific communities or areas .
Editions catering to the outer fringes of a paper ’s circulation area are being closed as new ones are launched with content targeted for communities and neighborhoods within the core circulation area .
Nearly four in ten editors surveyed ( 37 % ) said they had increased the number of zoned or targeted neighborhood editions they produce , while 25 % had reduced them .
And the push toward local sections is even higher for smaller circulation papers ( 44 % are increasing , versus 20 % reducing them ) .
Investigative Teams — and Their Stories — Survive
One area that most editors insist they will not cut back on is investigative or watchdog work .
Those who manage papers both small and large seem to believe this is an essential part of a paper ’s role , and one that fits with whatever their future business model will be .
In face - to - face interviews , editors from both larger and smaller papers invariably stressed their belief that strong investigative , explanatory , reporting remained at the core of daily newspaper journalism .
This collective opinion was reinforced by the survey results , where 91 % of all newsroom executives said they considered investigative or enterprise reporting either “ very essential ” or “ somewhat essential ” to the quality of their news product .
The survey data , however , suggest that larger papers are more committed to the watchdog role than smaller papers .
Despite financial pressures and newsroom cuts elsewhere , half the editors from these papers said they had increased their investigative reporting staff over the past three year — twice the figure for smaller papers ( 24 % ) .
Over 90 % of newsroom executives from larger papers considered investigative reporting “ very essential ” compared to just over half ( 52 % ) of their counterparts from smaller papers .
In interviews , several newsroom managers declared that their investigative reporting teams would be the last hit by newsroom downsizing .
To be sure , they admitted that financial pressures today force them to be more selective in their choice of such labor - intensive editorial projects .
They also noted investigative stories tend to run shorter than they did a few years ago and cost more to produce because of additional editing time required to package them for both print and web presentation .
But there was evidence that advances in information technology , such as the ability to mine new electronic data bases , has enriched this genre and opened new doors for newspapers to explore important issues .
One editor of a large metropolitan daily contended this move toward smaller and stronger larger stories mirrored the trend of technology itself , where consumers are happy to watch a film on a two - inch iPhone or a 70 - inch mega - screen , but find the 26 - inch screen passé .
Together , these two developments — shorter news stories and richer enterprise — reflect part of a new , evolving role of the print newspaper in an era of growing online access to news virtually as it happens .
In this environment , the role of the print edition of daily newspapers is becoming less a vehicle to convey news developments and more a source for analysis , texture and context to help readers better understand those developments .
Led by papers such as the New York Times ( circulation : 1.1 million ) , editors in recent years have tended to place more analysis or enterprise stories tied to the news on the front page , while often placing the news story itself inside .
The Virginian Pilot in Norfolk , Virginia ( circulation : 175,000 ) is a leader in page one experimentation .
It has repeatedly published dramatic front pages that are closely tied to the day ’s news , yet contain no story in conventional format .
On Memorial Day this year , for example , the Pilot devoted its entire front page to an illustration of a local Vietnam War hero ’s gravestone , his Medal of Honor citation , and a single paragraph of text noting the holiday that concluded with the exhortation : “ Honor them . ”
Story Length
Editors indicated they also had become more selective , not just in what stories to cover and how to cover them , but also on story length .
A story marking an incremental development — say , on a running city hall squabble that might have warranted a 12 to 15 - inch third - day story a few years ago — is part of a dying breed .
Today , such developments are either judged unworthy of coverage at all or are covered by a beat reporter in a quick - hit couple of paragraphs that are posted on the website .
Depending on the weight of news day , the story either dies there , or can be “ reverse published ” into the newspaper as a 6 - inch short or a brief .
Secondary national or international developments given modest stand - alone treatment a few years ago , have suffered a similar fate .
As a result , the quantity of briefs appearing in today ’s daily newspapers has risen , but so too has the quality .
They have become more than fillers .
“ Cut the 15 - inch story to 6 for the paper , let the reporter put the other nine in his ( on - line ) blog for a reader who wants more information and everybody wins , ” summed up Mark Zieman , editor of the Kansas City Star ( circulation : 252,000 ) for over a decade before being named the paper ’s president and publisher last March .
St. Petersburg Times Executive Editor and Vice President Neil Brown said he believed shorter story length is also the result of more disciplined editing .
" We ’re more rigorous in our editing now , " he said .
" We recognize that some of those stories may have been marginal , or even filler .
So the 25 - inch story is down to 10 , 12 , or 6 inches . "
The Washington Post ’s ( circulation : 673,000 ) presidential election campaign coverage is an example of this trend .
Summaries of campaign highlights are collected into a series of briefs and run under a distinct logo dubbed “ The Trail . ”
The Trail also appears as a blog on the paper ’s website , washingonpost.com .
Related developments or themes that touched several primary campaigns were collected together and written into a single roundup rather than as a series of disconnected stories .
Post executive editor Leonard Downie , Jr. , said that during the campaign four years ago , most of what today is covered as briefs or in single roundups would have run as separate , medium - length stories .
He described the 2008 election coverage format as a prototype for presenting other news elsewhere in the paper .
Such approaches help explain why , at a time of shrinking newshole and newsroom staffs , a large majority ( 75 % ) of editors said their story counts — the number of stories appearing in the paper — had either increased or remained the same during the past three years .
As a result , today ’s readers receive a similar , or even greater , breadth of coverage in their daily paper than a few years ago , however much of it comes in more of a digest form .
Editors differed in their views of what has been lost in this condensation of stories .
For some , it is important background , context , additional sourcing and interesting ancillary points that have gone — losses that significantly devalue the shorter story .
Others , however , dismissed the lost material as , more often than not , either arcane detail written into the story by a reporter trying to impress his sources or padding to give the story the appearance of greater importance than it actually was .
Either way , the content lost in the print version of the story does n’t always disappear completely .
Instead , much of it migrates to the web as beat reporters write these minor twists and turns of a running story either into their own blog or as short , stand - alone website stories .
In interviews , editors generally seemed accepting of the trade - off .
“ It ’s part of what ’s enabled us to have new forms of political coverage that convey more information than we ’ve ever had before , ” Downie said .
“ Stories are definitely shorter — unless they need to be longer , such as profiles . ”
Skip to comments .
Mark Felt , ' Deep Throat ' in Watergate reporting , dies
Chicago Tribune ^ | December 19 , 2008 | Laura Norton
Posted on by re_tail20
Mark Felt , the FBI official who as the anonymous journalistic source " Deep Throat " helped bring down President Richard M. Nixon , died on Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , Calif .
He was 95 .
Felt suffered from congestive heart failure but the immediate cause of death was not known on Thursday night .
" He was an important person for the history of our nation , but also such a gem and such a treasure to our family , " said his grandson Nick Jones , who confirmed the death .
" He was a great man . "
Jones said the family would issue a formal statement on Friday .
In 2005 , more than 30 years after his whistle - blowing helped topple a presidency , Felt held a press conference on the front steps of his Santa Rosa home .
Felt , then 91 , revealed that he was " Deep Throat , " the anonymous source who in 1972 leaked information to the Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein about the Watergate scandal that eventually led to Nixon 's resignation in 1974 .
( Excerpt ) Read more at chicagotribune.com ...
TOPICS :
Government
KEYWORDS :
deepthroat
felt
markfelt
nixon
obituary
watergate
woodward
To : re_tail20
No sorry for this back stabbing a - hole IMO .
Here he was put in charge to look for the leaker and this jerk was the leaker .
Good riddance .
To : re_tail20
Why is Mark Felt revered while Linda Tripp was dumped on ?
Oh , right , Nixon was a Republican and Clinton was a Democrat .
To : jrooney
He did rat out on a thoroughly corrupt president .
We need more people in government like him .
To : KoRn
I am not defending Nixon .
He was wrong .
I am not defending Felt either .
To : re_tail20
No comment .
by 6 posted onby advance_copy ( Stand for life or nothing at all )
To : LdSentinal
" Why is Mark Felt revered while Linda Tripp was dumped on ?
Oh , right , Nixon was a Republican and Clinton was a Democrat .
Good question , good summary .
To : re_tail20
The little snitch must have thought he was a regular " Secret Agent Man " ...
by 8 posted onby melt ( Someday they 'll wish their Jihad ... Jihadn't . )
To : KoRn
Nixon never made a dime off his “ corruption ”
To : jrooney
If I recall , Felt actually was pretty senile and his lawyer did all the talking .
Felt just sort of stood there and mumbled .
I never did believe Deep Throat was one , real , person , and do not believe it today .
I say DT was Woodward 's way of getting a pastiche of anonymous tips and tantalizing insinuations into print .
His subsequent career of fabricating stories , reading minds and making up quotations , and outright lying , backs me up .
He knew that sooner or later he would have to close out the DT scam and get himself off the spot , so he used a demented Felt for that purpose .
One of the great liberal lies of the 20th century .
To : hinckley buzzard
If you are right .
My low regard for Woodward just got lower .
To : KoRn
Nixon did n’t do anything a lot of other presidents did .
( Have you heard about some of the things LBJ did ? )
But Nixon was a Republican , so he had to be punished despite All the Good he did for the Nation .
He was a Great President .
It is too bad that Felt had to end his career by betraying his President and his Nation .
I understand up till then he had an admirable career , but that betrayal destroyed all his previous good deeds .
To : LdSentinal
... thoroughly corrupt president .
Thoroughly corrupt president ?!?!?
Let me tell you something , get informed .
Richard Nixon was set up like a bowling pin .
John Dean snookered John Mitchell into letting him do the Watergate .
Then he let Howard Hunt and Jim McCord get in on the break - in .
Now , if you were President , you 'd fire the " smoking gun " too .
If you do n't know why , go find out .
The President was faced with two CIA operatives , both involved in very serious cold war black operations ( Bay of Pigs , etc. ) , being arrested for petty crimes .
He told Halderman to get in touch with the Director of the CIA ( Richard Helms ) and tell him to call off the dogs ( FBI ) .
Any President would have done the same thing .
The problem is that the whole daggone thing was a set - up from the get - go .
And what we got was millions killed by communists in Southeast Asia , Vietnam syndrome , and the establishment of the leftist press ( along with a lot of other leftist crap like President Jimmy Carter ) .
So carefully consider Richard Nixon , he did n't do anything that a true patriot would not do .
by 13 posted onby advance_copy ( Stand for life or nothing at all )
To : Chet 99
Nixon was great ; did a lot despite overwhelming numbers of dems in congress .
SDS and radicals ( William Ayers ) were working to violently overthrow and destroy this country .
Felt was a self - absorbed turncoat .
His demise explains the unusual warm spell here ; the gates of hades have opened to welcome him .
To : re_tail20
Oh the irony .
http://flapsblog.com/2008/04/23/barack-obama-watch-why-wasnt-william-ayers-prosecuted/
Why Wasnt William Ayers Prosecuted ?
If everyone knows that William Ayers and his comrades in the Weather Underground were planning to set bombs to murder innocent people , why didnt they do time ?
Because the investigation against them was muffed thanks to the illegal activities of the Washington Posts favorite Watergate answer man himself , Mark Felt  aka Deep Throat .
In 1972 - 73 , FBI official Felt and his colleague Edward S. Miller authorized nine illegal break - ins at the homes of Weather Underground members .
When the black bag jobs became public , the federal government decided it couldnt prosecute the alleged terrorists .
Indicted during the Carter Administration , Felt and Miller were tried in 1980 in Washington .
Ever the patriot , former President Nixon voluntarily testified on the defendants  behalf , but they were convicted anyway and pardoned by President Reagan in March 1981 .
To : advance_copy
And let me tell you something .
I did n't make that comment .
You replied to thr wrong poster .
To : FFranco
" He was a Great President . "
Everything I 've heard about him with regard to domestic policy suggests he was a liberal .
To : Memphis Moe
It hard to describe Nixon as “ great ” as he is responsible for proposing and setting up the EPA and as a Cabinet position .
Hard to think of an agency that has done more hard to America .
To : LdSentinal ; KoRn
Oooops , LOL .
Still , to heck with all the leftist bastards who put this country through the wringer so that the badly informed would call Nixon “ corrupt ” .
by 19 posted onby advance_copy ( Stand for life or nothing at all )
To : re_tail20
hmm ... hmmm ...
I really ca n’t say anything good .
by 20 posted onby Porterville ( I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass ... and I 'm all out of bubblegum )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Founded in 1985 by journalists and scholars to check rising government secrecy , the National Security Archive combines a unique range of functions : investigative journalism center , research institute on international affairs , library and archive of declassified U.S. documents ( " the world 's largest nongovernmental collection " according to the Los Angeles Times ) , leading non-profit user of the U.S. Freedom of Information Act , public interest law firm defending and expanding public access to government information , global advocate of open government , and indexer and publisher of former secrets .
Articles about the Archive
‘ Kicking and screaming ’ : 50 years of FOIA
By Philip Eil , July 1 , 2016
Freedom of Information Act 50th Anniversary
C- SPAN , June 28,2016
Eyes Only : [ redacted ]
By Peter Carlson , The Washington Post , May 8 , 2008
Open Secrets
By David C. Anderson , Ford Foundation Report , Summer 2000
Robin Yassin - Kassab thought his wife Rana shared his liberal outlook when it came to the politics of the hijab .
When she announced she wanted to cover her head , they found themselves on opposite sides of a national debate
When I first saw my wife , she was seated in the middle of a crowded room , she had her eyes fixed on me , and she had a luxuriously unruly cascade of hair .
We started talking , and from then on her hair 's startling blackness seemed emblematic of the force of her character .
In a city where half the women covered their hair in public , and just because she had such beautiful hair , Rana 's hair became for me her sign , the feature by which I 'd pick her out at a distance , my symbol for understanding her and what she meant to me .
So when , five years into our marriage , Rana decided to cover her hair , I was somewhat bothered .
We 'd moved from Syria via Morocco to Saudi Arabia , we 'd had children , and Rana had worked as a teacher and TV presenter .
She 'd always been an elegantly modest dresser , but here , amid the compulsory dress codes of Saudi Arabia - which annoyed us both - she 'd decided to introduce something new .
The hijab bothered me not just for the personal reasons above : I did n't agree that it was Islamically required .
While most Muslims have interpreted Koranic guidance on women 's dress to require head covering , the text itself is open to interpretation .
' And tell the believing women , ' it says , ' to lower their gaze and to be mindful of their chastity , and not to display their charms ( in public ) beyond what may ( decently ) be apparent thereof ; hence , let them draw their head - coverings over their bosoms . '
In my favourite translation , Muhammad Asad notes that the directive is to cover bosoms , not heads , because in Muhammad 's Arabia men as well as women wore head - coverings anyway .
Beyond that , ' what may decently be apparent ' is deliberately vague and flexible , to fit various times and social contexts .
I thought the principle of the hijab more important than the piece of cloth , and the principle - of modesty and respect - was n't always practised in Arab Muslim society .
It often seems that the Muslim woman plays the role of clotheshorse of honour .
So long as she wears a hijab , all is good , even if Muslim men , who are also required to ' lower their gaze and to be mindful of their chastity ' , dress sexily and leer at women in the street .
Why would Rana want to go along with that ?
What really bothered me was people thinking Rana wore it because I forced her to .
Like the nice , liberal Englishwoman who nodded empathetically at Rana 's suffering before asking me how I would react if she ever dared to take it off .
The hijab or its absence are symbolic of many different things in the bigger world out there .
The cloth has become a flag waved by Islamists and Islamophobes to define each other .
A Western - dressed Muslim woman may be stereotyped as a heroically uncaged virgin , or as the key sign of Muslim cultural loss .
A veiled woman may be seen as authentic , or , more usually in the West , as ignorant , backward , repressed and oppressed .
To some , Muslim women in headscarves look like unity , power , cultural pride .
To others , they look like abused cattle .
The hijab is compulsory in public in Saudi Arabia and Iran , and discriminated against by the regimes of Tunisia and Turkey .
In some Middle Eastern countries , women 's veils have been forcibly removed by soldiers in the street .
Removing it , and putting it on , are loaded political acts .
But Rana thought she would feel comfortable wearing the hijab .
She felt proud to be identified as a Muslim woman .
So , rather than worrying about other people , I started to listen to her .
Now I feel comfortable , too .
And her hair is still there underneath , and free - flowing in the privacy of our home , as luxurious as it ever was .
Rana 's opinion
Sometimes I feel sorry for my husband .
He would prefer it if I did n't wear the hijab .
But what can I do ?
It is my wish .
I started thinking about wearing a headscarf after we were married and had my son , our first child .
When Robin and I met I was not religious .
I did not fast for Ramadan - in fact , whenever my father asked me if I had , I would lie just to please him .
I drank alcohol .
If I saw someone reading the Koran , I presumed they were superstitious , narrow - minded .
But when my son was born I felt a need to protect him , to believe in something stronger than me .
I felt the need for a connection with God .
I started reading the Koran and I began to pray regularly .
What amazed me was that I did n't suddenly change my personality .
We have all sorts of friends - gay , atheist , Christian , Muslim - and I discovered that I could still be friends with all of them .
I did n't become weak or anxious or afraid .
In fact , it was a wonderful liberation .
I felt I could live without fear in my life .
I do n't believe my head is a sexual object , that a man who sees it will be sexually aroused .
But I do think that when you believe in God you have to believe in a superior power that knows better than you do .
First I started to dress differently .
I stopped wearing short sleeves ; I wore more modest clothes .
Then one day when Robin was in the UK and I was still in Saudi Arabia I decided .
I thought : ' Believing what I do , it will be hypocritical if I go outside without my head covered . '
My fear of being a hypocrite far outweighed any embarrassment I felt , or fear of what my husband or friends would think .
For a while my Arab friends changed towards me .
They would n't tell a dirty joke in my presence - even though they knew I loved dirty jokes .
I had to sit them down and say , ' I have n't changed just because I look different . '
Most of all Robin worried that I would suddenly become narrow - minded .
To be honest , I feared that , too , deep inside .
But when he said : ' I 'm not going to allow our daughter to wear a headscarf until she is 18 , ' I replied : ' Neither will I !
She wo n't be wearing one when she 's 50 either , if she does n't want to !'
For me this was n't about being made to do something I did n't want to do .
Over time he 's realised that this is what I want and he 's given me the freedom to do it .
I usually wear the kind of hijab that women in the Gulf wear - one that covers my head and ties around the front .
I have all colours and patterns to match what I 'm wearing .
Everyone makes a big deal about the head being covered but for me it's not about being covered up , it 's about modesty , being humble .
It 's been six years since I began wearing the headscarf and it has been liberating .
I had not realised how much I had used the way I looked to get me places , be it in a job interview or at a party .
The headscarf means I 've had to develop my personality instead - my sense of humour , my ability to listen - in order to socialise .
It 's made me more confident .
We live in Scotland now but it still feels comfortable to wear it .
After the 7 July bombings in 2005 I was worried that , when I went to London , people would think I was a terrorist .
But in fact it was fine .
I realised any fear was more to do with my own paranoia .
• Robin Yassin - Kassab's novel , The Road From Damascus , is published by Hamish Hamilton , £ 16.99
Two narrow victories that went to Conservative candidates on election night , involving ridings in Ontario and Prince Edward Island , will be subjected to judicial recounts .
Elections Canada announced today ( October 17 ) that judges will conduct recounts of the federal - election results in Kitchener - Waterloo and Egmont .
Validated results put Conservative candidate Peter Braid ahead of Liberal MP Andrew Telegdi by 48 votes in Kitchener - Waterloo .
In Egmont , Conservative nominee Gail Shea had 62 votes more than Liberal candidate and former P.E.I. premier Keith Milligan .
Yesterday ( October 16 ) , Elections Canada announced there will be a judicial recount in Vancouver South , where Liberal MP Ujjal Dosanjh edged out Conservative candidate Wai Young by 33 votes .
How much do we take being able to play games for granted ?
Disabled gamer KitsuneYume surely doesn't , seeing as he rigged a PS3 controller setup to work by using his entire body as input triggers , which allows him to hit a respectable 20 out of 25 possible PS3 controller functions .
How well does it work ?
He was able to beat demos of Mirror 's Edge , Heavenly Sword , Eternal Sonata and every other demo on the PSN .
Dude , what 's your address ?
Let 's get you some retail games already as reward for having such an awesome setup .
[ PSN via Kotaku ]
Advertisement
The first comic I bought as a collector was Secret Wars issue # 2 back in sixth grade .
Some of you may recall I wrote a post about this experience back in June .
Before I begin my rant , I want to be sure you understand that Secret Wars issue # 2 should in no way to be confused with a completely separate nine - issue comic book limited series entitled Secret Wars II .
That ’s important .
Do n’t forget that .
The original Secret Wars 12 - issue limited series was a solid story and a huge success .
So of course , it spawned a sequel .
Secret Wars II was about the entity that instigated the first Secret Wars , the Beyonder .
The Beyonder visits Earth in search of enlightenment and inevitably comes into conflict with Earth ’s superheroes and the cosmic entities that exist in the Marvel Universe .
It ’s pretty much universally accepted by fans that Secret Wars II was a poorly executed and poorly written series .
Marvel Comics has announced that in February they will release a new hardcover — Secret Wars II Omnibus .
This omnibus will collect all nine issues of the Secret Wars II mini-series , as well as several of the related crossovers .
All told it will reprint 46 comics , be 1168 pages , and retail for $ 99.99 .
Okay , hopefully you ’ve taken a second for all that to sink in .
So I can now say …
WTF , mate ?!?!?
Are you serious ?
Secret Wars II for $ 100 ?
Are they out of their friggin’ minds ?
Seriously , dude !
This is an abysmal comic .
In fact , you can pick up almost every issue of Secret Wars II in your local comic book shop for less than $ 1 an issue ( some of the crossovers can be more expensive ) .
The comics collected in the omnibus include : Secret Wars II issues # 1 - 9 ; New Mutants # 30 and # 36-37 ; Captain America # 308 ; Uncanny X - Men # 196 and # 202-203 ; Iron Man # 197 ; Fantastic Four # 282 , # 285 , #288 and #316-319 ; Web of Spider - Man # 6 ; Amazing Spider - Man # 268 and # 273-274 ; Daredevil # 223 ; Incredible Hulk # 312 ; Avengers # 260-261 and # 265-266 ; Dazzler # 40 ; Alpha Flight # 28 ; Thing # 30 ; Doctor Strange # 74 ; Cloak and Dagger # 4 ; Power Pack # 18 ; Thor # 363 ; Power Man and Iron Fist # 121 ; Peter Parker , Spectacular Spider - Man # 111 ; Defenders # 152 ; Deadpool Team - Up # 1 and Quasar # 8 .
It ’s fair to say that while the primary book Secret Wars II was awful , some of the crossover issues were pretty good .
There were really two categories of crossovers .
Crossover issues that REALLY connected to the Secret Wars II plot , and crossover issues that barely paid lip service to Secret Wars II .
For example , while New Mutants # 30 was a good comic , the Secret Wars II plot point was resolved in three and a half pages .
Obviously Secret Wars II was not integral to the plot of this comic .
Some comics that tied - in to Secret Wars II really benefited from the connection .
My personal favorites were Web of Spider - Man # 6 and Amazing Spider - Man # 268 .
These comics form a two - part story in which Spider - Man has to deal with the collapse of the skyscraper that the Beyonder turned into gold .
While the Beyonder makes no appearance in these issues , the story does spin directly out of Secret Wars II issue # 2 .
There are some great moments dealing with moral issues in this one .
The government secures the building made of gold because it ’s worried about what the influx of this quantity of gold could do to the world economy .
Spider - Man witnesses the Kingpin receiving pay - offs from government agents , while he himself is shot at for trying to help people .
So in a moment of frustration , Spider - Man takes a golden notebook from the skyscraper .
The moral issue becomes whether Spider - Man has the right to take the gold as compensation ( especially since the Kingpin is making a profit from the government ) .
It ’s a well written story by Danny Fingeroth and Tom DeFalco , and is a great example of what classic Spider - Man stories should be like .
A few others worth mentioning are :
Daredevil # 223 written by Denny O’Neil and Jim Shooter in which the Beyonder gives Matt Murdock back his sight .
Thor # 363 and Power Pack # 18 in which they battle Kurse , an extra-dimensional Dark Elf whose powers have been amped by the Beyonder .
This is an unlikely , but nice team - up written by the husband and wife team of Walter & Louise Simonson .
Incredible Hulk # 312 written by Bill Mantlo may not have tied closely into Secret Wars II , but was one of the most influential single issues in Hulk ’s history .
This story explores in - depth Bruce Banner ’s back - story and the horrible relationship he had with his father .
This issue influenced both Peter David ’s run on the book and the Ang Lee film .
And it featured art by Mike Mignola prior to his Hellboy work !
There are some other good Secret Wars II crossovers ( like the Uncanny X - Men books ) , but the ones above happen to be favorites .
All of which you can pick up online for a handful of dollars right now .
If you are considering ordering the Secret Wars II omnibus , ask yourself … why on Earth would I pay $ 100 to read a few good comics and a whole bunch of crappy ones ?!?!?!
I recommend you just pick a comic shop ( brick - and - mortar or online ) and purchase a few of the good crossovers from their back issue selection .
Save your wallet and your brain the pain of the omnibus .
Remember , friends do n’t let friends buy bad comics .
December 12 , 2008 .
In an unexpected move the Bush administration has transferred management responsibility for NASA ’s Constellation Project to Halliburton .
The no -bid contract was announced 10 pm Friday evening .
Reportedly , Halliburton will also take over day to day management of NASA activities .
Halliburton will take immediate responsibility for project management of the new manned launch vehicle system and , eventually , lunar missions planned for the end of the next decade .
Major General ( ret. ) Garman Schlumpet , President of Halliburton Drilling and Space Services , declined to give details of the new arrangement , but did remark that he “ looks forward to working with Mr. Cheney again ” on the upcoming lunar mission .
Halliburton is expected to subcontract significant portions of project management to Blackwater Space Systems ( BSS ) based in Terlott , NC .
Recently , the privately held BSS has denied having an ongoing development program in play to develop payload delivery systems for orbital and suborbital applications .
However , a recently discovered shipping manifest disclosing large quantities of ammonium perchlorate being shipped into the remote North Carolina headquarters has been reported by the Mount Pilot Recorder .
A coalition of adjacent coal mine operators claim they will file an injunction to halt the “ private space program ” from contaminating their pristine mountain valley .
Reportedly , BSS is offering turnkey underground launch facilities as well as launch facility services from their privately held volcanic island in the Caribbean Mauvaise Odeur Island chain .
Italy ’s famously impolitic Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi described U.S. President - elect Barack Obama on Thursday as “ young , handsome and even tanned . ”
Berlusconi appeared to be joking about America ’s first black president at a news conference after talks with Russia ’s president .
It was n’t the only perhaps unwelcome comment about Obama ’s victory .
In a rare conciliatory gesture , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad issued a letter of congratulations .
But the message posted to his official website , president.ir , also advised Obama to overhaul American policies , which Ahmadinejad said were based on “ belligerency , occupation , bullying , demagoguery . ”
Advertisement
Berlusconi , who has a history of controversial remarks , said the relative youth of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , 43 , and Obama , 47 , should make it easier for Moscow and Washington to work together .
Then , smiling , he said through an interpreter , “ I told the president that [ Obama ] has everything needed in order to reach deals with him :
He ’s young , handsome and even tanned . ”
Medvedev did not visibly react .
Berlusconi , 72 , later defended the remark , calling it “ a great compliment .
. . .
If they have the vice of not having a sense of humor , worse for them , ” the ANSA news agency reported .
Advertisement
Berlusconi said the remark was meant to be “ cute ” and he lashed out at those who disagreed , calling them “ imbeciles , of which there are too many . ”
Italy ’s only black lawmaker , Jean - Leonard Touadi , called the comment embarrassing .
In Iran , ordinary citizens hailed the election of the Illinois senator , who has said he would be willing to speak with Iranian leaders without preconditions and has criticized President Bush ’s foreign policy .
Washington and Tehran are locked in a dispute over Iran ’s drive to master sensitive nuclear technology and its support for militant groups throughout the Middle East .
Advertisement
After a flowery introduction , Ahmadinejad said the world wanted the U.S. to change ways that “ have harmed the reputation of America . ”
He also advised Obama to reconsider American support for Israel .
“ The U.S. government is expected to rethink its 60 - year unjust behavior , ” he said , “ and opt for helping nations -- notably the innocent Palestinian , Iraqi and Afghan nations -- fully regain the legitimate rights denied them . ”
The owner of an Indian food store in Bristol has received an apology letter and £ 100 from a former drug addict who stole cigarettes from the shop in 2001 .
Imran Ahmed , 27 , who runs Raja Foods in St Marks Road , Easton , said he was stunned to open the remorseful letter .
It begins : " Dear Sirs , I am writing this letter to make amends to you for something I have done in the past . "
Mr Ahmed said the thief 's change of heart was " really good " and he intends to give the money to a drugs ' charity .
The thief 's letter continues : " About seven years ago I was walking past your shop late one night when I noticed that someone had broken into it .
Make amends " I used this opportunity to enter your shop where I stole 400 cigarettes .
The money enclosed ( £ 100 ) is to pay for those cigarettes which I stole from you .
" At that time I was heavily using drugs and my life was in a mess , now I no longer use drugs and I strive to lead a decent and honest life .
" As part of my ongoing recovery I try to put right all of the wrongs I have done in the past , at least where I can , and this is why I am giving you back the money which I stole from you .
" I regret the harm I caused you in the past and I sincerely apologise to you for it .
" I was very wrong to do this and I hope that returning the money will make up for this harm , at least in some small way . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rep. Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , President - Elect Barack Obama 's choice for chief of staff in his incoming administration , is co-author of a book , The Plan : Big Ideas for America , that calls for , among other things , compulsory service for all Americans ages 18 to 25 .
Emanuel and co-author Bruce Reed insist " this is not a draft , " but go on to write of young men and women , " the nation will enlist them for three months of civilian service . "
They also warn , " [s ] ome Republicans will squeal about individual freedom , " ruling out any likelihood that they would let people opt out of universal citizen service .
Civil Rights Examiner
Elect an unrealistic ideologue , and get the requirements of dogma : pay obeisance with your time .
However , it 's not a terrible idea , in general , to force young people into civil and military service .
It will wake many of them up to parts of reality and turn them conservative .
A Polish white van man who was too sure of his sat - nav ended up neck - deep in a lake after ignoring road signs warning of a dead - end ahead , Polish police said today .
The road has n't been used for a year after it was flooded out when an artificial lake was created .
It was dark and the un-named driver had been drinking , but he still managed to miss three signs warning him there was a lake ahead .
Police said the driver had ' The man took a road that was closed a year ago when the area was flooded to make an artificial lake serving as a water reservoir -- he ignored three road signs warning of a dead - end , ' said Piotr Smolen , police spokesman in Glubczyce , southern Poland .
' It was still night time and he did n't notice the road led into the lake .
His GPS told him to drive straight ahead and he did . '
Mr Smolen added that the driver had been under the influence of alcohol .
The road ran straight downhill into the lake .
The Mercedes mini-van was nearly entirely submerged and was unable to back out on its own after being inundated with water .
The driver and two passengers escaped unharmed from the submerged vehicle and waited on its roof for police and fire rescue crews .
The driver placed the first call to emergency services while still inside the sinking van .
Related Posts : Firemen , Lake , Polish white , Submerged Van
About The Author Bie , that 's my name .
Im just an ordinary blogger .
Ea eam labores imperdiet , apeirian democritum ei nam , doming neglegentur ad vis .
Ne malorum ceteros feugait quo , ius ea liber offendit placerat , est habemus aliquyam legendos id .
Eam no corpora maluisset definitiones .
Share This
Since early September , nearly 100 users have been banned from the San Francisco–based news - sharing site Digg.com .
Speaking out across the blogosphere , some are confused : Did minor crimes warrant erasing their profiles ?
Others are expressing melodramatic mourning for their " fallen comrades . "
One thing they all have in common :
They 're pissed .
It should come as no surprise if Digg , which was started in 2004 , has let some of its power go to its head .
With a community of " diggers " — users who post and vote on story links — numbering more than 30 million , the traffic it sends to popular items on its coveted front page can make or break a Web site .
What many Digg readers do n't realize , however , is that until recently those front - page stories were n't simply chosen by the votes of the masses .
Instead , the site was dominated by a group of ten top diggers , each of whom had submitted thousands of links that made it to the front page .
That is , until they started getting banned .
Digg recently began kicking off users for running scripts — programs that allow them to submit and vote on stories with fewer clicks — which the company said violated its terms of use .
Other diggers , like number three user Zaibatsu , were banned for linking to inappropriate content : in Zaibatsu 's case , a site where a female digger was selling her underwear .
The exiled users feel they should be given a chance to rejoin the Digg community .
In a Sept. 23 article on the Regretful Morning Web site , banned digger Michael Wong explained the appeal that kept him coming back to the site for hours each day : " Even an average Joe like me had the ability to grab the world 's attention . "
Wong refuses to go down without a fight .
He plans to create a new account and keep digging : " So what if I get banned again and again and again ? "
As for Digg itself , company execs seem unsympathetic .
" We ban users who violate our terms of use on a semiregular basis , " senior director of marketing and communications Beth Murphy says .
" These figures are comparable with other socially focused sites . "
End of discussion .
Danah Boyd , a fellow with Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , says the issue is definitely not that simple .
" Digg has this problem where it 's susceptible to people trying to get to the top , " she says .
" When you curb that type of behavior , you create a tension , because the people you 're blocking are n't the marginal ones ; they 're the ones who are most obsessed .
It 's only going to get rougher down the line .
There 's a real monetary incentive in this attention economy .
Front - page stories mean page views and page views mean advertising money . "
One thing 's for sure :
The banning story is big news .
It must be .
One blog post on the topic received 510 diggs , while another got 951 : numbers high enough to qualify them for space on Digg 's front page .
Farm - raised tilapia , one of the most highly consumed fish in America , has very low levels of beneficial omega - 3 fatty acids and , perhaps worse , very high levels of omega - 6 fatty acids , according to new research from Wake Forest University School of Medicine .
The researchers say the combination could be a potentially dangerous food source for some patients with heart disease , arthritis , asthma and other allergic and auto - immune diseases that are particularly vulnerable to an " exaggerated inflammatory response . "
Inflammation is known to cause damage to blood vessels , the heart , lung and joint tissues , skin , and the digestive tract .
" In the United States , tilapia has shown the biggest gains in popularity among seafood , and this trend is expected to continue as consumption is projected to increase from 1.5 million tons in 2003 to 2.5 million tons by 2010 , " write the Wake Forest researchers in an article published this month in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association .
They say their research revealed that farm - raised tilapia , as well as farmed catfish , " have several fatty acid characteristics that would generally be considered by the scientific community as detrimental . "
Tilapia has higher levels of potentially detrimental long - chain omega - 6 fatty acids than 80 - percent - lean hamburger , doughnuts and even pork bacon , the article says .
" For individuals who are eating fish as a method to control inflammatory diseases such as heart disease , it is clear from these numbers that tilapia is not a good choice , " the article says .
" All other nutritional content aside , the inflammatory potential of hamburger and pork bacon is lower than the average serving of farmed tilapia . "
The article notes that the health benefits of omega - 3 fatty acids , known scientifically as " long - chain n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids " ( PUFAs ) , have been well documented .
The American Heart Association now recommends that everyone eat at least two servings of fish per week , and that heart patients consume at least 1 gram a day of the two most critical omega - 3 fatty acids , known as EPA ( eicosapentaenoic acid ) and DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid ) .
advertisement
But , the article says , the recommendation by the medical community for people to eat more fish has resulted in consumption of increasing quantities of fish such as tilapia that may do more harm than good , because they contain high levels of omega - 6 fatty acids , also called n- 6 PUFAs , such as arachidonic acid .
" The ratio of arachidonic acid ( AA ) to very long - chain n- 3 PUFAs ( EPA and DHA ) in diets of human beings appears to be an important factor that dictates the anti-inflammatory effects of fish oils , " the researchers write .
They cite numerous studies , including a recent one that predicts " that changes in arachidonic acid to EPA or DHA ratios shift the balance from pro-inflammatory [ agents ] to protective chemical mediators ... which are proposed to play a pivotal role in resolving inflammatory response " in the body .
For their study , the authors obtained a variety of fish from several sources , including seafood distributors that supply restaurants and supermarkets , two South American companies , fish farms in several countries , and supermarkets in four states .
All samples were snap - frozen for preservation pending analysis , which was performed with gas chromatography .
The researchers found that farmed tilapia contained only modest amounts of omega - 3 fatty acids -- less than half a gram per 100 grams of fish , similar to flounder and swordfish .
Farmed salmon and trout , by contrast , had nearly 3 and 4 grams , respectively .
At the same time , the tilapia had much higher amounts of omega - 6 acids generally and AA specifically than both salmon and trout .
Ratios of long - chain omega - 6 to long - chain omega -3 , AA to EPA respectively , in tilapia averaged about 11:1 , compared to much less than 1:1 ( indicating more EPA than AA ) in both salmon and trout .
advertisement
The article notes that " there is a controversy among scientists in this field as to the importance of arachidonic acid or omega - 6 : omega - 3 ratios vs. the concentration of long - chain omega - 3 alone with regard to their effects in human biology . "
Those issues are raised in an editorial in the same issue of the Journal .
The Wake Forest article anticipates that criticism and notes that one human study involving AA showed a probable gene - nutrient connection to coronary heart disease in a specific group of heart disease patients .
In another study , four subjects were removed after consumption of high amounts of AA due to concerns about the effect of the acid on their blood platelets .
Floyd H. " Ski " Chilton , Ph.D. , professor of physiology and pharmacology and director of the Wake Forest Center for Botanical Lipids , is the senior author of the Journal article .
He said that in next month 's Journal , he will publish a rebuttal to this month 's editorial .
" We have known for three decades that arachidonic acid is the substrate for all pro-inflammatory lipid mediators , " Chilton said in an interview .
" The animal studies say unequivocally that if you feed arachidonic acid , the animals show signs of inflammation and get sick .
" A New England Journal of Medicine article three years ago said if you had heart disease and had a certain genetic makeup , and you ate arachidonic acid , the diameter of your coronary artery was smaller , a major risk factor for a heart attack , " said Chilton .
" My point is that it 's likely not worth the risk in this or other vulnerable populations . "
Chilton said tilapia is easily farmed using inexpensive corn - based feeds , which contain short chain omega - 6s that the fish very efficiently convert to AA and place in their tissues .
This ability to feed the fish inexpensive foods , together with their capacity to grow under almost any condition , keeps the market price for the fish so low that it is rapidly becoming a staple in low - income diets .
" We are all familiar with the classical Hippocratic admonition , Primum no nocere , ' First , do no harm . '
I think it behooves us to consider this critical directive when making dietary prescriptions for the sake of health , " Chilton said .
" Cardiologists are telling their patients to go home and eat fish , and if the patients are poor , they 're eating tilapia .
And that could translate into a dangerous situation . "
Co-authors of the study are Kelly L. Weaver , Ph.D. , Priscilla Ivester , Joshua A. Chilton , Martha D. Wilson , Ph.D. , and Prativa Pandey , all with Wake Forest School of Medicine .
The research was funded by the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine and the Office of Dietary Supplements of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , and by an NIH Molecular Medicine training grant .
似たような話の繰り返しで恐縮ですが、現時点での自分の理解の整理のためのメモ。
前後しますが、こうして改めてまとめてみると、純粋な抽象データ型のオブジェクト指向プログラミングは、メッセージングのオブジェクト指向の影響も多分に受けている
OOAD（分析・設計）のテコ入れ無しには、ちょっと弱っちく＆古くさい感じが否めませんね（何をいまさら…ですが）。^^ ; とはいえ、OOAD は OOP とはまた別のものなので、同じ 「 抽象データ型の〜」あるいは「メッセージングの〜」だからといって対応する
OOP とひとくくりにしてよいかというとそういうわけでもないので（整理・分類上は）難しいところです。
Here ’s a far more non -obnoxious way of doing ads from Ptable.com .
If someone has no adblocker installed , show them the original ad :
If an adblocker is detected , replace the ad with an option for them to donate instead to the site :
If you click the X button , the ad will close and remain closed forever :
Those who click ads are n’t typically donators , and those who block ads would probably prefer to donate so this seems like an effective way of pleasing both parties .
PS : Ironically , I spent 20 minutes trying to figure out why none of my images for this post were uploading before realising that any image with “ ad ” in the name gets blocked by adblock plus .
This explains the naming of the images .
By Ben Cohen
There is now no doubt that President Bush can be regarded as the worst , and most unpopular President in the History of the United States .
According to a CNN poll , Bush has a 76 % disapproval rating , the highest in recorded history .
Here are the numbers :
% Disapprove / Date
G.W. Bush - 76 %/ Nov. 2008
Clinton - 54 %/ Sept. 1994
G.H.W. Bush - 60 % / July 1992
Reagan - 56 % / Jan. 1983
Carter - 59 % / June 1979
Ford - 46 % / April , Nov. , Dec. 1975
Nixon - 66 %/ Aug. 1974
The abandoned heavy machinery from middle Russia , stays there from the Soviet times .
via abandoned.ru
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
their site .
( It 's explained a little bit better in this article . )
With this in mind , it would appear that any clever , enterprising and well - endowed Cracked employee could easily alter those images , as sort of a public embarrassment to El Grafico for being such lazy , thieving fucking cowards .
Huh .
Now , I 'm not saying I would do this - though I do fit all the aforementioned criteria - I 'm just not really tech - savvy enough .
I could n't , say , look at their article where they 've linked to one of our images ...
... and subtly alter it in anyway .
Nope .
Would n't know anything about that .
I 'll admit , it sure is funny , though .
And clever .
Let 's see what other neat little photoshopping tricks I wouldnât know anything about .
Before proceeding , I 'd like to point out that , regardless of whether or not the article in question is taken down by the time of this publishing these are actual screengrabs from El Grafico 's actual website
What it used to look like .
What it used to look like .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Boy , that El Grafico sure does seem to love Nazis .
But , again , I would n't know anything about this image - tampering .
Icertainly would n't know who 's enormous dick shadow that is , looming ominously over that happy couple , ( though if I did know anything , I would add that there 's plenty more where that came from ) .
Alright , let 's see what other images show up on their article .
What it used to look like .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Hey , is that Disco Bernie , the World 's Oldest Male Stripper ?
It is !
At first glance , he might seem like an inappropriate image choice for this article , but , you should know , the literal translation of " El Grafico " is " We Love Cocks and Nazis , " so it 's actually a perfect fit .
Okay , the next entry on the list is about cousins .
Now , inour version of this article , we used a picture of George Michael and Maeby from
GOMA , Congo ( Reuters ) - Park rangers returned to a reserve that is home to nearly a third of the world ’s remaining mountain gorillas Friday , more than a year after fighting forced them to abandon the area , a park chief said .
Mountain gorillas from the Kabirizi family rest in Virunga National Park in this handout photo released by the WildlifeDirect on September 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS /WildlifeDirect / Handout
Armed Tutsi rebels loyal to renegade General Laurent Nkunda occupied the gorilla sector of Virunga National Park in September 2007 , forcing rangers to leave .
An offensive by Nkunda ’s rebels forced the rangers to abandon the rest of the park , Africa ’s oldest , late last month when the Rumangabo park headquarters , from which conservation operations were run , fell to a rebel assault .
Nkunda ’s offensive against the North Kivu provincial capital Goma and other towns in North Kivu province has displaced around 250,000 people , bringing to more than 1 million the number of people displaced by two years of conflict in North Kivu .
“ It is a huge step that all sides have agreed that the protection of Virunga as a World Heritage Site and its mountain gorillas is of sufficient priority to transcend political differences , ” park Director Emmanuel de Merode said in a statement .
After meeting U.N. envoy Olusegun Obasanjo , a former Nigerian president , Nkunda pulled his fighters back from some positions seized during the past few weeks .
The U.N. Security Council agreed Thursday to send 3,000 reinforcements to the Congo peacekeeping force , the world ’s biggest at 17,000 - strong .
“ Rangers are neutral in this conflict , and it is right that they should be allowed to do their job , ” de Merode said .
MOUNTAIN GORILLAS
Virunga ’s gorilla sector is home to 200 of the last remaining 700 mountain gorillas in the world , who live in forested hills on the border with Uganda and Rwanda .
“ The re-establishment of a Ranger presence in Virunga National Park is paramount to the protection of the flora and fauna in the park , ” park authorities said in the statement .
“ The rangers are now planning to initiate a census of the habituated mountain gorillas in coming days ; the last census in August 2007 indicated there are 72 habituated gorillas , but this figure is expected to have changed due to births , death , and interactions , ” it said .
Some of the rangers forced to flee Virunga ended up squatting in squalid refugee camps while they waited to return to their posts .
More than 150 rangers have been killed in eastern Congo in a decade of conflict that has claimed more than 5 million lives -- more than any conflict since World War Two -- through violence , hunger and disease .
Congo ’s five - year regional war officially ended in 2003 , but various armed factions have continued to fight in the east , often competing for valuable resources such as gold and tin mines and timber .
Park authorities say gorillas and other animals such as elephants , hippos and antelopes are vulnerable to the armed groups who roam the hills and forests of eastern Congo , often using National Parks to camp or move around unseen .
The animals also face threats from poachers , squatters and charcoal burners who destroy their forest habitat .
Virunga ’s Gorilla Sector suffered repeated attacks in 2007 during which 10 mountain gorillas were killed .
ALGIERS , Algeria ( AP )  Algeria , Tunisia and Morocco have banned this week 's issue of L'Express International , a French newsmagazine , saying its cover story titled " The Jesus - Muhammad Shock " offended Islam .
The title is the same as a book by one of the magazine 's chief editors .
The newsweekly L'Express said on its website that the series of articles comparing Christianity and Islam was inspired by a meeting this week in Rome between Christian and Muslim scholars , which aims to " help the dialogue between Islam and Christianity . "
L'Express said it did not understand the ban on its international edition in North African countries , particularly because of the pains it took to adhere to Islamic norms .
The magazine covered the face of Islam 's prophet , Muhammad , with a white veil in side - by - side cover portraits of Jesus and Muhammad , in line with Islamic law .
The French edition of the magazine leaves the face uncovered .
Officials at Algeria 's Information Ministry said they banned the magazine Monday for breaking a 1990 press law that forbids foreign media from publishing " illustrations or accounts ... contrary to Islamic morality or national values . "
The officials said some of the L'Express articles comparing Christianity to Islam were considered " pro-Bible . "
They also pointed out that pictures inside the magazine did represent Muhammad 's face — which is not allowed in Islam .
The pictures with his face exposed , however , were from Muslim manuscripts .
The magazine was also banned Monday in neighboring Tunisia , because a government official there said could be considered to be " offensive to Islam and faith or convictions of Mulsims . "
Officials in both countries spoke anonymously because they were n't allowed to discuss government policies .
Morocco's Information Minister Khalid Naciri said only this week 's issue of L'Express International was banned but told The Associated Press he would not hesitate to do so " every time the media offends religion . "
Naciri noted that Morocco had banned a Danish newspaper in 2006 when it published a series of cartoons deemed offensive to the Prophet Muhammad .
The cartoons caused widespread protests across the Muslim world .
Many elite North Africans follow the French media because they have retained close cultural ties to France , the region 's former colonial power .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
How a footballer feigns injury until he realises the ball is coming his way after all ...:)
In San Francisco 's Castro District , people on both sides of the same - sex marriage controversy confronted each other on Friday night , as police tried to keep the peace .
Proposition 8 passed in a close vote and eliminated the right of same - sex couples to marry .
Members of the gay community said that almost every Friday night , a Christian group meets at the corner of Castro and 18th Streets .
They try to convert gays and lesbians into a straight lifestyle .
This Friday night , the message did n't go over well .
Some gays and lesbians reacted by trying to chase the group out of the Castro .
" Their rights were respected , " said Joe Schmitz , an opponent of Prop 8 .
" They got a chance to go ahead and pray on the sidewalk and I had the opportunity to express my freedom of speech which is telling them to get out of my neighborhood . "
San Francisco
Police officers in riot gear formed a line and escorted the religious group into a van to safely get them out of the area .
It was the first time we'd been back in the Castro to do our normal outreach since California Proposition 8 , which defined marriage as " one man with one woman " was passed .
We played the guitar and sang together and worshiped the Lord .
After just singing and worshiping God for a while , Roger decided that we should all hold hands in a circle and continue singing .
So we did .
Someone ( Actually a person who came up and hugged and kissed some of us who he knew from the past ) convinced some people that we were there to protest against the no on 8 campaign .
Then some guy who was dressed up like one of the sisters ( The sisters of perpetual indulgence is a group of men who dress up like nuns and call themselves the spiritual authority of the Castro . ) took a curtain - type thing ( Which I think they use to curse people ) and wrapped it around us .
Then a crowd started gathering .
We began to sing " Amazing Grace " , and basically sang that song the whole night .
( At some points we also sang " Nothing but the Blood of Jesus " and " Oh the Blood of Jesus " . )
At first , they just shouted at us , using crude , rude , and foul language and calling us names like " haters " and " bigots " .
Since it was a long night , I can't even begin to remember all of the things that were shouted and / or chanted at us .
Then , they started throwing hot coffee , soda and alcohol on us and spitting ( and maybe even peeing ) on us .
Then , a group of guys surrounded us with whistles , and blasted them inches away from our ears continually .
Then , they started getting violent and started shoving us .
At one point a man tried to steal one of our Bibles .
Chrisdene noticed , so she walked up to him and said " Hey , that 's not yours , can you please give it back ? " .
He responded by hitting her on the head with the Bible , shoving her to the ground , and kicking her .
I called the cops , and when they got there , they pulled her out of the circle and asked her if she wanted to press charges .
She said " No , tell him I forgive him . "
Afterwards , she did n't rejoin us in the circle , but she made friends with one of the people in the crowd , and really connected heart to heart .
Roger got death threats .
As the leader of our group , people looked him in the eyes and said " I am going to kill you . " , and they were serious .
A cop heard one of them , and confronted him .
( This part is kinda graphic , so you should skip the paragraph if you do n't want to be offended . )
It was n't long before the violence turned to perversion .
They were touching and grabbing me , and trying to shove things in my butt , and even trying to take off my pants - basically trying to molest me .
I used one hand to hold my pants up , while I used the other arm to hold one of the girls .
The guys huddled around all the girls , and protected them .
Soon after , the cops came and stood between us and the mob .
When it was getting more heated , the cops were like " You guys should leave . " and Roger said " We want to stay . "
Someone tried to steal my backpack , but I tapped a cop on the shoulder , and said " Hey , that 's my bag . " and he got it from him and gave it to me .
Others were n't so lucky .
Probably half our team got their jackets stolen .
Eventually , as the crowd was getting more and more uncontrollable , the cops were afraid for our lives , so they escorted us to our van .
( The cops were very nice to us from start to finish . )
Our van was parked pretty far because it was hard to find parking that day .
As the cops escorted us , the mob followed us , until the cops formed a line , and held off the people so we could drive away .
We took the long way home , just in case anyone tried to follow us .
When we got home , we prayed and sang more , and then prayed over each - other .
Please know my heart .
All of what we do is for the Love of Jesus Christ , and the love for those in the Castro .
The Bible says to love God , and then love people .
We can only love because He loved us first .
We can't hate the people because they are just broken and blinded by the spirit of this age .
Our battle is not against flesh and blood , but against Principalities and Powers .
It 's not a political thing , we just love the people .
Posted By : Stonecipher
Oct. 19 , 2008
In the days leading up to the Election we here at The Stonecipher Report will be taking a look at the U.S. Senate races that will help determine whether or not the Democrats end up with the veto - proof majority of 60 seats .
Last week we featured the North Carolina Senate Race between incumbent and former would - be first lady , Elizabeth Dole and North Carolina State Senator Kay Hagen .
As promised in that post , here is a follow - up with plenty of links and videos from the campaign in The Tar Heel State .
Campaign Ads :
In last week 's post , we mentioned the injection of two very important numbers into this campaign - 92 and 93 .
These are the two numbers which were brought up by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ( DSCC ) that have helped Kay Hagen slingshot past Liddy Dole from a double digit deficit to a 4 - point lead .
Here is the now - famous campaign ad that kicked it all off :
Here 's another very effective follow - up from the DSCC :
Those two numbers have been repeated over and over again in this campaign and they seem to be connecting with North Carolina voters .
For Dole 's part , her and her campaign have had a difficult time making a coherent argument against Hagen , a problem many Republican campaigns seem to be having without the 9/11 crutch to lean on .
Here 's a National Republican Senatorial Committee ( NRSC ) anti-Hagen ad in response to the DSCC :
In addition to not being a very effective piece of advertising , the ad is asking voters to question Hagen 's record as a state senator .
The problem with that is that she has been widely praised , across the board , as one of North Carolina 's most effective senators .
In fact , one prominent non-partisan organization called Kay Hagen one of North Carolina 's ten most effective senators .
This one is from the Dole campaign itself .
Seems more effective than the NRSC ad above :
There has been no shortage of television ads in this campaign , and we can't show them all here , but if you would like to see more YouTube has plenty of them .
Just search for Elizabeth Dole or Kay Hagen .
Links for The North Carolina Senate Race :
On Dole 's unwillingness to debate : Dole , Perdue content to avoid debates
Where 's the Outrage ? : NC Senate Race
Dole at a Palin rally : Sen .
Dole wants all her ' rowdy friends ' out on Election Day
Dole spending her own money on the race : Dole commits personal cash to re-election campaign
More Important Links :
Dole 's Campaign Site - http://www.elizabethdole.org/
Dole 's Official U.S. Senate Site - http://dole.senate.gov/public/
Hagen 's Campaign Site - http://www.kayhagan.com/
Hagen in the NC State Senate - http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/gascripts/members/viewMember.pl?sChamber=Senate&nUserID=53
If you have any other important or interesting links to add regarding this election , post them in the comments section below or feel free to email us at StoneTSR@gmail.com .
Also , vote in our new poll below :
Stay tuned for more on The Senate races from The Stonecipher Report .
NASA 's Orbiting Carbon Observatory Arrives at Launch Site
November 12th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Yesterday , NASA ’s first spacecraft built to study carbon dioxide arrived at its California launch site .
After completing final tests , the Orbiting Carbon Observatory will lift off in January 2009 .
Scientists hope that the observatory ’s launch will give us a better understanding of carbon dioxide and Earth ’s carbon cycle .
The observatory should answer key questions about where absorbed CO2 from human emissions is stored , what processes are involved , and whether these processes will continue on their current path .
After launching into 438 - mile near - polar , sun-synchronous orbit , the observatory will map the planet every sixteen days and will stay in space for a total of two years .
During its orbit , the observatory will use three high - resolution spectrometers to detect the amounts of individual gases in Earth ’s atmosphere .
Hopefully , the data gleaned from the observatory will help us better prepare for global warming ’s effects — and will likely quiet many skeptics .
Photo Credit : NASA
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 22 , 2008
It ’s change we can believe in .
President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and CFR member Tim Geithner will take over the job of administering the banker bailout in January .
NBC ’s Chuck Todd and former Fed mob boss Alan Greenspan ’s wife , Andrea Mitchell , report on Obama ’s nomination of Treasury bureaucrat and CFR member Tim Geithner to head up the Treasury .
“ NBC News has learned that the president - elect is preparing to roll out his economic team on Monday — and will personally announce the team and answer questions — part of an effort to reassure markets , ” writes Domenico Montanaro for MSNBC .
It looks like a more seasoned insider will be pulling Geithner ’s strings .
“ Former Treasury Secretary Summers — also considered for the post — might still play a major future role in the Obama administration , according to sources . ”
The bankers wanted Summers as giveaway executor but he is politically unacceptable .
He blurted out “ controversial comments ” on “ gender issues ” while lording over Harvard .
Sexism does not play well with the politically correct image of a diversified Obama administration .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Geithner was a senior fellow in the Economics Department of the Council on Foreign Relations and director of the Policy Development and Review Department at the International Monetary Fund .
After obtaining an M.A. in International Economics and East Asian Studies from Johns Hopkins University ’s School of Advanced International Studies in 1985 , Geithner went to work for Kissinger and Associates .
In 1988 , he joined the International Affairs division of the U.S. Treasury Department and was named president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 2003 .
He is also a member of the Rockefeller “ financial advisory body , ” the Group of Thirty , an organization comprised of members from the Bank of England , the European Central Bank , the Federal Reserve , Citicorp and Citibank , the China Construction Bank , Morgan Stanley , JP Morgan Chase , in short the very heart of the international banking elite .
In June , Gary Weiss wrote that Geithner was a “ central figure ” in the “ drama ” that was J.P. Morgan Chase acquisition of Bear Stearns .
“ It was Geithner ’s Federal Reserve bank , not the Treasury , that came up with the $ 29 billion loan that made the deal possible or , more precisely , acceptable to J.P. Morgan . ”
In other words , Geithner was taking orders directly from the international bankers .
He is also cozy with AIG , Lehman , and Goldman Sachs .
Obama ’s choice of a Federal Reserve , CFR , and Rockefeller insider reveals there will be no change for the plebs , but more of the same and then some — a continuation of pillage and debt slavery .
It means we will continue to be subjected to international monetary and trade agreements at the behest of the international bankers and the corporatists .
It means our sovereignty will be further eroded and the self - perpetuating cycle of borrowing will continue .
It means the bankster plan to loot the country , consolidate wealth , and turn the United States into a third world country based on the China slave labor gulag model will move forward .
It ’s change we can believe in .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This year , we ’ve been all over the place , including almost a full month in Germany , so we ’ve had plenty of opportunity to stretch our palates ( corrective surgery scheduled for the New Year ) .
After some bickering in the pub , and in no particular order , here are the 10 beers we ’ve tried and enjoyed the most in 2008 .
Uerige Alt — like a British ale , but not , thanks to some subtle , intangible quality of the yeast and the wonderful , alien manners and customs of the Duesseldorf pub scene .
Oakham Hawse Buckler — dark , strong , heavy , hoppy as Hell , with that combination of chocolate orange / coffee and grapefruit people either love or hate .
Zywiec Porter — was this sticky , treacly Baltic porter as good as we thought , or were we just delighted to finally get our hands on it after a couple of years hunting ?
Brewdog Punk IPA — smart marketing means we ’ll be seeing this being swigged from the bottle by trendy types all over the country by next Christmas .
And a good thing too , as it ’s full of flavour and full of life .
SternBrau - Scheubel dunkel - rauch — the highlight of the first Zeitgeist beer festival , organised by Stonch and Biermania , was this smoky , amber wonder which was so good , we drank them dry .
Mahrs Brau Ungespundete — our return trip to Bamberg was a bit of ticking session but this is one beer of which we wanted second - helpings : dark , cloudy , spicy and liquorice - like .
Vollbier , Brauerei Meister , Unterszaunsbach — this dark , ale - like dark German beer tasted great , although that might have been something to do with the fact we ’d trekked over most of Franconia to get to it , and because the lady in the pub was nice to us …
U Fleku , Prague — treacly sweet and fruity sour , the black beer here is a wonder ; shame the pub ’s such a world - class hole .
Kout na Sumave desitka , Prague — we ’d never have found this one ourselves — Velky Al recently described is as the best lager in the Czech republic .
Have n’t had enough Czech beers to compare ( can one ever ? ) but this was a beautiful easy - drinker with an impressive hop flavour .
Frueh Koelsch ( but not out of a bottle ) — we were n’t that impressed when we first tried Frueh at the brewery tap in Cologne , but have now been back twice — it ’s so subtle and so perfect that it ’s become our favourite whenever we ’re passing through Cologne .
Velky
Al has been rounding up his beers of the year , which is where we nicked the idea what inspired us .
USDA : SHAME ON YOU FOR USING OUR KIDS Joyce Morrison
February 29 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com ï¿ ½Here son , letï¿½s get that good lookinï¿½ steer up here on the scales , ï¿½ said Joe , the volunteer who was weighing in 4 - H steers .
ï¿
½He looks like a winner - you takinï¿½ him to State this year ?
If you are , we need to put the required Electronic Identification tag in him .
You ï¿½ve got your Premise ID number on his papers - so you are ready to show this big guy .ï¿½ ï¿ ½Sarah , Sarahï¿½. what were you thinking ?
You can ï¿½t exhibit your steer without a Premise Identification number .
You know Illinois is requiring a Premise ID number for all 4 - H cattle entries , ï¿½ said Joe .
That ï¿½s the way the 4 - H weigh - in went Saturday when the kids took their very best steers to be weighed in for ï¿½rate of gainï¿½ in preparation for competition at the County Fair in July .
Sadly , the volunteer and the 4 - H exhibitor didnï¿½t know what they were doing to their farms and livestock herds with Premise ID numbers and electronic ID tags .
In an urgent move to push the Federal USDA National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) on Illinois producers , children are forced to have a Premise Identification number of the property where their animal is kept or they cannot compete .
The Illinois Department of Agriculture has placed a mandate on Illinois 4 - H exhibitors ï¿½. but is it legal ?
The NAIS is a national program being promoted in every state .
It is supposed to be a voluntary federal program .
When fully implemented , it will require a premise registration number even if you only have one horse , cow , pig , chicken , sheep , goat , deer , elk , bison , or virtually any livestock animal .
In general , a premises is a location where livestock are raised , held , or boarded .
Since most people live near their livestock , owners will be forced to register their home .
This will include the ownerï¿½s name , address and telephone number and keyed to Global Positioning System coordinates in a government database under a 7 digit ï¿½premises ID number .
Most animals will be required to have a Radio Frequency Identification tag ( RFID ) .
Texas attorney , Judith McGeary of Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance points out that the government documents show the owner will be required to report within 24 hours or by the close of the next business day :
The application of every animalï¿½s ID tag every time the animal loses a tag or a tag is replaced .
The slaughter or death of an animal
If any animal is missing
ï¿ ½Commingling ï¿½ events including both private and public sales and shows ( User Guide p 36 - 37 ) 2007 Illinois State Fair attendees reported they saw 4 - H kids and other minors being enticed to register for a Premise ID .
The said ï¿½kids could register their family farm , their grandparentï¿½s farm or any farm .ï¿½
If they signed up , they were rewarded with a burger , a cap or some other item as a paltry bribe .
( It is unknown who was behind this unscrupulous act . )
It isnï¿½t just 4 - H kids .
It has been reported that students have been assisted by their agriculture teachers in securing a premise ID number for the property where their livestock is kept .
Although the Premise ID number is for perpetuity - ( meaning that ID number is assigned for as long as that property exists ï¿½ regardless of ownership ) - the owner of that property may not even know he has a number because a ï¿½minorï¿½ - who has no authorization from the property owner - was coerced into registering the property without the ownerï¿½s knowledge .
There are many instances of renters of property securing a Premise ID number without the knowledge of the owner .
The US Department of Agriculture gave the Future Farmers of America $ 600,000 to promote Premise ID .
The FFA ï¿½s goal is to register 50,000 more premises by the partnershipï¿½s end on May 31 , 2008 , according to Bruce Knight , undersecretary for the USDA ï¿½s marketing and regulatory programs in the article , ï¿ ½National FFA Organization partners with USDA to advance National Animal Identification System.ï¿½
Exhibitors are told that it is for their own good because ï¿ ½they donï¿½t want to put their animals in contact with animals that might have a disease .ï¿½
For years health papers are required for the exhibited animals and the papers have all the needed information to track the animal .
Remember how stupid you felt when you got the answer wrong to , ï¿ ½where will you bury the survivors of a plane that crashed on the border of U.S. and Canada ?
Of course the answer is ï¿ ½you wonï¿½t be burying the survivors .ï¿½
How will an electronic ear tag and Premise ID number stop your animal from contracting a disease ?
The answer is - ï¿½it wonï¿½t .ï¿½
There are already health papers on the animals .
The veterinarian is the one who would have the information on whose animal was sick ; it certainly wouldnï¿½t appear on the ear tag or Premise ID number .
Very few 4 - H and FFA livestock owners represent large herds .
Most are small operations that try to excel in certain breeds or high quality mixed breeds .
These herds are kept in extremely good condition because losing one animal would cut deep into their profit .
Why then , is this group being targeted ?
Colorado was one of the first states to require 4 - H and FFA compliance with the USDA ï¿½voluntary ï¿½ mandated program .
Legislators currently have legislation in process to stop the mandates .
An article from ï¿ ½Live from the Colorado Legislatureï¿½ said ï¿½state agriculture and fair officials trotted out more than a dozen witnesses , including animal disease and homeland security experts .
They maintained the Premise ID information is critical to helping prevent livestock disease outbreaks - and protecting consumers - by swiftly tracking and containing contagious critters .ï¿½ Rep .
Wes McKinley , D - Walsh , called the disqualification ï¿½heavy - handed bullying government against the kids , ï¿½ when he spoke about two youngsters who ï¿½were booted from the State Fair junior livestock sale for violating the new ï¿½premise identification ï¿½ rule .ï¿½ ï¿½They ï¿½re pushing their program by using these kids , ï¿½ he said .
Colorado already has a tried and true tracking system : the more than 100 old brand inspection program and veterinary animal inspections .
But there ï¿½s big USDA money that goes into promoting this program , so , of course they donï¿½t want to lose their money , ï¿½ McKinley said in the article .
USDA has earmarked $ 6 million to work with organizations to help with premises registration .
It was reported that Illinois State Director of Agriculture , Chuck Hartke , basically told a large group in Hancock County , IL the 4 - H kids had this requirement because he said so .
The Hartke name is well known in the pork production industry .
USDA partnerships have already been created with the National Pork Producers Council and the National Pork Board as well as other large agricultural groups .
ï¿½This thing 's ( NAIS ) so stinky , I would n't pull it behind my tractor with 40 feet of rope , " quoting a farmer in the hometown publication , The Hightower Lowdown .
Illinois lawmakers are in the process of drafting legislation to protect their 4 - H and FFA exhibitors from Premise Identification mandates .
Contact your legislator and encourage him to support this legislation .
Below is a ï¿ ½Top 10 ï¿½ list in opposition to premises registration , compiled by R - CALF USAï¿½s Animal ID Committee : Registering a premises with the Federal government without receiving just compensation constitutes a voluntary surrender of any constitutional rights ï¿½ right of property and freedom from unreasonable governmental searches ï¿½ associated with registered premises .
Registering a premises with the Federal government without receiving just compensation constitutes a voluntary submission to any invasion of private property rights and government intrusion into private business operations associated registered premises .
Registering a premises without entering into a contract that expressly limits the Federal governmentï¿½s authority over the premises may result in subjecting the premises and its registrant to any and all future rules , regulations and policies that the Federal government may later decide to impose on such registrants .
Registering a premises under the guise of protecting against the spread of Foreign Animal Diseases effectively gives the Federal government a license to abandon the most effective means of preventing Foreign Animal Diseases in the first place ï¿½ disallowing imports from disease - affected countries .
Registering a premises without entering into a contract that expressly prohibits the Federal government from allowing access to premises information could subject the registrant to unwanted exposure to other Federal and state agencies and animal rights extremists .
Registering a premises could result in greater legal exposure of cattle producers for events that occur after the registrantï¿½s cattle leave the farm or ranch .
Registering a premises would result in the voluntary inclusion of the registrants ï¿½ farm , ranch , home , and cattle to a general system of permanent registration of personal property that currently is only applicable to items that could be highly dangerous if misused ï¿½ automobiles and guns .
A registered premises alone provides no greater disease trace - back potential than simply knowing the owner of the animal or animals in question , unless there is far more to the Federal governmentï¿½s plan than to simply obtain registered premises .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Premises registration is the foundational building block needed by the Federal government to immediately implement a full - scale , mandatory National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) , with little to no input from cattle producers .
Voluntary premises registration sends a strong signal to the Federal government that U.S. cattle producers give the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) a high approval rating for all the agencyï¿½s policies and actions that impact U.S. cattle producers ï¿½ it demonstrates that U.S. cattle producers have the utmost faith and trust in the USDA ï¿½s past , present and future actions .
ï¿½ 2008 Joyce Morrison - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts E-Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Joyce Morrison attempts to educate the public regarding the dangers coming to their local communities through Sustainable Development and Agenda 21 programs which are designed to gradually take control of all private property through undue regulations .
Morrison writes for Eco-logic Powerhouse , NewsWithViews.com , Range Magazine , SOWER magazine as well as numerous other publications .
She is a weekly participant on the teleconference of the Illinois Policy Institute , a conservative think tank and is a pro-life , pro-family activist .
She is a chapter leader for Concerned Women for America as well as Secretary to the Board of Directors of Rural Restoration / ADOPT Mission , a national farm ministry located in Sikeston , MO. FarmersRuralRestoration.com .
Her most enjoyable time is spent teaching a senior adult Sunday School class which is a focus on hope and encouragement .
E- Mail : dayspring365@yahoo.com
Home
The NAIS is a national program being promoted in every state .
It is supposed to be a voluntary federal program .
When fully implemented , it will require a premise registration number even if you only have one horse , cow , pig , chicken , sheep , goat , deer , elk , bison , or virtually any livestock animal .
Email to a friend
Democratic Party control could ban mandatory arbitration , expert says
11/17/2008
Jan Dennis , Business & Law Editor
217-333-0568 ; jdennis@illinois.edu
Click photo to enlarge Photo by L. Brian Stauffer Michael LeRoy , a professor of law and of labor and employment relations , says Democratic Party control in Washington could restore lawsuits as an option for workers and consumers now forced to settle disputes through mandatory arbitration that gives employers and businesses an unfair edge .
Obama Gets Most Coverage , Much of It on False Rumor He Is a Muslim
Religion played a much more significant role in the media coverage of President - elect Barack Obama than it did in the press treatment of Republican nominee John McCain during the 2008 presidential campaign , but much of the coverage related to false yet persistent rumors that Obama is a Muslim .
Meanwhile , there was little attempt by the news media during the campaign to comprehensively examine the role of faith in the political values and policies of the candidates , save for those of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin .
And when religion - focused campaign stories were covered by the mainstream press , often the context was negative , controversial or focused on a perceived political problem .
In all , religion was a significant but not overriding storyline in the media coverage of the 2008 campaign .
But in a campaign in which an Obama victory would give the U.S. its first black president , religion received as much coverage in the media as race .
These are some of the findings of a new study of the coverage of religion in the campaign conducted by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism and Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
The study examined religion - focused election coverage in 48 different news outlets between June 1 and Oct. 15 , 2008 .
( Report methodology [ anchor link ] is included at the bottom of the report . )
The “ culture war ” issues that have been prominent in past elections , such as abortion and gay marriage , received minimal attention in 2008 .
The coverage they did receive tended to come in the form of reaction to statements by the candidates and quickly receded without generating any sustained narrative .
When Palin was introduced to the nation as McCain ’s running mate , her parenting choices raised the issue of abortion , but only momentarily .
In one of the more episodic narratives – evangelical megachurch pastor Rick Warren ’s presidential forum held at his church – the candidates ’ answers on a question about abortion gained attention in the press the week of the event .
But the religious electorate – including evangelical voters – received relatively scant attention from the press during the general election , despite the Obama campaign ’s aggressive outreach efforts and the subsequent gains made among these religious groups on Election Day .
Among the key findings :
Press narratives tied to religion accounted for 4 % of the general election campaign ’s “ newshole ” – the time or space available in an outlet for news content .
While this was less than coverage of the Iraq war ( 6 % ) or the economic crisis ( 9 % ) , it was more prominent than coverage of energy issues ( 2 % ) and the environment ( less than 1 % ) , and equal to coverage of the Republican National Convention ( 4 % ) .
During the general election , storylines related to religion received as much attention by the press as those that focused on race ( 4 % ) .
Far more of the religion storylines involved Obama , and most of these involved controversy or had an unfavorable cast .
In all , Obama was the lead newsmaker in more than half ( 53 % ) of the religion - focused campaign stories .
By contrast , McCain was the focus of just 9 % . Palin ( 19 % ) was more tied to religion than her running mate , though less so than Obama .
Examination of Palin ’s family values , church background and related issues made up one - fourth of the newshole devoted to religion in the campaign .
The single biggest religion storyline in the general election phase of the campaign centered on rumors that the Democratic nominee , who is a mainline Protestant Christian , is a Muslim ( 30 % ) .
An additional 5 % of the religion - focused coverage dealt with evangelical broadcaster James Dobson ’s criticism of Obama ’s positions .
But despite the largely negative focus of the Obama religion coverage , a Pew Forum analysis of exit polls shows nearly every religious group measured supported him in greater numbers than they supported Democratic nominee John Kerry four years ago .
The notion of “ pastor problems , ” or candidates ’ associations with controversial religious figures , was a clear narrative in campaign coverage .
All four candidates faced coverage focusing on religious figures .
Attention to clerics Jeremiah Wright , Michael Pfleger and John Hagee alone made up 11 % of religion coverage in the general election .
A feature of much of this coverage was replaying of the inflammatory recorded words and video images of these ministers .
Circulated on cable news , talk radio and the Internet , these recordings were used to scrutinize the candidates ’ judgment in associating with such figures .
The Aug. 16 Saddleback Civil Forum on the Presidency , moderated by Warren at his California megachurch , drew brief but intense media coverage .
It made up 10 % of all campaign coverage the week it occurred but quickly dropped to 5 % the following week .
By the end of August , it was no longer a major press topic at all .
Still , that was enough to have that one event account for 11 % of religion - focused campaign coverage in the general election .
Culture war issues were not a driving narrative of this election cycle .
The extent to which they were present , they emerged late in the campaign and were largely tied to the nomination of Palin .
Together , social issues – including abortion , gay marriage and stem cell research – composed 9 % of religion - focused campaign news but less than 1 % of campaign news overall .
Abortion was by far the biggest of these , again , largely focused on Palin .
The study examined 7,592 campaign stories from 48 news outlets during the general election , from June 1 , 2008 , the week that the primaries ended and Hillary Clinton suspended her campaign , to Oct. 15 , 2008 , the day of the last presidential debate .
The 283 stories in which religion played a significant role were analyzed in greater depth .
This study builds on an earlier one jointly conducted by the Project for Excellence in Journalism and the Pew Forum that examined media coverage of religion in the primary campaign ( see methodology [ anchor link ] ) .
That earlier study is in some cases referred to here for comparison .
The projects are both funded by the Pew Charitable Trusts .
The Seattle Times Company , publisher of the Seattle Times lost 98 % of its value in the past four years .
In 2004 , newspaper broker Dirks , Van Essen & Murray put the value of the company at $ 900 million .
Two years later McClatchy purchased a 49.5 % share of the paper from Knight Ridder , which valued the paper at $ 240 million .
McClatchy has regularly written down the value of the company since and in a federal filing dated Nov. 7 , it valued its 49.5 % stake in the company at $ 7.9 million .
The Times is privately held , so these figures might prove wrong , but if you own a newspaper , or your inheritance is dependent upon a newspaper , take this as a warning , and think about selling before there is no value left .
See Also : New York Times Cash Crunch Negative Worth
New York Times Dividend Cut Could Make Sale More Likely
Employees and guests of the Taj Mahal Palace hotel are rescued by fire crews
Gunmen have carried out a series of co-ordinated attacks across the Indian city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) , killing 101 people and injuring 287 more .
At least seven high - profile locations were hit in India 's financial capital , including two luxury hotels where dozens of hostages are being held .
The buildings are now ringed by troops .
Gunmen are also said to be holding people captive in an office block .
Police say four suspected terrorists have been killed and nine arrested .
Attacks leave India reeling Witnesses tell of violence
In pictures : Mumbai attacks
As day broke in Mumbai , the situation on the ground was still confused with reports of gunfire and explosions at between seven and 16 locations .
The city 's main commuter train station , a hospital , a restaurant and two hotels - locations used by foreigners as well as local businessmen and leaders - were among those places caught up in the violence .
Commandos have surrounded the two hotels , the Taj Mahal Palace and the Oberoi Trident , where it is believed that the armed men are holding dozens of hostages .
In other developments : • Fire crews evacuate people from the upper floors of the Taj Mahal Palace , where police say a grenade attack caused a blaze •
The head of Mumbai 's anti-terrorism unit and two other senior officers are among those killed , officials say • The White House holds a meeting of top intelligence and counter - terrorism officials , and pledges to help the Indian government • Trading on India 's Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange markets will remain closed on Thursday , officials say .
See detailed map of the area Gunmen opened fire at about 2300 local time ( 1730 GMT ) on Wednesday at the sites in southern Mumbai .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Local TV images showed blood - splattered streets , and bodies being taken into ambulances .
One eyewitness told the BBC he had seen a gunman opening fire in the Taj Mahal 's lobby .
" We all moved through the lobby in the opposite direction and another gunman then appeared towards where we were moving and he started firing immediately in our direction . "
One British tourist said she spent six hours barricaded in the Oberoi hotel .
BOMB ATTACKS IN INDIA IN 2008 30 October : Explosions kill at least 64 in north - eastern Assam 30 September : Blasts in western India kill at least seven 27 September : Bomb blasts kills one in Delhi 13 September : Five bomb blasts kill 18 in Delhi 26 July :
At least 22 small bombs kill 49 in Ahmedabad 25 July : Seven bombs go off in Bangalore killing two people 13 May : Seven bomb hit markets and crowded streets in Jaipur killing 63
International reaction " There were about 20 or 30 people in each room .
The doors were locked very quickly , the lights turned off , and everybody just lay very still on the floor , " she said .
A BBC correspondent outside the landmark Taj Mahal Palace said there were gunshots between police and the armed men , and that 11 officers were killed in the skirmishes .
Eyewitness reports suggest the attackers singled out British and American passport holders .
If the reports are true , our security correspondent Frank Gardner says it implies an Islamist motive - attacks inspired or co-ordinated by al - Qaeda .
A claim of responsibility has been made by a previously unknown group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen .
Our correspondent says it could be a hoax or assumed name for another group .
The motive is far from clear - but the attacks come amid elections in several Indian states , including in disputed Kashmir .
On Thursday , reports said five gunmen had taken hostages in an office block in the financial district of Mumbai .
There has been a wave of bombings in Indian cities in recent months which has left scores of people dead .
Most of the attacks have been blamed on Muslim militants , although police have also arrested suspected Hindu extremists .
Mumbai itself has also been attacked in the past : in July 2006 a series of bomb attacks on busy commuter trains killed almost 190 people and injured more than 700 .
Police accused Pakistan 's intelligence agency of planning those attacks , which they said were carried out by an Islamist militant group , Lashkar - e - Toiba .
Pakistan rejected the allegation , saying there was no evidence that its intelligence staff were involved .
But the latest shootings come at a time when ties between India and Pakistan have improved .
Just days ago Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari told a summit in Delhi that Pakistan would not be first to carry out a missile strike on India .
The two countries have a joint anti-terror mechanism whereby they are supposed to share information on terrorist attacks .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are tons of apps out there , even ones for personal finance !
Here are a few of our favorite apps for monitoring and improving bad credit .
Unlike reminders to pay your bills , information about your credit score does n't appear automatically in your inbox , mailbox , or on your phone .
You have to seek it out .
That could be why many people have no idea what their credit score even is .
Only 33 % of Americans have even looked at their credit report .
And only 41 % of Americans understand what their credit score actually measures .
But even if you understand what affects your credit score , it can still be hard to improve your number .
Bills can slip through the cracks .
Emergency expenses can cause you to miss a credit card payment and a sudden change in your financial situation — like losing a job or having unexpected medical expenses — can make it impossible to stay on top of your debt .
And when that happens , your score can plummet .
But you should n't freak out .
If you 're willing to put in the effort , rebuilding your credit is possible .
These days , our friends in Silicon Valley and elsewhere have been hunkered away building some amazing new apps to help us manage our spending , earnings , savings , and budget .
By using apps that can help with the most challenging aspects of managing your credit , you can make the whole process easier .
You can even automate some of the steps , which means you 'll build better credit without even thinking about it .
And better credit means lower premiums , better rates on your loans , and more money in your pocket to chip away at your debt .
CreditKarma
CreditKarma makes it easy to keep an eye on your credit score .
The app tracks your credit score from two of the three major credit bureaus ( TransUnion and Equifax ) and provides weekly updates .
You 'll get alerts if your score suddenly dips due to a missed payment or credit inquiry , which is super helpful because combing through your credit reports for errors can be a pretty boring task .
The app can also help you raise your score by building a better credit history with helpful tips , loan recommendations , and resources like Direct Dispute .
Key features
Credit score 411 .
Monitor your credit score with weekly updates from two credit bureaus , and get alerts when anything changes .
Error management .
If you notice an error on your credit report , use the Direct Dispute feature with TransUnion directly through the app .
( And that means you 're much more likely to actually do it ! )
Approval assistance .
The Approval Odds feature lets you know which loans you 're likely to get approved for .
Not only can getting approved — and therefore having more credit available — help your score , but it can also cut back on the number of credit inquiries on your report .
Each time you apply for a loan , the lender pulls your credit report , also known as an inquiry .
Too many inquiries in a short period of time can lower your score , but Approval Odds may help you avoid racking up inquiries by nudging you toward loans and accounts that are suitable for you .
Available platforms .
CreditKarma is available for both Apple and devices .
Credit Sesame
Like other credit monitoring apps , CreditSesame lets you check your credit score and alerts you to any suspicious activity on your accounts .
You 'll only get your score from one credit bureau , TransUnion , instead of all three , but CreditSesame stands out by offering $ 50,000 in identity theft insurance to every user .
Yep , even with the free version .
If your data is breached or your credit card is stolen , this can help you cover any expenses you incur — like legal fees , or taking time off work to get everything sorted out — so you do n't have to dip into your savings .
CreditSesame also offers a Debt Analysis tool , which can help you learn what 's affecting your score and what you can do to improve it .
Key features
Credit score monitoring .
Your credit score is updated monthly through TransUnion .
Theft protection .
Identity theft insurance covers any expenses you might incur if your personal information is stolen .
Homeowner help .
For homeowners , CreditSesame offers a home value monitoring tool that can help determine your home 's current value and how much equity you 've earned .
Available platforms .
CreditSesame is available for both Apple and Android devices .
Mint
Your payment history has the biggest impact on your credit score , but it 's not easy keeping track of what 's due , when , and how on earth you 're going to pay for it .
And if you 're not following a budget , it can be easy to overspend , making you more likely to miss a payment or rack up additional debt , both of which can ding your credit score .
Mint helps you create a budget , stick to it , and pay your bills on time , all of which can help boost your score over time .
Key features
Analyze your spending .
When you link your Mint account to your credit card and bank account , it automatically sorts your expenses into categories ( like groceries or gas ) .
This helps you can clearly see what you 're spending each month and where there 's room to save .
Set a budget .
The app helps you create a budget based on your current income and expenses .
So if you notice you spent $ 254 at restaurants last month , for example , you can set a budget of $ 150 instead .
The app will alert you when you get close to that cap .
Pay your bills .
The Mint app can alert you when bills are almost due , and you can even use it to pay bills online , so you 're not logging in to a million different payment websites each month .
Available platforms .
Mint is available for both Apple and Android devices .
Debt Payoff Planner
If you 're carrying a lot of debt , it can be a credit - score killer .
By chipping away at your debt , you 'll improve your credit utilization ratio .
Say , for example , you have three credit cards , each with a $ 500 balance and a $ 2,000 limit .
Out of $ 6,000 available to you , you 're using $ 1,500 — or 25 % .
If you paid off one of those credit cards , you'd be using $ 1,000 out of the $ 6,000 available — closer to 15 % .
This can make a big difference to your score because your ratio is the second biggest factor influencing your credit score .
But figuring out the best get - out - of - debt strategy can be confusing .
There are two common methods :
" Debt Avalanche " — pay off the debt with the highest interest rate first Dave Ramsey 's " Debt Snowball " — pay off the smallest balance first , so you get a sense of accomplishment ( which can inspire you to keep plugging away at your financial goals )
The Debt Payoff Planner app can help you decide which of those methods is better for your financial situation .
Plug in your current debts and how much you can afford to put toward them each month , and the app will show you how long it would take to pay off your debt using each method .
Key features
Number crunching .
If math is n't your strong point , this debt tracker app will do the calculations for you , so you know which payoff method will help you get rid of debt fastest .
Personal planning .
If you can afford to make a little more than the monthly payment — even if it 's just an extra $ 10 per month — Debt Payoff Planner can show you exactly how those additional payments will affect your balance .
Resources .
The app also includes tips and info on topics like debt consolidation , balance transfers , and faster payoff .
Available platforms .
Debt Payoff Planner is available for both Apple and Android devices .
YNAB
YNAB , which stands for You Need a Budget , is an online budgeting and expense - tracking tool with a very devoted base of users .
As a blogger at Coosa Valley Credit Union wrote , " Can a budget app have a cult following ?
Apparently , yes ! "
The web version syncs to your credit cards and bank accounts , while the mobile companion app lets you manually enter expenses while you 're out and about .
For example , you can log the $ 2 coffee you paid cash for , and the info will automatically sync to your account .
YNAB can help you improve your credit score by guiding you to set a budget and stick to it so you do n't rack up credit card debt .
According to a review at Investor Junkie , the app does this by helping users identify where they spend their money , budget for big expenses like annual insurance premium or family vacations .
And you learn to adjust their budget when the unexpected happens .
The app's Debt Paydown features offer tools and tutorials to help you create a plan for chipping away at the debt you already have .
One catch :
It 's only free for the first 34 days .
After that , you 'll be billed $ 50 annually for the service , which can be a stretch if your finances are already tight .
But the app claims that new users typically save $ 200 their first month , and a few thousand in the first nine months .
The trial period can help you decide if your results justify the annual cost .
Key features
Expense management .
If you 've created a family budget but find yourself forgetting to write down expenses , YNAB can help by automatically tracking every dollar you spend .
Easy analysis .
YNAB is focused on helping users take control of their finances , get out of debt , and set financial goals .
Seeing your progress in graphs and pie charts can make it easier to understand where your money is going and how you can save .
Budget boost .
The web - based app makes it easy to set a budget , which can help you lower your monthly expenses .
The money you save each month can be put toward paying down debt , which will ultimately help boost your credit score .
Available platforms .
Formally a web - based service , YNAB also offers a companion app available for both Apple and Android devices .
Wallaby
Your financial situation can change day to day , and it can be hard to stay on top of everything .
Even if you 're carefully tracking your expenses , you may overlook other changes like the interest rate on your credit card going up , or hidden fees on your bank account .
Wallaby bills itself as a " financial sidekick " that can alert you to any changes , fees , rewards , or rate hikes .
Wallaby can also help you earn more rewards on the money you spend .
Based on your location , the app will recommend the best card in your wallet .
For example , if you 're at a restaurant , the app might suggest a card in your wallet that earns double or triple points on dining purchases .
And , of course , earning rewards can mean more money in your pocket , which can go toward paying bills on time or lowering your debt .
Key features
Watch your dollars .
This app will help track your spending from every conceivable angle .
Money - saving alerts .
Get notified when there are changes to your account , like hidden fees or higher interest rates .
Location - based rewards tracker .
Find out which credit card in your wallet will earn you the most points at your current location .
Available platforms .
Wallaby is available for both Apple and Android devices .
Discover Credit Scorecard
Before you can work on improving your credit , it helps to know exactly where you stand and what you need to work on .
As the folks at myFICO put it ( and they know , since myFico is the go - to service for understanding your credit report ) , " Credit score repair begins with your credit report . "
But many people have no idea what their credit score is until they try to open a loan .
So how can you find out what your FICO score is before you actually need it ?
As you may know , everyone is entitled to receive a free copy of their credit report through AnnualCreditReport.com , the only website authorized by the Federal Trade Commission .
But there 's a downside :
While you 'll be able to view your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus ( Experian , Equifax , and TransUnion ) , your numerical score is n't included .
That 's where the Discover Credit Scorecard comes in .
Simply sign up — even if you 're not a Discover customer — and answer a few questions to confirm your identity .
You 'll be able to see your FICO score right away .
As a review at Credit Sesame notes , " There 's no catch .
You do n't need to be a cardmember , and as long as you are willing to submit your personal information , you can see your score for free . "
Key features
Credit score 101 .
Learn your FICO score , and find out which factors are affecting your credit score — for better or worse — so you know where you need to improve .
Free for all .
You do n't need to be a cardmember to use the online tool .
Easy access .
The sign - up process is simple , and you 'll have your score within minutes .
Available platforms .
Discover Credit Scorecard is strictly a web - based tool .
Quizzle
This Bankrate - owned app offers a free TransUnion credit report and credit score every three months .
For $ 8 per month , users can upgrade to a pro version that includes tools and features specifically designed to raise your credit score — like 24/ 7 credit monitoring , an analysis of what 's keeping you from a perfect credit score , and a timeline of events that may have impacted your credit score .
Pro users get monthly updates on their credit score , along with an analysis of exactly how your financial habits are affecting your credit score and what you can do to improve it .
A Credit Timeline can also show you the history of your credit score and pinpoint key events that affected your score .
Key features
Credit score monitoring .
Your credit score and credit report are available monthly ( paid version ) or every three months ( free version ) .
Helpful alerts .
The app will alert you when you 're eligible for an updated credit report .
Membership your way .
While the monthly fee for a pro membership may be a stretch , you 're not locked in and can cancel at any time .
Email resources per request .
Users have the option of receiving email updates about current interest rates , refinancing options , and the housing market .
Available platforms .
Quizzle is strictly a web - based tool .
Verdict : which app is best for you ?
One thing all of these apps have in common :
Their main purpose is to simplify the process of managing your finances and improving your credit score .
My app of choice is Mint , which helps me cut down on my various expenses — like the occasional mid-day Starbucks run — with its financial visualizers .
That might mean something else for you , though .
Needless to say , trying to juggle 10 different finance apps at once might feel overwhelming .
For now , choose one app that tackles your most pressing financial challenge .
If you 're overwhelmed by debt , consider an app that helps you establish a payoff strategy .
Or , if you 're constantly racking up late fees , look into an app that has payment - due reminders or online bill payment ( or both ! ) .
Once you 've gotten the hang of your ideal app , you may decide that 's all you need — or you may have a clearer picture of what else you could use another app for .
Do you have a favorite financial app ?
What do you like most about it ?
How has it helped your credit score ?
Let us know in the comments below .
It 's taken eight - and - a - half years – but The Independent 's £ 5,000 prize for explaining the disappearance of the house sparrow from our towns and cities finally has a serious entry , with a serious theory .
Insect decline , featured prominently in this newspaper last Saturday , is offered as the reason for the biggest bird mystery of modern times by a group of four scientists from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) , De Montfort University in Leicester and Natural England , the Government 's wildlife agency .
Their theory , put forward in a scientific paper to be published in a forthcoming issue of the journal Animal Conservation , is based on intensive research in Leicester , showing that sparrow chicks were starving in their nests because their parents could not find enough insects to feed them .
So many chicks were dying that the birds ' population level as a whole was declining .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The paper has been entered for The Independent 's prize , which was reported around the world when it was announced on 16 May 2000 , as the start of a campaign to Save The Sparrow .
One of the authors , Dr Kate Vincent , who carried out the research on which the theory is based , said : " If we were successful , given the statuses of the collaborating organisations , we feel that any prize money received should be spent on further research or conservation work on house sparrows .
From
The Independent 's point of view it would be a natural progression to know that your Save The Sparrow campaign prize money would be engineering further sparrow research , which we feel would be something to celebrate . "
The £ 5,000 prize was offered for a peer - reviewed paper published in a scientific journal , which – in the opinion of our referees – would account for the disappearance of the house sparrow , Passer domesticus , from towns and cities in Britain .
The referees are the RSPB , the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) , and Dr Denis Summers - Smith , an internationally renowned expert on sparrows .
( It was stated at the time that researchers from the RSPB and BTO would not be precluded from entering . )
The referees will now be considering the paper to see if it does indeed account for a remarkable wildlife enigma .
House sparrows in Britain have declined by 68 per cent since 1977 , but the decline has been overwhelmingly an urban one .
Although still relatively plentiful in small towns in the countryside and by the sea , in many major conurbations , sparrows have disappeared .
Numbers started falling in cities in the mid-1980s and the species has virtually vanished from central London – for example , St James 's Park holds all the common garden birds such as blue tits , robins and blackbirds , but sparrows , which were once plentiful , died out in the park in the late 1990s .
There was no obvious cause .
House sparrows are also disappearing from Bristol , Edinburgh and Dublin , as well as Hamburg , Prague and Moscow but curiously , they are faring better in Paris and Berlin .
When The Independent launched its campaign , many potential reasons for the decline were suggested by readers , which included increased predation by cats , magpies and sparrowhawks ( all of which have increased in our cities ) ; disease contracted from bird food such as peanuts ; increased use of pesticides ; collective suicide ; radiation from the Chernobyl nuclear accident in the former USSR ; the disappearance of sparrow nesting places as houses were modernised and gardens were tidied up or concreted over as car ports , and a decline in insects .
( Although adult sparrows are seed - eating birds , the young need insect food in the first few days of their lives ) .
The last two potential causes – lack of nesting places and insect shortage – have always seemed the most likely ( although many people blame magpies and other predators for declines in small birds , both the RSPB and the BTO say this is not borne out by the figures ) .
A leading proponent of the insect shortage theory was Dr Summers - Smith , a retired engineer from Guisborough in Cleveland , and the author of the standard monograph on the house sparrow , and several other sparrow books .
He felt that chick starvation might well be the cause of the fall in numbers as a whole , although he was unable to prove it .
This appears to have been borne out in the new paper .
The lead author , Dr Will Peach from the RSPB , said : " Each pair of house sparrows must rear at least five chicks every year to stop their numbers falling .
" But in our study , too many chicks were starving in their nests .
Others were fledging [ leaving the nest ] but were too weak to live for much longer than that .
If the birds nested in areas rich in insects , they did much better .
" Where there were few insects , young house sparrows were likely to die .
Young house sparrows need insects rather than seeds , peanuts or bread to survive . "
Dr Vincent , then of De Montfort University in Leicester , said : " This is one of the most mysterious and complex declines of a species in recent years .
The study highlights that sparrow chicks are hatching but they are n't surviving .
" This is partly down to the loss of green spaces within British cities through development on green space , tree removal and the conversion of front gardens for parking .
The loss of deciduous greenery within urban areas may have made life much more difficult for birds like house sparrows that need large numbers of insects to feed their young . "
Phil Grice , senior ornithologist at Natural England , said : " This study highlights the importance of using native varieties of plants in our urban green spaces which , in turn , support large numbers of insects that are important in the diet of house sparrows and a range of other birds that we love to see in our gardens " .
The paper , Reproductive success of house sparrows along an urban gradient , by W J Peach , K E Vincent , J A Fowler and P V Grice , is now being sent to our referees and we shall report soon on their verdict .
" Navya Shastra , the international Hindu reform organization , urges California voters to reject Proposition 8 , which would eliminate the right of same - sex couples to marry under state law .
The organization notes that Hinduism has never classified homosexuality as a sin against God .
While some ancient law codes have spoken out against homosexual acts , the tradition has never called for the persecution of homosexuals .
In fact , there is ample evidence that alternative lifestyles have been accepted throughout Hindu history .
Several modern
Hindu leaders have also spoken positively of gay rights , though disappointingly , a significant percentage of American Hindus remain uncomfortable with homosexuality .
“ According to the Hindu contemplative tradition , we are all manifestations of the one universal spirit , straight or gay , and worthy of the same respect and rights ” said Jaishree Gopal , Navya Shastra Chairman , “ we urge American Hindus in California to remember this central insight of their faith when they vote on November 4 , ” she added . "
Contact Person : Vikram Masson
( 201 ) 674-2065
navyashastra@shastras.org
As you may know the Obama transition team has now set up change.gov as the new transition website .
And as TPM Reader SB points out there ’s already signs of the radicalism McCain and Palin warned the country about .
I ’ve clipped out this section of their organization chart of the US government , which you can find linked on this page .
And as you can see , not only has the president been demoted to a position under the constitution .
But the vice - president ( as shown by the red arrow ) has had his own fourth branch revoked and been reassigned to the executive branch …
FHA Seller - Funded Down- payment Outfit Sues ML - Implode In Effort To Silence Criticism 2008 - 10-09 — ml-implode.com
Note : ML - Implode 's existence is once again threatened by the costs of legal defense .
Free speech is n't free ; please do consider helping us out .
For immediate release .
Opposition To Injunction and Temporary Restraining Order Filed On October 7 , 2008 , the Mortgage Lender Implode - O- Meter ( ml- implode.com ) filed a Memo of Opposition in response to pre-litigation motions by plaintiffs to enjoin the Implode - O - Meter and restrain publication of materials critical of the Grant America Program .
The suit was filed by plaintiffs Global Direct Sales , LLC , and ( principals ) Christopher Russell and Ryan Hill , and ( collaborators ) the Penobscot Indian Tribe , on September 19 , 2008 in Maryland Federal Court , and the motion for injunction and Temporary Restraining Order ( TRO ) was filed September 26th .
The suit concerns an investigative article written by analyst Krista Railey , posted on ml - implode.com in its final form on September 15 , 2008 .
The article was critical of the Global Direct Sales scheme , which effectively attains 100 % financing -- insured by the FHA -- by making use of an Indian tribe ( " sovereign nation " ) as an intermediary .
This arrangement has allowed bans and restrictions on FHA insured seller - funded down payment programs to be circumvented .
Railey 's article pointed out that the IRS has called similar seller - funded down - payment systems " scams , " and Forbes has called them ( with specific reference to Russell 's activities ) a " racket . "
Seller - financed FHA lending was completely banned ( beginning October 1 , 2008 ) by H.R. 3221 , signed into law July 30th , 2008 .
This ban covers the Grant America system involving Indian Nations .
However the tug - of - war continues , e.g. , with H.R. 6694 ( under legislative consideration ) proposing to roll back the ban , subject to credit score and pricing " controls . "
As argued in the Implode - O - Meter 's Opposition Memo and Railey 's Declaration , all points in the article on the Grant America / Penobscot program are well supported by the evidence , including reports , rulings , and statements from government agencies and courts .
The Implode - O - Meter believes that removal of the article and a ban of further discussion of the Grant America Program would be unlawful suppression of free speech .
In this case such suppression would be particularly egregious because of the public interest and legislative aspects of the controversy ( the public -- that is , taxpayers -- ultimately insure the Grant America Program mortgages ) .
The Implode - O - Meter argues that such an injunction and prior restraint in fact constitutes a frivolous filing , and violation of Federal court rules .
The Implode - O - Meter also points out that the filing by Russell ( et al ) contains many other major defects including : ambiguously making reference to a draft of the article which was only briefly posted , failing to point out specifically which remaining statements are defamatory , and failing to demonstrate actual malice in the posting .
The Implode - O - Meter believes that the suit , given the nature of the tactics involved , is meant to intimidate us and raise the costs of our legal defense against an opponent that has made millions engaging in unsound lending activities .
The plaintiffs ' clearly are willing to resort to " any means necessary " to see us relent and remove an article which is distasteful ( and perhaps existentially threatening ) to them , and go silent on the issue of the Grant America / Penobscot program and related activities of the principals .
Given the above points , the Mortgage Lender Implode - O- Meter anticipates a speedy denial of the injunction and restraining order .
A full copy of the article is available online here .
Relevant documents : Railey Grant America / Penobscot article
complaint by plaintiffs
plaintiffs ' motion for injunction
defendants ' opposition to injunction
Krista Railey declaration
Defendants ' exhibits
Plaintiff Attorney Exhibits
Russell Exhibits source article | permalink | discuss | subscribe by : | RSS | email Comments : michaelblomquist at 14:06 2008 - 10-09 said :
Time to rally the troops , especially those in Maryland .
Time to rally the troops , especially those in Maryland .
Fraud , deception and entitlements created this crisis and more of the same should NOT be tolerated .
Fraud , deception and entitlements created this crisis and more of the same should NOT be tolerated .
As of October 1 , 2008 the FHA did away with the seller assisted programs because the program was a huge failure .
Unless borrowers had skin in the game they walked ; in addition if you can't save 3 % for a downpayment how will you be able to handle any unforeseen expenses .
As of October 1 , 2008 the FHA did away with the seller assisted programs because the program was a huge failure .
Unless borrowers had skin in the game they walked ; in addition if you can't save 3 % for a downpayment how will you be able to handle any unforeseen expenses .
Why are GLOBAL DIRECT SALES , LLC , PENOBSCOT , INDIAN NATION , CHRISTOPHER RUSSELL and RYAN HILL still advertising such a program on October 9 , 2008 ?
Why are GLOBAL DIRECT SALES , LLC , PENOBSCOT , INDIAN NATION , CHRISTOPHER RUSSELL and RYAN HILL still advertising such a program on October 9 , 2008 ?
http://www.pinfha.org/Programs.html
Ironically the third cause of action complains of unfair business practices , but continuing to advertise seller assisted down payments are unfair business practices .
Potential borrowers will be captured and directed to the Plaintiff 's business affiliates .
Can you say bait and switch ?
Ironically the third cause of action complains of unfair business practices , but continuing to advertise seller assisted down payments are unfair business practices .
Potential borrowers will be captured and directed to the Plaintiff 's business affiliates .
Can you say bait and switch ?
Call , fax , email representative Donna Edwards ( Maryland Rep ) http://donnaedwards.house.gov/contact.shtml and demand she restrains the Plaintiff for false and deceptive advertising .
Call , fax , email representative Donna Edwards ( Maryland Rep ) and demand she restrains the Plaintiff for false and deceptive advertising .
Congresswoman Donna Edwards ( 301 ) 773-4094 9200 Basil Court Suite 221 Largo , MD 20774 Congresswoman Donna Edwards ( 301 ) 773-4094 9200 Basil Court Suite 221 Largo , MD 20774 Washington , DC ( 202 ) 225-8699 Fax : ( 202 ) 225-8714 Email : 4mddistrict@mail.house.gov
Washington , DC ( 202 ) 225-8699 Fax : ( 202 ) 225-8714 Email : 4mddistrict@mail.house.gov
You should also contact the following an make sure to include the link http://www.pinfha.org/Programs.html
1 ) HUD http://www.hud.gov/offices/hsg/sfh/fharesourcectr.cfm ( 800 ) 225-5342 hud@custhelp.com
You should also contact the following an make sure to include the link1 ) HUD ( 800 ) 225-5342 hud@custhelp.com
2 ) FTC http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/contact.shtm
Report Violations * Online : Use our secure complaint form .
* Phone : Call our toll - free Do Not Call helpline : 1-888-382-1222 ; TTY : 1-866-290-4236 Permalink 2 ) FTCReport Violations * Online : Use our secure complaint form .
* Phone : Call our toll - free Do Not Call helpline : 1-888-382-1222 ; TTY : 1-866-290-4236 Aristotle at 22:32 2008-10-09 said :
Whenever I read pleadings , I always look at them to see if they are easy to read and understand .
Whenever I read pleadings , I always look at them to see if they are easy to read and understand .
The pleadings for the Defendants pass the readability test .
The pleadings for the Defendants pass the readability test .
Now , all of us will just wait and see if they work .
Now , all of us will just wait and see if they work .
The filing of this lawsuit illustrates the need for the next Congress to pass an Anti-SLAPP statute like California currently has .
Permalink
The filing of this lawsuit illustrates the need for the next Congress to pass an Anti-SLAPP statute like California currently has .
Dollar_guy at 01:11 2008 - 10 - 10 said :
Time to rally the troops , especially those in Maryland .
Fraud , deception and entitlements created this crisis and more of the same should NOT be tolerated .
As of October 1 , 2008 the FHA did away with the seller assisted programs because the program was a huge failure .
Unless borrowers had skin in the game they walked ; in addition if you can't save 3 % for a downpayment how will you be able to handle any unforeseen expenses .
Why are GLOBAL DIRECT SALES , LLC , PENOBSCOT , INDIAN NATION , CHRISTOPHER RUSSELL and RYAN HILL still advertising such a program on October 9 , 2008 ?
http://www.pinfha.org/Programs.html
Ironically the third cause of action complains of unfair business practices , but continuing to advertise seller assisted down payments are unfair business practices .
Potential borrowers will be captured and directed to the Plaintiff 's business affiliates .
Can you say bait and switch ?
Call , fax , email representative Donna Edwards ( Maryland Rep ) http://donnaedwards.house.gov/contact.shtml and demand she restrains the Plaintiff for false and deceptive advertising .
Congresswoman Donna Edwards ( 301 ) 773-4094 9200 Basil Court Suite 221 Largo , MD 20774 Washington , DC ( 202 ) 225-8699 Fax : ( 202 ) 225-8714 Email : 4mddistrict@mail.house.gov
You should also contact the following an make sure to include the link http://www.pinfha.org/Programs.html
1 ) HUD http://www.hud.gov/offices/hsg/sfh/fharesourcectr.cfm ( 800 ) 225-5342 hud@custhelp.com
2 ) FTC http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/contact.shtm
Report Violations * Online : Use our secure complaint form .
* Phone : Call our toll - free Do Not Call helpline : 1-888-382-1222 ; TTY : 1-866-290-4236
I just e-mailed .......
Permalink I just e-mailed .......
FHABob at 14:31 2008 - 10 - 10 said : Downpayment assistance programs are still allowed by FHA .
It 's seller funded programs that are not permitted .
So a state funded program ( Arizona 's Housing Dept's DPA gives up to 10 % towards the down , for instance ) and progams administered by Indian Tribes or other qualifying entities are just fine .
Downpayment assistance programs are still allowed by FHA .
It 's seller funded programs that are not permitted .
So a state funded program ( Arizona 's Housing Dept's DPA gives up to 10 % towards the down , for instance ) and progams administered by Indian Tribes or other qualifying entities are just fine .
As for the lawsuit mentioned here , I think that congress will bring back seller funded DPA 's very soon .
The deal has already been made between the House Dems ( who understand how losing SFDPA 's hurts minority applicants hardest ) and HUD ( who lost risk based MIP premiums as part of the reform act ) .
It 's just a matter of getting the bill passed .
The current crisis has left little time for this matter , but it will get done and either Bush or Obama will sign it .
Permalink
As for the lawsuit mentioned here , I think that congress will bring back seller funded DPA 's very soon .
The deal has already been made between the House Dems ( who understand how losing SFDPA 's hurts minority applicants hardest ) and HUD ( who lost risk based MIP premiums as part of the reform act ) .
It 's just a matter of getting the bill passed .
The current crisis has left little time for this matter , but it will get done and either Bush or Obama will sign it .
poorprocessor at 21:46 2008 - 10 - 10 said : Since Nehemiah has even given up ..
Since Nehemiah has even given up ..
Is Nehemiah Funding Gifts After October 1st ?
Is Nehemiah Funding Gifts After October 1st ?
The passage of H.R. 3221 eliminates privately - funded downpayment assistance for millions of working class American 's as of October 1 , 2008 .
However , per the specific language of the law , Nehemiah is lawfully able to continue funding DPA gifts for FHA loans where the borrower was credit approved per FHA guidelines on or before September 30 , 2008 .
The passage of H.R. 3221 eliminates privately - funded downpayment assistance for millions of working class American 's as of October 1 , 2008 .
However , per the specific language of the law , Nehemiah is lawfully able to continue funding DPA gifts for FHA loans where the borrower was credit approved per FHA guidelines on or before September 30 , 2008 .
Nehemiah will require that the lender certifies that the borrower was credit approved per FHA guidelines on or before September 30 , 2008 .
Nehemiah will continue to fund certified gifts through November 28 , 2008 , at which time The Nehemiah Program will cease operations .
Nehemiah will require that the lender certifies that the borrower was credit approved per FHA guidelines on or before September 30 , 2008 .
Nehemiah will continue to fund certified gifts through November 28 , 2008 , at which time The Nehemiah Program will cease operations .
For gift funds requests with closing / funding dates after September 30 , 2008 , the FHA lender must certify to Nehemiah that mortgagor credit approval , in accordance with all applicable FHA requirements , was granted by that lender before October 1 , and that such credit approval is and will remain in effect through closing .
For gift funds requests with closing / funding dates after September 30 , 2008 , the FHA lender must certify to Nehemiah that mortgagor credit approval , in accordance with all applicable FHA requirements , was granted by that lender before October 1 , and that such credit approval is and will remain in effect through closing .
http://www.getdownpayment.com/updates/
http://www.getdownpayment.com/updates/
I think not ...
Permalink I think not ... E.S. at 13:02 2008 -12-31 said : Hey Michael Blomquist -
Get off of your soapbox - and get your info straight .
While defaults and EPD's hurt the industry and had a mild imnpact on the overall economy - credit default swaps is what sank the ship .
I do n't have time to use monosylabic ( look it up dummy ) words to explain how and why it occured - but at least stop playing the " subprime , alt - a lenders caused this " card .
It 's as contrived as your hack email .
This site has done a lot of damage to banks , and right or wrong , it will be a target .
Free speech forever - but more importantly Mike - intelligent thought first .
Oh - one last thing - know what caused this mess ?
The American public trying to keep up with the neighbors .
If you 're buying a 900 k home and making only 80 k in reality - you 're an idiot and you deserve what happens to you .
If you 're buying a 1.5 mil home on a pay option and your mortgage payment is only 4 k a month - do some due diligence and figure out that your paying a neg am .
Buyer beware !
Do you really think Mike that everyone in foreclosure is the victim of a scam or fraud ?
Are you really that naive and dumb ?
I 'm thinking yes - but suprise me .
PS - feel free to make fun of my spelling , etc - I had to type this fast since I have a crazy busy job that pays me the money I made as a subprime AE in 05 .
Hey Michael Blomquist -
Get off of your soapbox - and get your info straight .
While defaults and EPD's hurt the industry and had a mild imnpact on the overall economy - credit default swaps is what sank the ship .
I do n't have time to use monosylabic ( look it up dummy ) words to explain how and why it occured - but at least stop playing the " subprime , alt - a lenders caused this " card .
It 's as contrived as your hack email .
This site has done a lot of damage to banks , and right or wrong , it will be a target .
Free speech forever - but more importantly Mike - intelligent thought first .
Oh - one last thing - know what caused this mess ?
The American public trying to keep up with the neighbors .
If you 're buying a 900 k home and making only 80 k in reality - you 're an idiot and you deserve what happens to you .
If you 're buying a 1.5 mil home on a pay option and your mortgage payment is only 4 k a month - do some due diligence and figure out that your paying a neg am .
Buyer beware !
Do you really think Mike that everyone in foreclosure is the victim of a scam or fraud ?
Are you really that naive and dumb ?
I 'm thinking yes - but suprise me .
PS - feel free to make fun of my spelling , etc - I had to type this fast since I have a crazy busy job that pays me the money I made as a subprime AE in 05 .
FHABob- right on man- you 're a smart cat - I 'm being for real .
Permalink FHABob- right on man- you 're a smart cat - I 'm being for real .
Do_the_math at 14:21 2009 -01 - 14 said : Hey Michael Blomquist -
Get off of your soapbox - and get your info straight .
While defaults and EPD's hurt the industry and had a mild imnpact on the overall economy - credit default swaps is what sank the ship .
I do n't have time to use monosylabic ( look it up dummy ) words to explain how and why it occured - but at least stop playing the " subprime , alt - a lenders caused this " card .
It 's as contrived as your hack email .
This site has done a lot of damage to banks , and right or wrong , it will be a target .
Free speech forever - but more importantly Mike - intelligent thought first .
Oh - one last thing - know what caused this mess ?
The American public trying to keep up with the neighbors .
If you 're buying a 900 k home and making only 80 k in reality - you 're an idiot and you deserve what happens to you .
If you 're buying a 1.5 mil home on a pay option and your mortgage payment is only 4 k a month - do some due diligence and figure out that your paying a neg am .
Buyer beware !
Do you really think Mike that everyone in foreclosure is the victim of a scam or fraud ?
Are you really that naive and dumb ?
I 'm thinking yes - but suprise me .
PS - feel free to make fun of my spelling , etc - I had to type this fast since I have a crazy busy job that pays me the money I made as a subprime AE in 05 .
FHABob- right on man- you 're a smart cat - I 'm being for real .
Talk about being on a soap box .
There are a lot a reasons for the economic unraveling - much of which is employment related - however , there is no doubt that the financial institutions and political corruption are the root of the problem .
Talk about being on a soap box .
There are a lot a reasons for the economic unraveling - much of which is employment related - however , there is no doubt that the financial institutions and political corruption are the root of the problem .
Basically any loan program that does not employ sound underwriting criteria or engages in high risk lending is subprime .
A FHA loan with a seller funded down payment , large increase to payment without a demonstrated ability to save , high debt ratio , no residual income test , little to no reserves , and no skin in the game and layering of multiple risks is akin to a subprime loan - even if the credit score is in the high 700 .
Basically any loan program that does not employ sound underwriting criteria or engages in high risk lending is subprime .
A FHA loan with a seller funded down payment , large increase to payment without a demonstrated ability to save , high debt ratio , no residual income test , little to no reserves , and no skin in the game and layering of multiple risks is akin to a subprime loan - even if the credit score is in the high 700 .
Seller funded DPA is abusive because it circumvents FHA guidelines that prohibit sellers from providing the funds for the down payment .
It promotes laundering of down payments from the seller and adds to the fees and costs as SFDPA grants are not free .
Consider that loans involving SFDPA have a higher delinquency and EPD rate which absolutely has a negative impact on both the economy and social fabric of the communities that are impacted .
Seller funded DPA is abusive because it circumvents FHA guidelines that prohibit sellers from providing the funds for the down payment .
It promotes laundering of down payments from the seller and adds to the fees and costs as SFDPA grants are not free .
Consider that loans involving SFDPA have a higher delinquency and EPD rate which absolutely has a negative impact on both the economy and social fabric of the communities that are impacted .
While SFDPA proponents cite a negative impact to minorities from loss of SFDPAs , the proposals for risk based MI under H.R. 6694 would create a barrier for the socioeconomically challenged and minorities that are typically not favored by credit scoring .
The credit score requirements could serve as a barrier for borrowers who do not play the " credit game " even when they save their own down payment .
According to the infamous Brill report , H.R. 6694 could displace 48 % of the borrowers utilizing SFDPA according to their data sampling .
I wonder how many of these borrowers were minorities ?
While SFDPA proponents cite a negative impact to minorities from loss of SFDPAs , the proposals for risk based MI under H.R. 6694 would create a barrier for the socioeconomically challenged and minorities that are typically not favored by credit scoring .
The credit score requirements could serve as a barrier for borrowers who do not play the " credit game " even when they save their own down payment .
According to the infamous Brill report , H.R. 6694 could displace 48 % of the borrowers utilizing SFDPA according to their data sampling .
I wonder how many of these borrowers were minorities ?
While you say that this site has done a lot of damage to banks , you fail to mention the damage that banks did to the economy and country as a whole .
The fact that this site calls the banks out on irresponsible lending practices that threaten the solvency our country is the very point of why free speech needs to be protected .
While you say that this site has done a lot of damage to banks , you fail to mention the damage that banks did to the economy and country as a whole .
The fact that this site calls the banks out on irresponsible lending practices that threaten the solvency our country is the very point of why free speech needs to be protected .
Fact : the lending industry created programs that did not require verification of borrower capacity .
Fact : the lending industry created programs that did not require verification of borrower capacity .
Fact : the lending industry created 100 % programs that did not require employment , asset , or income verification .
Fact : the lending industry created 100 % programs that did not require employment , asset , or income verification .
Fact : the industry generated programs that were more interested in credit scores than borrowers ability to pay .
Fact : the industry generated programs that were more interested in credit scores than borrowers ability to pay .
Fact : the industry has stretched debt ratios into the 50's and 60's .
Fact : the industry has stretched debt ratios into the 50's and 60's .
Fact : the industry generated AVM and other statistical valuation models and waived actual appraisals on several programs including 100 % CLTV purchase loans .
Fact : the industry generated AVM and other statistical valuation models and waived actual appraisals on several programs including 100 % CLTV purchase loans .
Fact : the industry promoted programs that were extremely risky and difficult for consumers to understand and mass - marketed these programs to inappropriate borrowers while offering brokers and loan officers ridiculous incentives .
Fact : the industry promoted programs that were extremely risky and difficult for consumers to understand and mass - marketed these programs to inappropriate borrowers while offering brokers and loan officers ridiculous incentives .
Fact : the failure of these programs should not have been a surprise to anyone regardless of the ninja math that was used to skew statistics to justify reliance on credit scores rather than common sense underwriting guidelines .
Fact : the failure of these programs should not have been a surprise to anyone regardless of the ninja math that was used to skew statistics to justify reliance on credit scores rather than common sense underwriting guidelines .
Fact : numerous banks and institutions have failed as a result of their own irresponsible programs and not due to the behavior of consumers as you would like to think .
Fact : numerous banks and institutions have failed as a result of their own irresponsible programs and not due to the behavior of consumers as you would like to think .
If a lending institution gives someone who is only making $ 80 k $ 900 k to purchase a home ( on a non recourse loan ) , exactly who is stupid here ?
If a lending institution gives someone who is only making $ 80 k $ 900 k to purchase a home ( on a non recourse loan ) , exactly who is stupid here ?
If an institution lends 1.5 mil and only requires a $ 4000 k payment , exactly who is being stupid ?
If an institution lends 1.5 mil and only requires a $ 4000 k payment , exactly who is being stupid ?
While I will agree that not every borrower is a victim of scam and fraud , I will say that the citizens of the United States are all victims of scam and fraud at the hands of unscrupulous institutions .
While I will agree that not every borrower is a victim of scam and fraud , I will say that the citizens of the United States are all victims of scam and fraud at the hands of unscrupulous institutions .
There has been limitless fraud and abuse .
Arranging a loan which the borrower does not have the resources to repay for the sake of making a buck is abusive .
There has been limitless fraud and abuse .
Arranging a loan which the borrower does not have the resources to repay for the sake of making a buck is abusive .
In the immortal words of Trojan : Fight On , MichaelBlomquist !
Permalink
In the immortal words of Trojan : Fight On , MichaelBlomquist !
rocketrob at 18:18 2009 -02 - 17 said : ES : What sank the ship was the fact that the banks could have said " NO " to millions of loans ... get YOUR facts straight .
ES : What sank the ship was the fact that the banks could have said " NO " to millions of loans ... get YOUR facts straight .
Michael Blomquist , you are a TRUE American hero !
Permalink Michael Blomquist , you are a TRUE American hero !
michaelblomquist at 19:21 2009 -02 - 17 said : I do n't know about being a hero , but I do know there were millions of scum bags that took advantage of their positions to self enrich .
Millions who should be disgorged and indicted .
I do n't know about being a hero , but I do know there were millions of scum bags that took advantage of their positions to self enrich .
Millions who should be disgorged and indicted .
Why on earth so many have not been convicted for their crimes of rampant fraud is beyond me ?
Inflating a borrowers income with or without their knowledge is no different than doctoring income documents .
Why on earth so many have not been convicted for their crimes of rampant fraud is beyond me ?
Inflating a borrowers income with or without their knowledge is no different than doctoring income documents .
Creating a scheme whereby millions could do this with NO over - sight is a complete failure of our government .
The more time progresses with no meaningful arrests continues to illustrates the governments ' complicity .
Creating a scheme whereby millions could do this with NO over - sight is a complete failure of our government .
The more time progresses with no meaningful arrests continues to illustrates the governments ' complicity .
E.S. I agree the CDS , CDOs and other derivatives are the real problems , but they were / are derivatives based on home loans .
It is well established that at the foundation of the crisis were / are fraudulent loans .
Without the promise of huge income streams from mortgages this could have NEVER happened .
E.S. I agree the CDS , CDOs and other derivatives are the real problems , but they were / are derivatives based on home loans .
It is well established that at the foundation of the crisis were / are fraudulent loans .
Without the promise of huge income streams from mortgages this could have NEVER happened .
E.S.
If you find comfort in believing the problem was so big that all of your fraudulent originations did not have an impact on the crisis ; go find out where your clients are now .
Permalink E.S.
If you find comfort in believing the problem was so big that all of your fraudulent originations did not have an impact on the crisis ; go find out where your clients are now .
There are more posts .
Click here to view the whole thread add a comment | go to forum thread Note : Comments may take a few minutes to show up on this page .
If you go to the forum thread , however , you can see them immediately .
A potential longevity - enhancing drug has passed its final animal testing challenge , pushing closer to reality the dream of all - purpose drugs against diseases of aging .
Mice given the new drug , called SRT1720 , gorged on high - fat food for four months without gaining weight or developing diabetes , and ran twice as far on a treadmill as their control - group counterparts .
Similar drugs are expected to follow down the pipeline .
" If you look at all the things that have fundamentally changed medicine in the last 150 years , washing hands would be one , and antibiotics another .
This could be the third , " said study co-author Philip Lambert , a pharmacologist at Sirtris Pharmaceuticals , the drug 's developer .
" If you could keep your health for another 10 or 15 years , that would be amazing . "
SRT1720 activates one of several enzymes that regulate the function of mitochondria — cellular power generators that convert glucose into chemical energy .
The wearing down of these generators has been linked to heart disease , Alzheimer 's disease , diabetes , cancer and other age - related afflictions .
That same enzyme is also targeted by resveratrol , a naturally occurring compound that reduces age - related diseases in lab animals and is already used by longevity enthusiasts .
Researchers at Sirtris showed last year that synthetic drugs that activate the enzyme produced the same cell - level changes as resveratrol , but the tests only lasted for two weeks .
The latest study lasted four months , suggesting that SRT1720 — and perhaps the class of enzyme activators expected to follow — are for real .
" This shows you can make drugs that work even better than resveratrol , "
said David Sinclair , co-founder of Sirtris , who compared the finding to the synthesis of antibiotics inspired by early fungal components .
" Now we 've got human - designed synthetic molecules .
We 're not talking about plant extracts anymore . "
Rafael de Cabo , a National Institute on Aging gerontologist who is researching SRT1720 but was not involved in the study , published today in Cell Metabolism , agreed with Sinclair 's assessment , though he cautioned against premature celebration .
" From rodents to humans is a long , long process , " he said .
" We 've demonstrated this in cells , and in mice .
Now we need to move to the next level — primates or humans . "
Resveratrol is currently in clinical trials as a diabetes drug , and could be joined next year by SRT1720 , said Lambert .
The drug 's side effects are n't yet apparent , but resveratrol has proven safe in animals and — anecdotally , at least — in humans .
Since SRT1720
works at doses 1000 times lower than resveratrol , said Lambert , it should prove even safer if effective .
He noted that the blood sugar - lowering effects from SRT1720 observed in the study were present in mice on a high - fat diet , but not in mice on standard fare .
This suggests that SRT1720 wo n't produce hypoglycemia , a dangerous dip in blood sugar that is a common side effect of diabetes treatments .
If SRT1720 and resveratrol are approved for diabetes , they will likely be used off - label to treat other diseases , from cancer to Parkinson's , that become more common with age and may involve age - related mitochondrial degeneration and the resulting metabolic disarray of key tissues and organs .
That model of disease is not yet the consensus in the medical community , which views those diseases as having multiple causes rather than a common root , and has generally ignored mitochondrial factors in its search for cures .
" The study again indicates that it 's metabolic function that regulates diabetes and obesity , rather than changes in the activity of structural genes , " said University of California , Irvine mitochondrial therapy pioneer Douglas Wallace , referring to genes that code for non-mitochondrial functions .
" You have to look at tissue metabolism to understand the disease biology .
The traditional mechanism of looking at a few nuclear gene processes is not going to be productive . "
As for longevity - enhancing drugs , said Wallace , " there will be others . "
Speci?c SIRT1 Activation Mimics Low Energy Levels and Protects against Diet - Induced Metabolic Disorders by Enhancing Fat Oxidation [ Cell Metabolism ]
Image : Liver tissue from mice fed high - fat diets and , from left to right , no dose , a low dose or a high dose of SRT1720 ; white patches correspond to fat / Cell Metabolism
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Afghanistan ’s women lawmakers speak out as conditions worsen
By Clancy Chassay / THE GUARDIAN
They were walking to school in the southern city of Kandahar , a group of teenage girls discussing a test they had coming up , when two men on a motorcycle sprayed them with a strange liquid .
Within seconds a painful tingling began , and there was an unusual smell as the skin of 16 - year - old Atifa Biba began to burn .
Her friend rushed over to help her , struggling to wipe the liquid away , when she too was showered with acid .
She covered her face , crying out for help as they sprayed her again , trying to aim the acid into her face .
The weapon was a water bottle containing battery acid ; the result was at least one girl blinded and two others permanently disfigured .
Their only crime was attending school .
It was not an isolated incident .
For women and girls across Afghanistan , conditions are worsening — and those women who dare to publicly oppose the traditional order now live in fear for their lives .
Member of Parliament ( MP ) Shukria Barakzai receives regular death threats for speaking out on women ’s issues .
Talking at her home in central Kabul , she closed the living room door as her three young daughters played in the hall .
“ You ca n’t imagine what it feels like as a mother to leave the house each day and not know if you will come back again , ” she said , her eyes welling up as she spoke .
“ But there is no choice .
I would rather die for the dignity of women than die for nothing .
Should I stop my work because there is a chance I might be killed ?
I must go on , and if it happens it happens , ” she said .
Barakzai receives frequent but cryptic warnings about planned suicide attacks on her car , but no help from the government .
Officials advise her to stay at home and not go to work , but offer nothing in the way of security assistance , despite her requests .
She said warlords in parliament who received similar threats were immediately provided with armored vehicles , armed guards and a safe house by the government .
Afghan women are feeling increasingly vulnerable as the security situation worsens and a growing number of Western and Afghan officials call for the Taliban to join the government .
“ We are very worried that , now the government is talking with the Taliban , our rights will be compromised , ” said Shinkai Karokhail , an outspoken MP for Kabul .
“ We must not be the sacrifice by which peace with the Taliban is made . ”
Under Taliban rule , up until 2001 , women were not allowed to work and were forbidden from venturing outside the home without a male escort .
Afghan women who defy traditional gender roles and speak out against the oppression of women are routinely subject to threats , intimidation and assassination .
An increasingly powerful Taliban regularly attacks projects , schools and businesses run by women .
Six weeks ago , Lieutenant - Colonel Malalai Kakar was assassinated in her car on her way to work in Kandahar .
She was Afghanistan ’s highest - ranking female police officer and a fierce defender of women ’s rights .
Only 1.5 m tall , she was known to have beaten men she found to be abusing their wives .
Another senior female police officer was killed in the province of Herat in June .
Talking at a safe house on the outskirts of Kabul , Mullah Zubiallah Akhond , a Taliban commander from the southern province of Uruzgan , said the group ’s attacks on women were always political and not based on any desire to target or punish women specifically .
He condemned the acid attack on the group of schoolgirls in Kandahar , and insisted the Taliban were not involved .
“ We support the education of girls , but separate from boys .
We would not attack schoolgirls .
We only target those working with the government , ” he said .
The Taliban ’s regional commands have varying attitudes toward women , but all those fighting under the Taliban banner are committed to enforcing their interpretation of Shariah law , which forbids women from working or leaving the house without a male escort .
The Islamist group is just one of the many threats facing Afghanistan ’s few outspoken female MPs .
“ Our parliament is a collection of lords , ” Barakzai said .
“ Warlords , drug lords , crime lords . ”
In parliament , she says , she is often greeted with screams of “ kill her ” when she stands up to speak , and she has had no shortage of personal threats from fellow MPs .
They visit her privately to tell her she will be killed if she continues to speak out on such issues as the right of a woman to have a personal passport ( separate from the standard “ family passport ” ) or against compulsory virginity tests for young women , and the right of a man to have custody of a child at two - years old .
It is not only men who oppose women in parliament — both Barakzai and Karokhail have faced obstruction from other female MPs on key women ’s issues .
Karokhail said that , of the 68 women in the 249 - strong parliament , only five were vocal on women ’s issues .
The majority of women in parliament vote in favor of more traditional legislation that often rules against women ’s rights .
Some women now fear the parliament is becoming more conservative towards women .
“ Talibani ideas are natural among our people , particularly their vision about women , ” Barakzai said .
Afghan commentators say President Hamid Karzai , desperate to win next year ’s elections , has been bringing former mujahidin commanders into parliament in the hope they will support him at election time .
Most of these former jihadi commanders share the Taliban ’s ideas about women and are expected to support legislation that will once again limit women ’s freedom .
In addition , according to the Taliban commander , the group has a growing number of MPs in parliament lobbying for their policies .
In much of the country , especially rural areas , women remain subservient to the men in their family and rarely venture out of their homes .
Even in the relatively liberal capital , Kabul , it is common to see women robed in blue burkas trailing five paces behind their husbands .
It is difficult to gauge how the worsening situation in the country is affecting women , but a recent study by the UN said some 87 percent of them suffer abuse in the home .
Afghan human rights groups are documenting cases of “ honor ” killings , forced abortions and rape , and a database is now being constructed by the UN .
Najla Zewari , who works for the UN ’s gender and justice unit , believes violence against women is increasing , fuelled by growing frustrations caused by the economic crisis and lack of security .
She said there had also been a sharp increase in rapes by men who claimed they could not afford the pay the dowry needed to marry .
After the public shame of an attack , the victim is usually outcast and the rapist is then the only man who will have the woman as his wife .
It is crimes like this that make many Afghans nostalgic for the harsh justice of Taliban rule .
Barakzai countered : “ Women were safe , in one sense , under the Taliban — but they were kept as slaves , they were not allowed to do what they wanted even in their own home . ”
As the Taliban strengthen , the future for women in Afghanistan looks bleaker .
Barakzai said women ’s rights , once heralded as the great success of post - invasion Afghanistan , had been sidelined and might suffer more in the struggle to find a solution to the fighting .
Last week , a council of 400 women politicians met in Kabul to discuss this possibility and prepare ways to counter it .
“ Our biggest fear at the moment is that the return of Talibani ideas to government will wind back the gains we have made in these last years , ” Karokhail said .
The Pipe
Charles Baudelaire ( trans .
Joshua Rocks and Ashok Karra )
I am the pipe of an author ;
One sees , in contemplating my mien
Of Abyssinian or Kaffir ,
Whether my master is a great smoker .
When he is filled with sorrow ,
I smoke like a cottage
Where they prepare supper
For the return of the laborer .
I entangle and I nourish his soul
Within the web mobile and blue
That rises from my mouth in fire ,
And I roll a calming cloud
That charms his heart and heals
His mind of its fatigue .
Commentary :
It is the image one almost gets that is most intriguing in this poem .
I am always tempted to picture the author breathing fire ever so slightly , and that fire rising and becoming smoke .
If only that “ my ” in the third stanza was absent !
Still , it is the image that the author himself is burning away that makes the whole poem .
The personified pipe has a function , but its agency is undercut by the first stanza .
What the pipe is – that ’s something entirely up to what the author wants to smoke .
The contrast between the author and the laborer is instructive , too .
The laborer ’s cottage is staffed with other people who prepare food .
The cottage smokes , not the laborer – he eats .
And he need not be captured , either .
Whereas the soul of the author wants to fly away , leave its mortal shell .
It needs to be captured and nourished .
But what is this soul that wants to fly away ?
We could say that the soul is invisible : when healed , it is being burned by the fire and passions of sorrow are being released .
What is left might as well be proclaimed “ entangled ” by the web , one ca n’t see it anyway .
But to say that would miss the full significance of fire – it would pretend that fire was entirely external to man , as opposed to constitutive of man .
If the soul is fire burning away , then it is the rising smoke too .
While “ cloud ” gives us an impression that something is moving away from the author to make him calmer , “ web mobile and blue ” indicates that there is something the author can conjure up on command – it always belongs to him – and that it can capture something else .
That “ something ” is itself , though ?
How is something that alienates itself also , at the same time , capturing itself ?
The fire is the soul , the tension between sorrow and that want of healing .
That tension means the soul is n’t static : it is indeed the smoke , too .
What “ captures ” the soul is actually the process of the soul coming into full being .
It is nourished precisely by moving away from the author for just a second , just like what an author writes moves from him for a little bit of time .
The heart is “ charmed ” in that time , the mind “ heals , ” and the key is that this cycle is going to happen again until there is nothing left to burn .
One can see the rather dark teaching here : underlying the soul ’s movement is a will to nothingness .
It is not merely that life occurs in time – it is that the soul only exists in attempting to leave the body .
The Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa , Florida invites the public to see its beautiful new white tiger cubs .
The cubs are only seven weeks old , so get over to Tampa for a first hand look at these Tiger Tots !
A pair of seven - week - old white tiger cubs born at Tampa ’s Lowry Park Zoo are beginning to explore their exhibit with mother , “ Nikki , ” in the zoo ’s Asian Gardens area .
The family is doing well , with mother and cubs spending most of their first weeks together off exhibit for their safety and privacy in bonding .
As the cubs have grown and matured , zoo staff has begun the process of offering access to the outdoor yard for short intervals as the family establishes a new pattern of behavior .
This is the second litter for experienced mom Nikki while living at Tampa ’s Lowry Park Zoo .
The newest cubs , a boy and a girl , were born the morning of October 4 weighing about 3.6 and 2.5 pounds respectively on their first veterinary check - up .
The zoo ’s adult white male tiger , “ Yala , ” is Nikki ’s mate and sired the new cubs .
The zoo ’s Asia keepers have monitored mother and the newborn cubs closely since birth , and report that Nikki is a very attentive is nursing routinely .
The cubs are now well - bonded with mom and are moving about with improving motor skills .
Although the mother and father are an established couple , the adult male will be separated for the time being for the safety of the cubs .
The gestation period for tigers is three to four months , or approximately 110 days .
The average litter is two or three cubs which weigh about two pounds at birth .
Cubs are born with their eyes shut and helpless , relying entirely on their mother for the first three months and nursing for many more .
The survival of the cubs will be dependent upon the mother ’s ability to care and nurture them , the cubs ’ ability to fight any infections association with normal birth , and the success of weaning and independence .
White tigers originate from Bengal tigers .
They are not albinos and they are not a separate subspecies of tiger .
They have blue eyes , a pink nose and white fur covered with chocolate - colored stripes .
White tigers are born to tigers that carry the unusual gene needed for white coloring .
Wild white tigers are very rare , because their white coats provide poor camouflage , making them easily spotted by prey .
Public viewing of the Zoo ’s newest white wonders will be limited to morning initially as the cubs continue to grow and mature .
Mother and cubs will rotate on exhibit with their white tiger father , Yala .
According to Forbes , the bailout has the U.S. government on the hook for $ 5 trillion .
And what has this bailout bought us ?
Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson says that it has improved our stability .
Has he not watched the market continually fall ?
For the benefit of Mr. Paulson , I have helpfully provided a graph of the Dow Jones Industrial Average over the last year :
Where ’s the stability in this picture ?
Almost every day there is a new company declaring that it needs help from the Fed .
It ’s time the Fed and the Treasuring just step back .
Companies that made poor choices will fail .
That is what real capitalism is all about–letting companies which made bad decisions feel the economic pain of those decisions .
As things stand right now , the Fed and Treasury are just prolonging the inevitable .
Gabriel 's Horn
Gabriel 's horn , also called Torricelli 's trumpet , is the surface of revolution of the function about the x-axis for .
It is therefore given by parametric equations
(1) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
The surprising thing about this surface is that it ( taking for convenience here ) has finite volume
( 4) ( 5 ) ( 6 )
but infinite surface area , since
(7) ( 8 ) ( 9 ) ( 10 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 )
This leads to the paradoxical consequence that while Gabriel 's horn can be filled up with cubic units of paint , an infinite number of square units of paint are needed to cover its surface !
The coefficients of the first fundamental form are ,
( 13 ) ( 14 ) ( 15 )
and of the second fundamental form are
( 16 ) ( 17 ) ( 18 )
The Gaussian and mean curvatures are
( 19 ) ( 20 )
The Gaussian curvature can be expressed implicitly as
When he was the White House chief of staff under Bill Clinton , Mr Podesta led a project to declassify 800 million pages of intelligence documents .
In a press conference , still available to watch on the YouTube website , Mr Podesta said : " It is time for the government to declassify records that are more than 25 years old and to provide scientists with data that will assist in determining the real nature of this phenomenon . "
Of the countless words Barack Obama has uttered since he opened his campaign for president on an icy Illinois morning in February 2007 , a handful have kept reverberating in my mind :
“ For as long as I live , I will never forget that in no other country on earth is my story even possible . ”
Perhaps the words echo because I ’m a naturalized American , and I came here , like many others , seeking relief from Britain ’s subtle barriers of religion and class , and possibility broader than in Europe ’s confines .
Perhaps they resonate because , having South African parents , I spent part of my childhood in the land of apartheid , and so absorbed as an infant the humiliation of racial segregation , the fear and anger that are the harvest of hurt  just as they are , in Obama ’s words , “ the brutal legacy of slavery and Jim Crow . ”
Perhaps they speak to me because I live in New York and watch every day a miracle of civility emerge from the struggles and fatigue of people drawn from every corner of the globe to the glimmer of possibility at the tapering edge of the city ’s ruler - straight canyons .
Premier Nathan Rees has vowed to continue sacking ministers who misbehave , saying he would continue to uphold the standards of his cabinet - even " if there 's only one of us left " .
In the wake of Tony Stewart 's sacking , Mr Rees today foreshadowed a cabinet reshuffle that would bring former Unions NSW secretary John Robertson into the cabinet .
He said it would not happen this week .
適当に検索して見つけたブログで（既に消えているようだが）こんな発言があったようだ。
しかしどうだろう 。Googleマイマップを「よく使っている」という人でも、自分が作成するマップがいつどの時点で公開状態となるのか（パブリッシュされるのか）、そのタイミングを理解している人はどれだけいるだろうか。
Googleマイマップの 「新しい地図を作成」をクリックした直後はこうなっている。
カーソルがタイトル入力欄にあり、まずタイトルを決めよと迫られている。そんなことを言われても、まだ中身を作っていないのによい名前など浮かばない。とりあえず適当なことを書いておくとしよう。
ところで、ここで、「完了 」 と「保存済み」というボタンがあることを確認しておこう。「保存済み」ボタンはまだ押せない状態（inactive状態）になっている（図2）。まだマップを作っていないからだろう。
ここでタブキーを押して「説明」入力欄にカーソルを移動。さて、何を書こうか……。
ここでよく見てみると、押せない「保存済み」ボタンが「保存」という押せるボタンに変わっている（図3）。タイトルを入力したので押せるようになったのだろう。まだ押していないのだから、保存はされていないわけだ。
「 説明」の入力は後にして、とりあえず地図に何か書き込もう。一般公開とするかも後で決めることにしよう。
さて、目印のタイトルを何にしようかな……。うーんと……、うーん。
あれれ？ いつの間にかボタン が
「保存済み」になってる。押してないのに……。げっ、ま、まさか……。
別のブラウザで検索してみると……。
ぎゃー、もう公開されてる!!
なんと、自動保存されるようになっているのだ。図5で「OK」すら押していない段階で、もう登録されて公開されている。
しかも、図5のところで、目印のタイトル欄を書き換えて「OK」ボタンを押さずに数十秒待つと、自動保存が働いて「保存」ボタンが「保存済み」になる（図7）。
ここで検索してみると、しっかりと反映されている。
ありえん !!!!
なんじゃそら。
さらに言うと、実は図3の状態でも、うだうだしている間に自動保存されてしまう。この段階では地点の登録が1件もないため、検索にはヒットしないものの、作成者のマイマップ一覧には登録され、「タイトル」と「説明」が閲覧される状態になる。
つまり 、Googleマイマップの編集中に暇を持て余してヘタなことでも書こうものなら、容赦なく自動公開されてしまうのだ。
普通にマップを作っているときも、作成過程がそのまま実況中継のごとく公開され続ける。そんなこと誰が予見できようか？
たまたま Ctrl - V （ Command-V）でクリップボード内の文字列をペーストしたら、前にコピーしていた機密情報がペーストされてしまい、慌てて消すなんてことがよくあるが、そのタイミングで自動保存されると、それが他人から閲覧可能になってしまう。
たったそれだけの操作ミスで情報流出が起き得る。Googleマイマップはそういうサービスだ。
そうすると、 「新しい地図を作成」をクリックしたらまず真っ先にやらないといけないのは、「限定公開」設定に変更することだ。「タイトル」や「説明」を入力するより前に「限定公開」設定に変更しないと、ボヤボヤしているうちに「タイトル」や「説明」がマップリストに出てしまう。
このことをグーグル社はちゃんと説明しているだろうか。ここで前回の日記にも貼付けた、グーグルの説明ビデオを確認してみる。
おいおい、 「 タイトル 」 と「説明」を入力した後に「一般公開 」 か「限定公開」か決めるように説明しているじゃないか。それじゃ手遅れなんだよ。グーグル社さえ動作を理解してない。
いくらご自慢 のAjaxだつっても、こんなアホな設計はありえないだろ常識的に。
Ajaxなんて、インターフェイス的にはべつに何も新しくない。1995年にJavaアプレットが登場したときにだって、Webの画面内で自由にコンテンツを作るアプレットは様々なものが沢山作られた。図を描いて保存して公開するアプレットもあった。JavaアプレットではURLConnectionを使ってサーバとの非同期通信を実現していた。AjaxはそれをJavaScriptとXMLHttpRequestでやり直したにすぎない。Javaアプレットは様々な原因があって広くは普及しなかったところ、JavaScriptベースのAjaxは様々な技術的理由で成功した。しかしその違いは所詮実装手段の違いでしかなく、新しいことが可能になったわけじゃない。Ajaxだからといってこんなインターフェイスにするのがcoolだなんてことにはならない。「保存」や「OK」ボタンの押下で一時保存し、「公開」ボタンの押下でパブリッシュするというのが伝統的な自然なインターフェイスだ。
知ったかぶって 「ネットに入力した時点で終わりなんだよ」などとうそぶく輩も目につくが、こんな設計は他にない。ブログだって、書き終えた後にパブリッシュ用のボタンを押したタイミングで公開になる。書いてる途中から逐一実況公開されるブログなんてない。
はっきり言おう。Googleマイマップは使ってはいけない。作ってる奴は頭おかしい。
By Susanne Retka Schill
ADVERTISEMENT
Web exclusive posted Nov. 20 , 2008 at 12:17 p.m. CSTDevelopers and farmers continue to pave the way for hemp as a biomass crop in the United States .
The U.S. Appeals Court in St. Paul , Minn. , heard arguments Nov. 12 by two North Dakota farmers trying to get a lower court 's dismissal of their suit against a federal agency overturned .
David Monson , Osnabrock , N.D. , and Wayne Hauge , Ray , N.D. , have state approval to grow industrial hemp in North Dakota , but are suing the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to get a federal permit to grow industrial hemp .
Hemp is related to the illegal drug marijuana and under federal law some of the industrial hemp plant is considered a controlled substance .
The three - judge appeals panel will issue a written decision , but that is n't expected to be available for several months .
While a number of states allow hemp research , North Dakota was the only one to allow hemp cultivation until Vermont granted permission earlier this year .
In Massachusetts , a developer sourced the hemp he used for product evaluation from Canada where the crop is legally grown .
Jim Pillsbury of Framingham , Mass. , is developing hemp for heating pellets .
In 2007 , Pillsbury had a Canadian prototype biomass research facility , ViFam Pro Services of Kirkland , Quebec , test hemp leaf biomass for heating pellets which were then analyzed at the Twin Ports Testing Labs in Superior , Wis .
This past year , the tests were repeated using hemp biomass , stalk and leaf .
Two pellet samples were evaluated � one comprised of a composition of half leaf and half stalk , the other pellet was made with 100 percent stalk .
Pillsbury said the mixed pellets performed similar to the first round of tests done the previous year .
The hemp pellets have a heat content similar to wood pellets at 7,247 British thermal units per pound with a 19 percent ash content .
The pellet made from just hemp stalk had a higher energy content and lower ash content at 7,890 Btu per pound and nine percent ash content .
Pillsbury added , in both cases the hemp fiber used in textiles and paper production had been removed , and the remaining biomass pelletized .
ViFam is currently doing a cost analysis for developing a unit that would separate and pelletize hemp on the farm .
Pillsbury predicts President - elect 's Barack Obama 's administration will lift the ban on growing hemp in the United States , and pointed out that it 's being grown in many other countries .
" The new administration has a solid commitment to bring new and old ideas to the table for renewable energy , " he said .
Industrial hemp is an ideal bioenergy , Pillsbury said , citing figures from Canada that show straw yields of 6 tons per hectare ( 2.47 acres ) and 1.5 tons of fiber , in addition to 200 liters ( 50 gallons ) of oil pressed from the seed .
Sister of Congressman Kucinich dies RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday November 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Beth Ann Kucinich , youngest sister of Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , has died .
Ms. Kucinich , an Army veteran , succumbed to acute respiratory distress syndrome at Veteran 's Hospital in Cleveland on Tuesday .
She had been on life support during her three - week battle .
" Our brother Perry passed away last December .
Beth Ann never got over Perry 's sudden passing .
The two had been inseparable .
She talked about Perry constantly and she longed to be with him , " said the Congressman .
The Kucinich family will receive visitors as Golubski Funeral Home , 6500 Fullerton Avenue , Cleveland , Ohio on Wednesday , November 12 , 4 pm to 9 pm , and on Thursday from 9:30 to 11:00 am , at which time the funeral will begin .
Ms. Kucinich will be interred at Cleveland 's Calvary Cemetery .
The Tribune Company , which filed for bankruptcy protection last week , recently merged the once - formidable bureaus of The Los Angeles Times , The Chicago Tribune , The Baltimore Sun and other papers .
The combined bureau has about 32 people , compared with the more than 70 the papers had there a year ago .
“ I think the cop is leaving the beat here , and I think it ’s a terrible loss for citizens , ” said Andy Alexander , the Cox bureau chief , who is retiring .
“ But I ca n’t argue with the business decision that Cox has made , at a time when papers ca n’t even find the resources to cover the local zoning board . ”
Cox ’s decision was tied to its plan to sell most of its papers , but even without that impetus , the bureau would have become much smaller , said Sandy Schwartz , president of Cox Newspapers .
“ There are tremendous economic pressures , ” he said .
“ We are in a crisis situation .
All newspapers are . ”
As large chains leave , some of their papers  including two of Cox ’s  dip into their own budgets to keep a few reporters in Washington , but they are the exceptions .
“ From an informed public standpoint , it ’s alarming , ” said Representative Kevin Brady , a Republican from the Houston area , who has seen The Houston Chronicle ’s team in Washington drop to three people , from nine , in two years .
“ They ’re letting go those with the most institutional knowledge , which helps reporters hold elected officials accountable . ”
A few organizations have bucked the trend , including The Wall Street Journal , which has put more reporters in Washington in the last year , and The New York Times , whose bureau has not changed much in size for years .
Each paper has almost 50 people in Washington .
Image " They 're letting go those with the most institutional knowledge , which helps reporters hold elected officials accountable , " said Kevin Brady , a Republican Congressman from Texas who said The Houston Chronicle 's team in Washington shrank by two - thirds .
Credit ... Joe Marquette / Bloomberg News
To compensate somewhat for the retreat by its clients , The Associated Press bureau recently shuffled reporters to provide state - specific reports from Washington on all 50 states .
The Bloomberg News bureau has expanded in recent years , and a few Internet sources , like Politico , are still expanding , but the number of journalists added is a fraction of the number lost .
Sex toys & lubricants can contain toxins that are harmful to your health :
It is true , many contain Phthalates and your current lubricant could even contain chemicals contained in antifreeze .
Your sex toys and lubricants must be pure and nontoxic as they are absorbed directly into your body .
This can lead to all kinds of health issues such as abnormal estrogen levels , reduced sperm count , ADHD , liver damage and a variety of cancers , just to name a few .
Home » forums » LtU Forum The Origins of the BitC Programming Language
The process of programming language creation is a subject of too little reflection and retrospection .
Newcomers to the field ( including , in some measure , us ) regularly propose new languages without quite understanding what they are getting into or how big the task is .
...
This paper describes the motivation and early design evolution of the BitC programming language , making our excuses in hindsight and providing a compilation of some of the things that we learned along the way .
... The ML module system [ 18 ] is fully understood only by David MacQueen , and only on alternating weeks .
The Scheme module system [ 8 ] required the combined brilliance of Matt Flatt and Matthias Felleisen ( and six revisions of the language standard ) to achieve .
From the perspective of a mere operating systems weenie , it 's all rather discouraging , but what is the reluctant programming language designer to do ?
...
The real reason we stuck with the LISP - ish syntax is that we did n't want to be fiddling with the parser while designing the language , and ( to a lesser degree ) because we did n't want to encourage programmers until we thought the language was ready .
The Origins of the BitC Programming Language Warning : Work in Progress Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Government plans to overrule its own drug advisers and reclassify cannabis as a more dangerous substance are attacked by leading scientists and MPs in a letter to the Guardian today .
The home secretary , Jacqui Smith , intends to move cannabis from class C to class B , where it will sit alongside amphetamines , such as speed , and barbiturates .
The move comes despite repeated recommendations from the government 's drug advisers that its classification should not be upgraded .
The proposal , which is due to be voted on by peers today , is described as " extremely damaging " in the letter , whose signatories include two former chief scientists , Sir David King and Lord May ; Professor Colin Blakemore , former head of the Medical Research Council ; and Sir Gabriel Horn , chair of the Academy of Medical Science 's working group on brain science , addiction and drugs .
The letter warns that changing the classification of cannabis risks reversing a downwards trend in use of the drug since 2004 and undermines public health messages about the more serious dangers of class B drugs .
It urges peers to block the change of classification by voting to defer the move until 2010 .
" In recommending this change to parliament the government has rejected the explicit advice of its appointed experts , the advisory council on the misuse of drugs , for the first time in its history , " the experts write .
The Lib Dem science spokesman Evan Harris said the letter demonstrated the anger in the science community over the government 's treatment of expert scientific advice .
" It may be that it will take resignations in order for ministers to understand that they can't ignore the evidence and keep scientists on board , " he said .
The government 's advisory council on misuse of drugs ( ACMD ) has reviewed the classification of cannabis three times since 2002 .
Its most recent report , which was commissioned last July amid concerns that highly potent " skunk " was becoming widely available , found that while stronger homegrown strains of the drug dominated the market there was only weak evidence of a link with mental illnesses , such as schizophrenia .
The report called for tougher action against cannabis farms , a crackdown on shops selling cannabis paraphernalia and a renewed public health campaign .
Scientists on the council warned that reclassifying cannabis was unlikely to curb usage , but risked increasing the chances of vulnerable people getting a criminal record .
In a last - ditch attempt to block the Lords from approving the government 's plans , Baroness Meacher has tabled an amendment that would postpone a decision on the drug for two years , pending another review by the ACMD .
In May Smith told the Commons that she had to take public perceptions and the pressures on policing into account when making a final decision on cannabis .
Yoga exercise includes a rich and illustrious background .
Its foundations are rooted in custom and stories that present you clear and basic recommendations to live a healthful and spiritually aligned existence .
Lots of people are drawn to yoga viewpoint as nicely because the additional actual aspects of yoga .
On the other hand , if you ’re a yoga newbie you may experience daunted and overwhelmed from the a lot more subtle philosophical factors of Yoga .
Have you noticed your Yoga exercise Teacher speak about Patanjali ?
Or use the phrases Yoga Sutra ’s , Yama ’s and Niyamas and wondered what that has to do with Yoga ?
Did you realize that yoga is more than 5,000 years old and initially , practiced by monks and seers to be a strategy to assist them connect a lot more deeply with the divine ?
The roots of yoga may be traced back again on the Indus Valley Civilisation ( mature time period 2600 - 1900 BCE ) that flourished inside the Indus River Basin .
This place covers most of Pakistan and extends into parts of modern - day day time India .
Several seals learned throughout the Indus Valley Civilization ( c.3300 – 1700 BC ) depict figures in yoga exercise or meditation like postures , which suggest yoga exercise was practiced then .
The word ‘ yoga ’ originates from the Sanskrit language and signifies union .
In the west there are numerous educational institutions of yoga exercise , however the aim is always the same , to accomplish union , total harmony in between entire body , brain and spirit traditionally in just about every person along with the divine .
In today ’s current climate , quite a few students view yoga exercise purely as being a form of bodily exercise and tend not to recognize that behind the physical workout routines lies a deep and lengthy standing philosophical record and custom .
The “ mind ” element of Yoga is frequently negated towards the exercise of meditation .
Even so , it goes significantly deeper than this and has its roots steeped in Yogic tradition .
Running alongside your asana and meditation exercise is the philosophical side of yoga .
Yoga viewpoint presents you by using a further understanding on the relationship concerning your thoughts , body and spirit .
The Yoga Sutra ’s of Patanjali is one of many most popular texts dealing with yoga beliefs .
Extensively influenced through the good Indian sage Patanjali , most contemporary evening yoga exercise students ’ earliest introduction to philosophy is by means of their introduction on the Yamas and Niyamas or in hearing the words “ the Eight Limbs of Yoga ” .
Patanjali is recognized as among the founders of yoga exercise .
Born close to 300 BC , Patanjali ’s texts offer you a set of 196 aphorisms or threads regarded because Yoga Sutras .
This function epitomizes the principles and practices of yoga because it brings collectively all of the a variety of strands and thoughts re yoga exercise philosophy into 1 comprehensive bundle of expertise .
These threads cover all factor of life , from providing suggestions on how you can dwell a healthy industrious lifetime perfect by way of to thinkings on how you can get to the ultimate target of yoga exercise – self realization .
By way of studying Patanjali ’s text and understanding his teachings it truly is feasible in your case to achieve a further knowing with the historical past and philosophical roots of yoga .
This comprehension will aid to underpin your yoga practice and efforts to acquire handle around your thoughts and emotions as you aspire to lead a far more spiritually aligned and balanced lifetime .
In case you are shopping for any fast and simple way out of your respective existing crazy hectic chosen lifestyle and want to regain calm and balance as part of your home - work existence then claim your
No cost unique report Yoga Workout routines And Relaxation Strategies To Assist you Start out Your Day Inside a Calm and Restful Way on yogaexpert guaranteed to assist you to begin your day on the beneficial , tranquil vibe .
May 10 , 2008 at 4:38 am
by Amaury Nora
A South Texas grand jury has indicted Vice President Dick Cheney and former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales on state charges related to the alleged abuse of prisoners at the Willacy County Detention Center in Raymondville , TX .
Other people who were indicted were , Cameron County ’s Justice of the Peace Judge Gustavo Garza ; former US Attorney for the Southern District of Texas Mervyn Mosbacker ; Willacy County District Attorney Juan Angel Guerra ; State Senator Eddie Lucio Jr ; Willacy County Clerk Gilbert Lozano , District Judges Janet Leal and Migdalia Lopez and special prosecutor Gustavo Garza .
They all face a stream of criminal charges including abuse of office and profiting from office .
The indictment names Cheney and Gonzales as “ co-actors ” engaged in organized criminal activity .
It criticizes Cheney ’s “ 85 billion ” dollar investment in the Vanguard Group , which holds interests in the “ top three [ private prison ] companies ” running the federal detention centers .
The indictment also accuses Cheney of a conflict of interest and “ at least misdemeanor assaults ” on detainees through his “ tremendous amount of influence ” on the agency , the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , that provides contracts to these private prison companies .
From the indictment :
The three - page indictment also alleges that former US Attorney General Alberto Gonzales “ used his position …to stop the investigations as to the wrong doings . ”
The most damning is the three - count murder charge against the GEO Group ( formerly known as the Wackenhut Corrections Corporation ) for allowing “ one or more inmates to physically assault ” Gregorio de la Rosa Jr to death with padlocks stuffed into socks .
He was incarcerated at the GEO Group - operated facility when he was brutally murdered by two other prisoners on April 26 , 2001 ; he was four days away from completing a six - month sentence for a drug - related offense .
The local news stated that nothing will come out of this indictment because Cheney is immune from criminal prosecution , however , this is not true .
According to the Memorandum for the United States Concerning the Vice President ’s Claim of Constitutional Immunity , filed Oct. 5 , 1973 by the Attorney General ’s Office , a Vice President could be subject to indictment and criminal prosecution .
This was in response to Vice President Spiro Agnew ’s argument that both he and the President were immune from criminal prosecution .
Is this finally a dream coming true ?
You can find more in depth analysis on this breaking news on my blog .
UPDATE : AP is now reporting that Cheney ’s indictment in South Texas moves forward .
hsc3 - haskell supercollider
---------------------------- [hsc3 ] ( http://rohandrape.net/?t=hsc3) provides ` Sound .
SC3` , a module for using [ Haskell ] ( http://haskell.org/) as a client to the [ SuperCollider ] ( http://audiosynth.com/) synthesis server .
hsc3 requires [ hosc ] ( http://rohandrape.net/?t=hosc).
There is an [ introduction ] ( http://rohandrape.net/?t=hsc3-texts&e=lhs/hsc3-introduction.lhs) and a [ tutorial ] ( http://rohandrape.net/?t=hsc3-texts&e=lhs/hsc3-tutorial.lhs) at [ hsc3- texts ] ( http://rohandrape.net/?t=hsc3-texts).
There are a number of related projects : - [ hsc3-dot ] (? t=hsc3-dot ) : UGen graph drawing ( 2006 ) - [ hsc3-graphs ](? t=hsc3-graphs ) : UGen graph collection ( 2006 ) - [ hsc3-db ](? t=hsc3-db ) : UGen Database ( 2006 ) - [ hsc3-sf ](?t=hsc3-sf ) : Sound file IO ( 2006 ) - [ hsc3-unsafe ](?t=hsc3-unsafe ) : Unsafe UGen variants ( 2006 ) - [ hsc3-lang ](?t=hsc3-lang ) : SC3 language ( 2007 ) - [ hsc3-rec ](? t=hsc3-rec ) : Record UGens ( 2008 ) - [ hsc3-sf-hsndfile ](?t=hsc3-sf-hsndfile ) : Sound file IO ( libsndfile ) ( 2010 ) - [ hsc3-auditor ](? t=hsc3-auditor ) : Simple - minded auditioner ( 2010 ) - [ hsc3-cairo ](? t=hsc3 -cairo ) : Drawing ( 2012 ) - [ hsc3-plot ](? t=hsc3-plot ) : Plotting ( 2013 ) - [ hsc3-data ](? t=hsc3-data ) : Data formats &etc. ( 2013 ) - [ hsc3-rw ] (?t=hsc3-rw ) : UGen Graph Re-writing ( 2013 ) - [ hsc3-forth ](?t=hsc3-forth ) : FORTH SuperCollider ( 2014 ) - [ hsc3-lisp ](? t=hsc3-lisp ) : LISP SuperCollider ( 2014 ) - [ hsc3-m](? t=hsc3-m ) : UGen variants ( 2018 ) The hsc3 interaction environment ( [ hsc3.el ] (?t=hsc3&e=emacs/hsc3.el ) ) is written for [ GNU ] ( http://gnu.org/)
[ Emacs ] ( http://gnu.org/software/emacs/). <!--
There is also , more obliquely related : - [ sc3-rdu](?t=sc3-rdu ) : SuperCollider UGens ( 1998 ) - [ rsc3 ](?t=rsc3 ) : Scheme SuperCollider ( 2004 ) - [ smlsc3 ](?t=smlsc3 ) : Standard ML SuperCollider ( 2008 ) --> ## cli [ scsynth ](?t=hsc3&e=md/scsynth.md ) , [ setup ] (?t=hsc3&e=md/setup.md ) ## help [ UGen Index ] (? t=hsc3&e=Help/UGen/ix.md ) © [ rohan drape ] ( http://rohandrape.net/) and others , 2005 - 2020 , [ gpl ] ( http://gnu.org/copyleft/) with contributions by : - henning thielemann - stefan kersten - alex mclean - brent yorgey - shae erisson see the [ git ] ( https://git-scm.com/) [ history ] ( ? t=hsc3&q=history ) for details initial announcement : [ [2005-11-29/haskell-cafe ](?t=hsc3&e=md/announce.text ) , [ haskell.org ] ( http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/2005-November/012483.html)]
How are you faring in these hard times ?
The recent economic down turn has hit many of us , especially with small businesses , rather hard .
I do n’t want to dwell on the tough stuff , because you know it .
Instead I wanted to focus on opportunities available to save you money in these tough times .
Today there are dozens of quality products and services available online , often free of charge , that are not only significantly cost saving but also boost efficiency and are extremely simple to use .
This article focuses on 10 tools I ’ve been using to cut costs and improve efficiency in my business .
They ’re easy to use , very professional and integrate successfully into office work flows .
The recent economical crisis forced many small businesses to tighten the belt .
We keep hearing about massive firings or cost - cutting emergency plans .
Not fun , to say the least .
But the financial crash can also serve as an opportunity for improvement .
A harsh need to lower expanses can prove to be very efficient , especially now that the web is serving us with awesome freebies .
It ’s incredible how many quality products and services are available online , free of charge , and a small business that learns to master these opportunities can save a lot of money .
I ’ve gathered 10 such services that I especially like .
These sites can help any small business cut costs .
They ’re easy to use , highly efficient and can successfully integrate with the office work .
The Law – Free Legal Assistance
http://www.thelaw.com/
A business cannot function without legal consultation , and while this site wo n’t go as far as representing you in court , it will certainly provide you with more than basic legal advice and assistance for free .
Amongst the services available on The Law you ’ll find a law dictionary , law outlines , a directory of lawyers , law - related articles and legal documents for download .
But the most important feature this site provides is its forums , where you can post questions about contracts , copyright issues , cyberlaw or even lawyer jokes .
If the forum failed to deliver the appropriate answer , you can ask for a free consultation meeting with an attorney in your area .
I guess lawyers are not as greedy as we thought .
Wix – Create a Free Website for Your Business
http://www.wix.com/
Every business needs a website , right ?
Usually , companies hire web designers and programmers to help them with the complex and challenging mission of building a website .
This costs a lot of money and can create problems in the execution and update process .
Wix puts a stop to all of that .
Wix is an online flash - based app that enables anyone ( seriously , anyone , even me ) to create professional websites .
The Wix editor is basically a drag&drop interface , where users can design their site from scratch or choose to work with an existing sample .
The creating process is very simple and actually quite enjoyable .
Wix does not require any knowledge of designing or programming , but the results still look very professional and respectable .
Check out these samples , created with no expenses :
http://www.wix.com/StripTeas/home
http://www.wix.com/amk212/Golani%20Adventure
http://www.wix.com/hcdesign/think
internet is fun – Spread Yourself
http://www.internetisfun.com/
Viral no longer means disease .
It spells success .
Everyone wants their product / service / vision spread virally across the web , generating millions of views with minimum effort .
Internet is fun is designated for sharing web bits with viral potential .
How does it work ?
Mike shares a site that he likes with 4 friends .
3 of them share the site with 6 other friends and so forth .
This used to happen in the private sphere of our email inbox , but internet is fun took it upon themselves to liberate the inbox and transfer the viral action to the web .
Businesses get two main benefits from internet is fun .
One is access to users who enjoy sharing and forwarding .
Consider them your fwd minions .
If they like your product , they ’ll make sure it gets to as many people as possible .
The other advantage is that the site allows you to track where and how your viral item travelled , who saw it , who forwarded it and what people have to say about it .
It ’s a very groovy site filled with young , internet savvy folks .
A tip : if you want maximum results from them , try talking to them in their own language .
Mint – They Care for Your Money
http://www.mint.com/
Most people think the internet is only good for watching free vids or googling their new co-worker , but what would you say if I told you the internet is now capable of managing your financial issues – for free ?
Crazy as it may sound , Mint offers an online money management service that can not only keep an eye on what your money ’s doing , it can also suggest new ways for you to save money .
Mint assist users in managing their investments , tracking their transactions , planning a balanced budget and even keeping up with it .
While some people are still a little concerned with sharing their financial information online , Mint assures their users that their security policy is of the highest levels .
If you ask me , it ’s probably safer to use Mint than to trust your bank or Credit Card Company .
A significant advantage of Mint is it ’s terrific usability .
I get completely lost around numbers , so I really need a simple mechanism to help me with my financial stuff , and Mint is exactly that .
OpenProj – Ultimate Free Project Control
http://openproj.org/
Keeping track of all the different aspects of a project can be a real pain , especially since most of us are not natural born Gantt wizards .
That ’s why efficient project management for free , as provided by OpenProj , is a real blessing for businesses .
OpenProj is an open source desktop application that aims to simplify the complexities of project management – scheduling , tasking , estimating , multi- dependencies coordinating , analyzing , resource assigning and all those depressing processes .
The interface is neat , simple to understand but still maintains a high level of professionalism .
It ’s one of those cases where “ Intuitive ” does not mean “ For Dummies ” .
You can run Microsoft files , Primavera files and other external Gannt files with OpenProj , which is a great advantage because it allows you to easily integrate previous projects with it .
And on a personal note , I always support initiatives that battle Microsoft ’s greedy ways .
OpenProj is one of these brave initiatives , offering a quality free alternative to Microsoft Project ( now available for only $ 599.99 ! ! ) .
Choosing OpenProj over Microsoft is by no means a compromise .
You get a great product for free and keep $ 600 .
It ’s just common sense .
DocStoc – Documents Heaven
http://docstoc.com/
Everyone has an online community these days , even documents .
Meet DocStoc .
This site successfully provides two time saving services for the cost of nothing .
One is managing and organizing your documents .
After uploading them , you can store your documents , create an embed code for them , share them with other people and keep track of who ’s viewing them .
It ’s an excellent solution for messy desktops and crowded folders .
The other thing DocStoc offers is an immense variety of much needed documents concerning legal issues , business and financial matters , technology assistance , educational affairs and even showbiz .
You can easily browse or search the huge pool of docs , available in more than 50 different languages .
The documents are ranked according to different parameters ( rates , views , downloads ) , and users can also write their own review about them .
You can also browse the “ Docsters ” , meaning , the people behind the documents .
This doubles as a good networking opportunity , as you can easily come across people with similar professional profiles as yours , or in industries you are seeking to connect with .
Free CRM – Smiling Customers
http://www.freecrm.com/
Businesses have customers and customers require Customer Relationship Management .
Free CRM ( the title is pretty much self - explanatory , I think ) is a web - based CRM tool that provides a very clever method of tracking , organizing and analyzing your relations with the clientele .
As online contact with customers intensifies , the demand for more advanced CRM softwares grows accordingly .
Free CRM deals with this demand quite well , delivering features such as email - campaigns regulation , contact lists management , multi-sources synchronization , simplification of the support system and many other professional CRM solutions .
Compared to other free CRM products , Free CRM simply offers more no -cost services ( a major plus is the Unlimited Users option , which other CRM tools charge for ) .
Like any other company in this field , they also offer additional services for money , but from what I ’ve seen their Professional Edition , sold for $ 14.95 per month , is substantially cheaper than other paid services .
Flickr Creative Commons – Pool of Visuals
http://www.flickr.com/creativecommons/
I do n’t know what I hate more about photo stock services , the fact that they charge a lot of money or the fact that the same photos are used in everyone ’s marketing .
Anyway , Flickr ’s Creative Commons section solves both these problems very well .
And then some .
You get access to a massive quantity of photos that were uploaded by the site ’s users , meaning , photos of real people and not unemployed models sitting in fake plastic living rooms .
The quality of the photos is usually very good .
And though I ’ve never tried to use them for print purposes I can vouch for their benefit in online marketing campaigns .
A word of warning when you ’re using photos from Creative Commons – be sure to pay attention to the license type chosen by the user .
Some photos are not available for commercial use or graphic modifications , and you must respect that .
Also , if you ’re a Flickr user yourself and you ’re using Creative Commons , it will only be appropriate that you share some of your photos as well .
Consider it good for your business and your karma .
Babel Fish – Everyone ’s a Translator
http://babelfish.yahoo.com/
Yahoo !
Babel
Fish is definitely one of my favorite online tools .
I often deal with texts in foreign languages that I somehow need to crack – fast .
Babel Fish takes care of it with no bother .
It ’s the simplest mechanism in the world ( you copy , you paste , you click , you understand ) , it translates all the major languages and it ’s free free free .
I used to work in an office that paid enormous amounts of money to a translation company , and often it was a waste .
Naturally , you should n’t trust Babel Fish with translating mportant business and legal texts , but it is certainly capable of translating texts , emails and websites that you need to read , and competitors you wish to analyze .
There are two translation options available on Babel Fish .
One is to feed the text you want to translate into a designated field ( up to 150 words ) and the other is to translate an entire URL .
Google also offers a freebie translation tool , but I find Babel Fish more convenient and accurate than theirs .
Tech Support Guy – No Cost Tech Support
http://www.techguy.org/
Paying a technician for every little thing that goes wrong was the expensive but only way for small businesses that do n’t have in - house tech support . ,
Now you have an alternative : a brilliant site called Tech Support Guy .
It ’s filled with technology prodigies who are willing to offer their help for free .
I ’ve used Tech Guy ’s assistance for so many different things – from office printer issues to my rebellious iPod .
The answers you find in their forums are so professional it ’s really hard to believe there ’s no money involved .
For me , Tech Support Guy captures the essence of the future web communities .
Soon enough , we will all be helping each other out for free .
This list is just the tip of the snow cone .
There are plenty of excellent services and tools available online for free .
If you think I left out something valuable , please share it with us in the comments below .
And of course , let us know what ’s working for you !
Analysis
By John Pienaar
Political correspondent , BBC News
Not Marx : Mervyn King has been warning banks to increase their lending Close your eyes and superimpose a huge , scraggly beard on the face of Mervyn King .
Ruffle his hair a bit .
The governor of the Bank of England still does n't look much like Karl Marx , does he ?
Now remove the exquisitely tailored suit , and imagine him in a donkey jacket .
Michael
Foot he is n't .
Or , for that matter , anyone but the cautious , conservative , pillar of the British financial establishment that he is .
Yet there he was , calmly contemplating the nationalisation of British high street banks .
Not just public ownership or partial ownership of banks , but control .
No-one has seriously dreamt of such a thing since Labour 's 1983 manifesto .
Remember ?
They called it the " longest suicide note in political history " .
At any normal time , it would have been a mind - boggling suggestion .
But these times are far from being normal .
As it was , it was merely surprising .
Having listened to the latest session of the cross-party Treasury Select Committee , it is a little hard , surely , to accept that the pre-Budget report amounts to the " death of New Labour " .
Is this really the return of old - style , redistributionist thinking to the party of Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson ( now , apparently , as close as ever they were in the salad days of the New Labour project ) ?
Cabinet ministers seem to laugh off the idea that Labour has returned to its rather withered , socialist roots .
Governor warns banks on lending
The present economic emergency has turned all conventional political thinking on its head .
Unconstrained borrowing is prudent .
A spending spree is responsible , even selfless .
And public ownership of a High Street bank may be no more than reminding the board to do its duty in our free market , capitalist system .
These are , as the chancellor said on Monday , " extraordinary times " .
In any case , as one cabinet minister put it to me : " We 've always been redistributionist .
Look at tax credits . "
A Downing Street adviser added : " New Labour has always been about adapting to changing circumstances .
That 's what we are doing now . "
True .
The " R " word was always banned and come to think of it , still is .
Euphemisms such as " social justice " are preferred .
That and the need to pour cash into the pockets of those thought most likely to spend it .
Labour has , nonetheless , returned to a place traditionalist Labour MPs find wonderfully comfortable .
Clinton and Obama
The proposal for a new top rate of tax on those earning over £ 150,000 a year is thought likely , by those MPs , to appeal to the British sense of fair play .
In the meantime , they love the idea to bits .
Cabinet ministers seem to laugh off the idea that Labour has returned to its rather withered , socialist roots .
Perhaps they are simply laughing with joy at the sudden influx of cash into their departmental coffers .
As for the Tories , they seem ideologically comfortable with their return to the principles of fiscal Conservatism .
But they are privately admitting to the discomfort of watching Gordon Brown 's hyperactivity from the enforced idleness of opposition , while waiting for an instinctive dislike of deep debt , and a yearning for tax cuts in the distant future , to buoy up their position in the opinion polls .
As one senior member of the shadow cabinet put it : " Remember .
Bill Clinton won an election on the issue of the national debt . "
Maybe so .
But Barack Obama won one on the issue of taxing the rich , and borrowing billions to spend refloating the economy .
This argument has a long , hard distance to run .
It wo n't be easy for any of them .
On both sides , they understand that perfectly well .
Here is a selection of your comments reflecting a balance of the views received : New Labour and Old Labour are dead as far as I am concerned .
I can't believe there are people who defend these incompetent oafs .
Most of middle England have been saying for years we are heading for a fall , so what do Labour do ?... climb higher to ensure the fall is further .
Let us all move to vote no confidence in them !
Gary , Lincolnshire
New labour is finished it got in with a confidence trick pretending to favour the downtrodden then turned into a Wolf in sheeps clothing
It told porkies about student fees , its whipped up hysteria against the sick and unemplyed , its pandered to lobbyists payed billions to agencies , Junketed the private sector Spin Lies , daft ideas , draconian almost Stasi like intrusion , 1984 Orwellian attitude , It ddint build public housing it wrecked teh economy betrayed the working class , made our borders porous , allowed the feral to run riot , yes NewLabour is dead bury it as a failed experiment
It wasted a golden oppurtunity to heal but instead caused pain , RiP & good riddance
shaun , stoke on trent Is New Labour Dead ?
Yes ,
Thank goodness clear off now !
take your PC , redtape anti English claptrap with you and dont come back .... EVER !
bill , Ascot New Labour was able to win elections and govern the country by abandoning looney left ideas and moving to the centre ground .
I think everyone agrees that extreme times call for extreme actions but the governments legacy will now be remembered not for the good " new labour " has accomplished but the tax time bomb " labour " has left for the next generation .
New Labour RIP
Steve Scandrett , Warwick
Don't worry too much ; if you look at history Labour overspend and run up huge debt ; the Tories are elected and sort it out .
Then when it is looking good we vote for some used car salesman , and Labour get in again .
Alex London , London Yes , New Labour is dead and has been for some time now .
I would love to see the evidence that Gordon Brown based his ' no more boom and bust ' statement on because everyone trusted that he was telling the truth only to find it was a lie .
Now good old Gordy is claiming that he did n't actually say that .
He is now having to mop up his own mess from when he was Chancellor .
He can point the finger of blame at someone else for the mess we 're in now but he 's got 3 other fingers pointing right back at him .
Angela C , Huddersfield , UK Blair 's calling for a new model of capitalism after spending over a decade at No. 10 telling us the one we had was the best thing since sliced bread .
The Tories want to get through the recession by putting millions on the dole , just like they did in the 80 'a and 90's , when they created the current model that has failed so miserably around the globe .
As for Gordon , he 'll now do anything to retain power .
If he fails then we can look forward to the Thatcherites regaining power , and finally finishing her work - the total decimation of the British economy and British society as we know it .
Andrew Thompson , London Yes NuLaburr is dead and buried - and good riddance .
Add to this the fact that " Old Labour " has been long dead and you get the dream scenario - no more Labour party .
Not ever ...
All we need is a snap election to put a bunch of useless MPs on the dole - or , more accurately , back to their city jobs " full - time " .
adey , Plymouth I hope that what is happening may be a signal that the Labour Party is returning to where it tradionally came from .
The sad thing of the past ten years is that the rich have become filthy rich while the poor have been getting the scraps from the rich man 's table .
I hope this is a return to good socialist values
john whyte , Buckley , North Wales Anyone watching Ed Miliband 's face when the chancellor was at the dispatch would give a resounding " yes " to this question .
The shock and horror on his face really spoke volums , he seemed as appalled at the ammount of borrowing as anyone on the tory or libdem benches .
Annie , Durham Nulabour / old labour it 's all the same to me .
Labour have never been a party to get the country going anywhere .
They just make a huge mess and the Tories have to clean it up .
Its such a shame when the workers think they can run the business , when in fact the managers are the only ones with the insight to make it work .
Roll on the general election .
Bob , UK I have never thought that old Labour had died .
Gordon Brown has been taxing us wealth creaters and giving the money to those who want to lay in bed until the pubs open since he came to Government .
On another point , where have all the Gold reserves gone , into those same pockets I think you will find .
Robert Bebbington , Havant , England
This farce that is so called New Labour , was always destined to hit the buffers , when a political party has no basic beliefs & values and drifts based on the last mori poll or sound bite , its no wonder we end up with the goverment falling between a political rock & a hard place .
Had the goverment maintained a core values beliefs approach to its politics over the long term , the country as a whole would know where its goverment are taking them , based on knowing what there political stance was , sadly we have fag paper politics between labour & tory , close your eyes and you could be forgiven for not knowing which party was speaking .
Then we wonder why we have such apathy within the country for our political system .
Peter Burrows , Dunstable Personally I thing New Labour 's first act of self - harm was to impose an unelected prime minister on the country .
Now , the pre-budget fiasco has opened up the party 's veins and the coup de grace will be administered at the next election .
Terry Ozbourne , Newark , United Kingdom
I find it hard to consider this the rebirth of Old Labour when a body far more market - driven than New Labour is adopting similar interventionist policies to those recently announced in Britain : the US Treasury .
I take Alistair Darling at his word that these are necessary measures in these extraordinary times , not some opportunistic grasp at long - harboured socialist goals .
John , Lewisburg , PA , USA New Labour was in life support the moment Gordon Brown became Prime Minister .
The PBR ( Pre Budget Report ) definitely buried the patient .
By the way , forget 45 % on those earning 150 K , the PBR has introduced a new marginal rate of 61.5 % on those earning 100 K due to removal of tax allowances .
Definitely old Labour and the highest marginal tax rate since the 1970's .
Patrick Hall , UK New Labour is not dead and neither is a progressive agenda .
The strength of a modern party is how you adapt to changing situations .
New Labour in taking action on the banks and re- balancing the tax rate to reflect social justice .
This is not return of 70's style Labour Policy 's in fact just the reverse .
New Labour is being realistic on the problems we all face with a world downturn .
What we are seeing is not the death of New Labour but the death of Conservative free market policy that leaves everything to the markets to decide and ignores the risks we have all seen .
Thankfully that free - market view is over .
A view which has caused so much harm with the world economy in past months has Finally shown that Thatcher and Regan 's grasps on understanding was ill judged .
Far from New Labour being dead it is policy that David Cameron and his Conservatives are still following that is being firmly rejected .
Gary Hills , Stevenage / England
It 's alive and well ... it's about making decisions not on tribal ideology for the tribe 's sake but making decisions based on the need of the country at a particular time .
We may not have had the end of boom and bust but we do have with New Labour a party who governs in the interest of the country regardless of whether the decisions being made are unpopular with tribal elders within the party .
If it is the best thing for the country they will do it .
There is no reason why New labour should not be in power for the next ten years and I hope they are .
kdbur , london
Not only the death of New labour but the slippery slope gets re greazed and becomes increasingly steeper for the Labour party .
This sham will only feed the increasing argument in favour of a return to Conservative power in England and Scottish Independence .
A vat decrease and a few mediocre concesions in a feable attempt to buy confidence has already not surprisingly , back fired as Labours tactics are scrutinised and exposed .
Even in a depressed world and with its Banking Infrsastructure ruined by irresponsible actions of New Labour and pending mass unemployment , Scotland would be better off now and after the recession recedes as an independent nation .
The Health of a Nation is directly affected by its Wealth and Great Britain as it is known , is dying .
Kenny Higgins , Inverkip Scotland The End of New Labour ?
Goodbye to Tony ?
What a wonderful thought .
We so much need hope after years of Thatcherism and the man who fell in love with His own image and his notorious place in history .
Roll on a new era .
We probably owe Barack much more than we realise .
Julian Buchanan , West Kirby
Yes , but not in the sense of it being a return to Old Labour .
It seems to me that even if they manage to start to salvage the British economy in time ; they 'll still have lost the argument .
To most people it looks just like they 're penalising tax - payers for banking policies and rewarding the bankers .
That 's different to New Labour , but the opposite of Old Labour .
The problem is that my research shows that it was the Conservative policies of the 1920s and 1930s ; particularly the commitment to the Gold standard which helped make the UK depression so deep and destructive and it was the left - wing Keynsian economics which , implemented in Japan and then the US actually dragged them out .
I do n't believe the Tory response is right , but it is easy to understand .
I do n't think that Labour can win the argument unless they can convince people that money is like fluid which needs to flow to be useful , not an object which is valuable because you own it .
- cheers from jules @P
Julian Skidmore , Manchester , UK " New Labour " and the hideous Blair Smile was only ever a thin veneer to deceive the English people and make Labour acceptable .
" True Labour " was always just under the surface .
Labour was rejected by the English people in the last general election and was only returned to power through the distorted electoral system that favours Labour over other parties .
Labour 's financial incompetence and its love of soviet style state control has once again been exposed , as per the Wilson and Callaghan governments and once again there are going to leave such a mess it will once again take a generation and much hardship to rectify .
By its very nature , and with a huge chip on its collective shoulder , Labour has never been able to create or preserve the wealth of the country it is only capable of taxing and wasting , creating stupid legislation and trying to remove the ability of people to think and act for themselves .
Unfortunately the ENGLISH people with have to endure another two years of rule under this Scottish Prime Minister and his Scottish Chancellor , neither of whom we elected , and then we can bring about the hopefully permanent death of Labour .
We really must now demand Freedom For England and put an end to the tyranny of the Labour 's Scottish socialists that have set about the destruction of our once proud country .
tim , durham
There never was a new Labour !
What we have witnessed since they got into power is old Labour time and time again .
The only thing that has changed is that things have got worse , not better and as is always the case they got in with false promises and on the public 's hope of change for the better , none of which has ever been delivered .
Verity , UK
Yes and simply because the majority of people with a brain , at last has come to understand that through the deceit , proflicacy and duplicity of this terrible party the UK is on its knees .
It will take years to put the mess right and as usual the middle - income groups as always will have to pay the price - but then it always was ' Champagne Socialism ' under Blair and now under Brown it 's a matter of smoke and mirrors .
Rosalind Mercer , Bedford
New labour was only ever old labour plus spin .
Overall taxation has steadly increased since they came to power , the non-working class has been getting richer , spending has increased with little visible results , there 's been target culture mania , inflation has simply been hidden in the housing markets ( invention of CPI ) , national debt is spiralling and now it 's all gone wrong .
How was that any different to old labour ?
Jim C , Exeter New Labour is definitely still alive and kicking .
Maybe if the nowadays - little - mentioned Clause IV was reinstated and actually implemented by the Labour Party , the Tories would at least have something to be a bit genuinely scared about .
Steve , Highlands , UK
It 's not just New Labour ?
it 's the death of Thatcherism and Reaganomics .
The sacred cows have come home to roost !
Richard Porter , Maidenhead , UK
Of course it's not dead , they 're addressing a global issue and overstepping party lines to do so .
They have the experts at their disposal , and they 've made an informed decision which , as history has shown , will probably pay - off .
This should n't be seen as a party political issue , any sensible Government would carefully consider this line of action .
Constable , UK New Labour has been dead since Broon took over .
He IS old labour through and through and a Stalin type control freak with his fingerprints all over the pbr .
New labour was a myth invented and acted out by Tory Bliar .
Call an election PLEASE !
robert allcock , pershore england New Labour is dead and so is Gordon Brown .
Oh we had those fine words we will have no more boom & bust .
Well I no longer beleive in Fairy Stories .
This problem has been coming for a long time .
We ahve got drunk on credit and now we have got to pay and we do n't like it .
Gordon Browns economic miracle was built on debt .
The economy grew because of plenty fo remortgage .
ted , windsor U K Dead as a dead thing can be and I have voted labour all my life , the cycle will begin again with the conservatives winning the next election .
Lower fuel duty and everything else will fall , £ 2.50 in every £ 100.00 is a pathetic attempt to fool the masses .
Gordon you have cocked up !!!!!!!
Paul Stebbings , Obama 's election did not turn on the issue of taxing the rich .
Far from it .
On economic matters it turned on the disasters that surfaced beginning in September and that have continued until now .
Obama himself yesterday said that the Bush tax cuts , primarily for higher income earners , might simply be allowed to expire in 2011 rather than being immediately repealed .
Obama 's economists , a smorgasbord of liberals , moderates and conservatives , can be counted on the craft plans that defy easy clasifications such as " taxing the rich . "
Would that the BBC would avoid such easy , and apparently unresearched , characterizations .
Sam Davis , Birmingham , AL , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Good Samaritan Sued For Rendering Aid
The California Supreme Court ruled against a woman on Thursday who provided aid to her co-worker at the scene of a car crash .
allegedly made worse the injuries ofwhen she pulled her " like a rag doll " from the wrecked vehicle .
The high court of seven justices were divided 4 - 3 but sent a clear signal that rescue efforts are the responsibility of trained professionals .
The ruling is also the first time that the California justices have opened the door for litigation against people who render non-medical aid in good faith .
In 1980 , the Legislature enacted the Health and Safety Code , which stated that " no person who in good faith , and not for compensation , renders emergency care at the scene of an emergency shall be liable for any civil damages resulting from any act or omission . "
There were three dissenting justices who argued that the above mentioned legislation was clearly " to encourage persons not to pass by those in need of emergency help , but to show compassion and render the necessary aid . "
Torti , Van Horn and three other co-workers from the San Fernando Valley partied on Halloween 2004 , leaving a bar at 1:30 a.m. after a night of dancing and drinking .
The group was traveling in two cars .
Van Horn was a front seat passenger in a car that crashed into a light pole at a speed of approximately 45 mph .
The second vehicle pulled up behind the crash vehicle and Torti , the passenger , reportedly saw smoke and liquid coming from the crash vehicle and feared a fire and explosion .
She immediately plucked Van Horn from the crash vehicle and deposited her onto the ground .
Van Horn suffered permanent damage to her spinal cord as a result of the vertebrae injury and is now a paraplegic .
Her lawsuit alleges that Torti 's action made matters worse .
The case will go to trial in 2009 .
Check out a video detailing the facts below .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Friday ordered mass layoffs and unpaid furloughs for state workers starting in February to address California ’s growing fiscal crisis .
Under his executive order , 238,000 employees will be forced to take off two unpaid days per month through June 30 , 2010 .
Managers will receive either the furlough or an equivalent salary reduction during the same period .
H.D. Palmer , spokesman for Schwarzenegger ’s finance department , said the mandatory time off is the equivalent of about a 9 % pay cut for affected workers .
He said the furloughs would save the state more than $ 1.2 billion .
It is unclear how many people will lose their jobs .
Palmer said each department will have to cut its payroll by 10 % and will make its own decisions on how many workers must go .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger attempted a few months ago to unilaterally reduce the pay of state employees , but his order never took effect .
State Controller John Chiang said the state ’s payroll system was incapable of carrying it out .
Chiang did not comment on the viability of Schwarzenegger ’s new order , saying in a statement Friday that he had not seen the administration ’s implementation plan .
The governor ’s order was condemned by officials of state employee unions , who vowed a legal challenge .
Democratic legislative leaders voiced angry disappointment but said they were willing to return to negotiations with the Republican governor to solve the state ’s financial problems .
A day after Schwarzenegger said he would veto an $ 18 - billion package of cuts and new revenue adopted by the Legislature , he blamed lawmakers for the need to seek layoffs and other measures to reduce spending .
Advertisement
“ Our state ’s fiscal crisis has worsened dramatically in the past few weeks without legislative action to address our budget crisis , ” Schwarzenegger said in a letter to state employees Friday , after he declared another fiscal emergency and called a new special session of the Legislature .
Lawmakers ended the previous special session Thursday with the passage of the $ 18 - billion package forged by Democrats to shrink a $ 42 - billion budget gap expected by mid-2010 .
Schwarzenegger asked the personnel department to work with state agencies to initiate “ layoffs , reductions and other efficiencies ” starting Feb .
1 .
Tens of thousands of employees , those in the bottom 20 % of seniority , will receive “ surplus ” notices within the next month , said personnel officials , but not all who receive them will be laid off .
Advertisement
“ I regret having to take these steps , ” Schwarzenegger wrote in his letter .
“ We simply have no choice .
The emergency steps I am announcing will require sacrifice from everyone , including those in my own office . ”
Aaron McLear , Schwarzenegger ’s spokesman , said it was unclear how many of the governor ’s staff will be laid off .
Employee groups , including the Service Employees International Union Local 1000 , said they would file a grievance with the state Public Employment Relations Board , charging that the governor ’s order is an unfair labor practice because workforce reductions are currently the subject of contract negotiations , according to Yvonne Walker , president of the local .
“ The situation is out of control , ” said Walker , who represents 95,000 people , the largest number of unionized white - collar state workers .
“ With the state ’s economy heading towards a cliff , Gov. Schwarzenegger has pushed the state ’s fiscal crisis into catastrophe . ”
Advertisement
Walker said the new layoffs will come on top of 10,000 job cuts made in the last year .
The Assn. of California State Supervisors objected that managers were being singled out for potential pay cuts and layoffs on a day when the state unemployment rate rose to 8.4 % , the worst in 14 years .
Assembly Majority Leader Alberto Torrico ( D - Newark ) and other Democratic lawmakers issued a statement condemning the order by the governor , who negotiates state employee contracts .
“ Arnold Schwarzenegger may be Hollywood royalty , but that does n’t make California a monarchy , ” the statement said .
“ Part of his core responsibility is to negotiate deals with employees . ”
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger ’s order prohibits state agencies from entering into new consulting contracts to cover the furloughs and layoffs .
Additionally , he asked agencies not under his direct control , including the University of California , the California State University , California Community Colleges and the Legislature to implement layoffs and furloughs to cut their budgets .
Without these actions , the governor said , the state cash reserve is estimated to be a negative $ 5 billion in March .
California is expected to run out of cash by February .
Democratic legislative leaders said Friday that they were willing to go back to the bargaining table with Schwarzenegger to try to resolve the issues that led the governor to threaten a veto of their financial package .
Advertisement
They believe differences over economic stimulus measures and relaxation of environmental laws for construction projects can be settled .
“ We are far too close to let this $ 18 - billion opportunity slip , ” said Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) .
“ We want to sit down with the governor as soon as possible . ”
Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) noted that the legislative package approved Thursday calls for $ 500 million in savings through unspecified workforce cuts .
It would be up to Schwarzenegger to negotiate the cuts with employee unions .
But in vowing to veto the legislation , the governor , she said , is “ trying to pass off his responsibility onto us because he does n’t want to take the heat for that .
That ’s not acceptable . ”
Advertisement
She also objected to Schwarzenegger ’s demand that lawmakers incorporate every one of his budget ideas .
“ It ’s like a child telling Santa , ‘ If you do n’t bring every single item on my list , then stay out of my chimney , ’ ” Bass said .
Steinberg and Bass said they would stay in Sacramento through the holidays to keep negotiations going .
The governor spent Friday in Los Angeles and Fresno .
Advertisement
“ He seems to think that we need to be here all the time , ” Bass said .
“ He needs to be here and join us . ”
McLear said Schwarzenegger is ready to keep talking , even by video conference .
“ He ’ll meet with them whenever they want to , ” McLear said .
--
Advertisement
patrick.mcgreevy@ latimes.com
jordan.rau@latimes.com
The Eliot Spitzer image rehabilitation tour continues .
On the heels of Ashley Dupré 's sitdown with Diane Sawyer , New York magazine reports that Spitzer 's considering writing a book that would expand upon his Nov. 16 op - ed in the Washington Post , focusing on the roots of the financial crisis .
" Those hoping for a prostitute - centric tell - all are in for a disappointment , said the source , though the book would take a wistful look at his fourteen - month governorship and its unfulfilled goals . "
comments closed
permalink
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 3 , 2008
A new video has surfaced clearly showing the demolition of WTC Building 7 .
In its latest report , the National Institute of Standards and Technology attempted to once and for all put to rest the evidence that the building was taken down via demolition by explaining that fires had caused the collapse .
Specifically , NIST claimed “ thermal expansion ” had brought about the collapse .
As Trish Stevens notes , the NIST report “ is contrary to all historical , visual , and physical evidence , according to an independent worldwide organization composed of more than 470 engineers and architects .
WTC - 7 was a 47 - story skyscraper located more than a football field away from the North Tower and was not hit by any airplane , yet completely collapsed hours after the Twin Towers fell in a similar manner . ”
Dr. Steven Jones says there is “ an abundance of evidence which NIST refuses to look at or even account for that clearly points to controlled demolition as the source that destroyed these buildings . ”
As the new video clearly reveals , the center supporting columns of the 47 - story building were taken out , allowing the building to collapse into its footprint in a symmetrical , straight down fashion .
“ This is controlled demolition , ” averred demolitions expert Danny Jowenko in 2006 .
“ A team of experts did this .
This is professional work , without any doubt . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In 2007 , a 9/11 first responder went on the record to describe how he heard a demolition - style countdown precede the collapse of WTC 7 .
“ Earlier this year , we reported on the testimony of an anonymous EMT named Mike who told Loose Change producer Dylan Avery that hundreds of emergency rescue personnel were told over bullhorns that Building 7 , a 47 story skyscraper adjacent the twin towers that was not hit by a plane yet imploded symmetrically later in the afternoon on 9/11 , was about to be ‘ pulled ’ and that a 20 second radio countdown preceded its collapse , ” writes Paul Joseph Watson .
“ That account was backed up by another ground zero rescue worker who went on the record with her full name .
Volunteer EMT
Indira
Singh described to a radio show how she learned that WTC 7 was going to be ‘ brought down ’ and the context was clear that it was to be deliberately demolished . ”
“ The whole time you ’re hearing boom , boom , boom , boom , boom .
I think I know an explosion when I hear it , ” NYPD officer Craig Bartmer revealed last year .
Bartmer stated his incredulity at how fast the Building 7 site was cleaned up compared to the rest of ground zero .
In addition , other ground zero emergency workers have gone on record as stating they were told Building 7 was to be “ pulled . ”
An anonymous source , identified simply as “ Mike , ” told Loose Change producer Dylan Avery that hundreds of emergency rescue personnel were told over bullhorns that Building 7 was to be brought down .
An yet , if we are to believe NIST and FEMA , fires are responsible for the classical demolition of the building .
Now that we have a video that clearly and irrefutably shows that Building 7 was indeed brought down by demolition , the response of NIST and FEMA will be interesting .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Why are we asking this now ?
Over the weekend , his Holiness the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of Tibet 's Buddhists and the man who has been at the centre of efforts to highlight the Tibetan cause for decades , explained that he " had given up " his struggle .
" I have been sincerely pursuing the middle - way approach in dealing with China for a long time now , but there has n't been any positive response from the Chinese side , " the 73 - year - old told an audience at Dharamsala , the Indian Himalayan town that is the headquarters of the so - called Tibetan government - in - exile .
" As far as I 'm concerned , I have given up . "
Does that mean the Dalai Lama is retiring ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Karma Choephel , the speaker of the parliament in - exile , told reporters that the Dalai Lama used to say that he was semi-retired and that now he believed he was was almost completely retired .
However , a senior aide to the Nobel laureate last night dismissed speculation that he would start taking a back seat in Tibet 's affairs .
" Because of the lack of response from the Chinese we have to be realistic .
There is no hope , " said Tenzin Taklha .
" His holiness does not want to become a hindrance to the Tibetan issue , and therefore has sent a letter to the parliament regarding what options he has . "
Is there a possibility that he may continue his work ?
Talk of retirement may be a little misleading .
Last year , Tenzin Gyatso , who is the 14th Dalai Lama , made clear that he wished to reduce some of his political duties and have the elected Tibetan parliament - in - exile take a more active role .
However , when a crisis broke out this spring – as the Chinese authorities cracked down aggressively on a number of uprisings across Tibet – the Dalai Lama placed himself at the centre of efforts urging restraint from both sides .
He even offered to personally travel to Beijing to negotiate with the Chinese leadership over the issue .
One position from which he cannot retire is his role as a living god .
Having been anointed the 14th Dalai Lama when he was just two years old , he will retain that position until death .
How have the Chinese authorities responded to the Dalai Lama ?
In short , pretty badly .
Either directly or else via their proxies , Beijing has routinely dismissed and demonised the Tibetan spiritual leader and his supporters .
In the spring , during the worst crisis in Tibet for two decades , the head of Tibet 's hardline Communist Party , Zhang Qingli , said of the Nobel laureate : " The Dalai is a wolf in monk 's robes , a devil with a human face but the heart of a beast .
We are now engaged in a fierce blood - and - fire battle with the Dalai clique , a life - and - death battle between us and the enemy . "
At the time , the Dalai Lama insisted that the uprisings that broke out across the Tibetan plateau had not been orchestrated or organised from Dharamsala .
He urged a peaceful solution to the problem .
What impact would the Dalai Lama 's retirement have on the movement for Tibetan independence ?
In regard to the high - profile campaign to gather support around the world , if the 73 - year - old decided to stand down it would be a huge blow .
Since he fled to India 1959 , the Dalai Lama has worked to spread the word of his homeland 's fate , courting both politicians and Hollywood celebrities such as Richard Gere and Steven Seagal .
Charming , ebullient yet convincing , he has been more responsible than anyone for gaining supporters to the cause .
On the other hand , not all Tibetans support his tactics .
For many years the Dalai Lama has promoted a " third way " in regard to Tibet , calling for meaningful autonomy rather than full independence and arguing that he wants to protect Tibet 's people and culture .
Even during the spring crisis earlier this year , he refused to give his backing to calls for a boycott of the Beijing Olympics .
What has been the response of young Tibetans to the retirement ?
Many younger Tibetans say thatwhile they respect the Dalai Lamaand venerate him as a living god , his tactics are wrong .
Groups such as the Tibetan Youth Congress have demanded full independence forTibet and led a far more outspoken campaign to achieve it .
The group 's president , Tsewang Rigzin , said yesterday : " I think the statement by his Holiness is an eye - opener for the Tibetan people .
" We are not against the middle - way approach of his Holiness , the fact is that China is not sincere and has never been sincere in talking about the middle way . "
Who might fill the sandals of his Holiness ?
The Dalai Lama has said he wishes the elected Tibetan government - in - exile to take on some of the work he currently does .
However , some observers believe that an unofficial , transitional political successor might be Ogyen Trinley Dorje , who is the Karmapa , or spiritual head of the Kagyu order of Tibetan Buddhism .
The 17th Karmapa – who is froma different school of Tibetan Buddhism to the Dalai Lama andwho cannot inherit his title – is just 23 years old .
His escape as a teenage boy to India from Tibet via Nepal – he arrived in 2000 – has become the stuff of legend .
Earlier this year , the young man made his first visit to the United States , triggering much talk that officials might be preparing him for a bigger role .
At the time , even the Dalai Lama himself said : " There are now spiritual leaders who are young , energetic and well educated .
" They can assume the role of spiritual leadership , as the political role is played by a democratically elected government . "
What difference would any of this make to China ?
Perhaps very little whatsoever .
At the time of the crisis this spring , China reacted swiftly , aggressively and with seeming little regard for public opinion .
Travel to Tibet was suspended and the ban then remained in place until the Olympic Torch had been run through the region .
As soon as the demonstrations had been put down , journalists were flown in for special tours by the Chinese authorities .
An unknown number of people were killed and hundreds were arrested .
China insists that Tibet has officially been part of the Chinese nation since the mid-13th century and that it should continue to be ruled from Beijing .
China is anxious about encouraging separatist movements in other parts of the country , such as in the Muslim - majority Xinjiang province .
As a result , it has refused to discuss any loosening of its control over Tibet , which it invaded in 1950 .
What will happen next ?
The Dalai Lama has already called a special meeting of Tibetan exiles for next month in Dharamsala to discuss both the spring crisis and the future of the movement .
This will undoubtedly be surrounded by speculation that he could use the event to stand down .
The conclave , which is due to begin on November 17 , is apparently only the third such meeting of its kind in the past 60 years .
The Dalai Lama is expected to address the six - day meeting of delegates from non-government organisations , politicians , monks and intellectuals and lay out his views about the way forward .
Is the Tibetan independence movement now likely to fail ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Yes ...
* The Dalai Lama appears to be running out of patience and without him the movement would lose an irreplaceable campaigner
* The Chinese show no intention of offering any kind of autonomy to Tibet
* The rest of the world is unwilling to upset China
No ...
* There is a new generation of highly motivated activists who are ready to continue the struggle and who back a more direct approach
* Across the world , the Tibetan cause wins new supporters every day
* Should China move towards democracy , Tibet 's fortunes might look very much brighter
a.buncombe@independent.co.uk
by Vito Rispo
This is a great talk by Philip Zimbardo about what evil is .
Evil , he says , is not a individual condition , it ’s the result of circumstances .
He cites the Stanley Milgram ’s experiment on human behavior , and the Stanford prison experiment and the problems at Abu Ghraib , all leading up to the conclusion that all humans are equally capable of evil .
What does this have to do with advertising ?
Advertising is social psychology .
To understand how advertising affects people , you have to understand why people follow the group and how the brain works .
This is a wonderful video on that subject .
Check it out .
This is a guest post from Office Newb Jacqui Tom .
As a career blogger , I often receive emails from businesses asking me to write about their products or services .
Usually these companies are small web - based start - ups that are looking to get free exposure on the internet , so I was surprised to receive an email from someone representing Deloitte Consulting asking me to share a video they had produced to entice prospective employees .
Deloitte is one of the one of the top auditing firms internationally and I ’m sure that tens of thousands of the top students from top business schools around the globe are dying to land a job there .
With such prestige and resources at their disposal , I was flattered that they would bother reaching out to a meager blogger like me to help market them –that is , until I actually watched the video .
Centered around the company ’s “ Born to Consult ” theme , the video follows several job candidates , all young , all head of the class at top - ranked universities , through their interviews at Deloitte .
The catch is that the interviews are conducted by a twelve - year - old boy who grills the candidates with such demanding questions as ,
“ How many ping pong balls can you fit in a 747 ? ”
“ Would you rather have a head twice its normal size or half its normal size ? ”
“ Do you get the team pizza or Thai for lunch ? ”
For two minutes and thirty seconds I got to witness candidates responding either in bewildered earnest or thinly veiled frustration .
They did n’t understand why they were being interviewed in such a way , and frankly neither do I .
The most successful candidate seemed to be your classic frat guy who initiated high - fives and literally acted like a monkey .
Is this the kind of person Deloitte is trying to hire ?
If I interview at Deloitte will I be asked questions about the price of nougat in China by a twelve - year - old ?
What exactly is the message they are trying to send here ?
I often ask myself the above question when watching advertisements on television today .
Whatever happened to talking about the product you are selling ?
When did advertisers stop trying to appeal to us on an intelligent level ?
Noam Chomsky , famous MIT professor , claimed during a speech in Santa Fe , New Mexico back in January 2005 that
“ the main purpose of advertising is to undermine markets .
If you go to graduate school and you take a course in economics , you learn that markets are systems in which informed consumers make rational choices .
That ’s what ’s so wonderful about it . ”
In a perfect world , advertising would be utilized by consumers to make intelligent , rational choices about which products to by or services to use .
But in an effort to stand out from the competition , many advertisers are now turning to so - called “ shockvertising ” and it online companion , the “ viral ” video .
Characterized by surreal fantasy , these ads can encompass anything from a man in a chicken suit dancing around his living room ( aka Burger King ’s Subservient Chicken ) to the “ No Stank You ” public services ads warning kids about the dangers of smoking by showing them dancing on giant , smoke - stained , rotten teeth that are floating in space .
Huh ?
Are consumers so impressionable that they can be influenced to by a burger based on a man in a chicken suit rather than a picture of the actual burger they intend to purchase ?
Apple ’s long - running Mac ads are a great example of how advertising can be both cool and smart .
The backdrop is a simple white background , the product highly conceptualized ( represented by “ Mac ” and “ PC ” ) and the message delivered primarily through dialogue and the occasional sight gag .
The products are never shown per se , but the two hip representatives actually talk about the product and tell us what it can do .
They represent the product ’s simplicity , edginess and capability , which appeals to Apple ’s elite core users , those “ smart ” enough to look beyond what everyone else is using .
What I want to know is when did we as consumers abdicate our responsibility to judge a product based on its merits ?
Does this signal a decline in the intelligence of our population ?
Or is our appetite for the bizarre a side - effect of years upon years of constant media saturation ?
I ’m not sure .
But I do know that I ’m saving up to by myself a MacBook for Christmas .
# # #
Jacqui
Tom is a young professional working her way up the corporate ladder .
Launching her career with a series of internships at America Online ( AOL ) and Amazon.com that helped her learn the ropes of the internet business , she now works as a web writer for a Seattle non-profit .
Her blog , The Office Newb , offers a newcomer ’s perspective of office life .
Typing furiously from her cubicle , she shares lessons about life , business and everything in between .
Feel free to contact Jacqui at officenewb at gmail dot com
As you by now well know I try to mostly live at the console ( well multiple x consoles ) .
Mutt is my mail client of choice .
I ’ve tried Thunderbird , Kmail , Evolution , Sylpheed , and pine .
For whatever reason I feel most comfortable with mutt .
I also use IMAP for both my personal and work accounts .
Mutt was originally designed to deal with local mail and while it does a very good job with IMAP I do n’t like how it handles multiple accounts .
In the past I have tried to make mutt “ context ” aware by setting up key bindings to source different account configs .
While it worked for the most part , it stumbles on the folder setting .
After changing folders on one account setting the folder when sourcing another account profile never seemed to work quite right .
I also tried and failed miserably to get account - hook working .
I must admit I did not try very hard as I quickly realized I would get confused as to which mailbox folder was associated with which account as I have overlapping folder names .
Offlineimap is another solution that I have tried in the past .
First , I do n’t want to port gigs of mail around on my laptop .
Second , but less of a concern was how offlineimap synchronizes mail .
My mail is important , and I do n’t want to accidentally wack my mailbox if something screwy happened locally .
Eventually I came to the conclusion that the best solution for me would be to use screen .
I wrote a short screenrc that launched mutt with a config for my personal mail and a config for my work mail .
Each of those mutt configs source a global config first .
Since they are entirely seperate instances I dont have to worry about having extra settings in one or the other to clear out unused options like I did with my profile context setup .
And this one actually works since there is no issue switching between folders on accounts .
After I had my screenrc ready I wrote a short bash wrapper to launch the screen session .
This script ( smutt ) checks to see if I already have a launched screen with the name mutt and attaches to it if available .
If I do n’t already have a screen session named mutt then it creates a new screen .
I would love to get some feedback on what people think of this setup or how you deal with multiple imap accounts in mutt and why you like it that way .
I must admit I am missing at least one thing that I use infrequently ( search ) .
Currently I just use mutt limit and / to find an email in my archives .
It would be nice to have something like mairix that works over IMAP so if you know of something or have a clever solution let me know .
Here are my mutt configs so you can try out something similar .
Here is smutt my mutt wrapper .
#!/bin/bash # Nick Anderson # http://www.cmdln.org
# mutt wrapper #
Check for previous mutt session and attach , if not found launch a new one previousSession =$ ( screen - list | awk '/ \.mutt / { print $ 1} ' ) if [ " $ previousSession " == " " ] ; then screen - S mutt -c ~/.mutt / mutt_screen else screen - dr $ previousSession fi
And here is my mutt_screen config
# Nick Anderson # http://www.cmdln.org
# mutt screen setup #
Launch mutt for each account with its own profile specific config hardstatus alwayslastline hardstatus string '% {= kG}[ email ] [ %= %{= kw} % ?%- Lw % ? %{r} ( %{
W}%n*%f%t %?( %u ) %? %{r} ) %{w} % ?%+Lw % ? %?%= % {g} ] [ %{ B}%d/ %m %{ G}%C%A ] ' termcapinfo xterm|xterms|xs|rxvt ti@:te@ activity " activity : window ~ % " # Message when activity occurs in a window vbell_msg " bell : window ~ % " # Message for visual bell vbellwait 2 # Seconds to pause the screen for visual bell screen -t Personal mutt -F ~/.mutt/profile.d/personal/config screen -t Work mutt -F ~/.mutt/profile.d/work/config
Here is my ~/.mutt / common ( common mutt config )
# Common Mutt Config #
This file is sourced by account specific configs set certificate_file=~/.mutt/mutt.crt # Certificate Cache # Header settings ignore * #
Do n't display all headers unignore From To Cc Subject Date Organization X - Mailer User - Agent hdr_order From : Date : To : Cc : Subject : # Set vim as the editor and use autoformat script to strip out nested replies set editor= " $ HOME/.mutt/bin/autotrim %s ; /usr/bin/vim -c ' set tw=70 et ' %s " # Other Settings set markers=no #
Fix multiline url wrapping to not break in gnome terminal set smart_wrap # dont wrap mid word set pager_context=5 # Retain 5 lines of previous page when scrolling .
set delete=yes #
Automatically delete messages marked for deletion on exit set ssl_starttls=yes #
Start TLS if available on server auto_view text / html # autoview html set sort=threads #
Sort messages as threads set sort_aux=last - date - received #
Then sort by date set strict_threads #
Do n't thread messages by subject set fast_reply=yes #
Skip prompt for subject and recipients when replying set beep_new=yes #
Beep when new messages arrive in mailbox set beep=no #
Do n't beep on errors # Prefer Plain text to html , html to word etc ... alternative_order text / plain text / html application / vnd.msword application / msword # Simple modification to index format to display year in date column set index_format= " % 4C %Z %[!%b %d %Y ] %- 17.17 F ( %3l ) %s " # Printing set print=yes #
Do n't ask before printing set print_command =" muttprint " #
Use muttprint for pretty printing set print_split # Split each msg selected for printing # GPG Common Settings set pgp_good_sign= " ^gpg : Good signature from " set pgp_decode_command = " gpg %?p?--passphrase-fd 0 ? -- no-verbose -- batch -- output - %f " set pgp_verify_command = " gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- output - -- verify %s %f " set pgp_decrypt_command=" gpg -- passphrase - fd 0 -- no-verbose -- batch -- output - %f " set pgp_sign_command = " gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- output - -- passphrase -fd 0 -- armor -- detach - sign -- textmode %?a?-u % a ? %f " set pgp_clearsign_command=" gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- output - -- passphrase -fd 0 -- armor -- textmode -- clearsign %?a?-u %a? %f " set pgp_import_command = " gpg -- no-verbose -- import - v %f " set pgp_export_command = " gpg -- no-verbose -- export -- armor %r " set pgp_verify_key_command=" gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- fingerprint -- check - sigs %r " set pgp_list_pubring_command=" gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- with- colons -- list- keys %r " set pgp_list_secring_command=" gpg -- no-verbose -- batch -- with - colons -- list - secret - keys %r " set pgp_encrypt_only_command=" pgpewrap gpg -- batch -- quiet -- no-verbose -- output - -- encrypt -- textmode -- armor -- always - trust -- -r %r -- %f " set pgp_encrypt_sign_command=" pgpewrap gpg -- passphrase -fd 0 -- batch -- quiet -- no-verbose -- textmode -- output - -- encrypt -- sign %?a?-u %a? -- armor -- always - trust -- -r %r -- %f "
I use an autoformat script to strip out nested quotes .
( I just realized I never bothered to modify it at all as it still has greeting matches for the authors name )
~/.mutt/bin/autotrim
#!/usr/bin/perl # # " Beautify " quoted message and make it " ready - to - reply " .
# # Michael Velten use strict ; # Possible reply greetings ( regexes ) ( note that '> ' will be prefixed ) my @greetings = ( ' Hello , ' , ' Hello Michael , ' , ) ; # Possible reply " greetouts " ( regexes ) ( note that '> ' will be prefixed ) my @greetouts = ( ' Mit freundlichen Gr.*en ' , ' Viele Gr.*e ' , ' Regards ' , ) ; # Possible reply leadins ( regexes ) ( note that '> ' will be prefixed ) my @leadins = ( '.* wrote : ' , ' Michael Velten schrieb .*' , ) ; my $ saw_greeting = 0 ; my $ saw_leadin = 0 ; my $ saw_greetout = 0 ; my $ saw_signature = 0 ; my $ prev_inds = 0 ; my ( @mail , @purged_mail ) ; my $ msg = shift ; die " Usage : $ 0 MAIL " unless $ msg ; open ( MAIL , " +< $msg " ) or die " $ 0 : Ca n't open $ msg : $ ! " ; push ( @mail , $ _ ) while < MAIL > ; # Read whole mail #
Process whole mail LINE : foreach my $ line ( @mail ) { #
If _my_ signature appears do n't mess with it but just include # the rest of the message ( i.e. the signature ) unmodified # ( hack ) if ( $ line =~ /^-- $/ || $ saw_signature ) { $ saw_signature = 1 ; push ( @purged_mail , $ line ) ; next LINE ; } # Treat non-quoted lines as is if ( $ line !~ /^>/) { push ( @purged_mail , $ line ) ; next LINE ; } # Remove empty quoted lines next LINE if $ line =~ /^>\s*$/; # Remove quoted greeting unless ( $ saw_greeting ) { foreach my $ greeting ( @greetings ) { if ( $ line =~ /^> $ greeting $ / ) { $ saw_greeting = 1 ; next LINE ; } } } # Remove quoted " greetout " unless ( $ saw_greetout ) { foreach my $ greetout ( @greetouts ) { if ( $ line =~ /^> $ greetout $ / ) { $ saw_greetout = 1 ; next LINE ; } } } # Remove quoted reply leadin # ( check more than once because there might # be some double or more quoted lines ) #unless ( $ saw_leadin ) { foreach my $ leadin ( @leadins ) { if ( $ line =~ /^>+ $ leadin$ / ) { $ saw_leadin = 1 ; next LINE ; } } # Remove line if >= 3rd indentation level , # otherwise tighten " > > " to " > > " my ( $ pref , $ suff ) = $ line =~ /^( [> ]+ ) (.*) $ / ; my $ inds = $ pref =~ tr/>// ; next LINE if $inds >= 2 ; $ pref =~ s/(> (?!$ ) ) />/g ; $ line = $ pref . $ suff . "
" ; # Insert 3 lines between 1st and > 1st level quoting $ line = "
" x 3 . $ line if $ prev_inds == 1 && $inds > 1 ; # Save purged line push ( @purged_mail , $ line ) ; # Store indendation level for next iteration $ prev_inds = $ inds ; } # Overwrite original mail with purged mail truncate ( MAIL , 0 ) ; seek ( MAIL , 0 , 0 ) ; print MAIL @purged_mail ; close ( MAIL ) ;
And here is an example of one of my profiles .
# Mutt Configuration source ~/.mutt / common set realname= " Nick Anderson " # Name set from=redacted@domain.com # Email Address set envelope_from=yes #
Use from value with sendmail -f # Signature set signature=~/.mutt/profile.d/personal/sig set reverse_name # when replying use To : as From : address if matches alternates alternates " alternate1@domain.com |alternate2@domain.com " # Imap Configuration set imap_user = " redacted " # Imap username set imap_pass = " redacted " # Imap password set imap_idle=no #
Attempt to use IMAP IDLE extension to check for new mail on current mailbox #
Does not always work , disable with some imap servers # Imap Folders # + FolderName is relative to base folder set folder=imaps://mail.cmdln.org/ #
Set base folder set spoolfile= + Inbox #
Set inbox set mbox= + Archive #
Set archive folder ( mail goes here by default after being read ) set record= +
Sent #
Set sent folder set trash= + Trash #
Set trash folder ( deleted mail goes here ) set postponed = + Drafts #
Set drafts folder # Keybindings macro index A " s+ Archive < enter > " #
Cache things to speed up access set header_cache=~/.mutt/profile.d/personal/cache/header_cache set message_cachedir=~/.mutt/profile.d/personal/cache/body_cache
# Sendmail settings ( msmtp ) set sendmail= " /usr/bin/msmtp --tls-certcheck=off --file=/home/cmdln/.mutt/profile.d/msmtp.config " # GPG Key & Common Settings set pgp_sign_as=8BE09DE6 # my_hdr X - PGP - Key : url # URL to public gpg key set pgp_autosign=yes #
Automatically sign all outgoing messages set pgp_timeout =1800 #
Time in seconds to cache key passphrase set pgp_replyencrypt=yes #
Automatically encrypt replies to encrypted messages
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Americans are very angry about the proposed bailout of the banking sector and Wall Street ... and with good reason .
There should be outrage .
We should all be disgusted that the government was forced into this situation .
I 'm infuriated that it came to this .
Of course , we should cap executive pay , which was obscene at many financial firms , immediately .
And we should make sure that the CEOs , CFOs and other big wigs that drove their companies into near ruin with overleveraged bets on risky mortgages should not get big severance packages .
But make no mistake .
The alternative that many CNNMoney.com readers seem to be calling for - i.e. let all the banks and Wall Street crash and burn - is not viable .
In fact , it 's incredibly short - sighted .
So once the blind rage subsides , people will hopefully take a long - hard look at what the government has proposed and come to the realization that doing nothing to rid the nation 's banks of all the poisonous mortgage assets on their balance sheets would be far far worse .
" Taxpayers have every right to be angry because we 've gotten into this mess by a combination of irresponsible behavior and lax regulation , " said Chris Probyn , chief economist with State Street Global Advisors in Boston .
" However , if you look forward , by letting those responsible pay the price , there will be a spillover effect and the economy could go into sharp and protracted recession . "
First and foremost , a collapse of the banking system would have a huge impact on the job market .
According to the latest government job figures , about 8.2 million American taxpayers are employed by the financial services industry .
Clearly , not all of them are Wall Street fat cats making big bucks - we 're talking about bank tellers , accountants , loan officers , executive assistants and many other types of jobs that would be at risk if the financial industry is not saved .
" This was done not to prop up shareholders and executives but to ensure the solvency of the financial system , " said John Norris , an economist and managing director with Oakworth Capital , a private bank based in Birmingham , Ala .
What 's more , without a bailout , the credit crunch would undoubtedly continue , making it even more difficult for financially responsible borrowers to get mortgages .
" I do n't think the government had a choice but to take these bad debts of the banks ' books , " said Tom Higgins , chief economist with Payden & Rygel , a Los Angeles - based money management firm .
" What makes capitalism work is borrowing and lending .
The problem , without this bailout , would have been you would have condemned the economy to a period of halting growth at best , " Higgins added .
And if that happened , the credit crunch would become an outright credit freeze .
Suddenly then , all sorts of industries closely related to the banking and housing sectors would be in major trouble .
The residential construction sector employed 834,000 people in August .
Furniture and home furnishing retailers had another 568,000 workers on their payrolls .
And building material stores ( think Home Depot ( HD , Fortune 500 ) , Lowe 's ( LOW , Fortune 500 ) , etc. ) employed another 1.24 million Americans .
Add that up and you 've got nearly 11 million people , or just under 10 % of the entire nation 's labor force , working in industries that could be directly ( and negatively ) affected if the financial services sector and housing market were left to just sort themselves out .
" Nobody wanted this to happen .
It ticks me off as a taxpayer but what were the options ?
Let the entire banking system go under ?
Then you might not have a job , " Norris added .
The bailout will certainly come at a great economic price .
The current estimate is $ 700 billion .
There 's no escaping the fact this will add to the nation 's already sizable deficit .
Still , given the nature of this bailout - the government is n't really handing out grants per se but is hoping to sell off mortgage - related assets over time to recoup some of the costs - it is impossible to tell just yet what the final price tag will be .
That said , Norris believes that the bailout will shave about a percentage point of the nation 's economic growth a year for at least the next five years .
But he and Probyn both maintained that once people get past feeling bitter , hurt and angry about the bailout , they will hopefully realize that this is the right solution .
The risk of doing nothing was an even worse financial calamity .
" We could n't just keep applying Band - Aids .
We have to have a comprehensive package or we 'll just stumble from crisis to crisis , " Probyn said .
" I do n't like the bailout .
It leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
But it is the better of the two alternatives . "
British Columbia Installs Its First Commercial Wind Turbine
October 22nd , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Earthfirst Canada has announced that British Columbia ’s first commercial wind turbine — a 3 MW Vestas V90 — was fully assembled on October 6th about 50 kilometers northwest of Chetwynd , British Columbia .
The turbine , which is part of the Dokie Wind Project , will provide power for 700 homes in the area once it is connected to the grid .
The Vestas turbine is one of seven that will be built this year as part of the project .
41 more turbines will be installed next year .
Once the 144 MW project is completed in 2009 , it will power approximately 33,000 homes .
While I ’m surprised that it has taken BC this long to get a commercial wind power project going , it ’s nice to see that the region is now moving full - speed ahead .
Jim and Kris Pictures at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Sister Sugiyanto's guided teatime tour of Temple Square , the world headquarters of the Mormon Church , was rudely interrupted by the sound of emergency sirens and police helicopters hovering over central Salt Lake City .
A suspicious package containing white powder had been opened by a clerk in the Church Administration Office , prompting FBI agents wearing chemical warfare suits to swiftly evacuate the building .
Across town , news was coming in that eight local churches had been vandalised .
One , in a family neighbourhood , had obscene graffiti scrawled on its walls .
The other seven , in the nearby towns of Layton and Ogden , had windows shot out , apparently with a BB gun .
The brouhaha on Thursday was severely testing the happy demeanour of the sister , a visiting missionary from Indonesia whose informative trips round the Mormon Church 's 45 - acre HQ culminate in a not - so - subtle attempt to recruit you .
" I feel we are being picked on , " said Sister Sugiyanto .
" We are not the only group that supported this proposition , so why do they only blame us ?
Last week , thousands came here to protest .
It made me sad , more than anything . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The proposition in question is Proposition 8 , a ballot measure outlawing same - sex marriage in California that was backed by 52 per cent of voters on 4 November .
The " they " refers to gay rights activists upset by the Mormon Church 's role in the campaign to push the measure through .
Modern morality and religious doctrine have collided in spectacular fashion , and nowhere more so than here in Utah .
To liberal America , the Church of the Latter Day Saints and its 12 million members around the world are suddenly public enemy number one .
They stand accused – and , it must be said , it is an accusation they strongly deny – of thinly - veiled homophobia , using their massive financial muscle to help railroad the ballot measure .
In California , where 18,000 recently - married gays and lesbians , including the chatshow host Ellen DeGeneres and the Star Trek actor George Takkei , have been thrown into legal limbo , anger has reached fever pitch .
Dozens of Hollywood stars have backed a campaign to name - and - shame Mormon - owned businesses that financed Proposition 8 .
Others have attended protests at temples , severely testing the diplomatic skills of Mormon performers such as Donny Osmond and Brandon Flowers , the lead singer of The Killers .
More gay rights demonstrations will be held at church properties across the US today .
Utah , where more than a million Mormons reside ( they are the majority religion in the state ) is now facing a consumer boycott that threatens to disrupt its $ 6bn ( £ 4bn ) winter ski season and may even affect January 's Sundance film festival .
Salt Lake City sits in the middle of this storm .
It was built by Brigham Young , a Mormon leader who fled west in the 1840s after suffering religious persecution and today , the city 's inhabitants greet their new troubles with steely resolve .
" This is not democracy .
This is not American .
This is terrorism , for want of a better word , " said Renee Scheffers , a guest at a wedding at the Salt Lake Temple , the imposing granite building that , together with the snow - capped Wasatch mountains , dominates the city 's skyline .
" The gays have become everything they accused their opponents of , " added her fellow guest , Wilson Clyde .
" They 're intolerant of me , of my beliefs and my way of life .
They 're nothing more than extremists who are trying to intimidate and silence anyone who disagrees with them . "
The debate has certainly turned ugly .
In addition to the " anthrax " scares that saw Temple Square , together with a Mormon temple in Los Angeles , evacuated on Thursday ( tests later showed that the white powder was not toxic ) , attacks on other Mormon properties have raised a chilling spectre of religious hatred .
In one a charred copy of the Book of Mormon , which members study in addition to the Bible , was found on the steps of a church in Colorado .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
For Mormon leaders , it 's another chapter in a long history of vilification that sees them wrongly portrayed as teetotal , right - wing oddballs , or freakish polygamists .
" It 's easier to attack a minority religion , especially one that frankly is n't very well understood , than to protest because 70 per cent of African American voters also supported Proposition 8 , " says Mike Otterson , a somewhat exasperated church spokesman .
" It 's a tactical thing .
It makes it easier for them to vent their anger and frustration .
But to vandalise chapels , vandalise temples , put graffiti on our buildings , protest outside our temples ...
It 's completely unreasonable .
People have the right to protest .
But this is way over the top . "
The facts regarding the current round of protests are disputed by both sides .
The disagreement started several months before polling day , when Mormon congregations were read a letter by Thomas Monson , the Church 's president or " prophet " ( a sort of Mormon Pope ) asking them to give time and money to help ban gay marriage .
Followers , who place the family at the heart of their faith , responded in their thousands , providing up to $ 40 m by some estimates that allowed the " Yes on 8 " campaign to run a series of aggressive and highly - successful television attack ads .
Some featured small girls announcing : " Today I learned in school that a prince can marry a prince and I can one day marry a princess ! "
That campaign aggravated those who already harboured misgivings about the Church 's financial clout , puritanical streak , and influence on public affairs .
Many influential politicians are Mormons , including the former Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney , and the prominent Democrat Harry Reid .
In Utah , to the dismay of non-religious residents , the Church 's influence on public affairs means the state boasts the most stringent alcohol licensing laws in the US , and is the only state in the US where it remains illegal to gamble .
Yet , despite the controversy , the real face of Mormonism is reassuringly cuddly .
Church members may not necessarily be perfect company at a dinner party ( they are required to forswear alcohol , tobacco , tea and coffee ) but they tend to be sympathetic souls who would make agreeable next - door neighbours .
Even the local gay pride office has some words of praise for the Mormon Church : " In a lot of communities prejudice airs itself in a violent way , in an outward way , " says a spokeswoman , Maria Gomberg .
" Here in Utah , although we do experience hate crimes , the LDS Church generally fights through legal action . "
To the fascination of the rest of the world , a few members still practise polygamy ( an estimated 30,000 in Utah ) , but it is officially frowned upon by the Church , who renounced it as a condition of Utah gaining statehood in the late 19th century .
The public face of the practice is now limited to television shows such as Big Love , and fundamentalist breakaway factions , including the Texan sect that was raided by child - support services this year .
Mormons believe in a version of Christianity that stems from the Book of Mormon , which the study in addition to the Bible .
This text was allegedly recorded on gold tablets by inhabitants of North America shortly after the time of Christ .
The tablets were discovered in the 1820s – or so the story goes – by the religion 's founder , Joseph Smith .
Smith 's own standing as a polygamist has laced the argument over gay versus " traditional " marriage with a heavy dose of irony .
Among members of Salt Lake City 's surprisingly active gay community , it is a source of mild amusement .
" We have actually opened a gay bar in the middle of a polygamist compound , " says Brian Morriss , owner of the newly - built hostelry Jam in the city 's Marmalade district .
" Just after we leased the land , we discovered that a family called the Kingstons owned three buildings around us .
The father has 106 children . "
Though Mr Morriss and Todd Croft , his business ( and romantic ) partner , joined their patrons at noisy anti-Mormon protests at Temple Square , they say Salt Lake City is a surprisingly hospitable place for the gay community .
" It is the third largest gay city per capita in the west , after Los Angeles and San Francisco .
Thirty - thousand come to our gay pride events , " he says .
" I have a lot of Mormon friends , and they are not as extreme as everyone thinks .
In fact , they are mostly apologetic about what their church has done . "
Scott McCoy , an openly - gay state senator whose election lays bare the metropolitan nature of at least some areas of Salt Lake City , says that any boycott of his state will merely cause the Church to shift further to the right .
" By saying we 're going to build a big wall around Utah , well for folks who live here who are trying to make changes , it just leaves us high and dry .
Mormons further to the right would be delighted if gay people boycotted Utah , because they do n't want gay people here . "
The future of the debate may therefore lie in the hands of moderate Mormons who recognise the potential PR problems recent weeks have brought to their church and who say the time is right for a rapprochement .
" I speak only for myself , and not the Church , but I am in favour of domestic partnerships , " says Paul Pugmire , a PR consultant and prominent figure in local Mormon circles .
" This would include gay couples .
It would include a pair of unmarried sisters living in my neighbourhood , it would include any number of different non-traditional families .
" Marriage is a bright line I do n't think we 'll ever cross .
But there is a great deal leading up to that bright line which really should be examined .
We now have a great opportunity to come together on this .
There is so much more that can be done , and if recent events have taught us anything it is that we must end the hate , for everyone 's sake . "
Fact file : The Mormons
* The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints was founded by Joseph Smith , a farmer 's son from Vermont .
Smith began to gather a religious following after announcing that an angel had shown him a set of golden plates describing a visit of Jesus to the indigenous peoples of the Americas .
In 1830 , he published what he said was a translation of these plates as the Book of Mormon .
The same year , he organised a new church – the Church of Christ .
* Smith came up with 13 core beliefs or " Articles of Faith " for his church .
One says : " We believe in being honest , true , chaste , benevolent , virtuous and in doing good to all men ... "
* The Mormon church , based in Salt Lake City , Utah , has 12 million members worldwide – 190,000 in Britain , where it has operated since 1837 .
* Jesus Christ is at the centre of Mormon belief , and members say He will one day return to earth to reign .
They think conventional Christian churches have lost God 's authority .
* Mormonism focuses on traditional family values .
Members oppose abortion , homosexuality , sex outside marriage , pornography , gambling , tobacco , tea , alcohol , coffee and drug use .
Kidman blew feebly into a didgeridoo during a promotional appearance on Wetten , Dass …? , a high - rating German program known for its high jinks .
Allen Madden , cultural and educational officer at Sydney 's Metropolitan Local Aboriginal Land Council , said Kidman ought to know better .
" I presume she does n't know , otherwise she would n't be playing it .
But [ I would have thought ] the women on that set would have told her .
Baz should know something about it , after working with those traditional fellas on the film . "
Richard Green , an award - winning actor , screenwriter and Dharug language teacher , said he was disgusted .
" People are going to see Nicole playing it and think it 's all right .
It bastardises our culture .
I will guarantee she has no more children .
It 's not meant to be played by women as it will make them barren . "
The didgeridoo , or yirdaki , is said by some to make women infertile , and Mr Green said he feared other women would imitate Kidman without realising its dangers .
It was the fear of imitation that also riled West Australian elders last month when they saw an advertisement that featured the actress Sybilla Budd swimming atop King George Falls in the Kimberley - a sacred site for the Balanggarra people and accessible only through Aboriginal land with the permission of traditional owners .
Kwini elder Ambrose Mungala Chalarimeri accused Tourism Australia of " telling the rest of the world that it is OK to trample all over our culture " .
In September , the publisher HarperCollins apologised for a section on how to play the didgeridoo in The Daring Book For Girls and removed it from future editions after complaints from indigenous academics .
Not all indigenous communities consider the didgeridoo a danger , but many do .
Although native to northern Australia , the ethnomusicologist Linda Barwick has written that the strictest restrictions on women playing and touching the didgeridoo " appears to be [ in ] the south - east of Australia , where … the didgeridoo has only been recently introduced " .
One of the most important things I 've done to improve my experience working with Django is to develop a consistent pipeline between development and deployment .
Here I 'll quickly outline some of the things I 've done to make the experience easier , but I 'm curious to hear about the techniques that you use as well .
local_settings.py ++
One of the best tricks for working with Django deployment is to end your settings .py file with these four lines :
try : from local_settings import * except ImportError : pass
Doing that lets you override settings.py with the contents of local_settings.py .
For a public shareable project , you can't take this much further than providing a local_settings .py template which users can customize , but for a private project where you control the production environment and the development environment , then you can take this approach a bit further .
I create a production_settings.py file with settings for production servers , and a devel_settings.py for local development .
I add both of them to version control , and then creating a local_settings.py for my local checkout that looks like this :
from devel_settings import *
and for my production checkout local_settings .py looks like :
from production_settings import *
Finally , I make sure that local_settings.py is ignored by version control .
I like this setup because it ( like the standard local_settings. py trick ) makes it easy to modify shared settings , but in addition this trick also makes it easy to modify the production settings withing SSHing into the production server , and is simpler than maintaining a production and development branch in the repository ( which requires a lot of pointless merging ) .
devel_settings.py and production_settings.py
My devel_settings.py file almost always looks exactly the same regardless of the project it is part of .
Yours may look a bit different , but I find that it saves a few precious moments of thinking to just keep a standardized project template somewhere ( instead of using djangoadmin startproject to create new projects ) .
Mine looks like this :
# Settings for devel server import os ROOT_PATH = os .
path .
dirname ( __file__ ) DEBUG = True TEMPLATE_DEBUG = DEBUG COMPRESS
=
False # django - compress setting CACHE_BACKEND = " locmem : /// " DATABASE_ENGINE = ' sqlite3 ' DATABASE_NAME
= os .
path .
join ( ROOT_PATH , ' devel.sqlite ' ) DATABASE_USER = '' DATABASE_PASSWORD = '' DATABASE_HOST = '' DATABASE_PORT = '' MEDIA_ROOT = os .
path .
join ( ROOT_PATH , ' media ' )
MEDIA_URL = ' http://127.0.0.1:8000/media/'
ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX = '/ media/admin/'
The production_settings.py file varies a bit more , since it depends on the Postgres and Memcached setup , but very roughly it looks something like :
# Django settings for codernode.com project COMPRESS =
True # django - compress setting COMPRESS_VERSION =
True # django - compress setting DEBUG = True TEMPLATE_DEBUG = DEBUG ADMINS = (( ' Mr Admin ' , 'admin@example.com ' ) , ) MANAGERS = ADMINS CACHE_BACKEND = " memcached://127.0.0.1:11211 " EMAIL_SUBJECT_PREFIX = " [ My Project ] " SERVER_EMAIL = " django@example.com " DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL = 'info@example.com '
DATABASE_ENGINE = ' postgresql_psycopg2 ' DATABASE_NAME = ' some_database ' DATABASE_USER = ' some_user ' DATABASE_PASSWORD = ' some_password '
DATABASE_HOST = '' DATABASE_PORT = '' TIME_ZONE = ' America / Chicago ' LANGUAGE_CODE
= 'en -us ' SITE_ID = 1 USE_I18N = True MEDIA_ROOT = '/ path/to/media/root/'
MEDIA_URL = ' http://example.com/media/'
ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX = '/ media/admin/' TEMPLATE_DIRS = ()
Yours will likely look quite different .
A Tale of Three Repositories
The foundation of my development - deployment pipeline is three repositories ( it 's a bit simpler using distributed version control , but you could accomplish more or less the same with Subversion or CVS ) .
A master repository hosted in a non-local and non-production location .
I use my Slicehost slice that hosts my blog for all my private git repositories ( it has daily and weekly backups , and if it does lag or crash , I can fix it myself ) , but you could use a paid GitHub account or one of the other similar services .
A local repository for each developer , which they push out to the master server at regular intervals .
A production repository on each production machine serving the project .
Developers do most of their work on their local machines , and push it to an appropriate branch on the master repository .
They also pull from the master server occasionally to keep the repositories synchronized .
The production repositories are kept up to date by either :
Using Fabric to command them to pull the newest changes .
This is the best option for large , medium and small deployments .
That is , this is always the best option .
Do n't bother reading the others .
SSHing into the production servers and manually pulling the change set .
Alternatively you could write a batch script that does this .
This approach is more than sufficient for one machine deployment , but for anything more complex than that you 'll want to use a deployment solution .
Setup a cronjob that pulls the changes periodically .
This is the simplest and laziest of the approaches , but is a bad idea in most circumstances .
Using this setup , pushing a change on the development server to the production servers is lovable two steps :
git push fab deploy
I highly recommend adding a fab revert hash - to - revert - to command to the mix as well , for those awkward moments when your deployment does n't go quite as well as you hoped .
Production Server Setup
I keep my directory layouts very simple and uniform .
All production servers have a django user whose password has been disabled and does n't have access to SSH .
The developers have accounts on the production machines , and they are members of the django group , and thus can modify all of the django user 's files ( having SSH setup to work without passwords will save days of your life ) .
I organize libraries into folders based on the version control system they use , so I 'll typically have a git folder and a svn folder , but I might have an hg or bzr folder as well depending on the libraries that are being used .
( Okay , this is a lie , I can't remember ever having a bzr folder , but I wanted to be inclusive . )
Then I symlink them all into the /usr / python2 .?/ site-packages/ folder ( I 've been using Python 2.5 pretty exclusively of late , but I imagine in the next year or two I may move up to 2.6 if there are any compelling performance gains ) .
I prefer linking directly from the checkouts ( as opposed to using setup.py to install the libraries ) , since it makes it easier to update the libraries across all production servers at a later point if necessary .
For serving media I symlink the necessary folders from the project / application repositories into / var/www/example.com / media/ , and let Nginx handle serving it .
( I 'm still quite happy with my Nginx / Apache2 / mod_python stack , even if it has fallen out of favor with the coolest kids for WSGI . )
Testing ...
There are a lot of creative things you can do with integrating testing into the mix ( deploy script only pushes changes to production if all the tests pass , or using a post - commit hook for the master repository to run the test battery and email developers if any tests fail , etc ) , but I 'm still at a stage where I run tests manually .
This will probably be the next area that I start improving upon my setup .
Do you use other tricks that I have n't mentioned here ?
Or perhaps have a better overall design ?
I 'm curious to see how others approach this universal problem .
Davis : McCain blew up bailout
On that Acorn call , McCain campaign manager Rick Davis also credited McCain with " blowing ... up " the first bailout package when he suspended his campaign to come to Washington , something McCain 's campaign had heatedly denied at the time .
Davis expressed outrage that , " in the middle of the greatest disaster in our financial system that we ’d had in our lifetime , that the Democrats in the United States Senate would actually link payments to ACORN in the bailout package that they promoted -- prior to Sen.
McCain coming to town and actually blowing that package up .
So we can actually say that in addition to saving taxpayers millions of dollars , and we ’re very happy that no more taxpayer dollars were added to the pile of money going to ACORN . "
After the initial bailout package failed , McCain 's aides blamed Obama :
" This bill failed because Barack Obama and the Democrats put politics ahead of country , " adviser Doug Holtz - Eakin said
House Republicans had opposed the possibility that government profits from the deal would go to a housing fund for local authorities that could then be spent through ACORN , and those are the grounds on which Davis seemed to credit McCain .
A story in The Observer about The Independent has put the cat among the pigeons .
Eight days ago , the paper suggested that Daily Mail and General Trust , publisher of The Daily Mail , is considering a bid for this newspaper and its Sunday sister .
My impression , from talking to journalists and politicians , is that the story is quite widely believed by the population of medialand .
The managements of both companies have denied that a deal is on the cards .
That , I am afraid , is not an absolute guarantee that it is n’t , since when their own businesses are involved newspapers are just as capable of being economical with the truth as any other company .
Let me nonetheless put such credibility as I have on the line by saying that if the DMGT buys the Independent titles I will eat a copy of The Daily Mail and a copy of The Independent in front of witnesses , my only proviso being that I should be permitted to choose any proprietary sauce or garnish I want in order to make the dish more digestible .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
How can I be so confident that I am not putting my digestive tracts in peril ?
It is no secret that The Independent is losing quite a lot of money .
So too are The Observer , The Guardian , The Times and , crucially so far as the matter in hand is concerned , the London Evening Standard .
Who owns this last title ?
Why , DMGT .
Only recently there was a further round editorial redundancies at the paper , and I fear there will be more .
It is being cruelly squeezed between the two loss making afternoon freesheets , the London Paper , owned by Rupert Murdoch , and London Lite , also owned by DMGT .
With serious problems at the Standard the last thing in the world that DMGT needs is a title with not dissimilar difficulties .
It is also facing sharply declining profits in its regional division , Northcliffe , where advertising revenues are falling off a cliff .
Remember that DMGT is a quoted company , albeit one controlled by Lord Rothermere .
The stock market hates newspapers at the moment , particularly loss - making ones .
DMGT ’s attraction to investors is that the Mail titles remain strongly profitable and it has extensive , robust non-newspaper interests , but its share price , already under some pressure , would take a nosedive if it acquired another unprofitable newspaper .
That is not to say that some sort of link up between DMGT and the Independent titles may not have been discussed that envisages the possible sharing of “ back office ” operations such as advertising or distribution .
In the present grisly economic climate the Independent ’s management would be failing in its duty if it were not looking around for new ways of saving money .
But such an arrangement , even if it came off , would be very far indeed from the possible takeover mentioned by The Observer .
We can all get things wrong .
The technical term for a story of this sort is “ a flier ” .
However , none of this means that the Independent papers could never be sold .
Last April , I wrote in this column about the attempts of the Irish billionaire Denis O’Brien to wrest control of Independent News and Media ( INM ) , which owns The Independent and its Sunday sister , from Sir Anthony O’Reilly .
Mr O’Brien is in favour of selling the Independent titles .
My piece was unashamedly partisan , since no one who loves this newspaper could deny that Sir Anthony has been a good friend to it .
Since I wrote that article , Mr O’Brien has increased his shareholding in INM to 26 per cent , and the economy has turned very black indeed .
Much as he loves the Independent , and despite his support for it over the years , Sir Anthony would not be human if he had not at some time over the past few months considered selling it .
A sale would remove the cornerstone of Mr O’Brien ’s case against him at a stroke , besides providing some welcome relief for INM ’s bottom line .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
My hope is still that Sir Anthony will find some way of hanging on to The Independent while seeing off Mr O’Brien , or coming to some accommodation with him .
If this is not possible , and the titles have to be sold , my hope then would be that a plausible and respectable purchaser could be found .
Whatever happens , though , that wo n’t be the Daily Mail and General Trust .
BBC botches its Obama coverage even with 125 extra journalists
Who starred and who flopped in the coverage of Barack Obama ’s historic election victory ?
The weakest performer by far , for my money , was the BBC , despite having 175 journalists in the United States .
Even with the normally authoritative David Dimbleby as its anchorman in Washington , the Beeb ’s coverage seemed strangely listless , while its studio discussions , made up of pundits whose services were presumably not required by the American networks , were often rambling and inconsequential .
Was it really worth sending 125 people across the Atlantic to join the 50 BBC journalists normally based in the US ?
The trouble is that many of us now have access to the American networks , which have even greater resources than the BBC and can call on more heavyweight pundits .
Some of the BBC ’s reporters out in the sticks seemed at sea in comparison with the US network journalists , who are after all American and usually more clued up about their own country .
But I thought the BBC also suffered in comparison with Sky , which had sent a fraction of the journalists to America but was much better on the human drama .
Jon Snow of Channel 4
News also deserves a mention for his energy and apparently sophisticated understanding of American politics .
In the age of 24 - hour rolling news and the internet , newspapers obviously had a particular problem , since most of their readers already knew the outline of the story .
Nonetheless , some titles produced very late editions with the news of Mr Obama ’s victory for their central London readers .
Among the clutch of newspapers I bought at South Kensington on Wednesday morning , The Guardian ( boasting “ 3 am news ” ) and The Independent ( “ Special 4 am edition ” ) were ahead of the pack .
Though they should get full marks for being so fleet of foot , one wonders whether being on the button for a relatively few readers in London is so important these days .
On Thursday morning the newspapers came into their own , offering graphics , charts , analysis and commentary on a scale that television cannot aspire to , and , for this reader at least , in a form that made it easier to absorb than it is on the internet .
Even the tabloids pushed the boat out , with the Daily Express seeming less moved than most , though it carried a fascinating piece by Joanna Walters in Chicago about Mr Obama ’s security problems .
The Mail and the “ heavies ” produced screeds of copy covering every angle you could think of , and it would take a couple of decades to judge between them .
Who says newspapers are finished ?
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Wednesday , November 5 , 2008 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH US Presidential Malware Posted by Patrik @ 17:22 GMT
Not a big surprise at all … a spam run distributing malware , referring to Obama 's election as the new U.S. President , started this morning ( U.S. time ) .
The e-mail looks like this :
The link points to a website that looks as if it contains a video , and to view it the user has to download a " new " flash player , adobe_flash9.exe ( MD5 47c86509a78dc1edb42f2964bea86306 ) .
We detect this as Trojan - PSW : W32 / Papras .
CL which is a trojan that hides itself using a rootkit .
The trojan attempts to steal confidential information from the computer and upload it to a server in Ukraine .
Editor 's Note :
There is in fact a new version of Adobe Flash , version 10.0.12.36 .
But you 'll want to download it directly from http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/.
Update : Sunbelt has listed additional subjects used by this spam .
More than 40 years after John Lennon angered most of the known Christian world with his declaration that the Beatles were more famous than Jesus Christ , he has finally been forgiven .
A lengthy editorial in the Vatican 's daily newspaper , Osservatore Romano , has said that the statement was a mere " boast " by a young man grappling with the effects of sudden , and extreme fame .
The Pope 's representative on paper has thus , albeit 28 years too late for Lennon himself to hear the good news , absolved him .
Hopefully , thousands of formerly young and frighteningly pious Americans will now feel some twinge of guilt about burning Beatles records in such numbers when the fuss first broke in 1966 .
The belated , but nevertheless welcome , blessing came in the Saturday edition of Osservatore Romano , which has recently had a modernising makeover .
In July , it ran a story on another famous rock 'n'roller , describing Elvis Presley as a " nice , sensitive young man " .
Now , in an article marking the 40th anniversary of the Beatles ' White Album , the paper commented : " The remark by John Lennon ... sounds only like a ' boast ' by a young working - class Englishman faced with unexpected success , after growing up in the legend of Elvis and rock and roll . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Osservatore Romano , warming to its theme , concluded by saying : " The fact remains that 38 years after breaking up , the songs of the Lennon - McCartney brand have shown an extraordinary resistance to the passage of time , becoming a source of inspiration for more than one generation of pop musicians . "
So there we have it .
The comment was made by Lennon in an interview with Maureen Cleave of the Evening Standard in March 1966 .
He said : " Christianity will go .
It will vanish and shrink .
I need n't argue about that .
I 'm right and I will be proved right .
We 're more popular than Jesus now .
I do n't know which will go first – rock 'n' roll or Christianity . "
The storm over Lennon 's quip grew when it was reprinted in an American magazine four months later .
In Longview , Texas , there was a public burning of Beatles records .
Radio stations across southern US states ran messages encouraging people to destroy their collections , while many banned the group from their playlists .
Even the Ku Klux Klan got in on the act , organising anti-Beatles demonstrations where the band was denounced .
When the Beatles toured the US in 1966 , there were death threats .
There was a similar stiff reaction in South Africa , with Beatles albums banned and , some , destroyed .
Lennon held a press conference in Chicago , but did not withdraw his comments .
In 1969 , he tried to explain them in an interview with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
He said : " It 's just an expression , meaning the Beatles seem to me to have more influence over youth than Christ .
Now I was n't saying that was a good idea because I 'm one of Christ 's biggest fans . "
Today , it seems , the feeling is at last mutual .
Overview
Barack Obama ’s lead over John McCain has steadily increased since mid-September , when the race was essentially even .
Shortly after the first presidential debate on Sept. 26 , Obama moved to a 49 % to 42 % lead ; that margin inched up to 50 % to 40 % in a poll taken just after the second debate .
Currently , Obama enjoys his widest margin yet over McCain among registered voters , at 52 % to 38 % .
When the sample of voters is narrowed to those most likely to vote , Obama leads by 53 % to 39 % .
Obama ’s strong showing in the current poll reflects greater confidence in the Democratic candidate personally .
More voters see him as “ well - qualified ” and “ down - to - earth ” than did so a month ago .
Obama also is inspiring more confidence on several key issues , including Iraq and terrorism , than he did before the debates .
Most important , Obama now leads McCain as the candidate best able to improve economic conditions by a wider margin ( 53 % to 32 % ) .
Obama ’s gains notwithstanding , a widespread loss of confidence in McCain appears to be the most significant factor in the race at this point .
Many more voters express doubts about McCain ’s judgment than about Obama ’s : 41 % see McCain as “ having poor judgment , ” while just 29 % say that this trait describes Obama .
Fewer voters also view McCain as inspiring than did so in mid-September ( 37 % now , 43 % then ) .
By contrast , 71 % of voters continue to think of Obama as inspiring .
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Oct. 16-19 among 2,599 registered voters interviewed on landline phones and cell phones , finds that McCain ’s age also has become more of an issue for voters .
Roughly a third ( 34 % ) now says that McCain is too old to be president ; in the Sept. 9 - 14 survey , just 23 % said this .
At this stage in the 1996 campaign , about as many voters ( 32 % ) said Republican candidate Bob Dole was too old to be president .
In addition , Sarah Palin appears to be a continuing – if not an increasing – drag on the GOP ticket .
Currently , 49 % of voters express an unfavorable opinion of Palin , while 44 % have a favorable view .
In mid-September , favorable opinions of Palin outnumbered negative ones by 54 % to 32 % .
Women , especially women under age 50 , have become increasingly critical of Palin : 60 % now express an unfavorable view of Palin , up from 36 % in mid-September .
Notably , opinions of Palin have a greater impact on voting intentions than do opinions of Joe Biden , Obama ’s running mate .
McCain may also be getting hurt by opinions of his campaign .
A large majority of voters ( 64 % ) give McCain a grade of C or lower for his efforts to convince people to vote for him ; only about a third ( 34 % ) gives McCain a grade of A or B for his campaign efforts .
These grades are lower than those accorded to George Bush during his two successful campaigns and are nearly as low as the grades for Dole ’s campaign in 1996 ( 29 % A or B ) .
Obama , by contrast , receives the highest grades for a campaign dating to 1992 .
Nearly two - thirds of voters ( 65 % ) grade Obama ’s efforts at convincing people to vote for him at A or B ; about a third ( 32 % ) give Obama ’s campaign a grade of C or lower .
A steadily growing number of voters say that McCain has been too personally critical of Obama : 56 % say that now , up from 42 % in mid-September .
By contrast , just 26 % say that Obama has been too personally critical of McCain , which is largely unchanged from mid-September ( 28 % ) .
In recent weeks , McCain has lost support across the board .
Most notably , he now trails Obama decidedly among political independents ( 51 % to 33 % ) .
Yet he also has lost support among some voting blocs that previously had been strongly in his corner , including white evangelical Protestants and white men .
McCain continues to lead Obama among older white men , but even here his margin over Obama has narrowed since mid-September ; McCain now leads among white men age 50 and older by 54 % to 38 % , down from a 27 - point lead in mid-September .
For all of Obama ’s current success , however , there are some signs of vulnerability for his candidacy that could present opportunities for McCain .
First , while somewhat more voters see Obama as well - qualified than did so in mid-September , only about half ( 53 % ) say this trait describes him ; 72 % say McCain is well - qualified .
Second , swing voters continue to represent nearly a quarter of the electorate ( 23 % ) .
Notably , swing voters are less likely than all voters to say that McCain would continue Bush ’s policies .
They also express far more confidence in McCain than Obama to handle national security issues .
Voter interest in the campaign remains extraordinary : fully 81 % continue to say that they have given a lot of thought to the presidential election , the highest ever measured at this stage in a campaign .
The same percentages of Republican and Democratic voters say they are giving a lot of thought to the election ( 82 % each ) .
However , a lower percentage of Republicans say it “ really matters who wins the 2008 presidential election ” ( 71 % vs. 80 % of Democrats ) .
Republicans also are increasingly pessimistic about their party ’s chances next month .
While there has been an across - the - board increase in the proportion of voters predicting an Obama victory since mid-September , the shift among Republicans has been particularly pronounced .
About as many Republican voters now see an Obama victory as say McCain will win ( 40 % Obama , 35 % McCain ) .
In mid-September , 70 % of Republicans said McCain would win compared with just 13 % who said Obama was more likely to win .
The survey also finds that 31 % of voters plan to vote before Election Day , or have already voted , compared with only 19 % at this stage in 2004 .
Early voters lean heavily to Obama ; 58 % say they support Obama , compared with 34 % for McCain .
An amazing web application for recording your own tracks with classic analogue loop sequencers .
N.B. I realised after posting this video to UStream that some of the problems I had setting up a blank pre-set simply involved restarting the application .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
EDIT : Should have posted a link too .
Here it is .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Ryanair flies into a storm with ' sexist ' charity calendar featuring scantily clad cabin crew
Low - cost airline Ryanair has flown into a storm after its latest charity calendar was branded sexist .
A series of glossy photos feature scantily - clad female cabin crew who look more like page three pinups than plane staff .
But despite raising money for homeless charity Dublin Simon Community , the calendar has already run into trouble .
Wet n'
Wild :
The girls of Ryanair strip off for the 2009 charity calendar
The Institute for Women in Spain is considering legal action and intends to complain to Irish and EU authorities that the publication is sexist as it only features female models .
In a statement , it said : ' It is significant that only women are used , in a sector in which there is a considerable percentage of men . '
January : Miss Fuel Pump February : Miss Lookout
Spokesman María Jesús Ortiz claimed the images presented the women as ' sexual objects . '
' We 're not talking about morals or nudity here , it 's simply how women are portrayed , ' she said .
' If there had been men in the calendar I 'm sure there would have been no controversy . '
The Institute became involved after a complaint from consumer group FACUA , which claimed the images promoted macho behaviour .
' The company is attacking the dignity of women workers in general and especially of cabin crew members , by presenting stereotypical images of these professionals which they have spent years struggling against , ' a spokesman added .
Last year 's Ryanair Cabin Crew Charity Calendar raised over 70,000 euros for the Angels Quest Charity .
A Ryanair spokesman said : " The 2009 edition , which was shot in Spain in September , is even more colourful and sexy and should sell like hot cakes , "
March : Miss Check -in
April : Miss Cockpit
" It will make the ideal Christmas present , or a New Year gift which will remind people not just of Europe 's favourite low fares airline , but the gorgeous girls you can meet on board Ryanair flights , " she added .
Ryanair has sent a free copy of the Ryanair Cabin Crew 2009 charity calendar to the FACUA which last year objected to Ryanair 's 2008 calendar .
May : Miss Engineer
June : Miss Control Tower
The airline has also sent a free copy to Swedish politician Birgitta Ohlsson , who recently criticised a Ryanair advert which used a scantily - clad model .
The Dublin Simon Community 's Sam McGuinness said : " With Government funding constraints we now , more than ever , depend on the generosity of corporate supporters , such as Ryanair , to continue to provide services and shelter to those seeking our assistance . "
July : Miss Take - off
August : Miss Mechanic
Simon Community said the number of people requiring the assistance of its Rough Sleeper Team rose by 50 % during the first half of 2008 .
September : Miss Wet and Miss Wild
October : Miss Safety
The charity said the Government should have done more during better economic times to eliminate homelessness as it claimed it is faced with the prospect of even more homeless people facing into tougher and less secure times .
The calendar can be purchased for ten euros either directly from Ryanair flights or through the Ryanair.com website .
Posted in Uncategorized
Easy Homemade Tomato Sauce .
This quick and easy recipe uses minimal ingredients that you most likely have in your pantry ! …
South - east Queensland residents are waking to flooding across the region after an overnight storm dumped up to 250 millimetres of rain .
Roads are cut and powerlines are down across an area taking in Toowoomba , Brisbane and the Gold Coast , and one woman is unaccounted for .
The woman went missing in Enoggera Creek at Newmarket .
A boat was found and her friend has been taken to the Royal Brisbane Hospital .
He said he could not find her at the height of the flooding .
Energex says it is working to restore power to about 6,000 customers across the south - east .
Mike Swanston from Energex says fairly large branches have been carried on to powerlines on Paddington and Rosalie .
Power is off is also off in the Wynnum area .
Schools around The Gap have been described as " emergency supervision " only .
Although schools remain open parents have been asked to make other arrangements if possible .
Weather bureau senior forecaster Geoff Doueal says some of the heaviest falls have occurred over Brisbane 's three major dams .
" We have a seen a large area of heavy rain moving across the south - east during the evening and now it's over the Brisbane area , " he said .
" Some places have had well over 100 millimetres of rain , so there is strong wind warnings for that , there is road weather warnings and we are continuing the warnings for flash flooding with lots of dangerous flooding out there considering the very heavy rainfall we have had . "
Homes have been unroofed and cars have seriously damaged at Paddington in Brisbane 's inner city .
North Regional Police Inspector David Richards said the extent of last night 's storm damage was becoming apparent as the sun began to rise .
" It started off in the Gap area - a number of houses evacuated and the flooding went down quickly , " he said .
" As quick as it came , it moved on through the Paddington area - a violent storm there unroofed four houses , knocked some powerlines down and there was a major number of vehicles affected by floodwater . "
Flooding
Police are currently responding to reports of widespread flooding in areas across Brisbane south and west .
Primary areas affected include Ipswich , Oxley , Darra and Forest Lake plus the Gap , Ashgrove , Sherwood and Indooroopilly .
Boats have been used to patrol streets in Newmarket .
People have been asked to not go on the roads , in order to let emergency services personnel work .
Emergency services have also asked the people do not run in the brown water that is filling streets .
Police say suburban roads and major highways are cut around the south - east .
RACQ spokesman Joe Fitzgerald says residents should stay home if possible .
" Only essential travel - if anyone does need to get somewhere they need to kind of second guess themselves as to how important that travel is and maybe staying in for the time being might be the best option cause the roads are pretty chaotic , " he said .
At Ipswich - where the heaviest falls were recorded - the Bremer River has broken its banks and Ipswich Mayor Paul Pisasle has described the flooding as the worst since 1974 .
Emergency Management Queensland say scores of people have been rescued from cars that have been caught out by rapidly rising flood waters .
In Brisbane and Logan City , at least five motorists were rescued after they tried to drive through flooded roads on the Inner City bypass , at the Gap and Slacks Creek to the south .
Nine people were rescued in the Ipswich area at Woolshed Creek , Maudsland and Forestdale .
Mr Doueal says more storms are on the way .
" They wo n't be anything near the intensity , we do n't believe , as last night 's storm because that upper support 's not there , " he said .
" It 's just more bad news for those still trying to clean up after Sunday 's devastating storm . "
Authorities are repeating strong advice to stay at home if possible .
Avoid travelling unless it is essential to do so .
There are predictions of further rain later this morning .
Trains
The Ipswich line is closed between Rosewood and Dinmore .
There will be no trains in this section in the morning peak hour , and possibly the afternoon peak hour ( to be advised ) .
There is damage to signalling and track washed out in several places .
There is also water over the line between Ipswich and Toowoomba .
Translink says that rail buses ( in place of trains ) are operating this morning .
Buses will operate between Ipswich and Rosewood .
Buses will also operate between Ferny Grove Station and Keperra due to track damage .
All buses services are expected to keep running , although routes will be affected by closed roads .
Motorists are advised to not attempt to drive through flood waters as the depth may be deceptive and conditions may be dangerous .
I remember when New York fell .
No one believed it would happen , but without power the backup generators ran for a few days and then the pumps stopped .
Within a day the underground had flooded , shortly after the streets began to buckle , then the buildings .
No one could believe that a whole city could collapse , but I saw it .
I watched as the cracks reached up through buildings , and then with a final groan , pulled them to the ground .
I do n’t know how many undead died , but I know a lot of living were still there , hiding in fear .
At least they do n’t have anything to fear any more .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The use of social networking tools as part of day to day office life has led to increases in efficiency , according to a report released by AT&T .
In the survey of 2,500 people , 65 per cent said it had made them or their colleagues more efficient , with 46 per cent saying it had sparked ideas and creativity .
Across the UK , France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , these were the top five social networking tools used by organisations .
1. Companies own collaboration sites on intranet
2. Internal forums within the company
3. Company - produced video material shared on the intranet
4. Online social networks such as LinkedIn and Facebook
5. External collaboration sites on the web and internal blogging sites .
The survey also showed that 65 per cent of employees believed that their company had adopted social networking as part of the working culture .
However the UK was n't the best at social networking adoption , with Germany out in front .
AT&T executive director Martin Silman said that chief information officers and colleagues needed to think about the improvements in collaboration , productivity and business efficiency .
" The change is sociological rather than technological , " Silman said .
" Social networking is changing the way corporations communicate and if the corporate vision incorporates and builds upon the move to social networking and Web 2.0 , then the key performance indicators will easily follow . "
New Cost - Effective Battery Tested to Store Wind - Power
November 18th , 2008 by Alex Felsinger
For the first time in America , a company has developed an efficient battery solution to storing wind power , a clear answer to critics who claim turbines are unreliable .
[ social_buttons ]
Xcel Energy ‘s “ Wind - to - Battery ” project is currently being tested on a Minnesota wind farm .
The company believes that the 80 - ton battery will power 500 homes for 7 hours when fully charged .
The battery ’s 20 50 - kilowatt modules together are roughly the size of two semi- trailers and can store 7.2 megawatt - hours of electricity .
“ Energy storage is key to expanding the use of renewable energy , ” said Dick Kelly , Xcel Energy Chairman , President and CEO .
“ This technology has the potential to reduce the impact caused by the variability and limited predictability of wind energy generation .
As the nation ’s leader in distributing wind energy , this will be very important to both us and our customers . ”
The sodium - sulfur battery technology has already been used in a variety of forms in the United States , but Xcel says their pilot program is the first time any practical and efficient battery storage technology has been used on a wind farm .
Photo Credit : Ryan McD on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
“ We have had a 30 - year experiment with requiring workers to be more responsible for saving and investing for their retirement , ” said Teresa Ghilarducci , a professor of economics at the New School .
“ It has been a grand experiment , and it has failed . ”
In the typical 401 ( k ) plan , the employer ’s matching contribution is more than just money for retirement .
It also motivates employees to set aside more of their own money for old age .
The more that workers save in a 401 ( k ) plan , generally , the more “ free money ” they can get from their employers under the matching provisions .
Retirement policy specialists said they did not expect employees to react immediately to the loss of this incentive by stopping their own contributions .
Study after study has shown that employees procrastinate when it comes to retirement - plan chores , and in this case the inertia may work , unwittingly , in their favor .
Americans , however , are facing extreme household financial pressure .
President - elect Obama has said that he would support allowing withdrawals from retirement plans without penalties , which would provide short - term relief but would further undercut American ’s long - term savings .
Benefits specialists said that if matching contributions continued to dwindle , fewer newly hired workers could be expected to join 401 ( k ) plans .
And employees might eventually slow or stop their contributions if the recession drags on and their own cash runs short .
“ The problem is , we are heading into this serious recession , and we do n’t know how long it will go on for , ” said Alicia Munnell , director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College .
“ The bottom line is , people will have less money in their 401 ( k ) plans , not just because the financial crisis has decimated their assets , but also because they will not have the employer match for some time . ”
Currently , most companies that offer 401 ( k ) plans do provide some sort of matching contributions , according to David Wray , president of the Profit Sharing / 401( k ) Council of America , an association of employers that provide such plans .
Humans and chimps , our closest relatives , share a curious trait :
We organize to kill members of our own species .
A new book , * Sex and War , * delves into how the most intelligent apes on Earth , essentially alone in the animal kingdom , evolved the ability to organize for extreme violence .
UC Berkeley obstetrician , Malcolm Potts and science writer Thomas Hayden take a wide - ranging look at the many places that biology intersects with war .
But the most fascinating parts of the book look at how modern technology has interacted with our Stone Age brains ' risk calculators to produce the brutality and aggression of the world today .
In this Wired.com interview with Hayden and Potts , they talk about the evolutionary adaptation that allows us to kill our enemies , how chimps and bonobos inform our knowledge of human nature , and why the most destructive weapon might be a hormone , not a bomb .
Wired.com :
Why did you write this book ?
Why sex and war as topics ?
*
Sex and War* co-author Thomas Hayden :
Let me tell you the why from two different perspectives .
For me personally , the why goes back to the beginning of the Iraq war in 2003 .
I was a correspondent at a national news magazine ( U.S. News & World Report ) at the time and the war was the big story .
As a science reporter , I was trying to understand the big story of the day through the lens of science .
I was struck by how big a factor the desire for revenge for 9/11 seemed to be .
I was struck by the momentum , the emotional momentum , in the rush to war .
It seemed once we'd been talking about war for a while , it almost became inevitable , despite lots of logical arguments against going to war .
I wanted to understand why that was .
In the evolutionary psychology literature , you see that those are evolved predispositions .
Those are behaviors that we see not just in our own times and in hunter - gatherer people , but , in fact , there are direct correlates we see in chimpanzees .
Wired.com :
Why is it important that chimps also kill each other ?
What are we supposed to take from the presence of similar , violent behavior in chimps ?
__
Hayden :__
The idea is very clearly established that humans and chimps are very close evolutionary cousins .
We descended from a common ancestor seven million years ago .
So the idea is that if there are other behaviors shared with humans and chimps , there is something that evolved in the common ancestor .
In the 1970s , Jane Goodall working at Gombe Stream National Park in Tanzania , observed what came to be known as a chimpanzee war .
This behavior has been documented several times by several different people .
Chimpanzees are territorial and live in troops of male relatives , dominated by an alpha male .
They spend a lot of their time foraging for food but the males also spend quite a bit of time patrolling their territory .
And on occasion when they are patrolling the borders and come across someone from a neighboring troop , if they have overwhelming force — four , five or six chimps attacking one — they will launch an attack on that chimpanzee and beat and bite and rip and tear the neighboring chimpanzee , killing or leaving it for dead .
In the case of the chimpanzees that Goodall first observed , one troop completely annihilated and / or absorbed a neighboring troop , essentially conquering them .
The pattern is what we see in our warfare even today .
It depends on surprise and on overwhelming force .
The correlate for that would be the shock and awe of the invasion of Iraq .
It also depends on a critical evolutionary innovation that allows war to happen .
This behavior of intentionally gathering together and going out to kill members of our own species is an extremely rare behavior .
Humans do it .
Chimps do it .
There is some evidence that wolves and hyenas do it .
But it 's pretty much a human and chimp innovation .
You have a very intelligent animal and a social animal .
And when you 're a social animal , all of the evolutionary pressures are toward living in a group .
There are hierarchies .
There are mechanisms for resolving disputes in nonlethal ways .
That can all be summed up under empathy .
But humans and chimpanzees , when they are fighting an out - group , have the ability to turn off the empathy .
By turning that off , you dehumanize the enemy or dechimpize the enemy .
Wired.com :
Are there records of chimps who are more or less warlike ?
If so , what are the parameters that change that behavior ?
Sex and War co-author Malcolm Potts : Probably competition for resources and density .
It 's a good question and we do n't really have enough information to answer it in a totally scientific way .
Most of the places chimps live are constrained because there are farmers all around them .
When Goodall first observed these things , [ people ] said it was unnatural because they fed them bananas .
Whenever there has been systematic study of chimps , there have always been episodes of same - species killing .
Wired.com :
You 've studied the demographics of war .
What types of societies are more likely to go to war ?
Potts : I think there are several things going on .
If you have a lot of competition for resources — fig trees or oil — then there is a higher change .
But a more subtle thing is that when you have a rapidly growing population and you have a lot of young people in relation to older people — young men in relation to older men — it makes it easier for conflict to break out .
Obviously in a complicated set of social behaviors ... but it looks like this is a factor that counts for a proportion of the risk of having a war .
We feel it's one of the factors that is open to variation .
It 's something we can deal with .
We can slow population growth if we do it in a respectful way .
Wired.com :
You both talked about how men are really the drivers of war .
Why is that ?
Potts : Because of the asymmetry in the investment [ men and women ] make in the next generation , beginning with eggs being bigger than sperm .
When you 're a mammal , women can only have a limited number of children .
Their sexual agenda is to be as selective and to get support from that mate .
Whereas the males amongst chimpanzees and to some extent among human beings , the more sexual partners they can get , the more likely they pass their genes to next generation .
So the males are competing .
Most peoples , not the number of people , but the number of cultures , are monogamous .
Men are intrinsically risk - taking and are less selective in their sexual partners and once you get this team aggression in a primate , a new set of things kick in .
You add all those things together and you 've got a pretty fearsome male animal .
That 's why I call testosterone the perfect weapon of mass destruction .
Wired.com :
How has technology changed the nature of this warring behavior , its biology ?
Hayden :
That 's a really important question .
The difference between a band of chimpanzees attacking with teeth and nails versus a predator drone firing hellfire missiles from beyond the horizon is very significant .
Let me point to two things .
One is the development of weapons that can kill from a distance .
And it probably began by throwing a rock or a sharp stick .
And then it was a sharp stick with something sharp on the end of it .
In this purest form of battle , you have a small band of males ganging up on an enemy .
When even four or five chimpanzees attack one chimp , there is a pretty high risk of being injured .
Just like in a fistfight , it 's rare you come out of a fist fight without a broken nose or a cracked knuckle .
There 's a pretty high bar for making that attack because there is a risk of death .
But as a soon you can kill from a distance , that calculus begins to shift and that barrier begins to drop .
You take it up a notch to a bow - and - arrow , and maybe that you can shoot from behind a tree , and you can kill without being detected yourself .
Your risk goes down to near zero .
So , what happens , as you increase the sophistication of the killing technology and your ability to kill from a distance , you decrease the barriers to launching an attack , so you increase the amount of war and violence .
That 's something you see through human history :
The most warlike cultures and societies are the ones that have developed simple distance killing techniques ...
Bows , slings , that sort of thing .
At the extreme other end of technology , you 've got nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction where that calculus is turned on its head .
You have the potential of using your own weapon , but you also have what we 've called for decades now , mutually assured destruction .
The risk is so severe that it reverts back to the earlier calculus .
If I use this weapon , it could come back on me .
So , at the beginning of human technical innovation , you have simple technologies enabling warfare and making it more common and at the far end of it , you have technologies that flip that technology back to the early stages .
Wired.com : Could you point to any other specific technological leaps that really changed the nature of warfare ?
Hayden :
Here 's a really important one , maybe the most important one today .
And that is the way in which technology enables terrorism .
I want to say this carefully and this is a really important point any time you are talking about the evolution of human behavior .
It 's very clear that we are evolved animals and there are behavioral dispositions .
But to say that something has evolved does n't put a value statement to it .
It does n't say it 's a good or bad or necessary behavior .
We 're very complex animals , so there are predispositions that tilt us towards distrust or hatred of outsiders , love and compassion for members of our in - group .
The balance of those different traits is such that perhaps all men have the ability to be warriors .
We have the evolved traits necessary to turn off that empathy .
But that does n't mean there is n't any free choice and there is a lot of environmental circumstance .
Nature provides the possibilities and nurture helps shape what actually happens .
So , when it comes to terrorism , it only works because of technology , because a small number of people , almost always men , can use technology for leverage .
Nineteen terrorists armed with sticks and stones could do very little to affect the United States of America .
But 19 terrorists armed with jet fuel - laden aircraft ...
The technology pushed their destructive capability way beyond where it would have been .
Nineteen men against 300 million people .
We would have never known they existed if they had n't leveraged technology .
Technology has done many wonderful things for humankind through the years , but it also has been a central part of war .
The technology of a time really defines the warfare of a time .
Wired.com :
Does the study of the bonobos , another close primate relative of humans who are noted for their peaceful behavior , add anything to the discussion of sex and war ?
Hayden : I think it does .
Chimpanzees and bonobos are sort of a Rorschach test for humanity .
Do you see us as warring , meat eaters or vegetarian peace lovers who apparently solve all their problems by having sex ?
My very loving view of the human condition has room for the chimpanzees and the bonobos .
Thank goodness we have both species ...
If we just had chimpanzees , we might not be quite as hopeful .
With the bonobos , we find a great deal of diversity of behavior .
I think humans have the capacity for love and peaceful coexistence .
The really hopeful thing of looking at war from the perspective of evolution is recognizing that war is built up from a set of evolved predispositions , but that does n't make war inevitable .
Yes , it is inherent , but it 's not necessary and we can start looking at things that we can do in social policy that make war less likely and less brutal .
You can look at it as trying to figure out what we can do and how we can shape our world so that our bonobo comes out more than our chimpanzee nature .
And when you get right down to it , who would n't rather be a bonobo ?
Image : flickr/blueforce4116
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
[ social_buttons ]
The Brazilian government has today signed a federal decree establishing the Brazilian Whale and Dolphin Sanctuary , which will drastically increase protection for all cetacean species along the country ’s entire 5,000 mile long coast .
According to José Truda Palazzo , Jr. , Brazilian Commissioner to the International Whaling Commission , “ the initiative sends a clear and powerful message to the international community in relation to Brazil ’s commitment towards whale conservation , and also reinforces our campaign for a South Atlantic Whale Sanctuary to be established in the entire oceanic basin . ”
The decree , backed by Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , is yet another sign of growing momentum towards radical protection measures across wide swathes of the southern oceans .
Earlier this year , Chile declared its jurisdictional waters as a whale sanctuary , protecting the whale and dolphin population along its 3,400 mile shoreline on the Pacific coast of South America .
There is also a growing movement to prevent other nation ’s , particularly Japan , from carrying out whaling activities in the region .
However , a consortium of South American countries , including Brazil , have repeatedly failed to persuade the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) to sanction the establishment of a whale sanctuary in the southern Atlantic Ocean from the east coast of South America to the west coast of Africa .
Image Credit – Marshmallow via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
“ Believe me , ” she said , “ I know what I am saying  where God has sent me , from underneath the umbrella of this church , throughout the state . ”
Image Larry Kroon , pastor of Wasilla Bible Church , said most members were socially conservative because of their analysis of the Bible .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
Janet Kincaid , who has known Ms. Palin for about 15 years and worked with her on some Wasilla town boards and commissions when Ms. Palin was mayor here , said Ms. Palin ’s spiritual path , from the Assembly of God to Wasilla Bible , has had a consistent theme .
“ The churches that Sarah has attended all believe in a literal translation of the Bible , ” Ms. Kincaid said .
“ Her principal ethical and moral beliefs stem from this . ”
Prayer , and belief in its power , is another constant theme , Ms. Kincaid said , in what she has witnessed in Ms. Palin .
“ Her beliefs are firm in the power of prayer  let ’s put it that way , ” she said .
Maria Comella , a spokeswoman for the McCain - Palin campaign , said Ms. Palin had been baptized Roman Catholic as an infant , but declined to comment further .
“ We ’re not going to get into discussing her religion , ” she said .
In the address at the Assembly of God Church here , Ms. Palin ’s ease in talking about the intersection of faith and public life was clear .
Among other things , she encouraged the group of young church leaders to pray that “ God ’s will ” be done in bringing about the construction of a big pipeline in the state , and suggested her work as governor would be hampered “ if the people of Alaska ’s heart is n’t right with God . ”
She also told the group that her eldest child , Track , would soon be deployed by the Army to Iraq , and that they should pray “ that our national leaders are sending them out on a task that is from God , that ’s what we have to make sure we are praying for , that there is a plan , and that plan is God ’s plan . ”
One of the pools at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort
By Ray Stern
Executives from the failing insurance giant AIG can run , but they can't hide from media attention about their expensive conferences .
The company 's Asset Management group will meet in Phoenix over the next four days at an upscale Phoenix resort , spending an estimated $ 300,000 on rooms and amenities which include a speech by football legend Terry Bradshaw .
In an October 9 e-mail obtained by New Times , Eric Koontz , an AIG official in New York City , makes it clear the beleaguered company wants to keep the conference quiet .
Koontz writes to workers at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort at 7677 North 16th Street :
Please note that due to the media reports of AIG conducting business at various resort properties , we have eliminated " AIG Advisor Group " from all of our collateral and would appreciate it if you would assist us by insuring that AIG logo is not listed in any public place on property .
If you 'll recall , the company was condemned last month for spending $ 440,000 on a conference in St. Regis Resort in Monarch Beach , California , just days after taking an $ 86 billion bailout loan from the government .
AIG subsequently canceled another pricey conference scheduled to take place in the seaside town of Half Moon Bay , California .
Last week , the company announced it would borrow another $ 20.9 billion from the government .
The rooms at the Squaw Peak Resort are n't the fanciest in the Valley , costing AIG $ 189 each , according to documents sent to New Times .
But conference guests wo n't be slumming it , either , as one look at the hotel 's Web site reveals .
Hotel receipts obtained by New Times show that in addition to the rooms , AIG is spending thousands of dollars on food , drinks , a photographer , floral arrangements , and VIP airport transportation for selected AIG personnel .
One hotel event order describes a requirement for two ficus trees and six ferns for stage decor at $ 425 each .
A Channel 12 ( KPNX ) article from Friday about the Phoenix conference quotes AIG spokesman Joe Norton saying that the expenses had been reviewed , and the company was going forward with it .
Eric Koontz , who wrote the e-mail obtained by New Times , did not return a call on Monday afternoon .
A woman who said she was Koontz 's assistant called to say Koontz might reply by e-mail , but as of 6 p.m. he had not responded .
http://www.cpni.gov.uk/Docs/Vulnerability_Advisory_SSH.txtやCPNI-957037: SSH 通信において一部データが漏えいする可能性 , Plaintext Recovery Attack Against SSH - SSH - Company - News , CPNI - 957037 : SSH 通信において一部データが漏えいする可能性 - セキュリティホール memoによると , SSH プロトコルに設計のエラーがあり , OpenSSH の標準の設定だと , 2の-14〜-18乗の確率で14〜32bitの平文を回復できる可能性があるとのことです(当初32バイトと書きましたが間違いでした , また手法によって確率と回復できる平文のbit数に違いがありました ) .
攻撃の詳細はわかりませんが , 対策として暗号モード にCTRモードを利用することが挙げられています.
OpenSSHのデフォルトでは , ' aes128-cbc'( 128bit鍵のAESをCBCモードで利用 ) がSSH2で一番優先されます. Ciphers設定項目で優先順位を変更できます.
デフォルト のCiphersの設定は以下の通りです[ssh_config( 5 )より ] .
aes128-cbc,3des-cbc,blowfish-cbc,cast128-cbc,arcfour128 ,arcfour256,arcfour,aes192-cbc,aes256-cbc,aes128-ctr,aes192-ctr,aes256-ctr
以下のよう に ~/.ssh/config に設定することで , AESをCTRモードで用いる暗号法のみが利用されます.
Ciphers aes256 - ctr , aes192 - ctr , aes128-ctr
OpenSSHは3.7よりCTRモードを利用する暗号法をサポートしているので , OpenSSHサーバに対する接続は上記の設定で問題ないでしょう.
他のサーバにも接続する場合は , ( リスクを承知の上で) aes128-cbcなどを追加する必要があるかもしれません.
CPNI - 957037 : SSH 通信において一部データが漏えいする可能性 - セキュリティホール memoによると , OpenSSL 0.9.8eに問題がありOpenSSH
4.5まではaes256-ctr , aes192-ctrは正しく利用できないようです .
OpenSSH 4.6からは対処されている模様です. 参考 : Bug 1291 – aes256 - ctr , aes192 - ctr , arcfour256 broken with OpenSSL 0.9.8e .
OpenSSL 0.9.8eを利用しているサーバがあるならば , aes128-ctrを最優先するのが運用上よいかもしれません.
20081121追記 : OpenSSHからアドバイザリ「[openssh-unix-announce ]
OpenSSH security advisory : cbc.adv」が出ました . ( 20081124追記 : 修正版がでています OpenSSH
Security Advisory : cbc.adv .
攻撃に必要な回数の見積りが修正されています.)これによると , ストリーム暗号で暗号モードが関係ないarcfourも問題がないため , Ciphersの設定をssh_config , sshd_configともに
Ciphers aes128 - ctr , aes256-ctr,arcfour256,arcfour,aes128-cbc,aes256-cbc
とすることが( 春山注 : 他のクライアントとの相互運用性も考えた場合)好ましいとされています.
Police were said to be investigating the eco-movement Earth First !
which , they claimed , had supporters who believed that reducing the Earth 's population by four - fifths would help protect the planet .
The National Extremism Tactical Co-ordination Unit was concerned that a lone maverick might attempt a terrorist attack .
It had also warned several companies they were being targeted as major polluters by the group and had offered them advice on how to withstand attack .
While the paper had no intention of suggesting that every activist was a potential terrorist , several climate campers wrote to protest .
' If a journalist is told by a single anonymous source that a movement of people has among it individuals who would take the lives of men , women and children in a terror attack , what standard of evidence does that journalist require ?
In this case : no evidence whatsoever .
The claim itself was the story . '
The Guardian
Dear EarthFirster : welcome to the power of the Crowd .
It is motivated by fears , not reality , and since it denies reality , it is always afraid of realists .
Pointing out that our overpopulation problemour environmental problem is too much reality ; thus they are going to lash out , and conflate " sees we have too many people " with " wants to kill us all .
" Even worse , you 're threatening business as usual , which means jobs and geegaws for proles and New Rich alike .
Expect crucifixion or hemlock .
DIGG THIS
Before the U.S. House of Representatives , November 19 , 2008
Madame Speaker , I rise to pay tribute to my friend Marshall Fritz who passed away on Tuesday November 4 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer .
Marshall was a true champion of freedom whose impact on the cause of liberty will be felt for years to come .
Marshall , with his booming voice and good humor , was the happy warrior of the freedom movement , as well as the movement ’s Will Rogers .
Marshall never met a fellow fighter for liberty , a single - issue ally , or a potential convert he did not like — and to Marshall anyone who did not already share his love of liberty was a potential convert .
Marshall was a model of an ideological / political entrepreneur .
In 1984 , Marshall saw that the growth of the freedom movement was handicapped by the lack of an organization to help activists better communicate the freedom philosophy to the general public .
While Marshall was not the first person to have this realization , he was the first person to attempt to remedy the situation by founding Advocates for Self - Government , an organization designed to teach activists how to effectively communicate their principles .
In the years since Marshall founded the Advocates for Self - Government , the organization has helped countless libertarians by providing them with the intellectual resources necessary to effectively battle for a free society .
While serving as President of the Advocates , Marshall created the World ’s Smallest Political Quiz .
The quiz graphs an individual ’s political philosophy based on responses to a series of ten questions that measure one ’s commitment to economic and personal liberty .
Under Marshall ’s leadership , the Advocates undertook an aggressive program of distributing the quiz .
There is no doubt that this has been the Advocate ’s most successful and popular program .
The quiz is responsible for many American ’s first contact with libertarian ideas .
While traveling around the country , I have often heard people say , “ I never knew I was a libertarian until I took the quiz ! ”
In 1990 , Marshall stepped down as President of the Advocates to found the Alliance for the Separation of School and State , an organization focusing on the vital issue of parental control of education .
Thanks in large part to Marshall ’s work , the idea that parents , not the government , should control education is no longer excluded from public debate as a “ fringe ” notion .
One of the features that most impresses me about the Alliance is the way that Marshall brought libertarians , conservatives , and liberals together to work for education freedom .
Anyone who knew Marshall and worked with him would not be surprised that he was able to forge a coalition of people of diverse views .
Marshall ’s focus was always on building alliances and trying to persuade those with whom he disagreed , rather than on scoring debating points .
While he never compromised his principles and never hesitated to criticize even his closet allies if they took what he considered an anti-liberty position , Marshall never personalized disagreements and always treated his opponents with courtesy and respect .
I believe the freedom movement would be more successful if more libertarians followed Marshall ’s example of never turning policy disagreements into personal attacks .
All of us who care about building an effective freedom movement owe a debt of gratitude to Marshall Fritz .
I join Marshall ’s family in mourning his loss and I urge all of us who work for liberty to honor Marshall ’s memory by following the example he set .
See the Ron Paul File
November 29 , 2008
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Dear Cecil : I have a question about the inability of matter to exceed the speed of light .
Suppose I am in a spaceship traveling at the speed of light minus five miles per hour .
What would happen if I fired a gun in the direction that the ship is moving ?
Or tried to run forward at six miles per hour ?
Would I prove Einstein wrong ?
John B. , Niles , Illinois
Cecil replies :
There are two ways we can go about this .
First there ’s the Way of the Wimp , wherein I simply tell you no , you would n’t prove Einstein wrong , and we leave it at that .
This avoids distracting complications , but leaves something to be desired from the standpoint of intellectual rigor .
Then there ’s the Way of Righteousness , which requires mental tenacity and moxie .
Fortify yourself and we ’ll give it a shot .
You probably have the idea that if you ’re standing in a bus moving at speed u , and you walk forward at speed v , your total forward speed w is expressed by the straightforward sum u + v. Alas , this is a cruel illusion .
In reality , what we might call “ addition of velocities ” is governed by the awe - inspiring equation
w = ( u + v ) / ( 1 + uv/c² )
where c² is the speed of light squared .
( This may give you pause next time you hike to the can on a Greyhound . )
At so - called Newtonian ( i.e. , slow ) speeds , the term uv /c² is pretty close to 0 , and the equation reduces down to the familiar w = u + v.
However , if we are traveling at , say , 0.9c ( nine - tenths the speed of light ) , and we shoot a bullet forward also at 0.9 c , we discover via the above formula that the slug does n’t attain an overall speed of 1.8 c ( i.e. , more than the speed of light ) , but rather a modest
( 0.9 c + 0.9 c ) / ( 1 + [ 0.9 ] ² ) = 0.994c
( roughly ) .
Does this mean the bullet just dribbles out of the gun like a freaking gumdrop , for Chrissake ?
Not at all — to you , the space traveler , everything looks normal .
However , a stationary observer would note that you were suffering from the unique effects of the Fitzgerald contraction — which is to say , ( 1 ) time would slow down for you ( although you would n’t realize it ) , and ( 2 ) you and your spaceship would get compressed like an accordion along your axis of travel .
The following poem may help to illustrate this :
There once was a racer named Fisk
Who took a considerable risk .
When his dragster got traction
The Fitzgerald contraction
Reduced his wazoo to a disc .
Sorry , could n’t resist .
Anyway , if you ponder this matter awhile , you ’ll inevitably come to the following conclusion : the faster you go , the slower you go .
Ergo , the speed of light cannot be exceeded .
And you wonder why physics is my favorite subject .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Update :
Now that the much - awaited film Milk has premiered , many politically astute observers have noted the parallels between the recent marriage equality demonstrations and the Gay Rights movement of the 1970s that Harvey Milk had come to represent .
I will be seeing Milk at the Castro Theatre this weekend , but having participated in both the making of the movie and many of the recent anti-Proposition 8 demonstrations , I feel as though I ’ve already seen it .
What follows is my story of being one of many extras during the riotous crowd scenes .
* * *
The Castro District in San Francisco , just down the hill from where I live , is abuzz .
It ’s the most exciting time for the neighborhood since the annual Halloween street party ( before it was recently banned ) or LGBT Pride weekend , when tourists from all over the world make a pilgrimage to the famous " Gay Mecca . "
It ’s as if the 1970s — when the Castro emerged as the world ’s epicenter of the gay liberation movement — is coming alive again .
And , in a sense , it is .
Filmmaker Gus Van
Sant is in the middle of realizing his long - time dream of directing a biopic of Harvey Milk , a political activist instrumental in creating the gay community and culture of the Castro , as well as the first openly gay man to serve in a substantial political office as San Francisco city supervisor .
Van Sant had been wanting to make a movie about Harvey Milk for a long time .
He rejected the original Oliver Stone version from the early ’90s ( which was to star Robin Williams , who has since aged out of the role ) .
And there was another reason he could n’t make the film he ’d wanted to : Warner Brothers , the studio he was negotiating with , balked at showing realistic depictions of gay relationships during the sexually liberated ’ 70s .
When I met Van Sant in the late ’90s during a book tour for his debut novel Pink , he said that in making a movie about Harvey Milk , it was important to depict sex between men realistically , so he could n’t abide by the studio ’s prudishness .
" They wanted to limit Milk ’s sex life to something like just two little kisses , and I could n’t do that , " he explained , " so I walked away . "
Half - jokingly , he likened working with big Hollywood studios to being in a masochistic relationship .
The events of just the single decade that followed , however , made a difference in the potential for accurately telling gay stories .
Ellen DeGeneres came out of the closet , Will & Grace became a mainstream hit , and Queer As Folk and The L Word routinely depicted same - sex love scenes and a variety of intimate relationships .
In the end , it may have been the success of Brokeback Mountain that convinced nervous studio execs to back a realistic film about Harvey Milk .
In fact , all of a sudden — thirty years after Milk ’s assassination — the story of the " Mayor of Castro Street " is in demand .
Due to the writers ’ strike , Van Sant ’s version happened to make it into production before a competing version by filmmaker Bryan Singer and writer Randy Shilts .
Over the past couple of months , the production crew transformed the modern trendy neighborhood of the Castro into its 1970s incarnation — which , back then , had more resembled a small town .
The building at Market and 16th Streets ( now empty after the liquidation of Tower Records and Video ) became Extras Holding , where young actors ( and some middle - aged ones ) are transformed into their 1970s counterparts .
Rack after rack of ’ 70s plaid shirts , coats and jackets , jeans , suits , polyester dresses , large - knit sweaters are meticulously categorized and numbered , as are dozens of storage bins containing wool caps , wide neckties , scarves , large eyeglasses frames , bandannas , hoop earrings , and other period accessories .
Extras sit in front of high - end lighted mirrors at makeshift makeup tables to get their hair styled into long shags and severe side parts ( for men ) and , for women , face - framing barrel curls , afros ( for black women ) , and plain long , straight locks .
Those extras with hair too short or modern had to endure wearing cheap wigs .
Rumor has it that the makeup department ordered thousands of fake mustaches and pairs of sideburns in assorted colors to apply to men who had n’t been growing their own .
Wardrobe and makeup is often open twenty - four hours a day to accommodate the aggressive film schedule .
San Francisco does n’t host nearly as much filming as does Southern California , so the extras , happy to engage in a rare professional film acting opportunity ( especially since it ’s not easy to be cast even as a " background artist " ) , have an unusual sense of camaraderie .
As fascinating as the quotidian details of making a film are to passersby , the extras themselves compare notes , even on the craft service food .
The entire first floor of Extras Holding was converted into a dining hall with folding tables and a whiteboard displaying menu of selections that change daily .
Morning extras and crew are treated to custom - made omelets from professional chefs ; the dinner menu rivals that of an upscale restaurant :
grilled flatiron steak
grilled trout with lemon butter
chicken cordon bleu
bow - tie pasta
bien cali rice [ ( I ’ve never heard of it either ) ]
gnocchi with tomato cream sauce
mixed veggies
baked brie
prosciutto - wrapped asparagus
stuffed artichokes
dessert : " Cake Batter " ice cream
Casual observers in the Castro had the good fortune to watch the principle actors at work , including Sean Penn as Harvey Milk .
I ’ll admit that I was at first skeptical of the casting of Penn in the title role .
Snapshots of Penn , however , in full wardrobe , makeup ( including colored contact lenses and a nose prosthetic ) , and the long ponytail and scruffy beard he ’d grown to depict Milk ’s hippie look during the early ’ 70s , convinced me — not to mention how seriously he and co-star James Franco took the roles .
Steve Carell , slated to star in the Singer / Shilts version of the Milk story , would have been an interesting choice in one of his first comedy - to - drama crossover rolls , especially since he played a sensitive gay character in Little Miss Sunshine so poignantly and delightfully .
Adrian Brody might have fit the part , too — certainly physically — but he may have been too young to play the forty - something Milk .
As exciting as it was to observe an active film crew and famous actors using the Castro as a living movie set , I had the privilege of participating even more , as an extra in Gus Van Sant ’s Milk .
[ next : being an extra in the crowd scenes ]
Posted November 25 , 2008 by Mariva in city , community , fashion , movies , social
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Missiles fired from a remotely piloted United States aircraft slammed into a village in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan along the Afghan border on Friday and killed 10 to 13 people , according to a local intelligence official , a Pakistani reporter and two Pakistani television channels .
State television put the death toll at 10 , and other news reports said the dead included eight local people and five foreigners .
The deaths were the latest fatalities in a series of American missile attacks that have drawn increasingly irate protests from Pakistan to senior American officials , including the head of the United States Central Command , Gen. David H. Petraeus , and the American ambassador here , Anne W. Patterson .
The Pakistani president , Asif Ali Zardari , and the prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , both condemned Friday ’s attack .
Since an American commando raid on Pakistani soil in early September , there have been reports of more than 15 American strikes directed at militants hiding out in the Waziristan region .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama on Friday moved toward nominating Timothy Geithner as Treasury secretary and charging the respected head of the New York Federal Reserve with helping pull the United States out of an economic nosedive .
( From left ) Senator Hillary Clinton , New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson , and Timothy F. Geithner , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , are seen in a combination file photo .
REUTERS / From left Craig Mitchelldyer , Andrea Comas , Keith Bedford
New York Sen. Hillary Clinton appeared headed to be nominated as Obama ’s secretary of state , bringing his one - time main Democratic rival into the fold in a pivotal role in his new administration .
Geithner , 47 , had been seen as one of two main candidates for the Treasury job along with former Clinton administration Treasury chief Lawrence Summers .
U.S. stocks soared on the Geithner news , first reported by NBC News , pushing major indices up more than 6 percent .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 8,000 , an important psychological trading level .
Obama may consider Summers as a possible successor to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , whose term ends in January 2010 , a Democratic source said .
Clinton , wife of former President Bill Clinton , appeared set to take the top U.S. diplomatic post after wrestling with whether she wanted to give up her Senate seat .
“ We ’re still in discussions , which are very much on track .
Any reports beyond that are premature , ” Clinton senior adviser Philippe Reines told Reuters .
The New York Times said it was a done deal .
“ She ’s ready , ” The Times quoted one of two Clinton associates who confirmed the deal as saying .
A senior Democrat told Reuters in Washington that Obama wanted Geithner for the Treasury job , but had yet to make an offer .
He did confirm that Summers was no longer under consideration .
“ Summers is off the list , ” he said .
The New York Times reported that Obama was likely to name Summers as an economic adviser with the expectation that he will eventually be tapped for the Federal Reserve Board and perhaps as Bernanke ’s successor .
MARKET BOOST
Obama , who beat Republican John McCain in the November 4 election , takes over from George W. Bush on January 20 .
He has been largely hunkered down in Chicago since the election working on his administration team .
NBC News said Obama was expected to announce Geithner and other members of his economic team Monday in an effort to calm U.S. financial markets that have sunk like a stone all week before Friday ’s surge .
“ A fantastic choice to help lead the financial markets out of the wilderness , ” said Chris Rupkey , senior economist at The Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi in New York , of Geithner .
“ A crisis manager par excellence who will hit the ground running as he has been on the case since the global funding crisis began way back in July 2007 . ”
If confirmed by the U.S. Senate as Treasury secretary , Geithner would be at the helm of efforts to guide the country out of the financial crisis , which some analysts predict could lead to the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
NBC also said New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson -- who was one of a crowded pack of Democratic presidential candidates early this year -- could get Obama ’s nod to become commerce secretary .
Richardson ’s elevation to the cabinet would give the Obama administration its first high - profile Hispanic member as its main liaison to the business community .
Richardson was a United Nations ambassador and energy secretary under former President Bill Clinton .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
NATIONAL SECURITY FRONTRUNNER
Obama ’s early moves got the thumbs up from the Senate ’s Republican leader , Mitch McConnell , who said he believed the Obama team was preparing to “ govern in the middle and tackle big things . ”
“ I think the new administration is off to a good start , ” he told reporters on Capitol Hill .
Democrats increased their majority in the Senate and U.S. House of Representatives in the November 4 vote .
Set to become the first black U.S. president , Obama will inherit a deeply unpopular war in Iraq and another war in Afghanistan , where violence has soared , and will seek to rebuild relationships with allies , particularly in Europe .
Retired Marine Gen. James Jones has emerged as a leading contender for White House national security adviser , according to Democratic sources .
Jones is a former top operational commander of NATO .
Obama is also leaning toward keeping Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
Gates , who replaced the combative Donald Rumsfeld in 2006 , is praised by both Republicans and Democrats in Congress for overseeing a military strategy shift in Iraq that helped bring the country back from the brink of civil war .
Beim Schlafwandeln Emails geschrieben und abgeschickt Florian Rötzer
Neurologen berichten von dem vermutlich ersten Fall eines solch komplexen Verhaltens beim Schlafwandeln .
Premieren gibt es viele .
Viele sind nicht sonderlich aufregend .
Und manche sind eher bizarrer Natur wie diejenige , die Neurologem von der University of Toledo in der Fachzeitschrift Sleep Medicine berichten , nämlich die ersten Person , von der es zumindest bekannt wurde , dass sie schlafwandelnd das Internet benutzte .
Die 44 - Jährige war nach dem Bericht der Wissenschaftler um 22 Uhr zu Bett gegangen .
Was dann geschah hatte sich erst am nächsten Tag herausgestellt , als die Frau selbst durch einen Anrufer herausfand , was sie gemacht hatte .
Offenbar ist sie aufgestanden und ohne aufzuwachen in das nächste Zimmer gegangen .
Dort hat sie ihren Computer angeschaltet , ihr Passwort eingegeben und ihren Email - Account geöffnet .
Dann schrieb und versendete sie drei Emails , die mehr oder weniger gut formuliert waren .
Bei einer Email kam sie nicht weit , sie brach nach " What the … " gleich wieder ab .
Eine andere war ein wenig ausführlicher und enthielt , wenn auch nicht ganz verständlich , eine Einladung : " Come tomorrow and sort this hell hole out .
Dinner and drinks , 4.pm , .
Bring wine and caviar only . "
Vermutlich war das Schlafwandeln durch die Einnahme eines Schlafmittels mit dem Wirkstoff Zolpidem ausgelöst waren .
Die Wissenschaftler gehen davon aus , dass bislang noch keine so komplexen Tätigkeiten und koordinierten Bewegungen beim Schlafwandeln beobachtet worden sind , überdies hatte sich die Frau auch noch an ihr Passwort erinnert .
Die Frau sei schockiert gewesen , als sie die Emails gesehen hat , aber sich nicht erinnern konnte , sie geschrieben zu haben .
Schlafwandeln sei bei ihr zuvor nicht aufgetreten .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military judge in the case of the accused mastermind of the September 11 attacks has decided to retire rather than continue to oversee the complex proceedings , defense officials said on Monday .
Marine Col. Ralph Kohlmann , chief judge for the U.S. Military Commission trying detainees accused of terrorism in the Guantanamo naval base , will retire five months earlier than expected , officials said .
On Monday , he named U.S. Army Col. Steven Henley as his replacement .
A defense official said Kohlmann had planned to retire in April but decided to do it now after concluding that the proceedings would likely continue beyond next spring .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the accused al Qaeda planner of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , faces a military commission trial with four co-defendants at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where they are being held .
Mohammed and his co-defendants -- Ramzi Binalshibh , Mustafa Ahmed al Hawsawi , Walid bin Attash and Ali Abdul Aziz Ali -- are charged with conspiracy and 2,973 counts of murder representing all of those killed when hijacked airliners crashed into New York ’s World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a Pennsylvania field .
President - elect Barack Obama , who enters the White House on January 20 , has vowed to shut the U.S. prison at Guantanamo .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which has long called for the shuttering of the jail , suggested in a statement on Monday that Kohlmann ’s departure could be a consequence of Obama ’s plans .
“ The timing of the announcement to replace the military commission judge on the 9/11 cases is highly suspect and disturbing , ” ACLU executive director Anthony Romero said .
He said Bush administration could try to “ sabotage ” Obama ’s plans by “ ramming through these cases in its last days . ”
But a second defense official said there was nothing suspicious about Kohlmann ’s departure , nothing that his retirement plans were discussed in open court in September .
Hearings are scheduled to resume in the case on December 8 .
April 1992
The Next New Deal
A call for a comprehensive reform of our trillion - dollar system of federal entitlements , which favors the rich over the poor , the old over the young , and consumption over savings , and in other ways makes no economic or social sense
by Neil Howe and Phillip Longman
W ith the coming of the Next New Deal , Americans will look back and marvel at what became of our old welfare state -- that tangle of inequity and dysfunction once known as federal entitlements .
Why did the public tolerate a system that wound up distributing most of its benefits to the well - off ?
And how did the economy survive its costs ?
History books will no doubt concentrate on a few choice examples of the conditions that finally forced a wholesale reform .
Readers may learn , for instance , that by 1991 the federal government 's largest housing subsidy program was providing an average of $ 3,000 a year to each of the six million wealthiest households in America , while offering nothing to the 36 million Americans in poverty .
To qualify for this particular benefit , called the home - mortgage deduction , you had to borrow using your first or second home as collateral .
And the more you borrowed , even if it was to finance a chalet in Aspen - or just a ski trip to Aspen - - the more subsidy you would receive from other taxpayers .
By 1991 the cost of the home - mortgage deduction had risen to $ 37 billion , of which 81 percent went directly to households with incomes over $ 50,000 .
Meanwhile , economists bemoaned the anemic U.S. personal savings rate , which in the late 1980s fell to its lowest level since the 1930s .
The U.S. health - care system a quarter century after the announcement of the Great Society will also provide future historians with rich examples of the conditions that led to the next New Deal .
How to explain that the U.S. economy staggered under the highest per capita health - care costs on earth , and still 23 million Americans under the age of thirty - five were uninsured for any medical care at all ?
Stranger yet was what happened to these uninsured Americans , and to everyone else , if they happened to live to be sixty - five .
After that birthday a citizen , regardless of income , became entitled to take part in a program called Medicare , which would pay for everything from CAT scans to pacemakers , from chiropractic to orthopedic recliners .
In 1991 Medicare spent nearly $ 19 billion subsidizing the health care of households earning $ 50,000 or more .
That year government experts projected that the mounting cost of Medicare would cause the program to collapse within fifteen years , and that if current trends continued , total health - care spending would rise to an economy - shattering 44 percent of the gross national product by 2030 .
No one listened .
Gold - plated pensions for federal employees will also no doubt be held up by future historians as emblematic of the decadence of late - twentieth century political culture .
By what accident of history were military and civil service retirees with incomes over $ 100,000 collecting $ 9.2 billion from the U.S. Treasury in 1991 ?
For half this sum the official poverty rate for all American elderly could have been reduced to zero .
At the very least , Congress could have done something about the $ 1.4 trillion in unfunded federal pension liabilities on the books .
But the House of Representatives was busy with other business at the time -- such as voting itself a controversial pay hike that would later be remembered for its explosive impact on pension costs .
Retiring in 1991 , a typical congressman looked forward to $ 1,098,735 in lifetime benefits ; by 1993 the figure had risen to $ 1,523,263 .
Finally , there was the program originally designed to offer all Americans what President Franklin Roosevelt 's brain trusters called " a floor of protection " against destitution in old age .
But over the course of more than half a century Social Security had evolved into something radically different .
By 1991 the system was distributing more than 555 billion a year , or more than a fifth of its benefits , to households with incomes above $ 50,000 a year .
For that much money the government could have provided every American with cradle - to - grave insurance against poverty - including the one American child in twenty who lived in a household reporting a cash income during 1991 of less than $ 5,000 .
For many years the worsening inefficiency and inequity of the U.S. social welfare system seemed to make little impression on American political opinion .
Political leaders as diverse as Newt Gingrich , George Bush , Bill Clinton , and Daniel Patrick Moynihan expressed alarm at the moral hazard of providing welfare benefits to poor unwed mothers .
But few political leaders worried about the moral hazard -- and incomparably larger cost -- of subsidizing home - equity loans for rising young stockbrokers , granting free medical care , PX cards , and half pay for life to ex-colonels at age forty two , passing out farm payments to affluent agribusiness owners , or writing checks to globetrotting senior citizens which got forwarded to Bermuda .
It was convenient to assume that free lunches corrupted only the underclass .
As the 1990 - 1992 recession lingered , forcing local governments to cut teachers ' pay , ignore the raving homeless , and fence off sagging bridges , state governors turned to Washington , where politicians shrugged their shoulders and pointed to a budget bursting with entitlement programs running on auto pilot .
Meanwhile , ordinary Americans wondered what was happening to their nation 's public sector .
It could afford neither to build for the future nor to care for the needy -- despite unprecedented borrowing , a near - record level of taxation , and sinking defense outlays that by the fall of 1992 had reached their lowest share of GNP since Harry Truman ran for President .
With the vaunted post - Cold War Peace dividend " evaporating , the United States found itself unable to invest adequately in either its infrastructure or its children .
Eventually people began to talk of another Great Depression , before the coming of the next New Deal .
A Welfare State for the Affluent Rudolf Goldscheid , the socialist economist , once observed , " The budget is the skeleton of the state stripped of all misleading ideologies . "
By now federal entitlement spending has become so pervasive in American life - not just among the poor but most notably among the middle class and the affluent -- that one cannot make sense of our politics or the condition of our economy without considering how this spending rearranges the nation 's resources and defines our choices as a society .
Ever since the early 1980s , when the United States lost control of its fiscal policy , the term Entitlements -- referring to all federal benefit payments to individuals -- has been part of the American political lexicon .
Today the twelve - digit numbers that first worried budget experts back in the late 1970s look positively quaint -- although events have proved that the growth of entitlements is indeed the leading cause of the nation 's long - term structural deficits .
This year the cost of federal benefits is larger than was the entire federal budget when Ronald Reagan arrived in Washington with a mandate to slash the welfare state .
All told , entitlements have become a trillion - dollar river .
The main current includes more than $ 700 billion in direct outlays , received by at least one member of roughly half the nation 's households .
These expenditures account for more than 45 percent of all federal spending , and are more than twice as large as the amount consumed by defense .
Another flow of nearly $ 200 billion is distributed in the form of tax subsidies to individuals , such as the home - mortgage deduction and the exclusion for employer - paid health care .
These explicit breaks in the tax code are the moral and fiscal equivalent of the government 's simply mailing a check .
To pay for them , other people 's taxes have to be raised , other benefits have to be cut , or the deficit has to be increased .
The accumulating burden is not about to ease .
Our economy shows no sign of " outgrowing " the cost of entitlements , as many partisans of Reaganomics , along with many liberals , once hoped .
Though the relative cost typically rises and falls with the business cycle , it has always emerged from each new recession larger than it emerged from the last .
In fiscal year 1992 federal benefit outlays alone u ill exceed 12 percent of GNP , the second highest level ever .
Including tax benefits , the total cost of federal entitlements amounts to well over 15 percent of GNP , and Congress now projects that it will climb steadily through the late 1990s .
For the first time , the economy should not expect any post - recession relief .
Who benefits from this spending ?
Until recently no one really knew .
Budget experts , to be sure , have always pointed to a few eyebrow - raising numbers .
Consider the fact that of all federal benefit outlays , only a quarter flows through programs that require any evidence of financial need -- and that even this " means - tested " quarter includes such middle class staples as student loans and VA hospital care .
Consider also that only one of every eight federal benefit dollars actually reaches Americans in poverty .
But reliable income figures for all recipient households have simply not been available .
Cash - income surveys conducted by the Census Bureau are plagued by high rates of underreporting ( especially by the wealthy ) .
Tax - return data from the Internal Revenue Service are more accurate , but do not cover the entire population ( especially the poor ) .
Several years ago , however , growing curiosity on Capitol Hill persuaded the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to try to unravel the mystery .
By merging the Census and IRS data sources , CBO economists ultimately arrived at reliable and comprehensive estimates of benefits by household income .
The estimates were circulated behind closed doors during the 1990 budget summit and have since been updated -- though they have never yet been published .
The benefit income statistics we cite throughout this article are based on these CBO estimates , which cover about 80 percent of all federal benefit outlays .
These numbers destroy any ideological myths Americans may cling to about who gets what from government .
They offer an accurate glimpse of that " skeleton of the state " -- which has too long been locked in the political closet .
The CBO research demonstrates , in fact , that the most affluent Americans actually collect slightly more from the welfare state than do the poorest Americans .
It shows that last year U.S. households with incomes over $ 100,000 received , on average , $ 5,690 worth of federal cash and in - kind benefits , while the corresponding figure for U.S. households with incomes under $ 10,000 was $ 5,560 .
Quite simply , if the federal government wanted to flatten the nation 's income distribution , it would do better to mail all its checks to random addresses .
The problem is not that poverty programs do n't target the poor .
More than 85 percent of the benefits from AFDC , SSI , and food stamps do indeed go to households with incomes under $ 20,000 .
But their impact is neutralized by all the other programs , which tilt the other way and are , of course , much greater in size .
The trend over time is also unsettling .
Liberals sometimes attribute the growing disparity of income in America to Reagan - era cuts in targeted poverty programs .
Among the very poorest households that is indeed one cause .
From 1980 to 1991 , in consent dollars , the average federal benefit received by households with incomes under $ 10,000 declined by seven percent .
Yet liberals typically overlook the gentrification of America 's untargeted nonpoverty programs , which has been pushing even more powerfully to widen the gap between rich and poor .
During those same eleven years , among households with incomes over $ 200,000 the real value of average benefits received ( mostly Social Security , Medicare , and federal pensions ) fully doubled .
But thus far we have been considering only direct outlays .
When we include the value of entitlements conveyed through the tax code , the bias in favor of the well - off becomes even more pronounced .
Tax Expenditures and Other Subsidies
Such tax subsidies date back to 1918 , when patriotic fervor for U.S. troops in Europe was running high .
Political leaders in Washington felt they should do something dramatic to reward the doughboys .
Facing a tight budget , Congress hesitated to raise veterans ' benefits directly .
But then someone on Capitol Hill took a look at the five - year - old federal income tax system and came up with a nifty idea :
Why not " raise " veterans ' benefits simply by exempting such benefits from the tax ?
Over the years many more " tax expenditures " have followed , nearly all of them -- like the first -- created entirely off budget , without estimating eventual cost and far from the scrutiny that normally accompanies direct appropriations .
Several , including the exemptions for Social Security benefits and for employer - paid health care , were created not by Congress but by offhand IRS rulings in the 1930s and 1940s .
At the time , no one paid them much notice , because tax rates were low , Social Security benefits were modest , and company health plans were rare .
But in fiscal year 1992 these two rulings alone are costing the federal government nearly $ 90 billion , which is more than the Pentagon 's total budget for weapons procurement .
Though tax expenditures as a political art were invented during the First World War , the term itself dates back only to the mid-1960s , when it was coined by Stanley S. Surrey , a Harvard Law don who served as assistant secretary of the Treasury for Ox policy in the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations .
In the course of his battles with Congress over tax policy , Surrey was struck by the fact that Congress w as increasingly using selective tax reductions for specific groups of people , rather than direct appropriations , as a means of distributing public resources .
Surrey 's favorite example was the deduction for medical expenses .
He explained that this tax provision had precisely the same impact , both on the budget and on the public , as a multibillion - dollar benefit program that heavily favored the very rich ( because they pay taxes at the highest rates ) and that entirely excluded the very poor ( because they do n't pay Axes at all ) .
There was indeed only one big difference : the same Congress that created the tax provision would never dare to create the benefit program .
Although the tax - expenditure concept has been widely accepted by economists over the past thirty years , it strikes many Americans the wrong way .
A common complaint is that the concept somehow assumes that government " owns " all your income before doing you the favor of letting you keep part of it .
This is not the case .
The concept simply assumes that each person owes the government according to a general rate schedule superimposed on every person 's ability to pay .
Whatever violates such equal treatment is deemed the equivalent of a benefit outlay -- the same , that is , as a check in the mail .
From the dogmatic insistence that there is no such thing as a tax expenditure , any number of absurdities must follow : for instance , that a public policy exempting all circus clowns from paying income taxes would not be a public benefit to circus clowns -- who would simply be keeping more of " their own " money .
Who cares if keeping more of " their " money means taking more of someone else 's ?
Or if it means bankrupting everyone 's kids ?
The ultimate thrust of this line of reasoning is to deny that a society can consent to and act upon any equitable principle of public sacrifice .
Accordingly , all taxation is inherently unjust , and though cheating on your taxes may be legally wrong , it can not be morally wrong .
It is no surprise that many well - off Americans , uneasy about their nation 's loss of fiscal discipline , find consolation in this pugnacious illogic .
What is surprising is to hear conservatives leading the chorus .
Back in the early 1970s , strange to say , many of these same intellectuals pushed Nixon 's ill - fated " negative income Ox , " the very premise of which is that less tax is the precise equivalent of more income .
But during the 1980s they have become the preachers of a selective civic virtue - austerity for targeted benefits to the poor and indulgence toward shotgun tax favors to the affluent .
Today , even though the government publishes estimates of the cost of different tax expenditures , this form of spending still attracts comparatively little attention .
But by now the numbers involved , and their social and economic effects , are too large to ignore .
Honest people can and do differ over what constitutes a genuine tax expenditure , as opposed to " equitable " treatment -- say , for investment income or charitable donations .
According to some , ability to pay should be measured by what a person earns ; according to others , by what a person consumes .
But even if we confine our list of tax expenditures to those that contradict any principle of ability to pay -- that is , to those that nearly all economists can agree on -- the total fiscal cost comes to at least $ 170 billion .
Those tax expenditures arbitrarily reward millions of lucky people for such endeavors as financing a built - in sauna , hiring an au pair , or getting the boss to pay for the therapist .
This spending is regressive in the strictest sense of the word .
Even when poorer households qualify for these benefits ( and often they do not ) , what they receive is smaller , relative to their income , than what goes to the affluent .
According to the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation , for example , last year the average value of the mortgage - interest deduction for taxpayers with incomes over $ 100,000 was $ 3,469 .
In contrast , the same deduction was worth an average of only $ 516 for taxpayers in the $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 bracket who qualified to take the benefit -- and of course many , including renters and those who opted for the standard deduction , did not .
When we add together all the tax expenditures and all the direct outlays for which we have 1991 income data -- and this is about 80 percent of each type of entitlement -- an unambiguous picture emerges .
On average , households with incomes under $ 10,000 collected a total of $ 5,690 in benefits .
On average , households with incomes over $ 100,000 collected $ 9,280 .
In terms of total fiscal cost , moreover , the aggregate amounts received by the non-needy in 1991 were staggering .
One half ( at least $ 400 billion ) of all entitlements went to households with incomes over $ 30,000 .
One quarter ( at least $ 200 billion ) went to households with incomes over $ 50,000 .
These are the facts -- regardless of what our political folktales might say .
How did our entitlement system wind up delivering most of its benefits to people who are clearly not in need ?
Obviously , the overall spending pattern does not conform to any master plan .
Congress never passed a " Comprehensive Welfare for the Well - Off Act . "
Rather , the system we see today is the inadvertent legacy of thousands of why - not - please - everybody votes on Capitol Hill - - together with economic and demographic trends that no one anticipated .
Nor does any conspiracy lie behind the way Americans have chosen over the past decade to finance the growth of entitlements .
They have done so through deficit spending -- the result of a persistent ideological deadlock between cutting spending and raising taxes .
Each side , unfortunately , has reason to regret the outcome .
On the one hand , those who prevented significant reform in the welfare state have worsened any prevailing trend toward inequity by income and class .
On the other hand , those who urged that it is better to finance the welfare state through debt than through taxes have burdened Americans with a new layer of inequity by age and generation .
These are the conditions leading to the coming of the next New Deal - - a new deal that is needed to restore both fairness and efficiency to our trillion - dollar entitlement budget .
The U.S. social - welfare system has by now come to resemble a ramshackle mansion on a hill , with squeaky back stairways and barren hallways leading to musty , sealed - off chambers .
Open this door and behold the federal railroad retirement system --a Christmas gift from Congress to the railroad industry in 1935 , still chugging after all these years , at an annual cost of $ 7.8 billion .
That crowing in the pantry is the sound of $ 50,000 , on average , in direct federal payments being snatched up by each of the 30,000 biggest grossing farmers in America .
Not one of them looks like Pa Joad .
And down this hall you 'll find the bonanza - baby nursery , filled with Americans born from 1910 through 1916 , whose Social Security benefit levels are higher than those of anyone born before or after .
Can anyone remember why ?
What about that thumping noise ?
Maybe it 's the so - called one percent " kicker " from the 1970s , which still inflates civil - service pensions .
This is a structure , leaky and drafty and wildly expensive to heat , that was tolerably suited to its previous owners but now requires radical remodeling .
What would FDR , architect of the original New Deal , have said if he had learned that by 1991 a fifth of American children would be living in poverty -- still ill housed and ill nourished -- while a fifth of the dollars spent by major federal benefit programs went to households earning $ 50,000 or more ?
Fortunately , the system can be made to work again .
But before the next New Deal can happen , Americans will have to start viewing entitlements as a whole , and debating comprehensive reforms .
Welfare for the Well Off Even if our current entitlement system were sustainable well into the twenty - first century -- and it is not -- most Americans would still have good reason to demand a new deal .
Consider how little we as a nation are getting back for the money we are spending : no national health insurance plan , no maternity benefits or family allowances such as are available in Germany and France , no guarantee against falling into poverty or even becoming homeless -- in old age or at any other time of life .
In 1990 , for example , the federal government handed out an average of $ 11,400 worth of benefits to every American aged sixty - five or over - more than ten times what it gave to each child -- yet 3.7 million senior citizens still languished below the poverty line .
Many of the latter receive a " means - tested " benefit -- Supplemental Security Income .
But for an elderly person living alone in 1990 the federal SSI program offered a maximum cash benefit of 74 percent of the poverty level , or $ 4,632 annually .
That same year , while 18 million Americans earning less than $ 15,000 at full - time , year - round jobs " contributed " their FICA dollars , a CEO and spouse could retire and expect to receive more than $ 24,000 annually in tax - sheltered Social Security and Medicare benefits , in addition to their corporate pension and " medigap " plan , and sundry forms of private investment income .
Why does n't the welfare state do a better job of actually insuring against poverty ?
The bottom - line reason is that we divert too many resources to the affluent .
The most stunning illustrations of welfare for the well - off come in the form of entitlements conveyed through the tax code .
Consider , for example , the exclusion from taxation of most Social Security income along with the insurance value of Medicare benefits , which together cost the Treasury about $ 34 billion last year .
The households that receive the largest favor are those with the most income .
In fact both these tax expenditures may be regarded as especially insidious forms of back - door spending , since they simply add to the already top - heavy distribution of Social Security and Medicare benefits .
For the 37 percent of senior citizens who regularly vacation abroad , these tax subsidies are enough to pay for a few extra days of shopping in tropical ports of call .
But they do little for another 40 percent of senior citizens who owe no tax on their Form 1040 because they are n't as well off .
This is why every other major industrial nation regards all or nearly all of its social - insurance benefits as taxable income .
The same point applies to the child - care credit which cost the government more than $ 3 billion last year .
Households with incomes below $ 10,000 received virtually no benefit from this tax subsidy .
Those with incomes above $ z0,000 , however , received $ 1.2 billion to help pay for nannies and other child - care expenses .
For the really big bucks , take a look at the exclusion for employer - paid health care .
Under this provision , those Americans fortunate enough to receives health - care insurance from their employers are allowed to exclude the value of their insurance from both income and payroll taxation .
Last year this single tax expenditure cost the U.S. Treasury $ 60 billion in forgone revenue .
Who benefited ?
Obviously , no one among the 35 million people not covered by any form of health insurance or among the 32 million people who pay for their plans out of their own pockets .
These 67 million Americans are twice as likely to live in poverty as are all other Americans .
But that is only part of the inequity .
Among households that were covered by employer - paid health - care plans , the average benefit for those in the highest income brackets was many times larger than the average for those in the lowest income brackets .
Moreover , most economists agree that such large subsidies encourage their beneficiaries to overconsume health - care services , and thus put even more inflationary pressure on a system already in crisis .
Who will argue with an employer who offers a Gold Plan " package that provides generous coverage for every medical contingency , from orthodontia to nose jobs to psychoanalysis , as long as it's tax - free ?
It is much the same story with most other entitlements conveyed through the tax code .
Not only are they inequitable in their distribution of benefits but also they contribute to gross distortions in how the U.S. economy allocates resources .
In addition to overconsuming health care , for example , affluent Americans tend to overconsume powder rooms and swimming pools and vacation homes at the expense of more - productive investments -- thanks to the mortgage deduction and other tax subsidies for owner - occupied real estate .
One result of all these tax favors : the hospitals and homes of Grosse Point and other affluent suburbs of Detroit are far more luxurious than any to be found in , say , the suburbs of Yokohama or Stuttgart .
But only in Detroit do the suburbs surround a burned - out , deindustrializing core .
Not coincidentally , every major industrial society except the United States pays for little ( or none ) of its health care with tax - sheltered insurance , and tightly restricts ( or prohibits ) any deductions for interest on home mortgages .
To the rule that says most tax subsidies go to the wealthy , there is one exception : the Earned Income Tax Credit .
First enacted in 1975 , the EITC is the closest America has ever come to a negative income tax .
But its effect on the overall picture is negligible .
Even after including the EITC with all the other tax expenditures mentioned above , the bottom line is still that the rich receive by far the largest benefits .
Households with incomes below $ 10,000 , for example , receive an average of $ 131 a year from all these tax - subsidy programs combined .
Middle class households do better : those with incomes in the $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 range receive tax benefits averaging $ 1,483 .
But it is the truly affluent who receive the greatest subsidy : the average benefit for households with incomes over $ 100,000 is $ 3,595 a year , or nearly thirty times what goes to households most in need .
The Weight of Reality Upon Ideology
Why have Americas put up for so long with such flagrant malfunctioning of their social - welfare system ?
Part of the explanation must lie in today 's political culture , which by the standards of FDR 's crusading generation has remained exceptionally cautious in its thinking about the major institutions of the welfare state , and preoccupied with mere process issues .
Meanwhile , as the decades have passed , the earth has been slowly shifting beneath the major monuments of the first New Deal .
The old assumptions will not hold .
When Social Security first started paying out benefits , for example , the elderly were by far the most destitute age group in American society .
As recently as 1969,25 percent of American elderly were officially designated " poor " -- as were only 14 percent of children under age eighteen .
Today the relative positions of the very old and the very young are just about reversed : in 1990 , 12 percent of the elderly and 21 percent of children were poor .
Other indicators , such as noncash income , financial assets , and homeownership rates , also show that the typical elderly household is now considerably better off than the typical young family .
At the same time , as we have seen , millions of the elderly continue to live in poverty .
And yet Social Security continues to distribute none of its benefits on the basis of need .
We live in a world radically different from that of FDR 's generation .
How touching it is for the historian to read that New Deal planners once projected that Social Security 's survivors ' and unemployment benefits would steadily reduce means - tested family assistance .
The assumption , of course , was that widows were the only single mothers struggling to raise children .
That 13 million children would be living with single nonwidowed mothers in 1990 was simply unthinkable .
And how maddening it is for today 's married woman to learn that she wo n't receive Social Security benefits based on her earnings unless she makes at least half her husband 's salary throughout her working life .
It should come as no surprise that a social welfare system designed to serve the America of Benny Goodman and Norman Rockwell now stands in need of serious structural repair .
We also live in a world radically different from that of the Johnson and Nixon presidencies , when the steepest increases in entitlement spending took place .
In that era renowned economists wrote books about the " challenge of abundance " and testified before Congress about how Americans would soon enjoy a twenty - two - hour workweek .
In 1972 , on the eve of Social Security 's largest single benefit hike , the system 's actuaries projected that henceforth real U.S. wages would forever rise at the rate of 56 percent every two decades -- an assumption that made almost anything affordable .
Looking back , that sort of economic euphoria seems as dated as 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
What has in fact happened over the twenty years since 1972 is that real wages , as defined by the actuaries , have grown by hardly more than four percent .
Polls indicate that most Americans are no longer confident that today 's children will do as well economically as their parents -- and indeed they will not , unless the country frees up the resources it needs to undertake wide - scale investments m improving productivity .
Sixty years after the New Deal there is virtually no connection between the pattern of entitlement spending and any coherent public purpose .
So why is reform so often regarded as impossible ?
Part of the reason is ideological .
Throughout the Reagan years the allure of supply - side economics persuaded many conservatives that reforming entitlements was no longer necessary ; with tax cuts and deregulation , the nation could simply " outgrow " them .
The party that once fought losing battles against the New Deal could thereby dish the Whigs and painlessly rid itself of its plutocratic reputation .
Liberals , meanwhile , have been slow to grasp how an ideal that was once taken as the nation 's highest expression of community has evolved into a system that serves the interests of economic royalists at the expense of the common man .
Today reality is gradually wearing away these ideological misconceptions .
Still , the reform of any single entitlement program is blocked by highly organized special - interest groups , from the graypower and pension lobbies to the agribusiness , construction , and health - care industries .
Even affluent beneficiaries who may be uncomfortable accepting government money do n't like feeling singled out for sacrifice .
The Palm Beach retiree , for example , wo n't go along with higher taxes on his Social Security benefits just so that the yuppie down the street can get another tax break .
What is needed is a comprehensive approach to entitlement reform -- one that cuts not only direct spending but also tax expenditures for the well off .
In this way entitlement reform could avoid becoming a contest between generations .
By putting every form of government spending on the table , America could also end that long - running , sterile debate between those who want to cut spending and those who want to cut taxes .
Genuine reform could at last be what it should be : a more equitable and productive redirection of the nation 's limited resources .
The Peace Dividend Is Not Enough
But could n't we get by , many readers will ask with just staying the course ?
Wo n't the end of the Cold War free up enough resources so that we wo n't need to take on entitlement reform ?
The short answer is no .
A world at peace wo n't be enough to right the nation 's fiscal imbalance .
As we mentioned earlier , benefit outlays accounted for 45 percent of all federal spending in calendar year 1991 .
Yet this conventional measure of the cost of entitlements , large as it is , underestimates their practical importance .
First , it includes only the benefits themselves , not the cost of administering them .
Add on a minimal five percent overhead , and the total rises to 48 percent of the budget .
Second , a fair measure would compare entitlements only with other types of spending that are adjustable , not with spending that is entirely beyond anyone 's control .
So let 's subtract net interest payments on the national debt ( $ 199.4 billion ) and last year 's payments on the S&L bailout ( $ 101.8 billion ) .
Both are obligations that must be met in order to avoid a devastating financial panic .
Now the total rises to 60 percent of the budget .
Finally , let 's figure in the $ 170 billion in benefit - like tax expenditures .
This pushes the total up to just over 65 percent of the budget .
The bottom line might be summarized this way : Entitlements , defined as the full cost of both direct and taxcode benefits , amount to two thirds of the federal spending over which government has some control .
A large part of the remaining third is defense spending .
The cuts now scheduled will help , but alone they are clearly insufficient .
Consider that even eliminating the entire blaring Corps would not defray the annual cost of military pensions .
In fact , even if the Department of Defense were abolished and all the armed forces disbanded , the U.S. Treasury would still not be able to pay this year 's bills without borrowing .
As for the small corner of the budget still dedicated to " discretionary " civilian projects - everything from running parks , regulating polluters , and sheltering runaway children to building highways , testing superconductors , and arresting drug traffickers -- as a share of GNP that corner has been smaller since the late 1980s than at any other time since the late 1950s .
It is unlikely that Americans could achieve major savings in this catchall budget area without curtailing some of the vital core services they expect from government .
Most policy discussions instead favor more of this type of spending , which no doubt would already be larger today were it not perpetually crowded out by the metastasizing of universal benefits .
Another question , still sometimes heard in post - Reagan America , is " Why reform entitlements or even worry about the deficit when we can always just raise taxes ? "
But the answer is clear enough :
The revenue option wo n't work because it wo n't happen .
One can find many polls showing that most Americans favor the concept of a means test for benefits .
But one cannot find any poll showing that more than a small minority of Americans favor a large , general - purpose tax hike .
This anti-tax sentiment is linked to widespread cynicism about government , especially the federal government , which should make many liberals think twice before dismissing entitlement reform .
Quite simply , those who want more taxes and bigger budgets must first demonstrate that government can apply commonsense priorities to the money it is already spending .
Anyone waiting for public attitudes to change spontaneously should take a closer look at America 's rising generation of voters under thirty -- not just at their Republican sympathies , which incline them against taxes anyway , but at their intense distrust of unkeepable promises , breakable chain letters , and crocodile tears .
What the typical new voter most distrusts , in short , is just the sort of rhetoric that still enshrouds our welfare state .
Unfavorable Demographics
Each decade since the first New Deal , from the 1930s through the 1980s , entitlement spending has grown faster than the economy .
Under our current system it is certain to do so in future decades as well , especially once the oldest members of the enormous postwar Baby Boom generation begin reaching retirement age , just sixteen years from now .
Today more than 60 percent of all federal benefit spending flows to the 12 percent of Americans who are age sixty - five or older .
As long as the welfare state allocates most benefits on the basis of seniority alone , the cost will grow geometrically as the size of the elderly population increases .
In combination with the aging of the population , improvements in medical technology will likely cause per capita health care costs to continue growing several times as fast as per-worker GNP .
Demographic data easily numb the mind , but one can gain an intuitive sense of what all this means for government spending by considering just how favorable demographic trends have been for the United States in recent years .
During the 1980s the 76 million members of the Baby Boom generation moved into their prime productive years -- old enough to have mastered job skills but too young to retire .
The result was an automatic surge in federal revenue -- especially since the women of this generation have been far more likely than their mothers to work for wages , and therefore to contribute taxes .
Meanwhile , demographics have also been favorable to the spending side of the budget .
The growth rate of the retirement - age population has actually been slowing down since the mid-1980s , owing to the declining birth rates of the late 1920s .
Yet the United States is still running enormous budget deficits .
What will happen when these favorable demographic trends turn into unfavorable trends , beginning around 2010 ?
Since 1960 , federal benefit outlays alone have grown from roughly five percent to 12 percent of GNP .
No one knows , of course , what the future may bring .
But if one adopts the economic , demographic , and medical assumptions used by the Social Security Administration and the Health Care Financing Administration .
the total cost will rise much further over the next fifty years , perhaps to 71 percent of GNP ( best case ) or to 30 percent of GNP ( most plausible case ) .
And this assumes not a single new program or eligibility provision .
Outlays of this magnitude would threaten to crowd out not only all forms of public and private investment but also any hope that government might respond to new social needs .
Ultimately , even huge tax hikes would merely cover the growing cost of programs whose original intentions had long been forgotten .
Well before we reach such nightmare fiscal scenarios , moreover , the income inequity of the U.S. welfare state will become painfully obvious .
Look ahead to the year 2000 , when today 's unusually affluent Americans in their fifties begin to retire .
This is a cohort of lifelong upward mobility whose average household wealth in retirement ( according to the economists Frank Levy and Richard Michel ) is likely to exceed that of all living Americans born either before or after them .
Then consider the position of today 's young adults -- handicapped by unstable family backgrounds , an inferior education , and stagnating entry - level wages .
By the year 2000 , while raising families amid growing talk of yet another hike in the payroll tax , they will cast searching eyes at the abundance of their elders .
In her recent book Social Insecurity the former Social Security commissioner Dorcas Hardy does not hesitate to link the issues of age , income , and race .
" As we move into the next century , " she asks , " will the minorities of this country - - immigrants and otherwise -- come to see the Social Security system as a mechanism by which the government robs their children of a better future , in order to support a group of elderly white people in a retirement that is both too luxurious and too long ? "
Take it from someone who once ran the system : the entitlement crisis is not about to go away if we just ignore it .
A Comprehensive Reform Overhauling the O.S. welfare state so that it serves our national goals will entail enormous changes , most likely including a wholesale restructuring of the U.S. health care system .
But in the meantime we Americans can make federal entitlements much more equitable and free up the resources we need to cut our fiscal deficits and boost our national savings , by acting on a simple if far - reaching principle .
The principle is that one 's benefits should be proportional to one 's need -- whether the subsidy comes in the form of health insurance or a farm subsidy or a mortgage - interest deduction or a Social Security check .
How might such a principle be applied to the existing welfare state and how much money would it save ?
Any reform package should satisfy the three most common objections to a cost - control effort .
First , it should not reduce the income of any household that is anywhere near the poverty line .
More precisely the half of all U.S. households that report incomes over $ 30,000 should be asked to bear nearly all the extra burden .
Second , any reform package should adjust benefits according to a graduated scale , so that middle - and upper - income households do not become net losers just because they happen to rise a few dollars above a certain threshold .
Nor should earning a high income become a disqualification for receiving any subsidy .
To preserve the universal character of our major entitlement programs , members of every household , regardless of income , should still stand to gain some benefits , albeit in proportion to their needs .
Third , any comprehensive reform must take into account the quasi contractual nature of at least some entitlement programs .
This last proviso is the toughest to accommodate , but not as tough as is sometimes thought .
Strongly rooted in American political folklore , for example , is the idea that Social Security recipients are only " getting their money back , " that Social Security is an " inviolable contract , " and so forth .
But such claims have no financial or even legal basis , however much certain politicians and interest groups may claim otherwise .
True enough , the original Social Security Act of 1935 included a " money back " guarantee ( with some interest ) on all employee contributions , and called for benefit levels to be calculated on the basis of the lifetime covered wages earned by each individual .
But the guarantee was eliminated by Congress in 1939 , and the link between benefit levels and years of participation , after being weakened in 1939 , was entirely discarded in 1950 .
Ever since , the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that no covered worker retains any right , contractual or otherwise , over taxes paid into the system .
In fact , the Social Security Administration keeps no direct records of how much each person contributes .
It just keeps records of each person 's wage history , to which a politically determined benefit formula is applied when that person retires .
Today 's retirees , as it happens , receive benefits north two to ten times what they would have earned had they invested all their lifetime Social Security taxes ( both their own and their employer 's ) in Treasury bonds .
Meanwhile , largely because of the very steep increases in Social Security taxes in recent years .
most economists agree that under current law Social Security will not offer large categories of younger participants anything approaching a fair market return on what they paid into the system .
So there is no reason that Social Security benefits for the well - off cannot be reduced if a majority of Americans decide that their collective resources should be used for different purposes .
The same is true for civil - service and military pensions , although here the case is much stronger that an implied contract exists between well - off pensioners and the government .
Before the 1970s federal employees worked for lower wages than their counterparts in the private sector .
One reason they did so was the expectation of receiving government pensions far more generous than any offered by private - sector employers .
Even today , no private pension offers benefits at such an early age , at such a high percentage of pay , with such lenient provisions for disability , or with such generous indexing .
Moreover , because these government pension programs were never funded on an actuarially sound basis , current taxpayers are now unjustly stuck with a huge tab for yesterday 's unwise policy .
Still , these benefits are part of the compensation that was promised at the time - - a distinction that makes a moral if not a legal difference and ought to limit benefit reductions even to the most affluent federal pensioner .
Applying our simple principle would not require a big new bureaucracy .
All means - testing could be achieved exclusively through tax returns , much as we now handle the limited taxation of Social Security for households with adjusted gross incomes over $ 25,000 .
Each filer would be required to enter all benefits received , which could be checked against federal records .
Above certain limits the total would trigger a " benefit withholding " liability , which the filer would send back to the IRS along with any outstanding income - tax liability .
As a practical matter , federal benefits could be withheld just as wages are withheld , based on a tax filer 's previous experience .
How would benefit - withholding rates be set ?
Here are a few illustrative options , with estimates of how much money they would have saved in calendar year 1991 alone .
For all cash and in - kind entitlement programs except federal employee pension plans : Withhold 7.5 percent of any benefits that cause total household income to exceed $ 30,000 , and withhold an additional five percent at the margin for each additional $ 10,000 in household income .
The maximum reduction of benefits would be 85 percent , applicable to households with incomes of $ 190,000 or more .
Total savings : $ 33.5 billion .
For civil - service and military pensions :
Same as above , but with a much lower maximum withholding rate , in deference to the quasi - contractual nature of these benefits .
The maximum reduction of benefits would be 25 percent , for households earning $ 70,000 a year or more .
Total savings : $ 7.6 billion .
For all major entitlement benefits conveyed through the tax code except benefit exclusions :
Limit the amount of such tax expenditures received by upper income households to the average expenditure per household within the $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 bracket .
In 1991 , for example , this would have limited the total allowable mortgage interest deduction to roughly $ 2,500 .
Total savings : $ 34.7 billion .
For benefit tax exclusions :
Get rid of all income thresholds and make Social Security just as taxable as any other cash income -- except for 15 percent of pro reform benefits .
This untouched residual will offer , to even the wealthiest of today 's retirees , at least a five percent tax - free return on all contributions they have personally paid into the system .
Also , for households with incomes from $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 , phase out half of the tax exclusion on the insurance value of Medicare ( net of Medicare Part B premiums ) .
Total savings : $ 16.9 billion .
Altogether , these provisions , if they had been in place in 1991 , would have freed up $ 93 billion in the federal budget .
To be sure , no one would advocate instituting all of them in one year , especially in a bad recession year .
But imagine that they were phased in over four years -- starting , say , in 1993 .
Assuming that income brackets were adjusted for inflation , and using official budget and revenue projections , total annual savings would rise to $ 149 billion by 1996 .
That would be enough to ensure that the next recovery is a genuine investment - led expansion , not another borrow - and consume bacchanalia .
The budget savings could be considerably higher .
The figures noted here reflect only about 80 percent of all federal entitlements and tax expenditures , those for which income distributions are known .
The extra 20 percent included , total budget savings in 1996 could rise to more than $ 186 billion .
Furthermore , trimming subsidies to the affluent reduces their incentive to take advantage of available benefits .
Thus , to the extent that it would prompt middle - and upper - income Americans to forgo benefits altogether - - for example , by retiring later , or by opting for less tax - sheltered health insurance and housing -- the measure would clearly save taxpayers more than the amount a static calculation would indicate .
Because all the savings would be collected through the tax code , a single piece of legislation , falling under the jurisdiction of the tax committee in each house , would be sufficient to implement the reform .
Imagine doing the same job by amending every benefits statute : the process would snake through dozens of committees , grind on for years if not decades , and ultimately be undone by interest groups .
This approach also has the virtue of treating all Americans fairly , according to their individual circumstances , unlike most other reform proposals -- for example , limiting all cost - of - living adjustments ( COLAs ) .
Even a COLA freeze that discriminated against large monthly benefits would lead to obvious inequities .
For a widow receiving no income other than one large Social Security check , a COLA may be essential to keep food on the table .
For a triple - dipping federal pensioner receiving the minimum Social Security benefit , that same COLA may be just enough to cover the annual rise in greens fees at the club .
An income - based approach takes account of the difference .
Unlike most government agencies , moreover , the Internal Revenue Service is well trained in tracking dollars no matter how far they Gavel .
Even the farm subsidy that filters down through five partnerships before appearing as personal income will have to show up , earmarked , on someone 's Form 1040 .
Politically , this approach balances the sacrifices asked of elderly and working - age Americans , without raising tax rates and without burdening the poor or even most of the middle class .
Moreover , the plan would reduce specific programs in rough proportion to their overall size in the budget .
Roughly half the savings would come from Social Security and Medicare and the related taxation of benefits .
An additional 40 percent would come from other programs and tax expenditures , especially employer paid health care and mortgage interest .
Another eight to nine percent would come from federal pensions .
Would such a reform in and of itself constitute another New Deal ?
Hardly .
The measures it would comprise are , however , the essential preconditions for the next New Deal .
Without them the United States will simply see more and more of its options as a nation crowded out by the compounding costs of our subsidies to the well - off .
As always , every area of federal spending should be scrutinized .
Missionless bombers must be cut .
Porkbarrel waterways must be eliminated .
Welfare programs targeting the poor must undergo further changes , to require the able - bodied to work and to reduce the cycle of dependency .
But none of these areas is where the big money is , and it is not by reforming them that the United States will free up the resources it needs to build a more just and productive society in the next century .
Whatever one 's vision of that new society -- whether it includes a national health service or means - tested health vouchers , a negative income tax or a 15 percent flat tax , green cars running on hydrogen or mag - lev trains humming from city to city -- to get something new , one must give up something old .
A society that cannot find the resources to pay for sixty cent tuberculosis vaccinations for ten - year - olds must ask itself why it is offering subsidized health care and housing to millionaires .
Call it a rendezvous with destiny .
Neil Howe is a co-author of On Borrowed Time : How the Growth in Entitlements Spending Threatens America 's Future ( 1988 ) ; Generations : The History of America 's Future , 1588 - 2069 ( 1991 ) ; and 13th - Gen : Abort , Delete , Retry , Fail ?
He is also the chief economist of the National Taxpayers Union Foundation , in Washington , D.C. Phillip Longman is a journalist specializing in politics and public policy .
His articles have appeared in many national publications , including The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times Magazine , The New Republic , and The Washington Monthly .
He is also the author of Born to Pay : The New Politics of Aging in America ( Houghton Mifflin , 1987 ) , as well as many other works on entitlements , competitiveness , and U.S. fiscal policy .
Currently the senior editor of Florida Trend magazine , a politics and business magazine located in St. Petersburg , Longman has been the recipient of numerous awards for journalism , including the Investigative Reporters and Editors ' award for best investigative reporting in 1990 .
He is currently at work on a book about entitlements and middle - class values .
Copyright © 1992 by Neil Howe and Phillip Longman .
All rights reserved .
ROCHESTER , N.Y .
–It is an elaborately crafted photographic film , extolled for its sharpness , vivid colours and archival durability .
Yet die - hard fan Alex Webb is convinced the digital age soon will take his Kodachrome away .
" Part of me feels like , boy , if only I 'd been born 20 years earlier , " says the 56 - year - old photographer , whose work has appeared in National Geographic magazine .
" I wish they would keep making it forever .
I still have a lot of pictures to take in my life . "
Only one commercial lab in the world , Dwayne 's Photo in Parsons , Kan. , still develops Kodachrome , a once ubiquitous brand that has freeze - framed the world in rich but authentic hues since it was introduced in the Great Depression .
Eastman Kodak Co. now makes the slide and motion - picture film in just one 35 mm format , and production runs – in which a master sheet nearly two kilometres long is cut up into more than 20,000 rolls – fall at least a year apart .
Kodak wo n't say when the last one occurred nor hint at Kodachrome 's prospects .
Kodachrome stocks currently on sale have a 2009 expiration date .
If the machines are n't fired up again , the company might just sell out the remaining supplies , and that would be the end .
" It 's a low - volume product ; all volumes ( of colour film ) are down , " says spokesperson Chris Veronda .
For decades , Kodachrome was the standard choice for professional colour photography and avant - garde filmmaking .
At its peak , a reverential Paul Simon crooned " Mama , do n't take my Kodachrome away " in 1973 .
It 's the only film to have a state park named after it – photogenic Kodachrome Basin State Park in the red-rock canyons of southern Utah .
During its mass - market heyday in the 1960s and ' 70s , countless snapshooters put friendships in peril every time they hauled out a carousel projector and trays of slides to replay a family vacation .
But the landmark colour - transparency created by Leopold Godowsky Jr. and Leopold Mannes – " God and Man " in photo research circles – went into a tailspin a generation ago .
It was eclipsed by video , easy - to - process colour negative films and a tidal - wave preference for hand - sized prints .
Nowadays , Kodachrome is confined to a small global market of devotees who would n't settle for anything else .
And before long , industry watchers say , Kodak might well stop serving that steadily shrinking niche as the 128 - year - old photography pioneer bets its future on electronic imaging .
The digital revolution is undermining all varieties of film , even a storied one that garnered its share of spectacular images : the giant Hindenburg zeppelin dissolving in a red - orange fireball in 1936 ; Edmund Hillary 's dreamy snapshot of his Sherpa climbing partner atop Everest in 1953 ; and , most iconic of all , Abraham Zapruder 's 8 - millimeter reel of U.S. president John F. Kennedy 's assassination in 1963 .
Steve McCurry 's portrait of an Afghan refugee girl with haunting grey - green eyes that landed on the cover of National Geographic in 1985 is considered one of the finest illustrations of the film 's subtle rendering of light , contrast and colour harmony .
" You just look at it and think , this is better than life , '' says McCurry , 58 , who has relied heavily on Kodachrome for all but the last two years of a 33 - year career .
John Larish , a consultant and writer on photography , marvels at its staying power .
" I 've got Kodachromes from the 1930s and the blue skies look as bright as they did in the 1930s , " he says .
Collectors of airplane and train images value its unsurpassed fade resistance .
Assorted dentists , plastic surgeons and ophthalmologists still rely on its clarity and unique palette , especially for multiyear studies .
" Different eye diseases can have different colours , " says Thomas Link , an ophthalmic photographer at Minnesota 's Mayo Clinic who shoots 10 to 15 rolls of Kodachrome a week to help doctors diagnose and treat illnesses .
" Even now we will go back and look through images taken 30 years ago . ''
If Kodachrome should vanish , " we 'd either change to a different type of film or do it digitally , " Link says , but long - term studies that hinge on image consistency might suffer .
Alarm bells have been ringing since Kodak exited the film - processing business in 1988 .
One by one , its Kodachrome home - movie and still - film formats have been discontinued , and only a 64 - speed remains .
( Film speed is a measure of its sensitivity to light ; low - speed films require a longer exposure ) .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
An even slower 25 - speed version departed in 2002 , an equally beloved 200 - speed in 2006 , a Super 8 movie stock in 2005 – all supplanted by standardized films far easier and cheaper to process .
Dwayne's , the Kodak subcontractor in Kansas that has had the market to itself since a Kodachrome lab in Tokyo closed in December , still processes tens of thousands of rolls annually but admits sales are sliding .
" If Kodak does n't feel it 's economical , they might stop making the film itself , " says owner Grant Steinle .
And " if film volumes become so small that we 're unable to economically process it , then we might stop . "
The game really should have never been this close , but a great job by Colt McCoy to give
Texas their first lead of the game with about 1:30 left , gave us one of the best finishes of the year .
Here 's your ending ....
Those dumbass Raider fans tried to ruin it there at the end by giving Texas a kickoff from the seven yard line , but alas .... it just was n't meant to be for the Longhorns this year .
I really hope Texas Tech makes a huge jump in the polls because the thought of an Alabama - Penn State Championship makes me sick to my stomach .
Go Raiders !
The opening of an article in the Minneapolis Star Tribune by Pam Louwagie begins by getting to the heart of what men can do in situations where women are usually lectured about what they can do -- or could have done -- to prevent getting raped .
Tyler Jones [ University of Minnesota Senior who had recently gone through sexual assault prevention training ] was tipping back a couple of beers with friends at a Dinkytown bar when he suddenly had to take a stand .
" Hey , see that girl over there ? "
Jones recalled an acquaintance asking , nodding toward a woman he wanted to take home .
" She 's almost drunk .
Not quite drunk enough .
...
What shot should I buy her ? "
There was a time , Jones says , when he might have laughed off the remark .
Not anymore .
" You want to buy her something really strong to like , basically knock her out ? "
Jones , a University of Minnesota senior , recalled saying .
" Man , that 's not right .
That 's rape .
That 's sexual assault . "
This message from Jones , which left the other man stunned , in the moment when someone is contemplating a sex crime is an example where peer pressure and informal peer education are positive forces .
Laughing at this remark would have been taken as support that the planned action was okay or not so bad as to cause anyone to be sickened at the idea or to consider it a real crime .
That man who talked about trying to incapacitate a woman is better off being stunned at hearing his planned actions called rape before he goes through with his plan rather than being stunned afterwards if he were to face criminal charges and swearing to his defense attorney that , " It was consensual . "
This situation also highlights another problem with rape prevention advice directed at girls and women since that advice usually assumes that drinking causes boys and men to be confused about the lack of consent .
Hence Laura Sessions Stepp popularizing of the term gray rape .
Good education needs to be accurate information and the victim blaming rape prevention advice is based on inaccurate assessments of what causes rape .
This situation described in the article shows that there was nothing gray or foggy about what that man wanted to do .
He had a clear goal related to someone he might not have even talked to previously and he had no confusion related to alcohol .
His planned actions were clear and premeditated .
He had no interest in trying to gain genuine consent and was n't even going to try to go after a mockery of consent until his target was sufficiently impaired .
That is not a drinking man out of control , it is a man in complete control who wants to deceive and manipulate a woman into a trap .
More than one in five female students reported that they had experienced an actual or attempted sexual assault , according to a 2007 survey at 14 Minnesota colleges and universities .
This statistic indicates that there are a substantial number of men who refuse to respect legal and moral sexual boundaries .
Jill Lipski Cain leads that conversation about five times a month , sometimes in front of Jones ' fraternity .
The violence prevention education coordinator at the University of Minnesota 's Aurora Center , which focuses on sexual assault , she opens the discussion with a slide show of jaw - dropping statistics , images and sounds .
One magazine advertisement features a gaunt teenage - looking girl in a bikini top , a tube of perfume placed in her cleavage .
" Apply generously to your neck , " the text reads , " so he can smell the scent while you shake your head ' no . ' " [...]
Overhead , music thumped while the lyrics coached , " Pop a little champagne and a couple E's .
Slip it in her bubbly . "
Lipski Cain asked : " Is it really sex that is being sold or are there elements of rape in it that 's presented to you as sex ? "
This education about where some of these dangerous beliefs come from and how they are supported is important to seeing real change in attitudes and behaviors happen so that potential rapists become people who would never rape under any circumstance .
If the core problem of people wanting to take someone with no concern for legality and genuine mutuality is n't reduced then the frustrated rapists will just get creative if their current pool of intended targets follow so - called rape prevention advice which is aimed at potential victims .
Rape prevention aimed at those most likely to rape -- and their immediate peers -- is the only way to reduce the rate of attempted sexual assaults .
This is better not only for women it is better for men who might otherwise rightfully face conviction and imprisonment and a lifelong spot on the sex offender registry .
In the comments someone made the excellent point that this type of rape prevention work needs to begin long before boys become men and go to college .
Not surprisingly several men used the comments to unintentionally demonstrate exactly why the rate of sexual assault on college campuses is so high .
beegeez1 wrote this comment :
The narrow focus of these campus awareness programs generally ignore the reality of these sexual interactions .
While some incidents are truly sex crimes , the vast majority fall into the far more fluid " gray rape " category where unintended sexual intercourse by mutual agreement becomes a " crime " upon sober reflection .
To categorize these types of unwanted incidents with actual crimes committed by vicious sexual predators is naive and ultimately minimizes the real victims of criminal sex assaults .
All sexual assaults ( rapes ) are not equally egregious , and not should all sexual " offenders " be treated on an equal basis .
Victims , indeed all people , must recognize that behavior has consequences .
The problem here for beegeez1 is not that these described programs ignore reality , but that they address reality in a way he rejects .
His last sentence demands that most rape victims see rape as a consequence of their behavior which fits perfectly with his desire to see most rapists treated as if they have not committed a sex crime .
If you follow his warped logic then in those non-egregious rape cases which are reported it is the rape victim who is the perpetrator and the non-egregious rapist becomes the victim .
The reality is that sexual intercourse cannot be both unintended and by mutual agreement .
If sex is unwanted then there was no genuine consent and at most coerced cooperation .
Beegeez1 's premise that all people must recognize that behavior has consequences is contradicted by his dismissal of non-egregious rapes .
Men who think and speak like Beegeez1 are providing informal peer education to other men right now on most if not all college campuses .
That 's why the rape prevention training described in this Star Tribune article is so urgently needed .
Rather than being honest and excusing most rapists for the benefit of those rapists , beegeez1 excuses most rapists from all legal accountability for the benefit of " real victims of criminal sex assaults . "
This is nonsense .
His desired action benefits only those who ignore genuine mutuality and do n't bother to get genuine legal consent .
Excusing non-egregious rapes provides moral support for all rapists , even the egregious ones .
Denying that there are , or should be , consequences for non-egregious rapists sets those rapists up to commit a serious crime .
Rapists who were incorrectly led to believe that they were within the limits of the law have been set up for a rightful report of rape .
That those who gave them this dangerous advice will likely champion them as wrongfully accused will be small compensation for the personal and legal consequences for having committed a non-egregious rape .
If beegeez1 's logic is sound then it must be applied to all non -sex crimes .
Currently non-egregious bank robbers are still criminals .
This is true even when the bank robbery is an inside job and classified as embezzlement where nobody ever feared for their safety .
The existence of bank robbers who murder bank employees in cold blood does n't in any way excuse the crime of stealing from a bank when that crime is not accompanied by physical injury or murder or the fear of these .
Yet that is exactly what many people want to see happen when rape is n't accompanied by other crimes like kidnapping , physical assault or attempted murder and does n't cause the victim to fear for her life .
If property crimes are n't nullified when they are n't accompanied by other crimes then there is no valid excuse for wanting a personal crime like rape to be nullified for this same reason .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : prevention
Pictured :
The baby pygmy hippo that brings new hope for the endangered species
They are usually thought of as large , lumbering – even intimidating – creatures .
But Monifa – the three - week - old pygmy hippo – will win over the even the greatest hippophobes .
Conservationists are excited about the arrival , which is the first birth of a pygmy hippo at Taronga zoo in Sydney , Australia , in 23 years .
Monifa - meaning ' I am lucky ' - is the first pygmy hippo to be born at Taronga Zoo in Syndey , Australia , in 23 years
The highly endangered animals , which come from the tropical forests of western Africa , grow to just a fifth of the size of their better known cousins .
It is estimated there are fewer than 3000 left in the wild .
Important : Monifa 's zookeeper said that pygmy hippos are under threat in the wild due to wars , deforestation and pollution
Senior zookeeper Renae Zammit told ABC news that the birth of Monifa is extremely important .
‘ Their population is declining all the time with wars , deforestation and pollution , ’ she said .
‘ Every hippo that 's born in a zoo is helping to support the declining wild population . ’
Ms. Zammit said Monifa had a difficult first few weeks of life .
Struggle : Zookeepers have cared for Monifa for her first three weeks of life after a difficult breech birth
Endangered :
It is estimated there are less than 3,000 pygmy hippos left in their natural habitat , the tropical forests of West Africa
‘ She should have been up and running within the first hour of her life but she was actually quite weak and could n't stand up so we had to step in and help her and supply food , ' said Ms. Zammit .
‘ We would obviously have wanted her mother to raise her , but she definitely would have died if we did n't step in . ’
Pygmy hippos are reclusive and nocturnal .
Along with their much larger cousins , the common hippopotamuses , they are the only hippo species in the world .
Pygmy hippos are semi-aquatic and need to live near water to keep their skin moisturised and their body cool .
They sometimes even mate and give birth in water .
Pygmy hippos are plant - eating mammals , feeding on ferns , broad - leaved plants , grasses and fruits they find in the forest .
View video footage of Monifa , the baby pygmy hippo , here ...
Investigation into Palin Now on Fast Track Sources tell ABC
News that report will be released almost three weeks early .
September 5 , 2008  -- ABC
News has exclusively learned that Alaska Senator Hollis French will announce today that he is moving up the release date of his investigation into whether Gov. Sarah Palin abused her office to get the Alaska public safety commissioner , Walt Monegan , fired .
The results of the investigation were originally scheduled for release Oct. 31 but will now come almost three weeks earlier , according to sources .
The announcement is set for 9 a.m. AKDT time .
The Alaska state senator running an investigation of Gov. Palin had accused the McCain campaign of using stall tactics to prevent him from releasing his final report by Oct. 31 , four days before the November election .
" It 's likely to be damaging to the Governor 's administration , " said Senator Hollis French , a Democrat , appointed the project manager for a bi-partisan State Senate Legislative Counsel Committee investigation .
Palin , who has denied any wrongdoing and has said she has nothing to hide , has hired private lawyers to represent her in the matter .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) -- News Corp. said Wednesday that its fiscal first - quarter profit fell 30 % on losses related to its investment in a German pay - TV operator and comparisons with year - earlier results that included contributions from DirecTV and Gemstar - TV Guide , which have since been divested .
Due to the economic crisis and its impact on TV - and newspaper - advertising sales , News Corp .
Chief Financial Officer Dave DeVoe told analysts that the company now expects fiscal 2009 operating income to drop by a percentage in the low to middle teens from $ 5.13 billion in fiscal 2008 .
The media conglomerate NWS NWS , - 3.57 % ( NWS ) said that it earned $ 515 million , or 20 cents a share , compared with a profit of $ 732 million or 23 cents a share in the first fiscal quarter of 2008 .
Revenue rose 6.3 % to $ 7.51 billion .
On average , analysts polled by FactSet Research expected News Corp. to report a profit of 23 cents a share on sales of $ 7.66 billion .
Commenting during a conference call , Chairman Rupert Murdoch said he does n't expect the administration of President - elect Barack Obama to spearhead an effort to " break up existing media companies , " but added that under " under any Democratic attorney general ... mergers will get a much less friendly reception . "
Also during the call , Murdoch said News Corp. is having no discussions with Yahoo YHOO , Microsoft MSFT , - 1.04 % or AOL TWX , about possible deals .
Each of those companies is reported to be seeking ways to gain a larger share of the online ad market .
News Corp. needs to place more emphasis on subscription - based businesses to weather environments like the current one , said Murdoch .
" We see in the cable channels the great benefits of the twin revenues coming from the subscribers and advertisers .
We will be looking to start new channels where there are opportunities , and we certainly see that on a big scale internationally . "
However , the company is unlikely to make a major move " until there 's more visibility " into the near - term future of the financial markets , Murdoch said .
Operating income at the TV division fell 70 % to $ 54 million on the divestiture of eight TV stations , lower ad sales at the company 's remaining owned - and - operated TV stations and a decreased contribution from Asia - based Star TV .
Local ad sales have been dismal at television stations across the United States , as a direct result of the economic downturn .
News Corp. Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin said there seems to be more ad weakness on the East Coast , Texas , and the West Coast .
" The real estate market is maybe a little worse in the suburbs of the large markets .
That affects us , " he said .
Chernin and Murdoch said the company feels comfortable with the 27 TV stations in its portfolio , which includes outlets in such top markets as New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Philadelphia , and Boston .
" I think you want big , strong affiliates , particularly in those big markets , in order to maximize the strength of the company 's television business . "
Fiscal first - quarter cable - network operating income , from such channels as FX , Fox News Channel and the regional Fox Sports networks , rose 31 % to $ 379 million on improved results at Fox News , the sports networks , the Big Ten Network and the Fox International Channels .
Revenue climbed 19 % to $ 1.31 billion .
Newspaper and information - services income revenue climbed 37 % to $ 1.71 billion , driven by the company 's December 2007 acquisition of Dow Jones & Co. , which includes The Wall Street Journal , Dow Jones Newswires , Barron's , Factiva and MarketWatch , the publisher of this report .
Operating income rose to $ 134 million from $ 93 million , as lower depreciation expense was partially offset by decreased ad revenue from the United Kingdom and Australia .
Murdoch said The Journal 's online edition is " the big profit measure " of the Journal franchise .
" It 's the one Website you can charge for , and people are happy to pay for it , " he said .
" There 's probably $ 100 million in subscriptions there .
Certainly there is over $ 100 million in advertising on that one Website . "
News Corp. still plans to put " even more emphasis than normal " on international expansion plans at Dow Jones , Murdoch added .
Operating income at the company 's film and television studios fell 31 % to $ 251 million .
A year earlier , the quarter was lifted by the box - office performance of " The Simpsons Movie " and " Live Free or Die Hard . "
Chernin says News Corp. is comfortable with the number of its yearly movie releases , though other studios have cut back to fewer theatrical titles .
He added that in the past three or four weeks , the company has begun to see a decline in DVD sales , though most of that drop - off has been affecting other studios .
" We are a little cautious today about the DVD business , " Chernin said .
In the category News Corp. classifies as " other , " which includes the social - networking site MySpace , the company saw an operating loss of $ 101 million , compared with a loss of $ 43 million a year earlier .
The greater loss reflects lower contributions from pay - TV technology provider NDS and the company 's Eastern European TV stations .
At Fox Interactive Media , revenue rose 17 % on advertising - and search - revenue growth at MySpace .
Chernin offered a note of cautious optimism about the site 's ad growth .
" We are beginning to see some softening at the end of this calendar year and looking into the first couple of quarters next year , " he remarked .
" I still believe we are doing slightly better than the marketplace . "
News Corp .'s nonvoting shares fell $ 1.09 , or 10 % , to close at $ 9.79 ahead of the announcement on Wednesday .
JERUSALEM  Click on the Russian - language version of the campaign Web site of Benjamin Netanyahu , the conservative Likud leader running for prime minister of Israel , and up pops a picture of him with Barack Obama .
On the Hebrew version , Mr. Obama is not pictured .
But he is , in fact , everywhere .
The colors , the fonts , the icons for donating and volunteering , the use of videos , and the social networking Facebook - type options  including Twitter , which hardly exists in Israel  all reflect a conscious effort by the Netanyahu campaign to learn from the Obama success .
“ Imitation is the greatest form of flattery , ” noted Ron Dermer , one of Mr. Netanyahu ’s top campaign advisers .
“ We ’re all in the same business , so we took a close look at a guy who has been the most successful and tried to learn from him .
And while we will not use the word ‘ change ’ in the same way in our campaign , we believe Netanyahu is the real candidate of change for Israel . ”
Those who created the Obama Web site , including Thomas Gensemer , managing partner of Blue State Digital , say the Netanyahu site is closer to Mr. Obama ’s than any others they have seen .
By David Willey
BBC News , Rome
Dozens of parents complained after the priest let out the Santa secret A Catholic priest has been criticised by parents in a city in northern Italy for telling their children that Father Christmas does not really exist .
Father Dino Bottino , the parish priest of the Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Novara , let out the secret at a children 's mass earlier this month .
A local paper published complaints from dozens of parents .
" You 've ruined my children 's Christmas , " said one mother .
But an unrepentant Fr Bottino called it his duty to set the record straight .
" I told the children that Father Christmas was an invention that had nothing to do with the Christian Christmas story , " he said .
" And I would repeat it again , if I had the chance , " he added .
But Father Dino could not have imagined the scorn that would be heaped upon him after he told children at mass that neither Father Christmas - nor the kindly witch called the Befana who provides presents on 6 January to Italian children - really exist .
The priest said he had never intended to hurt anyone , but it was his duty to distinguish the reality of Jesus from the story of Father Christmas which was a fable just like Cinderella or Snow White .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Notwithstanding the cardboard Santas who seem to have arrived in stores this year near Halloween , the holiday season starts in seven days with Thanksgiving .
And so it will come to pass once again that many people will spend four weeks biting on tongues lest they say " Merry Christmas " and perchance , give offense .
Christmas , the holiday that dare not speak its name .
This year we celebrate the desacralized " holidays " amid what is for many unprecedented economic ruin -- fortunes halved , jobs lost , homes foreclosed .
People wonder , ...
Banks are responding to the troubled economy by jacking up fees on their checking accounts to record amounts .
Last week , Citigroup Inc.'s Citibank started charging some customers a new $ 10 " overdraft protection transfer fee " to transfer money from a savings account or line of credit to cover a checking - account shortfall .
Citibank had already raised foreign - exchange transaction fees on its debit cards and added minimum opening deposit requirements for its checking accounts .
Over the past year , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.'s Chase , Bank of America Corp. , and Wells Fargo & Co. have boosted the fees they charge noncustomers who use their automated teller machines to as much as $ 3 per transaction .
With all these changes , the average costs of checking - account fees , including ATM surcharges , bounced - check fees and monthly service fees have hit record highs , according to a new study by research firm Bankrate Inc .
Depositors are also paying more for extra services .
In July , for example , Comerica Inc. 's Comerica Bank raised fees in Michigan for customers who want to stop payments or get a cashier 's check .
Last year , PNC Financial Services Group Inc.'s PNC
Bank introduced a processing charge of $ 3 for customers who use their debit card to get a cash advance at a teller window .
Along with the tough economy and higher credit costs , another factor prompting banks to cut costs and raise fees and loan rates is a Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
proposal to increase the rates banks pay for deposit insurance starting next year in order to help replenish its reserves .
If that rule change is approved , experts say , banks will probably pass on more of those higher costs to consumers by raising fees and boosting the minimum balances required to avoid fees .
Workers pack up the McCain - Palin campaign headquarters in Anchorage .
Aides to McCain on Wednesday disclosed new details about Palins expensive wardrobe purchases and other conflicts .
( Al Grillo / Associated Press )
WYMeditor : web - based XHTML editor
Overview
WYMeditor is a web - based WYSIWYM ( What You See Is What You Mean ) XHTML editor ( not WYSIWYG ) .
WYMeditor 's main concept is to leave details of the document 's visual layout , and to concentrate on its structure and meaning , while trying to give the user as much comfort as possible ( at least as WYSIWYG editors ) .
WYMeditor has been created to generate perfectly structured XHTML strict code , to conform to the W3C XHTML specifications and to facilitate further processing by modern applications .
With WYMeditor , the code can't be contaminated by visual informations like font styles and weights , borders , colors , ...
The end - user defines content meaning , which will determine its aspect by the use of style sheets .
The result is easy and quick maintenance of information .
As the code is compliant to W3C XHTML specifications , you can for example process it using a XSLT ( at the client or the server side ) , giving you a wide range of applications .
Why WYMeditor ?
Do you modify your website using a content management system ( CMS ) ?
Do you allow your clients to modify their website with a CMS ?
If yes , you have certainly met de difficult choice of a web - based ( X) HTML editor .
You may have tried a full - featured WYSIWYG editor , but you apprehend that your clients use it inappropriately , with the risk it degenerates visually and on the code quality .
editor , but you apprehend that your clients use it inappropriately , with the risk it degenerates visually and on the code quality .
You may also have tried the BBcode syntax , Markdown or the wiki - style syntax , but you do n't want to force your clients to solutions that are too technical / complex for them , even if it tends to generate good quality code .
WYMeditor brings a new approach and a set of simple solutions which allow for a very easy to use editor , while still producing clean XHTML code .
Thanks to its original approach it remains clear and easy to learn .
A one - hour training and it's the beginning of clean updates made by the end user .
How can I contribute ?
If you like WYMeditor and the freedom it brings to the web developer , do n't hesitate to give some help .
WYMeditor is Free / Open Source Software , which means anyone can use it and contribute .
It also means community support is important to make it a really solid and long - lasting project .
Any help and feedback is welcome , either on GitHub , or on the forum .
Applications using WYMeditor
WYMeditor has been integrated in many open or proprietary applications , such as :
License
WYMeditor is dual licensed under the Open Source MIT and GPL licenses .
I was racing through the supermarket the other day trying to get my Christmas shopping out of the way .
I would have been finished in record time had I not been held up at the checkout line because the bozo ahead of me decided to return something .
I began to sigh loudly and roll my eyes until I realised that the bozo in question was a young mother obliged to return a pack of chocolate chip cookies she tried to purchase with her food stamps .
I tried not to catch her eye while the cashier recalculated her purchases without the cookies .
( Her little boy did n't look too happy . )
She was still $ 1.27 short on her food stamp card , but there did n't seem to be anything else she could spare .
She dug into her purse and managed to put together the required sum with dimes and nickels .
She smiled at me red - faced as her bags were packed .
But I was the one who was more embarrassed .
I had been held up in a similar fashion a few days before in the same supermarket .
On that occasion , the perpetrator had to return a bottle of orangeade .
Her children were not too happy about it either .
I can't help thinking about what sort of Christmas these women and their families are going to have if a packet of chocolate chip cookies and a bottle of orangeade are beyond their reach .
I told a friend that I may end up on food stamps myself next year if I can't write my way out of my own financial quagmire .
He was highly amused and said he hoped they had a second tier of food stamps for people who enjoy champagne and caviar .
It turns out you cannot buy champagne on food stamps , or any kind of alcohol for that matter .
You can buy orangeade and chocolate chip cookies , though , and if you are really frugal and save up your food stamps for many weeks , you might even be able to afford caviar .
You can buy any kind of food as long as it's not prepared like restaurant food or heated .
The snag is that with an average food stamp allowance of $ 24 per person per week , you can't really buy much of anything .
I hope I never end up on food stamps .
If I were obliged to reduce my appetite to accommodate a budget of $ 24 a week , I would definitely be in need of something stronger than orangeade to take my mind off the situation .
Back in October 2000 , just before he was elected president , George Bush described his base as " the haves and the have mores . "
The remark was made in jest at the annual Al Smith Black
Tie dinner , but the joke turned out to be on all those people who used to have just about enough , and who now , eight years later , have next to nothing .
According to government data , as of September , 31.5 million Americans were using the food stamp programme , up 17 % from the previous year .
That 's 10 % of the US population .
These are staggering figures .
They bring to mind another staggering figure I recently came across that I have been unable to remove from my subconscious .
It is $ 163,987,000 – the salary that Henry Paulson , now secretary of the US Treasury , took home in 2006 for his services as CEO of Goldman Sachs .
Two years later , Goldman Sachs required a massive bail - out from taxpayers .
Many of these taxpayers may soon be applying for food stamps .
When Paulson sits down to his sumptuous Christmas feast , paid for with some of the spoils from that nine - figure salary , I hope he will he spare a thought for the 10 % of Americans who have barely enough to eat .
I 'm sure that if he ever witnessed first hand the humiliation of a person unable to pay for their food at a supermarket checkout , he would feel compelled to redistribute his millions among the 31.5 million food stamp recipients .
Maybe then they could afford a decent Christmas dinner next year .
Deadheads in the Vanguard of Science
A legally obtainable medical formula with marijuana components may actually help Alzheimer 's patients retain or enhance their memory , according to researchers at Ohio State University , led by Gary Wenk and Yannick Marchalant .
THC , or tetrahydrocannabinol , is an active ingredient which appears to ease chronic inflammation in the brain associated with the development of memory loss .
Presented at the 2008 Society of Neuroscience meeting in Washington , D.C. , the researchers noted that once memory impairment is evident , the treatment would not be effective .
It is still true that excessive use of marijuana can cause short - term memory loss and have other side effects .
The scientists advocate the development of neural pathway agonists that mimic the effect of THC through a legal , synthetic formulation .
Labels : alzheimers , cannabis , marchalant , marijuana , neuroscience , THC , wenk
Friends and foes have called Cuba many things - a progressive beacon , a quixotic underdog , an oppressive tyranny - but no one has called it lucky , until now .
Mother nature , it emerged this week , appears to have blessed the island with enough oil reserves to vault it into the ranks of energy powers .
The government announced there may be more than 20bn barrels of recoverable oil in offshore fields in Cuba 's share of the Gulf of Mexico , more than twice the previous estimate .
If confirmed , it puts Cuba 's reserves on par with those of the US and into the world 's top 20 .
Drilling is expected to start next year by Cuba 's state oil company Cubapetroleo , or Cupet .
" It would change their whole equation .
The government would have more money and no longer be dependent on foreign oil , " said Kirby Jones , founder of the Washington - based US - Cuba Trade Association .
" It could join the club of oil exporting nations . "
" We have more data .
I 'm almost certain that if they ask for all the data we have , ( their estimate ) is going to grow considerably , " said Cupet 's exploration manager , Rafael Tenreyro Perez .
Havana based its dramatically higher estimate mainly on comparisons with oil output from similar geological structures off the coasts of Mexico and the US .
Cuba 's undersea geology was " very similar " to Mexico 's giant Cantarell oil field in the Bay of Campeche , said Tenreyro .
A consortium of companies led by Spain 's Repsol had tested wells and were expected to begin drilling the first production well in mid-2009 , and possibly several more later in the year , he said .
Cuba currently produces about 60,000 barrels of oil daily , covering almost half of its needs , and imports the rest from Venezuela in return for Cuban doctors and sports instructors .
Even that barter system puts a strain on an impoverished economy in which Cubans earn an average monthly salary of $ 20 .
Subsidised grocery staples , health care and education help make ends meet but an old joke - that the three biggest failings of the revolution are breakfast , lunch and dinner - still does the rounds .
Last month hardships were compounded by tropical storms that shredded crops and devastated coastal towns .
" This news about the oil reserves could not have come at a better time for the regime , " said Jonathan Benjamin - Alvarado , a Cuba energy specialist at the University of Nebraska .
However there is little prospect of Cuba becoming a communist version of Kuwait .
Its oil is more than a mile deep under the ocean and difficult and expensive to extract .
The four - decade - old US economic embargo prevents several of Cuba 's potential oil partners - notably Brazil , Norway and Spain - from using valuable first - generation technology .
" You 're looking at three to five years minimum before any meaningful returns , " said Benjamin - Alvarado .
Even so , Cuba is a master at stretching resources .
President Raul Castro , who took over from brother Fidel , has promised to deliver improvements to daily life to shore up the legitimacy of the revolution as it approaches its 50th anniversary .
Cuba 's unexpected arrival into the big oil league could increase pressure on the next administration to loosen the embargo to let US oil companies participate in the bonanza and reduce US dependency on the middle east , said Jones .
" Up until now the embargo did not really impact on us in a substantive , strategic way .
Oil is different .
It 's something we need and want . "
Rahm Emanuel Had Direct Talks With Blagojevich About Empty Senate Seat
When news broke about Illinois Governor Blagojevich attempting to sell president - elect Obama ’s senate seat to the highest bidder Barack Obama emphatically denied that nobody on his staff had ANY conversations with Blagojevich about the senate seat .
I know I have written that same exact statement before , but I ca n’t emphasize it enough .
He said that NOBODY on his staff had ANY conversations about the senate vacancy with the corrupt governor of Illinois .
When it was found out that Rahm Emanuel DID speak to Blagojevich Obama went into spin mode .
A source with the Obama camp strongly denied Emanuel spoke with the governor directly about the seat , saying Emanuel only spoke with Blagojevich once recently to say he was taking the chief of staff post .
But then word came that not only did Rahm Emanuel have A conversation with Blagojevich he had TWENTY ONE conversations with him .
It appears as if Emanuel was deeply involved in “ persuading ” Blagojevich ” to chose the candidate that Barack Obama approved of .
More involved than either he or Obama have led us to believe .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s incoming chief of staff Rahm Emanuel had a deeper involvement in pressing for a U.S. Senate seat appointment than previously reported , the Sun -Times has learned .
Emanuel had direct discussions about the seat with Gov. Blagojevich , who is is accused of trying to auction it to the highest bidder .
Rahm Emanuel is n’t accused of any wrong - doing here , and I am not accusing him either .
But what I find disturbing is how president - elect Obama has no problem standing on the podium and blatantly lying about this whole situation .
Barack Obama knew that Emanuel was contacting Blago about the senate seat and he stood up there and lied to us .
If he did n’t know that Emaneul was in contact with Blago about the senate seat then he should fire him for sneaking around behind his back .
If he did know than this is not “ change we can believe in ” it ’s more like “ the more things change , the more they stay the same . ”
Either way , Rahm Emanuel needs to step down .
Generally , the purpose of breathing meditation is to calm the mind and develop inner peace .
We can use breathing meditations alone or as a preliminary practice to reduce our distractions before engaging in a Lamrim meditation
A Simple Breathing Meditation
The first stage of meditation is to stop distractions and make our mind clearer and more lucid .
This can be accomplished by practising a simple breathing meditation .
We choose a quiet place to meditate and sit in a comfortable position .
We can sit in the traditional cross -legged posture or in any other position that is comfortable .
If we wish , we can sit in a chair .
The most important thing is to keep our back straight to prevent our mind from becoming sluggish or sleepy .
The first stage of meditation is to stop distractions and make our mind clearer and more lucid .
We sit with our eyes partially closed and turn our attention to our breathing .
We breathe naturally , preferably through the nostrils , without attempting to control our breath , and we try to become aware of the sensation of the breath as it enters and leaves the nostrils .
This sensation is our object of meditation .
We should try to concentrate on it to the exclusion of everything else .
At first , our mind will be very busy , and we might even feel that the meditation is making our mind busier ; but in reality we are just becoming more aware of how busy our mind actually is .
There will be a great temptation to follow the different thoughts as they arise , but we should resist this and remain focused single - pointedly on the sensation of the breath .
If we discover that our mind has wandered and is following our thoughts , we should immediately return it to the breath .
We should repeat this as many times as necessary until the mind settles on the breath .
Benefits of Meditation
If we practise patiently in this way , gradually our distracting thoughts will subside and we will experience a sense of inner peace and relaxation .
Our mind will feel lucid and spacious and we will feel refreshed .
When the sea is rough , sediment is churned up and the water becomes murky , but when the wind dies down the mud gradually settles and the water becomes clear .
In a similar way , when the otherwise incessant flow of our distracting thoughts is calmed through concentrating on the breath , our mind becomes unusually lucid and clear .
We should stay with this state of mental calm for a while .
Even though breathing meditation is only a preliminary stage of meditation , it can be quite powerful .
We can see from this practice that it is possible to experience inner peace and contentment just by controlling the mind , without having to depend at all upon external conditions .
So much of the stress and tension we normally experience comes from our mind
When the turbulence of distracting thoughts subsides and our mind becomes still , a deep happiness and contentment naturally arises from within .
This feeling of contentment and well - being helps us to cope with the busyness and difficulties of daily life .
So much of the stress and tension we normally experience comes from our mind , and many of the problems we experience , including ill health , are caused or aggravated by this stress .
Just by doing breathing meditation for ten or fifteen minutes each day , we will be able to reduce this stress .
We will experience a calm , spacious feeling in the mind , and many of our usual problems will fall away .
Difficult situations will become easier to deal with , we will naturally feel warm and well disposed towards other people , and our relationships with others will gradually improve .
Apple on Monday released an update for Mac OS X Leopard that fixes almost 40 issues related to the operating system .
The update improves Safari compatibility with Web proxy servers , improved reliability of Time Machine with Time Capsule and fixed a bug that could cause Time Machine to state the backup volume could not be found .
The update also improves printing under CS3 and improves printing for users of USB - based Brother and Canon printers .
A big change has been made for users of Apple ’s MobileMe syncing service .
According to Apple , contacts , calendars , and bookmarks on a Mac automatically sync within a minute of the change being made on the computer , another device , or the web at me.com .
Apple ’s Mail app fixes an issue that could prevent Mail from quitting and improves reliability when printing PDF attachments .
An iChat issues that caused pasting text from Microsoft Office has been resolved .
A big that could cause an encryption alert to appear in the chat window has also been fixed .
The update includes a critical update for Adobe ’s Flash Player , fixing bugs that were disclosed last month .
( Apple also tackled that problem in \a separate security update for Tiger users . )
Mac OS X 10.5.6 also includes patches for several Mac OS libraries , the operating system kernel , and system utilities such as the BOM ( Bill of Materials ) archiving software .
In total , 21 bugs are patched in the update .
Many of the flaws could possibly be exploited to run unauthorized software on a victim 's PC , but only the Adobe flaw had been publicly disclosed prior to Monday 's patches , said Andrew Storms , director of security operations at nCircle Network Security .
The timing of Apple 's patches is noteworthy , Storms said .
That 's because cybercriminals often like to launch attacks in December , when IT staff are on vacation and computer emergency response teams are often slower to respond to threats .
Over the weekend , Microsoft warned that it had seen a spike in attacks targeting an unpatched flaw in Internet Explorer , and security experts expect more such attacks as the holidays approach .
“ It ’s not a month we can let our guards down , ” he said .
Mac OS X Leopard 10.5.6 can be downloaded from the software update mechanism in Mac OS X or from the company ’s Web site .
Robert McMillan of IDG News Service contributed to this report .
Updated at 12:17 p.m. to include information about the update for Adobe ’s Flash Player from IDG News Service .
America 's Overnight Sensation Joe the Plumber Owes $ 1,200 in Taxes
The state of Ohio has a lien on Joe the Plumber for nearly $ 1,200 in taxes .
Oct. 16 , 2008  --
And the winner of the final presidential debate was … Joe the Plumber .
The suddenly famous Joe the Plumber , whose real name is Sam Joe Wurzelbacher , was invoked 23 times by John McCain and Barack Obama as they battled for the hearts and minds of voters during Wednesday night 's debate .
" It floored me .
It 's not something I expected ever , " Wurzelbacher said in an exclusive interview with Diane Sawyer on " Good Morning America . "
" My son is digging it .
It 's kind of neat . "
Wurzelbacher has become the focal point of the presidential election because of his objections to Obama 's plan to boost taxes on people who earn more than $ 250,000 .
Ironically , the plumber currently has an income level that would make him eligible for Obama 's proposed tax cut rather than the tax increase .
Wurzelbacher said he did n't give any interviews before Wednesday 's debate because he was busy fixing a water main break at a gas station and " I was muddy and soaking wet . "
Wurzelbacher said he had a couple of plumbing jobs scheduled for today and hoped he would get more calls before the day was out .
He will need the money .
Wurzelbacher 's new notoriety has brought to light the fact that he owes nearly $ 1,200 in unpaid taxes .
" There is a judgment lien against him for nonpayment of income tax , " Barb Losie , deputy clerk of the Lucas County Court of Common Pleas , told ABCNews.com .
" The state files hundreds of liens a day .
It means he owes that money . "
Losie said Wurzelbacher owes $ 1,182 from January 2007 , but no action has been taken against him outside of filing the lien .
" There is no judge pulled , there is no attorney assigned ...
There is a 99 percent chance he does n't know about the lien , unless he did a credit report or was ready to pay his taxes , " Losie said .
A second lien has been filed in the courhouse against Wurzelbacher for $ 1,261 that he apparently owes St. Charles Mercy Hospital .
That lien was filed in March 2007 .
Joe the Plumber Bashes Obama Tax Plan
The Ohio plumber of 15 years came into the spotlight Sunday when he met Obama as the Democratic senator campaigned in Toledo , Ohio .
Wurzelbacher questioned Obama about his plan to increase taxes for incomes of more than $ 250,000 .
Wurzelbacher told Obama he was trying to buy a plumbing business that would put him in that tax bracket and wondered how much he would be taxed if he acquired it .
When asked whether the McCain campaign had told him he would be a prominent part of the debate and whether McCain 's people had approached him before he met Obama , Wurzelbacher was unclear .
" Oh no .
No one 's contacted me as far as being on the debate or as far as my name being used , " Wurzelbacher said .
" I have been contacted by them and asked to show up at a rally , but other than that , I just happened to be there and Barack Obama showed up . "
When Obama was quizzed by Wurzelbacher , the plumber quickly became one of the most recognized faces of the campaign and a forceful voice on taxing higher income brackets .
" Not that I do n't want to be taxed , " Wurzelbacher told " GMA . "
" You have to be taxed .
Just because you work a little harder to have a little bit more money taken from you , I mean , that 's scary .
I worked hard for it .
Why should I be taxed more than other people ? "
He was even more passionate when he explained his objections to ABC News ' " Nightline " shortly after the debate ended .
" To be honest with you , that infuriates me , " Wurzelbacher told " Nightline . "
" It 's not right for someone to decide you made too much -- that you 've done too good and now we 're going to take some of it back . "
" That 's just completely wrong , " he added .
Wurzelbacher conceded today that he is not in danger of being hit with the higher tax rate .
He acknowledged that he wants to buy a plumbing company for $ 250,000 to $ 280,000 .
That would n't be how much profit he would make from the firm .
He would make much less , he said .
That would seem to indicate that Wurzelbacher would not be subject to Obama 's proposed tax increase from 36 percent to 39 percent for those making more than $ 250,000 per family .
Instead , he would be eligible for a tax cut that Obama is proposing .
Nevertheless , the plumber said people should n't be " punished ' for success even if you become a billionaire .
" I do n't like it , " said Wurzelbacher .
" You know , me or -- you know , Bill Gates , I do n't care who you are .
If you worked for it , if it was your idea , and you implemented it , it 's not right for someone to decide you made too much . "
Debate Became Personal for Joe the Plumber
Wednesday night 's debate became very personal for Wurzelbacher .
" You were going to put him in a higher tax bracket , which was going to increase his taxes , which was going to cause him not to be able to employ people , which Joe was trying to realize the American dream , " McCain said to Obama .
The Arizona senator then looked directly into the TV camera and said : " Joe , I want to tell you , I 'll not only help you buy that business that you worked your whole life for and I 'll keep your taxes low and I 'll provide available and affordable health care for you and your employees .
And I will not stand for a tax increase on small - business income . "
Wurzelbacher would not reveal whom he 'll cast his ballot for Nov. 4 .
" That 's a personal decision .
Myself and the button I push will know that answer , " he said .
He encouraged voters to " be educated " before selecting a candidate .
" Do n't sit there and take someone else 's opinion .
Listen to them .
Find the information out for yourself , " Wurzelbacher said .
ABC News ' Chris Bury contributed to this report .
For Home Home & Home Office Deals Laptops Desktops & All - in- One PCs 2 - in - 1 PCs Alienware Gaming Monitors Electronics & Accessories For Business Small Business Deals Laptops & Ultrabooks ™ Desktops & All - in- One PCs Workstations Servers , Storage & Networking Monitors & Electronics Solutions & Services Support Product Support Knowledge Base Warranty & Contracts Service Requests Order Support Contact Us
They also created chaos by attacking several locations at once .
When the terrorists have the advantage of surprise , it really does not matter how well trained the counterterrorism forces are .
It takes a long time to figure out what is going on , to gather tactical intelligence and to launch a counterattack .
Image Credit ... Knickerbocker
No one should be aware of these facts more than the Israelis who in the 1970s endured a series of similar albeit less sophisticated attacks .
Hence , I have been very surprised to hear Israeli security experts criticizing the Indian response .
These experts probably forgot the devastating civilian death tolls of the attacks in Maalot in 1974 ( 22 Israeli high school students killed ) , at the Coastal Road in 1978 ( 37 murdered , including 13 children ) and at Misgav Am in 1980 ( two kibbutz members killed , one an infant ) .
These incidents all illustrated the extreme difficulty of rescuing hostages even when the attacked state has highly trained forces and a lot of experience .
Yes , Israel enjoyed a few successes that have been glorified around the world .
The most famous were the raids on hijacked planes in Lod , Israel , in 1972 and in Entebbe , Uganda , in 1976 .
But these two airport rescues cannot be compared with the events in Mumbai .
The Israeli success was due mainly to the fact that the terrorists involved were interested in negotiating , giving security forces the opportunity to gather intelligence , devise a rescue plan and take the hijackers by surprise .
Hostages and rescuers were killed in both cases .
Yet no security experts argued at the time that the Israeli forces were inadequately prepared or failed in their execution .
It is clear that the Indian security forces made some mistakes .
However , mistakes are inherent in such crises .
At the same time , given the complex nature of the attacks , it seems likely the death toll could have been much higher .
After the initial confusion , the Indians seem to have done a thorough job of gathering intelligence and carefully planning their counterattacks .
The execution itself was careful and thorough .
Israel and India both face a lasting terrorism challenge .
Yet , if I was asked to give India policy recommendations , I would be extremely cautious about advocating the Israeli approach .
Protecting a huge multiethnic , multireligious country like India is far more challenging than securing a rather homogeneous , tiny state like Israel .
Algorithms for Procedural Content Generation
An algorithm is a sequence of deterministic steps that results in something useful being done .
So PCG algorithm is one that either generates a large amount of content for a small investment of input data , or one that adds structure to random noise .
So here you will find the recipies of PCG .
They are categorized here by what they generate ( map vs sequence generation ) and also by the mindset behind their use ( see Ontogenetic vs Teleological for further discussion ) .
These are some high level concepts that you may find useful or intriguing as a part of writing code for procedural content .
A map requires values over a 2d or 3d grid .
It forms the space that a player occupies and interacts with .
Sometimes a group of things with a linear order to them is needed , whether notes in a song , letters in text , or numbers as parameters to other algorithms .
Ontogenetic algorithms attempt to duplicate the end result of a physical process without emulating the intermediate steps .
In this sense , they are an ad hoc algorithm instead of a simulation .
Contrast this with teleological .
See teleological vs ontogenetic for further discussion .
Teleological algorithms attempt to simulate the physical processes which result in the desired procedural output .
Teleological algorithms are inevitably an approximation , but can produce emergent or unusual results .
Contrast this with ontogenetic .
See teleological vs ontogenetic for further discussion .
There are often trade offs in time and space between different algorithms , as well as the applicability of the resulting output .
Uncategorized
Either these algorithms are hard to categorize , or nobody has placed the correct _concepts , comparison , _sequence_generation , _map_generation , ontogenetic , teleological or _hide_from_code_page tags .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Presidential candidate Barack Obama told supporters that he and they could " change the country and the world " if Democrats win Tuesday 's election .
He was speaking in Nevada during the last weekend of presidential campaigning .
Currency Risk Why The Dollar Is Getting Stronger
Strong demand for US debt , as well as general fear , are sending investors back to the greenback .
Von Stanley Reed
Basic Libel for Idiots
Original text by By Adam Porter , Year Zero , Dec 2002 .
( Updated and edits © urban75 , June 2009 )
Libel is the written word .
Slander is spoken .
There are two versions of defamation , libel and slander .
Libel is when the defamation is written down ( including email , bulletin boards and websites ) , and slander is when the incident relates to words spoken .
In the UK , if someone thinks that what you wrote about them is either defamatory or damaging , the onus will be entirely on you to prove that your comments are true in court .
In other words , if you make the claim , you 've got to prove it !
For example , if you said Peter Sutcliffe had never paid his TV licence in his life that would not be defamatory - or it is very unlikely to be .
However , if you said the same about TV boss Greg Dyke , that would be .
Why ?
Because Peter Sutcliffe 's reputation will not be damaged by the TV licence revelation ( he is after all a mass murderer ) .
Of course , his lawyers would still be free to bring the case to court , but it is very unlikely they would succeed .
Greg Dyke , on the other hand , runs the BBC , so to say he wilfully does n't pay his TV licence could have a seriously detrimental effect on his career .
He could be fired or his reputation damaged ( note : Dyke has now left the BBC ) .
It is not for the judge or jury ( at the outset ) to decide how damaged he is - they just have to confirm that such accusations are false and damaging .
Then the judge and / or jury decide on monetary damages .
These damages are weighed up using a number of methods .
How widespread was the news released ?
If it was plastered all over the UK 's biggest newspaper , then it would be more damaging than if the story ran on page 13 of the Grimthorpe Herald or on a rarely visited website .
However , if specific key people had seen the allegations then that can be different .
Let us say you emailed the top 200 managers and governors at the BBC about Mr Dyke never paying his TV licence .
That could be seriously defamatory .
It could easily affect Mr Dyke 's earnings ( one way of measuring damage is to see if earnings are lost as a result ) and / or mean that future employment could be difficult .
And it 's not just the person making the allegations who can fall foul of the libel laws .
If your offending article about Mr Dyke was published in Magazine X , you could be sued .
Magazine X can be sued .
The people who drove Magazine X from their depot to the newsstands can be sued ( the distributors ) .
The retailers can also be sued .
( see note )
Anyone who repeats allegations can also be sued .
This is important .
Seeing something written somewhere else does n't mean it is true .
Repeating allegations without making sure they are true is a very good way to get yourself knee deep in litigation .
For example , say you wrote an email to the top 200 managers and governors of the BBC about Mr Dyke never paying his licence .
That email is leaked to Magazine X who print it without making sure it is true .
Although the mail 's already been sent and read by all , by repeating the allegation they too are committing the same libel .
' Repetition is no defence ' say lawyers .
Because it is n't .
There are of course many grey areas .
A magazine lost a famous case against a TV company because , although specific allegations made by the magazine were true they implied that the people from the TV company were deliberately misleading the public .
The allegation that was defamatory was not that certain facts were omitted by the TV people , but that they had deliberately set out to mislead .
That was the defamatory part that lost the magazine people the case and their magazine .
To protect oneself is fairly easy .
Do n't make anything up .
Check sources .
Check again .
If something has been in the public domain for some time and no action has been taken then that means it becomes much harder for anyone to claim defamation .
If Mr Smith turns round in court and says , ' but two years ago this was published in Magazine Y and you did n't protest then , only when I put it in Magazine X , ' it is a strong line of defence .
You can't defame nicknames when people do n't know who they are .
So , if you spread the same Dyke TV licence allegations but called him Big Beardo McFluffy , he can't sue , even if he knows you are referring to him - unless other people know him by the same nickname .
On the internet the rules are exactly the same .
There are no special internet defences .
The only advantage is that web sites tend to have a smaller number of users , ( so less people see it hence it 's less defamatory so it 's rarely worth the bother of going to court ) and allegations can be removed promptly on protest from a defamed party .
On the web , the writer , the web site owner and the ISP can all be sued just like the writer , the magazine and the distributor in the print field .
A link could also be potentially defamatory if you are linking to defamatory material .
There is also a defence of ' fair comment ' which is somewhat vague but is basically there to stop someone being sued for saying they do n't like Marks & Spencer or McDonalds or Piers Morgan .
You are allowed to say that - even if you were a famous star or a very persuasive writer and it could damage them financially .
That 's the law .
However libel does not extend to the dead .
Nor is being abusive libelous .
So I can say " Keith Moon was a smackhead lover of the highest order " and it's no problem .
In fact I could say " every human who ever existed was a smack dealing , gun running , uncle fucker . "
This is completely okay .
That 's UK libel !
Note : After John Major sued Scallywag and New Statesman in 1989 he also sued all their distributors at the time .
Many stopped distributing ' political ' magazines like Scallywag and NS for fear of future law suits after this .
Most of those small distributors now work in pornography .
There are around 100 of them , none who work in politics .
The potential re-opening of the Major case in the light of Edwina Curie 's revelations have come too late to bring them back to the fold though .
Update 2006 : Expert warns of more chatroom libel awards
The Guardian , Wednesday March 22 , 2006
A landmark legal ruling ordering a woman to pay £ 10,000 in damages for defamatory comments posted on an internet chatroom site could trigger a rush of similar lawsuits , a leading libel lawyer warned today ....
... Although ISPs have paid out for hosting defamatory comments , this case is thought to be the first time an individual has been found to have committed libel on a internet chat site .
" The obvious and immediate potential ramification is that there will be more cases like this , " said Richard Shillito , a partner at the law firm Farrer & Co .
" One sees on these sites particularly unrestrained comments that people make in the heat of the moment without thinking of the legal consequences . "
" A lot of people post anonymously but it is possible to find out people 's identity .
I think people should read this judgment as a warning to be more careful about their comments . "
» Guardian story
Update 2009 : High Court ruling on bulletin board cases
The High Court has ruled that defamation on internet bulletin boards is akin to slander rather than libel .
Mr Justice Eady hearing a case regarding posts on an investors bulletin board ( or forum ) has said that such comments are not to be taken in the same context as a formal newspaper ( etc ) article and are more like slander due to the casual or conversational nature of them .
Mr Justice Eady stated that posts on bulletin boards " are rather like contributions to a casual conversation ( the analogy sometimes being drawn with people chatting in a bar ) which people simply note before moving on ; they are often uninhibited , casual and ill thought out ... Those who participate know this and expect a certain amount of repartee or ' give and take ' . "
As such " When considered in the context of defamation law , therefore , communications of this kind are much more akin to slanders ( this cause of action being nowadays relatively rare ) than to the usual , more permanent kind of communications found in libel actions ... People do not often take a ' thread ' and go through it as a whole like a newspaper article .
They tend to read the remarks , make their own contributions if they feel inclined , and think no more about it . "
Full article [ Reading Room ] .
External links :
Sheffield Wednesday can't unmask ' saloon - bar moaners ' , says libel judge ( Oct , 2007 )
Kicking off the debate about free speech ( BBC : Oct , 2007 )
Now for e-libel ( Guardian July 28 , 2003 )
Defamation Act 1996
UK defamation law
Defamation links
UKIP candidate wins £ 10,000 for internet libel ( March 2006 )
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has executed an Iranian businessman convicted of spying on the military for the Islamic Republic ’s arch foe Israel , the judiciary said on Saturday .
Ali Ashtari was hanged on Monday .
He was arrested in 2006 after working with Israel ’s foreign intelligence agency Mossad for three years , a judiciary statement said .
State television broadcast what it said was a confession .
Tensions have run high in recent months between Iran and Israel , which has not ruled out military strikes on the Islamic Republic if diplomatic efforts fail to resolve a row over Tehran ’s nuclear programme .
Israel , believed to be the only country in the Middle East with nuclear weapons , sides with the West in accusing Iran of seeking to build atomic weapons of its own .
Iran denies this , saying it wants to use nuclear power to generate electricity .
“ Ali Ashtari , an Iranian who spied for the Zionist regime of Israel , was hanged on Monday morning , ” the statement obtained by Reuters said .
It said he had been detained at the end of 2006 .
He was sentenced to death in June .
Iranian media had said at the time that Ashtari was a 43 - year - old manager of a company selling communications and security equipment to the Iranian government .
An Israeli government official said in June that Israel had no knowledge of the case .
Israel ’s Foreign Ministry was not immediately available for comment on the case on Saturday .
CONFESSION
“ Ashtari , during three years of cooperation with Mossad , had carried out a wide range of activities in favor of Mossad and on some occasions he succeeded in creating good conditions for Israelis , ” the judiciary said , without elaborating .
The statement said he had been given “ special equipment ” to contact Mossad .
He picked it up when he visited foreign companies at exhibitions abroad .
“ This spy also confessed that Mossad agents gave him names of some managers and experts from sensitive military centers so he could convince them to travel abroad and meet Israelis ... , ” the statement said .
State television showed Ashtari sitting down wearing an open necked shirt and sweater , delivering what a caption described as “ confessions of Mossad spy Ali Ashtari . ”
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ It was my mistake and perhaps I feared going to the Intelligence Ministry , and this fear was the reason why I kept choosing the wrong path , ” he said , speaking into the camera .
“ Do not repeat the mistakes that I made . ”
Iran has often broadcast confessions in the past from those accused of threatening state security .
Iran ’s ISNA news agency said that before his execution Ashtari described his cooperation with Israel and said he “ unintentionally ” fell into a trap .
He urged those involved in his line of business to be careful dealing with foreign firms and to consult the Intelligence Ministry , ISNA added .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Iran ’s Mehr News Agency said Ashtari ’s body had been handed over to his family and buried .
Iran ’s official news agency IRNA reported on Saturday that a group of four “ terrorists ” with “ Zionist equipment and methods ” were arrested in west Iran and said they were planning to carry out assassinations .
It did not say when they were detained .
Iran often accuses Israel and other foes , such as the United States , of trying to destabilize the Islamic Republic .
New York Congressman Gary Ackerman feasts upon a buffet of " delicious irony " as he asks the CEOs from the Not - So - Big Three to perhaps save some cash and fuel by using a single jet together rather than individual private jets from Detroit to D.C. to beg for bailout dollars from the Feds .
We even hear Reagan National 's got a diamond - festooned runway set up just for jetpoolers .
[ CNN ]
Advertisement
Clapping can be a great way of showing your appreciation , but it can also be rude if you clap at the wrong time .
In certain situations , it ’ll be obvious when to clap , but other times are more ambiguous .
Not sure when to clap ?
The best way to avoid an awkward situation is to wait to clap until you hear applause , then join in .
The most common purpose and moment for applause is when something great has just happened in public that deserves celebrating .
Speeches , athletic events , and concerts are all common places to clap .
Stop clapping when it starts to taper off .
As soon as the clapping starts to die down , it ’s ok to stop clapping .
Clapping is n’t a chance to interrupt a performance , it ’s a chance to celebrate it .
Get quiet with the crowd and do n't act silly .
It ’s also common to clap as a part of audience participation at some music events or concerts .
If the performance was particularly great , continue clapping and try to prompt the performer to come back out for one more song or routine .
At the very least , you might get another bow .
If , for some reason , you 're on stage being celebrated , clapping along with everyone else can be a nice , humble - looking maneuver , done properly .
Bow your head to acknowledge the thanks , then start clapping with everyone else .
If it goes on too long , give the cut sign and start your thank - yous .
The rules about clapping during classical performances will depend on the venue , the group of musicians playing , the director , and the piece .
It 's usually only common to applaud in between individual pieces , and in some cases in between particular movements of a longer piece .
In some cases , it 's only appropriate to clap to welcome the performer to the stage and to clap at the end of the performance .
7
Clap after music at some churches .
Traditionally , choral music is not applauded , and is to be appreciated in rapt and contemplative silence .
At more modern praise churches , on the other hand , it 's very common to applaud the performance after its given .
At Pentecostal churches , clapping is pretty much part of the sermon .
Every church will be different , so be observant and go with the flow .
Do n't be the first to clap at church , but join in if you hear the joyful sound .
The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation has turned to " tobacco detection canine " teams to sniff out workers sneaking away for a smoke .
Careless smoking by workers inside the former Deutsche Bank building is blamed for the Aug. 18 , 2007 , fire that killed two firefighters .
" This is just one part of the project team 's multifaceted approach to ensuring that all site regulations are strictly followed and enforced , " said LMDC spokesman Mike Murphy .
November 18 , 2008 Bush Administration ’s Rule Forces Truckers to Drive to Point of Exhaustion , Puts Motorists at Risk
Share Facebook
Twitter
Email
Nov. 18 , 2008
Bush Administration ’s Rule Forces Truckers to Drive to Point of Exhaustion , Puts Motorists at Risk
Statement of Joan Claybrook , President of Public Citizen *
At this point , in the 11th hour of the Bush administration , we were n’t holding out much hope that the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration ( FMCSA ) would suddenly change course and do the right thing when it comes to limiting the number of hours truckers may spend behind the wheel .
And true to its eight - year history of putting corporate profits above consumer protection , the Bush administration did n’t disappoint .
The rule that FMCSA released today governing the number of hours truckers can drive each day ( known as hours - of - service rules ) is practically identical to two rules that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia struck down last year and in 2004 after Public Citizen challenged the regulations .
FMCSA ’s rule , which ignores mountains of safety research , authorizes the exact same 11 - hours of driving and 34 - hour restart provisions of rules past – rules that the court deemed were inadequate .
Under the rule , drivers may continue to log a physically and mentally demanding 77 hours behind the wheel in a seven - day period , take a mere 34 hours off , then hit the road to do it all over .
In addition , drivers can be required to work 14 hours a day , which includes loading and unloading cargo .
The rule also fails to require electronic on - board recorders that are essential to assure effective enforcement of the rule .
This rule will continue to force truck drivers to continue enduring sweatshop - like working conditions .
This puts the health and safety of drivers at risk , along with the public who must share the road with tired truckers .
From 2003 to 2006 , the number of annual deaths among occupants of large trucks increased from 726 to 805 , according to the Department of Transportation .
Additionally , nearly 4,584 people were killed in 2007 in crashes involving large trucks , while another 76,000 were injured .
Research clearly shows the risk of a crash dramatically increases after eight hours of driving .
The Obama administration and the next Congress should add the hours - of - service rule to its list of wrong - headed Bush administration policies that should be rescinded .
The courts , the truckers ’ unions and consumer and safety advocates have pushed for a sensible rule to no avail .
For real change , it ’s time to put the safety of truckers and the motoring public first .
* Note : Joan Claybrook was administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration from 1977 - 1981 .
###
Elle Macpherson makes waves with her stunning body - and her surfing 's not bad either
Elle Macpherson is not just a pretty face .
The supermodel also appears to have have mastered the art of surfing .
Elle , 44 , stunned onlookers when she proved age has n't caught up with her yet as she surfed the waves on holiday in Australia .
Macsurfin : Elle Macpherson displays her surfing skills in Byron Bay , Australia , today
And the sport clearly helps her to stay in shape as she also displayed her long , lean legs in black bikini bottoms .
Later ,
Elle kicked back on shore , looking stunning in in a brown mini skirt and vest stop - but was sure to protect her skin from the sun with a trendy cowboy hat and sunglasses .
The active mother - of - two - known as the body - recently came under fire for cycling with her five - year - old son Aurelius Cy perched on her handlebars .
Body boarder : Surfing is Elle 's favourite way of staying in shape
But the Notting Hill resident maintained she has no plans to stop riding her bike .
‘ I do n’t know what all the fuss was about .
I love my children and would never put them in any danger .
' He was wearing a crash helmet and I was n’t going very fast , ’ the Australian said .
She added : ‘ I would never stop cycling .
' We have so much fun and , besides , it helps keeps me in shape . ’
Beach babe : Elle arrives at the beach carrying her surfboard ready for action
I had almost forgotten what a shit Yeats could be .
I do n't mean his flirtation with Italian fascism , which Conor Cruise O'Brien first publicised ; after all , Churchill was a bit enamoured of the younger Mussolini .
And Yeats remains one of my favourite poets .
No , what I am recalling – thanks to a wonderful book just published in Dublin – is his outrageous decision to expel the poetry of Wilfred Owen from the 1936 Oxford Book of Modern Verse .
" Passive suffering is not a theme for poetry , " the great man intoned .
And in a later letter , Yeats wrote : " When I omitted Owen , whom I consider unworthy of the poet 's corner of a country newspaper , I did not know I was excluding a revered sandwich - board of the revolution ...
He is all blood , dirt and sucked sugar - stick ...
There is every excuse for him , but none for those who like him . "
I am taken aghast by this arrogance .
For here is Yeats , safe in his Irish retreat , spitting out the mud of the trenches in which up to 35,000 Irish soldiers died between 1914 and 1918 , pissing on the young man who was shot by a sniper on the Ancre and who gave us the poetry which Benjamin Britten so memorably used in his magnificent War Requiem .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Even when confronted by the death in action of his own friend – Major Robert Gregory , accidentally shot down by Italian guns in 1918 – Yeats 's poem , the incredible " An Irish Airman Foresees His Death " , manages to avoid Gregory 's pro-British patriotism and imply that parochial loyalties ( " My country is Kiltartan Cross / My countrymen Kiltartan 's poor " ) led him to his death .
Our War : Ireland and the Great War , edited by John Horne and published by the Royal Irish Academy and RTE , the Irish state radio and television service , is the latest historical attempt to face up to those tens of thousands of young Irishmen who were fighting on the Western Front when a few hundred of their countrymen were rising up against the British in Dublin in 1916 .
Those long - dead soldiers were in the wrong uniform in the wrong war , fighting for the wrong country .
Or so it was supposed when the survivors came home to a nation which was demanding independence and freedom from the forces of the crown .
In a series of essays , the authors of Our War – originally Thomas Davis lectures ( an excellent Irish equivalent of the Reith lectures in Britain ) – show just how much the Great War affected Ireland .
Even in 1924 , after independence , 70,000 Irish men and women were in the streets of Dublin for Remembrance Sunday and those who were deprived of British pensions paid , literally , for their former patriotism to the King .
When Nurse Emily Harris wrote to him from Kingstown ( now Dun Laoghaire in County Dublin ) in 1926 – " it was Your Majesty 's loyal subject 's delight and privilege as a daughter of the British Empire during the late Great War to serve as an officer in Your Majesty 's Army '' – and pleaded for help in her post - war poverty , Downing Street briskly sent her letter on to the Taoiseach 's department in Dublin .
" I should be glad if , in any reply sent to Miss Harris , it may be made clear that her letter was , by His Majesty 's command , referred to the Government of the Irish Free State , " it stated .
When Margaret Freeman wrote from Phibsboro in Dublin , appealing to the Irish government for a pension for her 1914 - 18 ex-soldier husband , she received a tart reply from the Taoiseach 's office .
" I am to ... state that the question of an award of pension in respect of service in the World War of 1914 - 1918 would not be a matter for the Government of Ireland . "
Nurse Harris , by the way , was forced to sell all her possessions – " and your loyal subject 's heart is broken " – to survive .
Unlike the Brits , Irishmen came home to a country that was at war .
Stones were thrown at them in the streets .
Military medals were hidden away .
The Lutyens war memorial was allowed to decay , overgrown and ignored until recent years .
The 16th and 36th Divisions returned from the blood of the Somme , the first to be forgotten in post - war Dublin , the second to be remembered for ever as Protestant Ulster 's sacrifice for Britain .
Conscription was never attempted in Ireland and the massive loss of Irish life was one of the principal reasons Eamon de Valera ensured that the Irish Free State , as it was then called , remained neutral through the Second World War .
Having written my PhD thesis on Irish neutrality , I have to say that I think Dev was right .
Ireland might have suffered another civil war , although the propaganda which the British used against Dublin at this time has stuck like old mud on a new shoe .
I was brought up on tales of German U - boats skulking around Irish ports to receive fuel from anti-British villagers .
But I spent three months visiting every village on the Irish west coast and researching the Irish Coastwatching service archives and I can attest that no U - boat – ever – put in to an Irish port .
Just one man in Kerry told me that as a child , he gave food to a U - boat crew in Brandon Creek ; and a story that a U - boat captain surfaced off Dingle town with a shipwrecked Greek crew because he knew the mayor of Dingle was also false .
I know this because when I first wrote about the incident , the elderly Kriegsmarine submariner actually sent me a letter to say that he had rescued the crew ( of a ship called the Diamantes ) but never knew the mayor of Dingle .
Of course , by the Second World War , Ireland was isolated , watching the shadows on the wall of Plato 's cave , receiving the decaying corpses from the Battle of the Atlantic , trying to forget the greatest blood sacrifice of 1916 – on the Somme rather than in Dublin .
Our War will go a long way to recall the tide of Irish blood that drifted ashore at Gallipoli and broke the hearts of more than just Nurse Harris .
Every Englishman and woman should read it .
Tweezers hold the device used to test MIT 's new components for microbatteries ( batteries themselves are invisible in this image ) .
Tiny futuristic batteries will be half the size of a human cell and built with viruses , researchers announced today .
Engineers at MIT have developed two of the three parts of such microbatteries .
They could be used to power implantable medical sensors or laboratories the size of computer chips , among other small things .
The could also be integrated with other living things in ways not yet envisioned .
The tiny power packs would be stamped or printed right onto the surface of a device .
" To our knowledge , this is the first instance in which microcontact printing has been used to fabricate and position microbattery electrodes and the first use of virus - based assembly in such a process , " write MIT professors Paula T. Hammond , Angela M. Belcher , Yet - Ming Chiang and colleagues in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The team has built and tested two of the three components needed .
The technique itself " does not involve any expensive equipment , and is done at room temperature , " Belcher said .
Batteries consist of two opposite electrodes — an anode and cathode — separated by an electrolyte .
In the current work , the MIT team created both the anode and the electrolyte .
First , on a clear , rubbery material the team used a common technique called soft lithography to create a pattern of tiny posts either four or eight millionths of a meter in diameter .
On top of these posts , they then deposited several layers of two polymers that together act as the solid electrolyte and battery separator .
Next came viruses that self - assemble atop the polymer layers on the posts , ultimately forming the anode .
The result : a stamp of tiny posts , each covered with layers of electrolyte and the cobalt oxide anode .
" Then we turn the stamp over and transfer the electrolyte and anode to a platinum structure , " that , together with lithium foil , is used for testing , Hammond explained .
The team now aims to create the third part of a full battery — the cathode — using the viral assembly technique .
" We 're also interested in integrating [ the batteries ] with biological organisms , " Belcher said .
This work was funded by the Army Research Office and the David and Lucille Packard Foundation .
Comedian , songwriter and actor Isy Suttie has been a fixture on the comedy circuit for many years and is a regular at our annual Christmas benefit .
She plays Mark ’s kooky girlfriend Dobby in Channel 4 ’s Peep Show , and will appear in the new series of Shameless .
We meet her
Photo : Job Koelewijn - via KNAW Pressphoto
Dutch artist Job Koelewijn sure knows how to make an awesome bookcase .
Behold his lemniscate ( look it up ) bookshelf that represents the infinite power of books and learnin ' - via Book Patrol
The pizza firm has made headlines before for its controversial adverts A New Zealand pizza chain has withdrawn a Halloween promotion that showed skeleton animations of three deceased celebrities dancing on graves .
Hell Pizza 's advert showed animations of Sir Edmund Hillary , actor Heath Ledger and the Queen Mother dancing to Michael Jackson 's song Thriller .
The family of Mount Everest conqueror Sir Edmund , who died in January , said the ad was in " extremely poor taste " .
Hell 's Pizza apologised and said it did not mean to cause offence .
I think it 's disturbing
Peter Hillary
" Clearly he 's revered in New Zealand and we all love him , " spokesman Glenn Corbett said .
" The idea of Sir Ed being there was intended to be a light - hearted remembrance . "
The firm is no stranger to controversy .
Last year , it showed Hitler in a Nazi salute with a pizza in his hand .
Previously , it has distributed condoms alongside its " Lust " pizza .
The firm 's marketing director Rachael Allison told New Zealand media that the latest animation was part of an e-mail campaign targeting existing customers .
' Not funny '
Around 5,000 people saw the advert before it fell into the hands of the media .
She said Hell Pizza was known for its controversial advertising and customers loved it .
But she accepted it is not to everyone 's taste .
" Interpretation of this is always up to individuals and we are always mindful of that and always keep an eye on our tone of voice and try to keep on top of that , " she said .
Peter Hillary said the death of his father , who reached the summit of Everest in 1953 , was still " pretty raw " and the advert was not funny .
" I think it 's disturbing ... a little grotesque " , he told New Zealand 's Dominion Post .
There has been no reaction from the family of Australian actor Heath Ledger , who also died in January , or the Royal Family , who buried the Queen Mother in 2002 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Inquisitr claims that some Apple retailers have already been given price lists for Apple 's upcoming laptops and that there are 12 price points ranging from $ 800 to $ 3100 .
Current laptops are said to have only have 8 retail price points : 3 Macbooks ( starting at $ 1099 ) , 3 Macbook Pros and 2 Macbook Airs .
There has been speculation that Apple could be dropping prices of their MacBooks ahead of an economic downturn , though analysts predicted the drop would only go as far as $ 999 ( from $ 1099 ) .
An $ 800 MacBook would represent a $ 300 drop from the current low - end .
While The Inquisitr has no prior track record with Apple rumors , the owner of the site and author of the report is a relatively established blogger .
One potential cause for doubt is that their source claims that " retail outlets usually get the price lists 10 days before products hit the market " which is not true .
Historically , price lists have appeared as early as a few days ahead of launch .
The longest lead time in recent memory was about four days prior to a Monday iMac launch .
As a result , it might be feasible that ( assuming this is true ) these rumored product lists could foretell of announcements as early as next week .
If so , then we 'll likely hear further confirmation from other retail sources shortly .
Where is officialdom most crooked ?
Last week , many guessed it must be Illinois , after news that Gov. Rod Blagojevich was taped making brazen personal demands in exchange for his selection of a Senate successor to President - elect Barack Obama .
The state 's image took a hit despite its long history of producing famously principled political figures , from the bowtied Senator Paul Simon to the great man on the penny .
But bloggers from competing hotbeds of wrongdoing proclaimed that theirs were the worst officials in the land , thank you .
New Jerseyans seemed especially sure that their leadership came out on top in the race to the bottom .
Not so .
And not so for Illinois , either .
There are several ways to gauge levels of government corruption , all of them a bit , well , corrupt .
We present three methods here in the interest of keeping the arguments going .
THE WALL OF SHAME
" The only thing [ Trump 's ] mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin 's c --k holster . "
--STEPHEN COLBERT
" [ Ivanka Trump ]
Your father is a racist birther .
Steve Bannon an anti-Semitic opportunist .
You and your husband are enabling hatred .
F--- your shoes . "
-- BRADLEY WHITFORD
" Melania [ Trump ] is a hooker . "
-- JACOB BERNSTEIN
" And my job is to shut other white people down when they want to interrupt . "
" We have to , at the DNC , provide training .
We have to teach them how to communicate , how to be sensitive , and how to shut their mouths if they 're white . "
-- SALLY BOYNTON BROWN
" And to our detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything : F --- you !
F--- you !
" Yes , I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House . "
--MADONNA
" Barron Trump looks like a very handsome date - rapist - to - be . "
--STEPHEN SPINOLA
" Barron [ Trump ] will be this country 's first homeschool shooter . "
-- KATIE RICH
" Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners , and if we kick 'em all out , you 'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . "
--MERYL STREEP
" There 's a billion to one chance we 're living in base reality . "
[ That means we 're almost positively living in a simulation , like a video game . ]
-- ELON MUSK
" When I would deny that there was a significant racist component in some of the politics on our side , it was because the people I hung out with were certainly not .
When suddenly , this rock is turned over , there is this — ' Oh shit , did I not see that ? ' "
----------------------------
" In any other scenario , Hillary Clinton 's lying about her emails , and her pay - for - play relationship with the Clinton Foundation would be disqualifying issues .
The only reason they 're not disqualifying is because Donald Trump is a fundamentally more repellent , dishonest figure . "
--CHARLIE SYKES
" I made a mistake in recalling the events of twelve years ago ...
I said I was traveling in an aircraft that was hit by RPG fire .
I was instead in a following aircraft . "
-- BRIAN WILLIAMS
" I'm here to tell you if you elect me governor of this state , I will end the civil war . "
-- TOM BARRETT
" I would not look to the U.S. Constitution , if I were drafting a constitution in the year 2012 .
I might look at the constitution of South Africa .
That was a deliberate attempt to have a fundamental instrument of government that embraced basic human rights , had an independent judiciary .
It really is , I think , a great piece of work that was done . "
-- RUTH BADER GINSBURG
" Callista Gingrich .
Karen Santorum .
Ann Romney .
Now , do you really think our country is ready for a white first lady ? "
--ROBERT DE NIRO
" The death of Andrew Breitbart disproves the adage that only the good die young . "
-- JULIAN BOND
" The National Institute of Health has said that it is a danger to women 's health and safety of their families that for 30 years to be exposed to the prospects of pregnancy . "
-- GWEN MOORE
" [ Tea Party Republicans ] have acted like terrorists . "
-- JOE BIDEN
" Why did - Could n't the President have said at that moment , way back in December of last year , ' no game playing .
No hostage - taking .
No terrorizing this country with the debt ceiling .
I 'm not going to negotiate with you guys .
You can't play it that way . '
Could he have done that ? "
--CHRIS MATTHEWS
" [ T ] he tea-party Hobbits could return to Middle Earth having defeated Mordor . "
-- WALL STREET JOURNAL EDITORIAL
" I remember distinctly an image of -- we were sitting on his couches , and I was looking at [ Obama 's ] pant leg and his perfectly creased pant , and I 'm thinking , a ) he 's going to be president and b ) he 'll be a very good president . "
-- DAVID BROOKS
" I feel like calling her back and smackin ' her around . "
--FRED CLARK , DEMOCRAT
" The picture was of me , and I sent it . "
-- ANTHONY WEINER
" [ I ] f you go back to the year 2000 , when we had an obvious disaster and - and saw that our voting process needed refinement , and we did that in the America Votes Act and made sure that we could iron out those kinks , now you have the Republicans , who want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws and literally - and very transparently - block access to the polls to voters who are more likely to vote Democratic candidates than Republican candidates .
And it 's nothing short of that blatant . "
-- DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ
" This is probably one of the worst times we 've seen because the numbers of people elected to Congress .
I went through this as co-chair of the arts caucus .
In '94 people were elected simply to come here to kill the National Endowment for the Arts .
Now they ’re here to kill women . "
-- LOUISE SLAUGHTER
" The protesters have proven today that they ‘re not going away .
It was a pretty rough night last night .
You can imagine if people said , well , we just can‘t fight the power .
Instead , this morning , they came by tens , by hundreds , by thousands .
By midday today , it was easily more than 10,000 , perhaps as many as 15,000 people on the square here in Madison .
Not organized by anyone , just grassroots citizens who came out just like the Minutemen in 1776 . "
-- JOHN NICHOLS
" They 're sitting on the money , they 're using it for their own -- they 're putting it someplace else with no interest in helping you with your life , with that money .
We 've allowed them to take that .
That 's not theirs , that 's a national resource , that 's ours .
We all have this -- we all benefit from this or we all suffer as a result of not having it .
I think we need to go back to taxing these people at the proper rates . "
--MICHAEL MOORE
" Why do n't we just raise the taxes and let these folks have their collective bargaining , have their union representation and go back to their jobs ?
Raise the taxes on the wealthy . "
-- DAVID LETTERMAN
" In 1933 , [ Hitler ] abolished unions and that 's what our Governor [ Scott Walker ] is doing today . "
-- LENA TAYLOR , Democrat State Senator
" So I would urge my Republican colleagues , no matter how strongly they feel -- you know , we have three branches of government .
We have a House .
We have a Senate .
We have a president .
And all three of us are going to have to come together and give some , but it is playing with fire to risk the shutting down of the government . "
--CHUCK SCHUMER
" Well , when you start off with the Preamble of the Constitution , you talk about the pursuit of happiness . "
-- JOHN LEWIS
" I'm Rebecca Kleefisch .
I performed fellatio on all the talk show hosts in Milwaukee .
And they endorsed me and that 's how I became lieutenant governor . "
--SLY SYLVESTER
" Do you think this Constitution - loving is getting out of hand ?
I mean , is it a nod to the Tea Party ? "
-- JOY BEHAR
" We ca n’t just leave it up to the parents . "
" [ Military leaders ] tell us that childhood obesity is n’t just a public health issue ; they tell us that it is not just an economic threat -- it is a national security threat as well . "
--MICHELLE OBAMA
" Actually , I did not take part in [ the assassination of Sarah Palin ] .
I led it . "
--KATHLEEN PARKER
" [ The repeal of ObamaCare is ] a kind of creeping genocide . "
-- JESSE JACKSON
" [ Obama ] has to realize that Mitch McConnell has virtually said so that politically he wants to cut out his heart and throw his liver to the dogs . "
-- DAN RATHER
" And the instructions are not to improvise a comedy sketch , but to elect a group of unqualified , unstable individuals who will do what they are told , in exchange for money and power , and march this nation as far backward as they can get , backward to Jim Crow , or backward to the breadlines of the '30s , or backward to hanging union organizers , or backward to the trusts and the robber barons .
" Result : the Tea Party .
Vote backward , vote Tea Party .
And if you are somehow indifferent to what is planned for next Tuesday , it is nothing short of an attempted use of democracy to end this democracy . "
--KEITH " Reagan 's dead and he was a lousy President " OLBERMANN
" I gotta wonder when people are gonna start wearing uniforms .
I mean they 've got an army out there in Alaska of militia people .
You 've got these guys going around acting like street thugs .
I mean it is n't far from what we saw in the thirties , where all of a sudden , political parties started showing up in uniform . "
--CHRIS MATTHEWS
" [ Sharron Angle ] is a moron on top of being evil ...
I 'd like to see her do this ad in the South Bronx .
Come here , bitch .
Come to New York and do it .
I 'm not praying for her .
She 's going to hell .
She 's going to hell , this bitch . "
-- JOY BEHAR
" So people have been hurting and I understand that .
And it does n't give them comfort or solace for me to tell them , you know , but for me , we'd be in a worldwide depression . "
--HARRY REID
" And to play Dick Cheney , all I had to do was find my Dick Cheney .
And you can find all the villainy in the world in your own heart , and that 's what an actor 's job is .
I always say to kids , inside you is Hitler and Jesus .
And you got to find the appropriate person and bring them out . "
--RICHARD DREYFUSS
" Because I live in the District of Columbia which is so predominantly Democratic , I am a registered Democrat .
But I am an avowed neutral .
And to put that into practice , I take my young daughter into the voting booth and she votes for me .
She 's now 14 .
We 've been doing this since she was about age 4 .
She 's now quite informed . "
-- BOB WOODWARD
" Sarah Palin 's an idiot .
Come on .
This is a remarkably , stunningly , jaw - droppingly incompetent and mean woman . "
" The Democrats may have moved into the center , but the Republicans have moved into a mental institution . "
-- AARON SORKIN
" Perhaps the greatest threat of all is the undermining of our Constitution and the systematic attack against the inalienable rights of the citizens of this nation , rights that are guaranteed by our Constitution .
At the vanguard of this insidious attack is the Tea Party .
This band of misguided citizens is moving perilously close to achieving villainous ends . "
--HARRY BELAFONTE
" [ Christine O'Donnell is ] a witch who does n't masturbate . "
-- JOY BEHAR
" Ah , the Tea Party , the nativist bed - wetters who somehow control our national dialogue .
Yes , I call them the Pee Party , Jay , because they 're always peeing in their pants about something .
They 're just , they 're afraid of a mosque being built in New York .
They 're afraid of guns .
You know , they think Obama , who like every other pussy Democrat has never said a single word about gun control , but they are very sure that he and his Negro army are coming after their guns .
You know what ?
If you think that he 's coming after your guns , you need to get out of your chat room and have your house tested for lead .
He 's not coming after your guns or your Bible or your fishing pole or your chewing tobacco . "
-- BILL MAHER
" That 's a trade - off society is making because of very , very high medical costs , and a lack of willingness to say , you know , is spending a million dollars on that last three months of life for that patient , would it be better not to lay off those ten teachers and to make that trade - off in medical costs .
But that ;s called the ' Death Panel ' and you 're not supposed to have that discussion . "
-- BILL GATES
" NOT the ' whiteman 's bitch ' "
--IESHUH GRIFFIN
" [ If Rush Limbaugh suffered a heart attack in my presence , I would ] laugh loudly like a maniac and watch his eyes bug out .
I never knew I had this much hate in me .
But he deserves it . "
-- SARAH SPITZ
" You want freedom , you going to have to kill some crackers .
You going to have to kill some of their babies . "
--KING SAMIR SHABAZZ
" If this was Texas , which is the state that , that is directly on the border with Mexico , and they were calling for a measure like this , saying that they had a major issue with , you know , with undocumented people flooding their borders , I would say I would have to look twice at this .
" But this is a state that is a ways removed from the border .
And , um , it just , it does n't make sense to me that when you google this subject , if you put in ' Arizona S.B. 1070 , ' that you see a picture of the governor of Arizona meeting with President Obama in May of 2010 .
If you have direct linkage to the president , there are already National Guard troops on the border in Arizona . "
-- PEGGY WEST
" Tell [ the Jews ] to get the hell out of Palestine .
Remember , these people are occupied and it's their land .
It 's not German .
It 's not Poland .
[ The Jews ] can go home .
Poland .
Germany . "
--HELEN THOMAS
" After the last eight years , it 's good to have a president that knows what a library is . "
-- PAUL McCARTNEY
" By the way , I just want to point out I 'm wearing my splash shield because I was told I was going to be in the splash zone ( during Harry Smith 's colonoscopy on live TV ) . "
-- KATIE COURIC
" And that Word is , we have to give voice to what that means in terms of public policy that would be in keeping with the values of the Word . "
----------------------------
" Think of an economy where people could be an artist or a photographer or a writer without worrying about keeping their day job in order to have health insurance or that people could start a business and be entrepreneurial and take risk , but not job loss because of a child with asthma or someone in the family is bipolar — you name it , any condition — is job - locking . "
-- NANCY PELOSI
" Back in World War II , we viewed the Japanese as ' yellow , slant - eyed dogs ' that believed in different gods .
They were out to kill us because our way of living was different .
We , in turn , wanted to annihilate them because they were different .
Does that sound familiar , by any chance , to what 's going on today ? "
-- TOM HANKS
" The ' White Right ' is trying to set Barack up to be assassinated ....
Here are Christians praying for God to kill Barack Obama . "
-- LOUIS FARRAKHAN
" I refuse to accept the notion that the United States of America is not going to lead the world economically throughout the 20th Century . "
-- JOE BIDEN
" Obama 's critics keep blasting him for Chicago - style politics .
So , fine .
Channel your inner Al Capone and go gangsta against your foes .
Let 'em know that if they are n't with you , they are against you , and will pay the price . "
-- ROLAND MARTIN
" Martha Coakley is running to fill the rest of Ted Kennedy 's term , and her opponent is a far - right tea - bagger Republican . "
--CHUCK SCHUMER
" I tell you what , if I lived in Massachusetts , I 'd try to vote ten times .
I do n't know if they'd let me or not , but I 'd try to .
Yeah , that 's right , I 'd cheat to keep these bastards out .
I would .
' Cause that 's exactly what they are . "
--ED SCHULTZ
" We also see how revved up the tea baggers are at the thought of hijacking health care reform and every chance we have at making progress in Washington . "
-- JOHN KERRY
" A few years ago , this guy ( Obama ) would have been getting us coffee . "
-- BILL CLINTON
" I did n't realize I had written a column defending Roman Polanski and minimized his crime - are you sure it was me ?
I mean , I ?
There is , apparently , more to this crime than it would seem , and it may sound like a hollow defense , but in Hollywood I am not sure a 13 - year - old is really a 13 - year - old . "
-- TOM SHALES
" Joe Wilson yelled ' You lie ! ' at a president who did n't .
But , fair or not , what I heard was an unspoken word in the air : You lie , boy ! "
--MAUREEN DOWD
" One awkward moment for Sarah Palin at the Yankee game ...
During the 7th inning , her daughter was knocked up by Alex Rodriguez . "
-- DAVID LETTERMAN
" I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n’t lived that life . "
-- SONIA SOTOMAYOR
" We all considered sexual abuse of minors as a moral evil , but had no understanding of its criminal nature . "
--REMBERT WEAKLAND , Archbishop of Milwaukee 1977 - 2002
" You know , you might want to look into this , [ President Obama ] , because I think maybe Rush Limbaugh was the 20th hijacker , but he was so strung out on Oxycontin he missed his flight . "
" Rush Limbaugh -- ' I hope the country fails . '
I hope his kidneys fail . "
----------------------------
" [ Obama ] told me I did a great job .
The first lady said the same thing .
I got a ' well done ' from the president , I 'm on cloud nine . "
-- WANDA SYKES
" Americans are looking for more government in their life , not less . "
-- COLIN POWELL
" [ Tea Party goers are ] just a bunch of wimpy , whiny , weasels who do n't love their country . "
-- PAUL BEGALA
" I would n't want [ gay marriage ] to go to the United States Supreme Court now because that homophobe Antonin Scalia has too many votes on this current court . "
-- BARNEY FRANK
" Going forward , my mind will be open to every solution -- except one .
We should not -- we must not -- and I will not -- raise taxes . "
-- JIM DOYLE , Liar
" He 's a terrorist .
Rush Limbaugh is a terrorist . "
-- JOY BEHAR
" You know , I just want to say to her ( Sarah Palin ) , just very quickly ... F--- you . "
-- JON STEWART
" Should I be worried about being a slave and being returned to slavery ? "
-- WHOOPI GOLDBERG
" I also believe that America is the greatest sin against God . "
-- FR. MICHAEL PFLEGER
" Those who think they can revive the stinking corpse of the usurping and fake Israeli regime by throwing a birthday party are seriously mistaken .
Today the reason for the Zionist regime 's existence is questioned , and this regime is on its way to annihilation . "
--MAHMOUD AHMADINEJAD
" We 'll be eight degrees hotter in ten , not ten but 30 or 40 years and basically none of the crops will grow .
Most of the people will have died and the rest of us will be cannibals . "
-- TED TURNER
" Look , [ Mitt ] Romney comes from a religion founded by a criminal who was anti-American , pro-slavery , and a rapist .
And he comes from that lineage and says , ' I respect this religion fully . ' "
--LAWRENCE O'DONNELL
" Mexico does not end at its borders ...
Where there is a Mexican , there is Mexico . "
--FELIPE CALDERON
" The planet has a fever .
If your baby has a fever , you go to the doctor .
If the doctor says you need to intervene here , you do n't say , ' Well , I read a science fiction novel that told me it's not a problem . '
If the crib 's on fire , you do n't speculate that the baby is flame retardant . "
-- AL GORE
" Do n't fear the terrorists .
They 're mothers and fathers . "
-- ROSIE O'DONNELL
" Is America ready for a black president ?
Well , I say we just had a retarded one .
When did being black become a bigger deterrent than being retarded ? "
--CHRIS ROCK
" Shut the f --- up !
Shut up if you can't take a joke [ about President Bush ] ! "
-- BARBRA STREISAND
" Right , oh , yeah , Happy 9/11 !
Celebrate the day , right ? "
-- JAMES BROLIN , Mr. Barbra Streisand
" I think President Bush very well may have signed an authorization for the 9/11 attacks . "
--KEVIN BARRETT , UW - MADISON Lecturer
" I said what I said .
I am not guilty . "
-- SADDAM HUSSEIN
" Terri will not be starved to death .
Her nutrition and hydration will be taken away . "
--MICHAEL SCHIAVO
" On the eve of the election last month my wife Judith and I were driving home late in the afternoon and turned on the radio for the traffic and weather .
What we instantly got was a freak show of political pornography : lies , distortions , and half - truths -- half - truths being perhaps the blackest of all lies . "
-- BILL MOYERS
" I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for . "
-- HOWARD DEAN
" The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not ' insurgents ' or ' terrorists ' or ' The Enemy . '
They are the REVOLUTION , the Minutemen , and their numbers will grow -- and they will win . "
--MICHAEL MOORE
" And there is no reason , Bob , that young American soldiers need to be going into the homes of Iraqis in the dead of night , terrorizing kids and children , you know , women , breaking sort of the customs of the - - of -- the historical customs , religious customs . "
-- JOHN KERRY
" F---ing retarded . "
" [ Republicans ] can go f--- themselves ! "
-- RAHM EMANUEL
" I 'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers .
We are the president . "
--HILLARY CLINTON
" It depends on what the meaning of the word ' is ' is . "
-- BILL CLINTON
" And let me tell you something -- for the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country .
And not just because Barack has done well , but because I think people are hungry for change .
And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction and just not feeling so alone in my frustration and disappointment . "
--MICHELLE OBAMA
" If asking a billionaire to pay the same tax rate as a Jew , uh , as a janitor , makes me a warrior for the working class , I wear that with a badge of honor . "
----------------------------
" If you love me , you got to help me pass this bill . "
----------------------------
" [ F ] or most of my lifetime , the United States was such a dominant economic power , we were such a large market , our industry , our technology , our manufacturing was so significant that we always met the rest of the world economically on our terms .
And now , because of the incredible rise of India and China and Brazil and other countries , the United States remains the largest economic and the largest market but there ’s real competition out there .
And that 's potentially healthy .
It makes -- Michelle was saying earlier I like tough questions because it keeps me on my toes .
Well , this will keep America on its toes . "
----------------------------
" If Latinos sit out the election instead of saying , ' We 're gonna PUNISH OUR ENEMIES and we 're gonna reward our friends who stand with us on issues that are important to us , ' if they do n't see that kind of upsurge in voting in this election , then I think it 's gonna be harder and that 's why I think it 's so important that people focus on voting on November 2 . "
----------------------------
" We do n't mind the Republicans joining us .
They can come for the ride , but THEY GOTTA SIT IN BACK . "
----------------------------
" We can absorb a terrorist attack .
We 'll do everything we can to prevent it , but even a 9/11 , even the biggest attack ever ... we absorbed it and we are stronger . "
----------------------------
" We 're buying shrimp , guys . "
----------------------------
" We are the ones we 've been waiting for . "
----------------------------
" We talk to these folks because they potentially have the best answers so I know whose ass to kick . "
----------------------------
" We 're not trying to push financial reform because we begrudge success that 's fairly earned .
I mean , I do think at a certain point you 've made enough money .
But , you know , part of the American way is , you know , you can just keep on making it if you ’re providing a good product or you 're providing good service .
We do n't want people to stop fulfilling the core responsibilities of the financial system to help grow the economy . "
----------------------------
" If you 've got a business , you did n't build that .
Somebody else made that happen . "
----------------------------
" It is a vital national security interest of the United States to reduce these conflicts because whether we like it or not , we remain a dominant military superpower , and when conflicts break out , one way or another we get pulled into them .
And that ends up costing us significantly in terms of both blood and treasure . "
----------------------------
" But I -- I think that the most important thing for the public to understand is , we 're not handling any of these cases any different than the Bush administration handled them all through 9/11 . "
----------------------------
" One such translator was an American of Haitian descent , representative of the extraordinary work that our men and women in uniform do all around the world -- Navy CORPSE - MAN Christian [ sic ] Brossard .
And lying on a gurney aboard the USNS Comfort , a woman asked Christopher : ' Where do you come from ?
What country ?
After my operation , ' she said , ' I will pray for that country . '
And in Creole , CORPSE - MAN Brossard responded , ' Etazini . '
The United States of America . "
----------------------------
" I hear that Dr. Joe Medicine Crow was around , and so I want to give a shout - out to that Congressional Medal of Honor winner .
It 's good to see you . "
----------------------------
" We are God 's partners in matters of life and death . "
----------------------------
" [ T ]he Cambridge police acted stupidly . "
----------------------------
" I am going to teach [ my daughters ] first about values and morals , but if they make a mistake , I do n't want them punished with a baby . "
----------------------------
" The reforms we seek would bring greater competition , choice , savings , and INEFFICIENCIES to our health care system . "
----------------------------
" Over the last 15 months , we ’ve traveled to every corner of the United States .
I ’ve now been in 57 states ?
I think one left to go .
Alaska and Hawaii , I was not allowed to go to even though I really wanted to visit , but my staff would not justify it . "
-- BARACK OBAMA
Earlier this year , the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority ( MBTA ) sued a group of MIT students to prevent them from presenting a paper highlighting security flaws within the MBTA 's transit fare system .
Now , six months later , the transit system authority and the students in question have announced they will collaborate to improve Automated Fare Collection System ( also known as CharlieCard ) security .
This joint agreement , as described by the EFF , sounds far friendlier than the pre-lawsuit dialog between the two groups .
The MBTA did not initially take kindly to being told its much - hyped CharlieCard system had all the security of Swiss cheese , and it expressed a number of concerns over the students ' presentation as it existed at that point in time .
The MIT group revised their work in an attempt to mollify the MBTA but were unable to do so .
The lawsuit ignited a significant debate online over whether or not the students ' original presentation qualified as free speech , the validity of the MBTA 's complaint ( the MIT team had promised to withhold information that would have allowed attacks to actually occur ) , and whether or not the group had committed a crime by ( allegedly ) taking free trips on the subway while researching the flaw in question .
Judge George O'Toole initially imposed a gag order on the MIT students ( later rescinded ) , but ultimately chose to avoid ruling on whether or not MBTA 's lawsuit and the following gag order had violated the researchers '
First Amendment rights .
Today 's announcement is an ironic ending to one of the more interesting security stories of 2008 , and it introduces one final plot twist of its own — how do you secure an unsecurable system ?
CharlieCard 's RFID implementation is n't just flawed , it 's based on an obsolete , deprecated , and proprietary cryptography standard known as CRYPTO - 1. CRYPTO - 1 is deployed across all MIFARE Classic cards which , in turn , account for the overwhelming majority of RFID - based payment cards used in mass transit systems .
Put simply , the RFID transmitter and cryptography standard that power many of the world 's contactless payment transactions is n't even remotely secure .
NXP Semiconductor has developed a secure , backwards - compatible version of MIFARE Classic it has dubbed MIFARE Plus , but these systems wo n't begin to hit the market until the third quarter of 2009 at the earliest .
Backwards compatibility , meanwhile , is maintained by allowing older MIFARE cards to authenticate properly , which provides one heck of a potential back door .
RFID security itself is rather problematic , as we discussed back in October .
Based on tests of the RFID solutions employed on both the United States ' electronic Passport Card and Washington State 's Enhanced Driver 's License , researchers have concluded that only users who strictly ( and unrealistically ) adhere to RFID security best practices can actually keep their cards from being read at a variety of distances .
Kudos to the MTBA for both recognizing its mistake and partnering with the students it first attempted to demonize .
The only way to actually address such security flaws is to focus on discovering and repairing them instead of shooting the hapless messengers ; such talent does society little good rotting in a jail cell or silenced by a federal gag order .
Graphic : Diego Aguirre Security researchers at Microsoft Corp. last week warned of a significant climb in exploits of a Windows bug it patched with an emergency fix last month , confirming earlier reports by Symantec Corp .
Microsoft again urged users to apply the MS08 - 067 patch if they have not already done so .
The new attacks , which Microsoft's Malware Protection Center said began last weekend but spiked in the past week , use the same worm Symantec first spotted Nov. 21 .
Dubbed " Conficker.a " by Microsoft and " Downadup " by Symantec , the worm exploits the vulnerability in the Windows Server service , used by all versions of the operating system to connect to file and print servers on a network .
Microsoft patched the bug in an out - of - cycle update five weeks ago after it discovered a small number of infected PCs , most of them in Southeast Asia .
According to Ziv Mador , a researcher with the Malware Protection Center , the new wave of attacks has spread in corporations and hit " several hundred " home users .
Most of the infection reports have come from U.S. users , said Mador in a post to the center 's blog , but his team has received calls from users in several other countries too .
The worm avoids infecting Ukrainian computers , Mador said , which may indicate the malware was written by a Ukrainian ; hackers often purposefully skip systems in the country where they live , hoping that will postpone or eliminate any reaction by local authorities .
" It is also interesting to note that the worm patches the vulnerable API in memory so the machine will not be vulnerable anymore , " said Mador .
" It is not that the malware authors care so much about the computer as they want to make sure that other malware will not take it over too . "
The worm also resets the machine 's system restore point , said Microsoft in its technical write - up , which may make it difficult or impossible to " roll back " Windows to a pre-infection state .
PCs that have been patched with the MS08 - 067 fix are protected , Mador stressed .
Last week , Symantec bumped up its ThreatCon security alert status from " 1 " to " 2 " in response to attacks it had tracked hitting its customers and honeypots .
Others security vendors , however , disputed the uptick .
This story , " Microsoft Warns of Worm Attack on Windows " was originally published by Computerworld .
Home »
Features »
Lists »
World Hum ’s Top 40 Travel Songs of All Time
World Hum ’s Top 40 Travel Songs of All Time
Lists :
We traveled .
We listened .
We voted .
These are the tunes that best capture the spirit of the road .
Photo by John Tino Photo by John Tino
When we wanted to create a list of the best travel songs , we turned to some of the most knowledgeable and passionate travelers we know : our writers and contributors .
We gave them broad voting criteria :
If it ’s a song about travel or inspires travel or just a song that they must listen to while they travel , it ’s eligible .
Share this on Facebook ?
After everyone spent intimate time with their iPods , we emerged with World Hum ’s top 40 travel songs of all time — and some personal stories about why we all love the travel songs we love .
— The editors
MORE ON TRAVEL SONGS : Go straight to Top 10 | Anthony Bourdain ’s Subcontinental Homesick Blues | Interactive Map
40 ) Ramblin’ Man ( 1973 )
Artist : The Allman Brothers Band
Songwriter : Dickey Betts
Fact :
It was The Allman Brothers Band ’s first and only Billboard top 10 hit ; it peaked at No. 2 . — Wikipedia
Why I love it : I grew up in New Orleans before Duane and Greg Allman ever put the city in “ Ramblin ’ Man ” but hearing the song now — say , I ’m driving the Natchez Trace through Mississippi — puts me in strong mind of the secret backstreets of the French Quarter , of chicory coffee and dark sultry nights with the sassy girls of 1967 .
Then , when it ’s time for leavin ’ ... Wanderlust is eternal . — Eric Lucas
39 ) Roadrunner ( 1972 )
Artist : The Modern Lovers
Songwriter : Jonathan Richman
Fact :
The song pays homage to driving Route 128 , just outside Boston .
—The Guardian
Why I love it :
You ’re sixteen : you ca n’t vote , ca n’t buy booze , ca n’t buy smokes , you live with your parents and you have to leave for school at the crack of dawn each and every day .
Life pretty much sucks .
But you can roll down the windows , turn up the music and cruise the strip of your podunk town , and it ’s about as good a trip as you ’ll ever take . — Alex Basek
38 ) Sweet Home Alabama ( 1974 )
Artist : Lynyrd Skynyrd
Songwriters : Ed King , Gary Rossington and Ronnie Van Zant
Fact :
The notorious “ Turn it up ! ” Ronnie Van Zant utters at the start of the track was unplanned .
Van Zant was indeed asking the producer to turn up the volume on his headphones .
—Rolling Stone
Why I love it : I ’m a native of the American South , and I often turn to regional music when I need solace on the road .
This feel - good song about my homeland always picks me up when I ’m feelin’ blue .
— Leigh Ann Henion
37 ) Where the Streets Have No Name ( 1987 )
Artist : U2
Songwriters : U2 , Bono
Fact : Bono was inspired to write the song after learning that on certain streets in Belfast , Northern Ireland it was possible to determine the religion and wealth of the inhabitants , simply from which side or end of the street they lived .
“ That said something to me , ” he said .
“ And so I started writing about a place where the streets have no name . ” — U2.com
Why I love it : “ Streets ” is the musical equivalent of lighting a candle and saying a prayer .
I play it before commencing any major journey .
The organ opening is so ethereal , it is almost other - worldly , while the jangly guitar riffs root you firmly to earth .
By the time Bono has finished lamenting tearing “ down the walls that hold me inside , ” I am halfway out the door .
—Stephanie Elizondo Griest
36 ) Katmandu ( 1975 )
Artist : Bob Seger
Songwriter : Seger
Fact : Katmandu is also the name of a Bob Seger tribute band , which goes so far as to bill itself as “ North America ’s Premier Bob Seger tribute act . ” — Bob Seger Tribute
Why I love it :
When this record came out Kathmandu was the epitome of remote destinations and going there a rite of passage ; I ’ve been listening to this song for 30 years and it still makes me want to pack my bags .
— Lynne Friedmann
35 ) Ramble On ( 1969 )
Artist : Led Zeppelin
Songwriters : Jimmy Page / Robert Plant
Fact : J.R.R. Tolkein ’s “ Lord of the Rings ” heavily influenced the lyrics , specifically the lines about “ Mordor ” and “ Gollum . ”
Why I love it :
It ’s exuberant , and when I was in my late teens and taking my first unchaperoned trips with friends , I cranked up the song constantly , and I fell in love with the idea of travel — of ‘ going ‘ round the world ’— as an unscripted and spontaneous kind of rambling .
— Jim Benning
34 ) California ( 1971 )
Artist : Joni Mitchell
Songwriter : Mitchell
Fact :
In an interview with Cameron Crowe , chatting about writing her “ Blue ” album , on which “ California ” was featured , Mitchell says : “ At that period of my life , I had no personal defenses .
I felt like a cellophane wrapper on a pack of cigarettes .
I felt like I had absolutely no secrets from the world and I could n’t pretend in my life to be strong .
Or to be happy .
But the advantage of it in the music was that there were no defenses there either . ” —CameronCrowe.com
Why I love it :
No song captures the feeling of being on the road and longing for home more than “ California . ”
I even named my last book after a line in the song .
— Laurie Gough
33 ) Radar Love ( 1973 )
Artist : Golden Earring
Songwriters : George Kooymans / Barry Hay
Fact :
In 2007 , NASA played “ Radar Love ” during a wake - up call to crew members aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantic .
The wife of one of the astronauts had requested it .
It ’s not the first time “ Radar Love ” has played in space .
In 1997 , it was also played during a wake - up call , this time to NASA ’s Mars Pathfinder .
—NASA
Why I love it :
It ’s hard to believe that a Dutch prog rock band would make one of the best driving songs of all time , but they pulled it off despite the fact it hails from a country without twisting mountain lanes or endless stretches of desert highway .
The locomotive drumbeat and ringing ‘ 70s guitars put me in the passing lane back home to my baby every time .
— Alex Basek
32 ) The Long and Winding Road ( 1970 )
Artist : The Beatles
Songwriters : John Lennon / Paul McCartney
Fact :
It was The Beatles ’ 20th and final No. 1 hit in the United States .
—Wikipedia
Why I love it : “ It ’s about the flip side of travel — not the being gone , but the coming home — and every time I hear it , I ’m stabbed with nostalgia .
It gives me the same sense of bittersweet relief that I feel when my flight back to Minnesota comes in at night and I can see the first lights of home sparkling beneath the wings .
But it makes me picture a home I never had — a white cottage in a green pasture somewhere , an image as sweet as a Mother ’s Day card .
I always imagined it in Ireland , somehow .
Turns out , McCartney had Scotland in mind .
Close enough .
—Catherine Watson
31 ) American Girl ( 1977 )
Artist : Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
Songwriter : Petty
Fact : UGO.com ranked the use of “ American Girl ” in the movie “ The Silence of the Lambs ” as No. 5 in its Top 11 Uses of Classic Rock in Cinema countdown .
Why I love it :
It is n’t classically travel , but it sounds like such a driving song .
Plus I ’ve always loved listening to it in far off places : “ She could n’t help thinking that there was a little more to life somewhere else … ” — Sarah Schmelling
Next Page »
Nicole Richie Has Turned Full Circle
Simple Life starhas had a great deal of troubles in the past with alcohol and drugs and it looks like she has grown up and moved on .
After giving birth to daughterin January , life has been looking up .
Nicole and boyfriend Good Charlotte band member Joel Madden have stayed focused not only on their daughter but on a charity they formed , Richie - Madden Children 's Foundation .
The foundation helps young moms get the proper healthcare for themselves and their children .
At a court hearing yesterday for her DUI arrest back in 2006 , a judge determined that Nicole is in compliance with her charges .
Nicole still attends driving school as one of her sentences .
Richie will have to go back to court in February for a progress report to the judge .
Photo : WENN
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/19/2008
' Crimson ' columnist has us seeing same
by Jeremy Hooper
Last year , Harvard Crimson columnist Lucy Morrow Caldwell caught national attention ( and much ire ) when she chose to publicly reveal that Rudy Giuliani 's minor daughter had joined a pro-Obama Facebook group ( privately , under a pseudonym ) .
Today she comes on our radar for her decision to publicly regurgitate insipid far - right talking points about gays not being harmed by marriage bans because they can already marry someone of the opposite sex , majority rights not being the jurisdiction of the judiciary , and gay activists ' unwillingess to " face that democracy has spoken . "
Check out some of the " brilliance " :
Since most American voters oppose gay marriage , the question of how to proceed on the gay rights front now hinges on whether or not same - sex marriage bans constitute an act of tyranny of the majority — in other words , whether or not gay rights are minority rights .
Many activists have described the gay rights debate as the most important civil rights issue of our time .
This is not an apt description , as gay Americans are not being denied rights .
This was not the case in previous civil rights movements .
African - Americans living in the sixties were granted fewer rights than their white counterparts .
Women living in earlier decades were granted fewer rights than their male counterparts .
Gay Americans are not being granted fewer rights than their straight counterparts — technically , a gay man does have the right to enter into a marriage with a woman .
The push for same - sex marriage is a rally for additional rights .
While this characterization of the movement strikes most gay rights activists as harsh , it is a useful distinction to be made when devising ways to advance the cause effectively .
Yet gay rights advocates have not taken the appropriate cues from their defeats earlier this month , as reflected in their continued ignorance of their opponents ’ thoughts and motives .
They seem unable to face that democracy has spoken , and it has said “ no ” on same - sex marriage .
We always have to ask these sorts of people :
Do you REALLY want us gay folks entering into opposite - sex marriages ?
Do you REALLY want us entering into a sham , loveless marriage with your son or daughter ?
And seriously , when you stop and utilize your brain to its fullest capacity :
Do you REALLY think it 's acceptable to tell a gay person that they 're already equal since , instead of opening up the marriage system so that it accommodate their realities , they can just go ahead and mold their realities to fit the current system ?!
We know you say it , because it 's one of your handful of agreed - upon talking points .
But do you seriously buy that tripe ?!!?
And would you have dared say that to an interracial couple who was fighting against the system that once excluded their own actualities ?
But this chunk , as thoroughly insulting as it is , is n't all .
At the link you can find Lucy 's full commentary , wherein she goes on to call gays impatient for going through the court system , supports the idea that voters were right to react negatively to the " activist judges , " and claims that support for gay rights is " fluctuating . "
If you 're like us , it might make you feel a little guilty for ever embracing the " news " that Giuliani 's daughter was pro-Obama .
Misguided Activism [ Harvard Crimson ]
** Lucy certainly found a fan in the " yes on 8 " crowd .
Her piece is the current top story on their official website :
** ALSO : Here 's Lucy talking to CNN about the Giuliani thing :
Embedded video from CNN Video
Your thoughts
So is this the logic that Harvard is teaching these days ?
" technically , a gay man does have the right to enter into a marriage with a woman . "
And once same - sex couples are allowed to legally marry , heterosexual women such as Caldwell will have the same exact right to marry another woman that a lesbian will .
Posted by : fannie | Nov 19 , 2008 2:40:58 PM
Fannie :
It really does shock me that any student representing an Ivy League institution would use this logic .
OF all of the anti-equality talking points , I would put this one in the deepest depths of the intellectual cellar .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 19 , 2008 2:52:56 PM
I guess it would be equal rights if straight people could only marry people of the same sex .
Posted by : jon | Nov 19 , 2008 3:06:48 PM
Telling a gay man he can marry any woman who will have him is like telling a man in a wheelchair he can take any staircase he can climb .
Sure , it 's technically possible for me to marry a woman and have sexual relations , just as it is technically possible for a man in a wheelchair to use the railing to hoist himself up each step , or to leave the chair at the bottom and pull himself up each step on his hands and elbows -- both notions are utterly degrading .
To piggyback on Jeremy 's point about whether these folks really want us to marry their sons and daughters ....
How on earth does that help the sanctity of marriage ?
How does it keep it sacred , when it 's merely out of convenience ?
Did she not bother seeing Brokeback Mountain , the main theme being when two people are not allowed to love each other -- they , and everyone around them suffers !
That 's nice that democracy has spoken , but in case she forgot what country she 's in -- This is America , and America is NOT a democracy .
We are a Democratic Republic , a very different concept .
Religious Rights , Voting Rights are all granted by the constitution , to ignore that document arbitrarily is to put these other rights in jeopardy .
Posted by : Jason D | Nov 19 , 2008 3:06:56 PM
If she 's this dumb , then I suspect she 's a trust fund baby who 's parents paid her way through Harvard .
Either way , her idiotic mindset is more widespread than you might think .
When I came out , my dad actually asked me if I would ever get married .
My mom and my brothers were speechless , not an easy thing to do in my family .
Although at the time , we only had Massachusetts .
Of course , both my parents are still hoping I 'll just be celibate for my whole life .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Nov 19 , 2008 3:08:05 PM
... And I would send her and all her ilk to the following report published by the American Psychological Association indicating that marriage bans do have a profound psychological effect on GLBT people and their families .
http://www.newswise.com/articles/view/546583/
Posted by : Chris | Nov 19 , 2008 3:08:44 PM
That 's an extremely important point .
It 's not a mere ' technical ' point , it 's a fundamental , basic civil right for all people to marry someone of the other sex .
No one is forcing anyone to marry , but people should certainly have the right to , and no one should feel that they do not have the right to marry someone of the other sex , or that if they did , it would be a ' sham ' , or ' loveless ' .
That 's a terrible thing to say to people .
Would I want a quote unquote " gay person " marrying my daughter if I had a daughter ?
Well , I doubt she would marry someone she did n't love and who did n't love her , and I would hope she would n't fall for a philanderer who lusted outside of the marriage for anyone .
If your definition of " straight " is that he would have his affairs with women , that 's not a good definition .
And straight people can be lousy in bed too , you know , and gay people are n't incapable of being good in bed .
I would n't want a gay person eroding my son - in - law 's confidence and happiness and convincing him that it would be right for him to abandon my daughter , or a woman doing the same thing to her , just as i would n't want anyone breaking up their marriage .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 19 , 2008 3:18:36 PM
You can dress it up in all the four syllable words you want , but it 's still bigotry .
Posted by : Matt Algren | Nov 19 , 2008 3:33:34 PM
Oh , John Howard .
Again with your silliness .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 19 , 2008 3:48:27 PM
" Gay Americans are not being granted fewer rights than their straight counterparts — technically , a gay man does have the right to enter into a marriage with a woman . "
When you have to qualify your defense of discrimination with the word " technically , " then you really should know that there 's something fishy with your loophole reasoning , you disingenuous conservative mouthpiece .
Posted by : zortnac | Nov 19 , 2008 3:58:46 PM
Wait , Jeremy , what 's silly ?
Now , there is an important point about rights being useless if people do n't want them , but that does n't make the right go away .
It 's similar to when people tell me that people will still have the right to use their natural gametes after genetic engineering has begun to offer enhanced babies with fewer risks of disease .
Yes , it 's true they will still have the right ( for a while , anyway ) but what good is it if they have been coerced into eschewing it and choosing GE instead ?
But that does n't make the right go away either .
In each case , it 's vitally important to insist that there is a right to be straight , and there is a right to use your own genes to procreate , even if it 's not someone 's preference to do that .
And in each case , it erodes the right and makes it useless to suggest that it is ever wrong for someone to exercise that right , because for them , they do n't have it .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 19 , 2008 4:07:25 PM
General thought offered up for comment : having a right to do something means that it is allowed , first of all , it can't be prohibited by the state or restricted by people with the power to do so , but also ( here 's my thought ) that it is the right thing to do , it is perfectly fine and dandy and right .
Consider - that 's why gays are offended when people say that gay sex is wrong , it 's not enough to be allowed to do it , having a right means that it is not wrong , damn it !
When someone says something is wrong , they are saying there is no right .
Profound ?
Obvious ?
Back in context , it is not wrong for a man to marry a woman or a woman to marry a man , for anyone ( unless of course they 're related , under-age , already married , or , doing it for non -bona - fide reasons , like to gain citizenship or get the person 's money , or please one 's family , without loving that person ) .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 19 , 2008 6:18:10 PM
when i referred to non -bona - fide reasons for marriage above , in addition to " not loving that person " , i should have added " and without consenting to have any children you might have with that person , and that person 's genes , and not someone else 's .
That makes a marriage bona fide , not trying to procreate , or wanting to , or being able to , just consenting to do it together , if at all .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 19 , 2008 10:52:15 PM
Hmmm ...
I wonder why blacks and asians and whites etc ... could n't understand that simple , straightforward , logical reasoning back in the 60s and before .
After all , technically blacks could marry and whites could marry and asians could marry ... everyone had equal right to marry ... those ingrates ... claiming " special " rights to be able to marry across racial boundaries .
Posted by : Marsha | Nov 20 , 2008 12:23:15 AM
What I find funny is this line here : " The push for same - sex marriage is a rally for additional rights . "
Was the push for inter-racial marriages not a rally for additional rights ?
They had the right to marry others within their own race .
I think it is funny that she cites the issues African Americans faced back in the day without realizing that the parallels are closer than she thinks .
I think the most enjoyable thing though , is the fact that people like Lucy always resort to such fallacious arguments .
I wonder , if these people participated in a real , moderated debate , how quickly the majority of their arguments would be thrown out of the discussion for hinging on such blatantly obvious fallacies ?
Here 's a tip for you Lucy .
This line here ?
" They seem unable to face that democracy has spoken , and it has said “ no ” on same - sex marriage . "
Argumentem ad populem ; just because the majority think it is right , does not make it so .
Back in the day , the majority thought that slavery was acceptable , but that did not make it so .
Posted by : Tyler Zilkie | Nov 20 , 2008 3:54:08 AM
Tyler , the push for interracial marriage did n't require allowing genetic engineering , which is the additional right that same - sex marriage requires .
It did declare that there was a right to marry someone regardless of race , but it did n't really " create " that right , it was already there , but prevented by racist policies .
There is no right to procreate using genetic engineering that is " already there " being prevented by bigots .
Keeping procreation natural and stopping radical experiments in human genetic design is entirely a supportable basis to prohibit same - sex procreation .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 20 , 2008 1:25:11 PM
Time to take a magic school bus journey back to the talking points of 1952 : Technically , colored people have the same rights as white people !
I mean , a colored person can't drink out of a white water fountain any more than a white person can drink out of a colored water fountain !
GIGGIDY GIGGIDY !
Posted by : chris | Nov 20 , 2008 1:51:02 PM
John , as has been stated by hundreds before me , and will be stated by hundreds more in the future , marriage is not about procreation .
If it was , the state would have to forcibly divorce tens of thousands of childless couples .
Your genetic engineering argument makes no sense .
If a same - sex couple wants to raise a child they can simply adopt .
God knows there are plent of children who need the homes .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Nov 20 , 2008 2:29:25 PM
Rainbow : I would encourage you to look at John 's website ( linked to his screen name ) before engaging him too much .
I think you 'll see that you 're unlikely to convince him of much .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 20 , 2008 2:40:34 PM
Is that your way of admitting i'm right , Jeremy :)
Rainbow , I 'm raising a new issue , that we need to prohibit attempts at same - sex conception and preserve procreation as one man one woman , literally , the genes of a man and the genes of a woman .
Preserving it means we have to limit procreation to a man and a woman using their unmodified genes .
Marriages are not required to procreate , but it is required that if the couple were to procreate , it would be ethical .
Thus we do n't allow siblings to marry , even though they can procreate .
It 's about the right to try , not the ability .
Same - sex procreation would be unethical and should not be allowed , .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 20 , 2008 3:35:38 PM
" Tyler , the push for interracial marriage did n't require allowing genetic engineering , which is the additional right that same - sex marriage requires . "
What does this have to do with what I said ?
Red Herring much ?
Since when is procreation a requirement of marriage ?
" It did declare that there was a right to marry someone regardless of race , but it did n't really " create " that right , it was already there , but prevented by racist policies . "
The definition still required changing , at least , the removal of the ban on interracial marriages .
" There is no right to procreate using genetic engineering that is " already there " being prevented by bigots .
Keeping procreation natural and stopping radical experiments in human genetic design is entirely a supportable basis to prohibit same - sex procreation . "
This has nothing to do with the same - sex marriage debate .
Take your Red Herring fallacy and go home .
Your words are meaningless in this discussion if you think you , like Lucy , ca n't avoid the use of such fallacious arguments .
" Is that your way of admitting i'm right , Jeremy : ) "
No , this is someone admitting that arguing with someone such as you is a waste of time .
You cannot argue with someone who relies solely on fallacies to support their point , who will change the topic at the drop of a hat ( Red Herring ) .
People call others who exhibit that behavior a " forum troll " , and the best way to defeat one is to ignore it .
" Marriages are not required to procreate , but it is required that if the couple were to procreate , it would be ethical . "
The ability to procreate is not a requirement to make marriage ethical .
Should we say those who are unable to procreate ( say , a man who cannot produce sperm marries a woman ) are unethical ?
Posted by : Tyler Zilkie | Nov 20 , 2008 4:25:46 PM
Wow ...
I think she must have been talking about poor Elizabeth Taylor ... she 's married a lot of homosexuals .
To heck with procreation - what about recreation !?
As if every heterosexual couple goes into the bedroom thinking , " Man , I hope it results in a baby this time or it was n't worth it . "
The procreation argument is completely flawed .
Very few people get married for the sole purpose of having children and there is no marriage requirement to have children ...
Posted by : jaysays | Nov 20 , 2008 5:27:53 PM
Jaysays , I agree with you .
Same - sex couples do not need or even want conception rights .
Leave that to couples that are a man and a woman .
It does n't change anything about anything else , it just prohibits non male - female conception .
Why insist on the equal conception rights of a married man and woman when a ) they are n't wanted or needed , and b ) they hold up getting equal protections in all other aspects ?
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 20 , 2008 8:26:13 PM
btw , that was funny about Elizabeth Taylor , and a good point about her argument .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 20 , 2008 8:27:36 PM
What does this have to do with what I said ?
Absolutely nothing .
Which is the same that what you said had to do with what I said .
Red Herring much ?
I would n't call it a red herring , because it is at the very center of the question of extending marriage rights to same - sex couples .
It is something entirely new that has n't been part of the debate before , though , so it does stand out like a red herring .
But it is n't one .
Since when is procreation a requirement of marriage ?
It never has been and it never should be .
But it always has been and should always be a right of marriage .
By " right " I mean , it has never been prohibited .
It should never be prohibited of any marriage , but it should be prohibited of all same - sex couples .
Posted by : | Nov 20 , 2008 8:40:49 PM
No , this is someone admitting that arguing with someone such as you is a waste of time .
Do n't think of it as arguing with " someone such as me " , but think of it as exploring the specific issue that I introduced here : same - sex procreation and whether it should be allowed or not .
You cannot argue with someone who relies solely on fallacies to support their point , who will change the topic at the drop of a hat ( Red Herring ) .
Well , there are no fallacies , and I never change the topic , I am always talking about the conception rights of marriage and how same - sex couples should not be allowed to attempt to conceive together , with their own genes .
You either have to argue that same - sex conception should not be prohibited , or you have to argue that marriage should not protect the couple 's right to attempt to use their own genes to create children , or , your best option , you have to agree with me that equal protections are more important than equal conception rights .
People call others who exhibit that behavior a " forum troll " , and the best way to defeat one is to ignore it .
No doubt , but do you really want to defeat me ?
I 'm offering the best idea to get equal protections to same - sex couples across the country , right away , and really protecting same - sex couples and gay people from exploitation by labs that want to use them as guinea pigs , to say nothing of how much it would benefit the whole world if we eschewed genetic engineering of people and kept everyone created equal .
The ability to procreate is not a requirement to make marriage ethical .
Should we say those who are unable to procreate ( say , a man who cannot produce sperm marries a woman ) are unethical ?
Try again : the requirement for marriage is that procreation , if it were to occur , would be ethical .
We do n't let siblings marry because their procreation would not be ethical ( and not just because of birth defects ) .
We do n't examine any private medical information like genes or diseases to do make that determination , we just look at the public information ( relatedness , adulthood , marital status ) .
Posted by : John Howard | Nov 21 , 2008 3:29:10 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
In every city in America sex is for sale and much of it operates in plain view .
But , there ’s one corner of the trade protected like none other ... the business of high - end prostitution where clients can spend hundred of thousands of dollars each year .
It ’s a secret world with rules and practices that will change everything you think you know about the buying and selling of sex .
In the 21st Century , we 're told , our kids will compete globally for good jobs , facing off against millions of young people with ever - improving math and science skills .
Now , for the first time , educators in a few big cities can see how the math skills of their students compare to those of peers worldwide .
For a study released today , Gary Phillips , a former top U.S. Education Department official now at the private American Institutes of Research , a Washington , D.C. , think tank , created a sort of math - score mashup .
He superimposed scores from the 2007 National Assessment of Educational Progress , or NAEP , over those of the most recent Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study ( TIMSS ) , from 2003 .
ON THE WEB : American Institutes for Research
What he found is eye - opening .
Fourth - and eighth - grade students in six U.S. cities — Austin , Boston , Charlotte , Houston , New York City and San Diego — actually hold their own against international competitors from Singapore , Japan , England and elsewhere .
But international students in many nations outperform students in five other U.S. cities : Cleveland , Washington , D.C. , Atlanta , Chicago and Los Angeles .
Hank Kepner , president of the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics , says he hopes the data do n't prompt critics to slam the underperformers .
The cities , after all , volunteered to take part in the urban NAEP trials .
Even if the findings are less - than - stellar , he says , they should help local officials focus on improving results .
" In that sense , I think it could be a very positive thing to use in - house , in the district , to keep their nose to the grindstone , " says Kepner , a former middle - and high - school math teacher in Iowa and Wisconsin .
"
If they can show they 're improving , they might be able to attract more companies to a system that 's on the move . "
Phillips says the findings prove that in other countries " it is possible to do well and learn considerably under a lot of varied circumstances — in other words , being low - income is not really an excuse when you look around the rest of the world . "
Phillips once oversaw NAEP and other large - scale tests as acting commissioner of the National Center for Education Statistics .
He says he got interested in the new project after thinking about how a big test like NAEP is " good for policymakers at the national level , but state people and districts really have n't had the benefit of it . "
He says the findings could be helpful to local educators , who " are , in many ways , insulated from what 's happening even in the next state — and certainly in the next country . "
Murray Waas is reporting :
So who put together that last minute national television buy of those advertisements featuring the Rev. Jeremiah Wright ?
As it turns out , Scott Wheeler , the executive director of the National Republican Trust PAC , the group which paid for and produced the ad buy– worked on the infamous Clinton Chronicles– the discredited documentary that accused Bill Clinton of murdering his political opponents , engaging in drug running , and all kinds of other nefarious things that were largely either imaginary or fabricated .
For those who do n’t recall , or are too young to know , with the backing of the late Rev. Jerry Falwell , more than 400,000 copies of the video were distributed and although the film ’s allegations were rightfully marginalized in the mainstream , the Wall Street Journal ’s editorial page amplified – sometimes as legitimate– many of the film ’s most lurid allegations .
Here is an article I did way back in 1998 about how the Falwell backed Citizens for Honest Government often paid “ witnesses ” who had lurid stories to tell about Clinton to compensate them for appearing in the Clinton Chronicles and other conspiratorial films about Clinton which they produced .
Many of the false allegations made by the “ witnesses ” – sometimes influenced by payments arranged by the group– were repeated as gospel on the Wall Street Journal editorial page , on the pages of the American Spectator , and on talk radio ... read on
" Yes , I think I should be suspended , but I think she should be suspended too because she was in it too .
All she had to say is she did n't want to do nothing , then it just would have been over , " he said .
The Mormon church , whose members have emerged as the leading backers of a ballot measure to end same - sex marriage in California , is scaling back its Utah campaign operation but will continue to support the initiative .
Church members will no longer be making phone calls from Utah to California voters , Kim Farah , a spokeswoman for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , said in a prepared statement Friday .
Good .
They should n't be doing it in the first place .
Pressure on the Mormon Church to cease their funding of the lying , blackmailing Prop 8 campaign is working .
The Courage Campaign has been keeping the heat on with our petition to LDS President - Prophet Thomas Monson demanding that his church cease funding the Prop 8 campaign and all forms of advocacy for the ballot measure , which was referenced in the SacBee article .
Opponents of the measure have criticized the church 's involvement in the campaign .
The Courage Campaign , a liberal advocacy group , plans to deliver a petition to a Mormon church in Los Angeles next week demanding the church stop funding the Yes on 8 campaign .
But a spokesman for the church , which holds traditional marriage is a sacred institution ordained by God , said the church continues to support the measure despite curtailing its
Utah phone bank operation .
We are not the only ones ruffling their feathers .
hekebolos sure got under their skin with his Daily Kos post suggesting kossacks work on a distributed research project to look into the Mormon donors to Prop 8 and see if there is any dirt .
The info is all out in the public domain and he was not doing anything illegal and unethical , but when the blackmail story broke the Prop 8 campaign tried to use it as an excuse .
His post was the subject of a story by the Salt Lake City ABC affiliate .
It 's really funny to watch the newscaster emphasize " damn " and " hell " as in Hell to Pay , the competition on Daily Kos that netted $ 150,000 for the No on Prop 8 campaign .
The lesson we should take from all of this is to keep it up .
Keep up the focus on the Mormons .
Keep exposing their lies and blackmail .
Keep pointing out the hypocrisy of a religion funding lies and distortions .
We can respect their freedom to choose not to conduct same - sex marriages , we only ask that they respect Californians to make up our own minds on whether we should take away the rights of loving couples to marry .
And if you have n't already , go sign the letter to the President - Prophet .
We are going to deliver it on Tuesday and invite the press .
The more names we have with us the better .
Update [ 2008-10-25 17:52:31 by juls ] :
Here is a great TV report on the blackmail .
Update [ 2008-10 -25 18:19:47 by juls ] : for more crazy from the Prop 8 campaign , check out Donald Lathbury 's post on CA Majority Report .
I do love the title : " Prop 8 Legal Adviser Fears Ghosts , Goblins , and Gays -- And Don't Even Get Him Started on Halloween or Harry Potter ! "
Update [ 2008-10 -25 18:19:47 by juls ] : juturna in the comments just asked where people can sign - up to volunteer for election weekend and election day .
The campaign just launched today a drive for 10,000 volunteers .
Sign - up here and they will be in touch with ways you can help out in your local area down the final stretch .
Personally , I will be camped out at the SF office , helping with whatever they need .
Please join me in volunteering !
Update [ 2008 -10 - 25 18:26:35 by juls ] : itswhatson in the comments submitted the SacBee story and the YouTube report to digg .
Go digg if you have an account .
Thanks itswhatson !
http://digg.com/...
http://digg.com/...
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Expert Python Programming ( Free Chapter )
Expert Python programming is a new book from Packt Publishing , written by Tarek Ziade .
Based on the review by Michele Simionato I bought the book , and was then ( entirely coincidentally ) contacted by the publisher to see if I was interested in putting a free chapter online .
The chapter they 've sent me is chapter 10 : Documenting Your Project .
I bought the book particularly as I was interested in primers on setting up a Windows development environment using MinGW and MSYS and several of the other chapters sounded interesting ( I always need a refresher on setuptools - I only use it once it every few months and the knowledge leaks out of my head ) .
I was very pleasantly surprised by the book .
Its relatively slim ( only 350 pages ) with a clear and straightforward writing style ( not dry ) and plenty of ' recipe style ' examples .
In general it is n't aimed at really advanced programmers , although it covers relatively advanced topics ( metaclasses , descriptors etc ) it will really only be a refresher ( but a welcome refresher ) to experienced Python programmers .
The book is ideal for experienced programmers coming to Python from other languages .
Whilst it does n't teach the basics of Python syntax , is does well at things like idiomatic Python .
It will also be helpful for mid-level Python programmers looking to get into some of the deeper subjects .
In fact it seems that some topics that used to be considered ' deep magic ' are becoming more widely used and talked about .
Take descriptors for example , I 'm afraid I find the standard reference doc fairly impenetrable but there have been some simple recipes using them in recent days .
It is especially a shame that the code illustrating the descriptor rules implemented by __getattribute__ is garbled as code examples like this are a great way of showing how Python works under the hood .
I have n't found any other major errors in the book so far .
The book aims to cover topics useful for ' real world ' development :
API design and naming conventions
Testing ( including a tutorial on Test Driven Development )
Documentation
Development environment , deployment and distribution
I do take issue with the books description of a class based organisation of tests used by unittest as ' heavyweight ' .
I 've heard this from other people , and whilst parts of unittest are hard to extend ( which is more an issue of documentation and some API complexity than actual inflexibility ) - but inheriting from TestCase and using assert methods is useful and not at all heavyweight .
This opinion confounds me !
Whilst working with doctest over the last few weeks I 've really been feeling the pain of not having useful assert methods ...
I 'm particularly glad that the chapter Tarek and his publisher have chosen to give away is the one on documentation .
I 'm a big fan of reStructured Text and projects having good documentation .
I 'm also looking forward to converting some of my projects over to using Sphinx as a doc tool , which I have n't yet used and this chapter covers .
To give you a taste of the book , here is the introduction to chapter 10 :
Documenting Your Project
Documentation is work that is often neglected by developers and sometimes by managers .
This is often due to a lack of time towards the end of development cycles , and the fact that people think they are bad at writing .
Some of them are bad , but the majority of them are able to produce fine documentation .
In any case , the result is a disorganized documentation made of documents that are written in a rush .
Developers hate doing this kind of work most of the time .
Things get even worse when existing documents need to be updated .
Many projects out there are just providing poor , out - of - date documentation because the manager does not know how to deal with it .
But setting up a documentation process at the beginning of the project and treating documents as if they were modules of code makes documenting easier .
Writing can even be fun when a few rules are followed .
This chapter provides a few tips to start documenting your project through :
The seven rules of technical writing that summarize the best practices
A reStructuredText primer , which is a plain text markup syntax used in most Python projects
A guide for building good project documentation
Writing good documentation is easier in many aspects than writing a code .
Most developers think it is very hard , but by following a simple set of rules it becomes really easy .
We are not talking here about writing a book of poems but a comprehensive piece of text that can be used to understand a design , an API , or anything that makes up the code base .
The Seven Rules of Technical Writing
Every developer is able to produce such material , and this section provides seven rules that can be applied in all cases .
Write in two steps : Focus on ideas , and then on reviewing and shaping your text .
Focus on ideas , and then on reviewing and shaping your text .
Target the readership :
Who is going to read it ?
Who is going to read it ?
Use a simple style : Keep it straight and simple .
Use good grammar .
Keep it straight and simple .
Use good grammar .
Limit the scope of the information : Introduce one concept at a time .
Introduce one concept at a time .
Use realistic code examples : Foos and bars should be dropped .
Foos and bars should be dropped .
Use a light but sufficient approach :
You are not writing a book !
You are not writing a book !
Use templates :
Help the readers to get habits .
These rules are mostly inspired and adapted from Agile Documenting , a book by Andreas Ruping that focuses on producing the best documentation in software projects .
Doctest , How I Loathe
Thee
Andrew Bennets has written a series of blog entries on why doctest makes poor unittests .
I agree with a lot of what he has to say , and this was brought home to me again when working on ConfigObj which is tested with doctest .
Note doctest is a Python testing tool .
It executes interactive code sessions ( typically cut and pasted from an interactive interpreter ) embedded in documentation or docstrings .
It produces failure messages if the actual output from executing the embedded code differs from what is specified in the source .
It is a great tool for checking that examples in documentation / docstrings still work ; but in my opinion it makes a poor unit testing tool .
Thankfully unittest is great at this .
Some of my pet peeves Andrew covered .
Particularly that because doctest is comparing the output of your code to a text source you can't output arbitrarily ordered data like dictionaries .
Instead you have to compare your data to known good data - and the result of this is either True or False .
If it is False then that 's all you get , you do n't get to see what your data actually was - not helpful as a diagnostic tool .
Even worse , try adding prints into relevant parts of your code for diagnostics .
The prints mean extraneous output - so all your tests start failing ...
It 's not as if you can copy your test case into a separate file either , every line starts with '>>>' or '...'.
Another nit , that could probably be fixed , is that when a line in a test fails execution continues .
Normally this means a cascade of failures and you have to dig through the output to find which is the real failure .
Chinese Metaclasses in Five Minutes
" The type of magical changes in the yuan than 99 % of users are worried about more , when you really do not understand the need to use it , do not need that . "
Someone has translated my Metaclasses in Five Minutes article into Chinese : Chinese Metaclasses in Five Minutes
Yuan category known as Python 's " profound witchcraft . "
You need to use it very few places ( unless you zope - based programming ) , the fact that it can be the basis of theory is in fact surprisingly easy to understand .
Garbled translations courtesy of Google Translate .
Changes to ConfigObj in SVN
There is a new version of ConfigObj nearly ready .
ConfigObj is a powerful but simple to use module for reading , writing and validating ' ini style ' configuration files .
All the changes , along with tests , are checked into Subversion :
There are several new features and bugfixes .
If you use ConfigObj , particularly if you use confispecs and config file validation , then I would appreciate you trying out the latest version and letting me know if breaks anything .
New features :
Pickle support Pickling a ConfigObj instance is generally a pointless exercise as ConfigObj is intended for persistence anyway : you can always just call write ...
Unfortunately pickle support is needed for use with libraries like Parallel Python that provided shared access between process using serialization .
Thanks to Christian Heimes for providing the code .
Hashes in configspec files broken
Thanks to Jeffrey Barish for reporting this .
Configspecs are also parsed by ConfigObj but have an incompatible syntax with config files .
In order to fix this I had to turn off the parsing of inline comments in configspecs .
This will only affect you if you are using copy =True when validating and expecting inline comments to be copied from the configspec into the ConfigObj instance ( all other comments will be copied as usual ) .
If you create the configspec by passing in a ConfigObj instance ( usual way is to pass in a filename or list of lines ) then you should pass in _inspec=True to the constructor to allow hashes in values .
This is the magic that switches off inline comment parsing .
Repeated values now allowed in configspecs
You have always been able to specify that all sections ( or sub-sections ) in a config file are to be validated with the same specification by providing a __many__ section in the configspec .
You can now specify that all values in a section / sub-section should be validated with the same specification by providing __many__ as a value .
If you want to use this feature in a section that also has a __many__ sub-section then the repeated value can be called ___many___ ( note the triple underscores ) instead .
As an example , the following configspec specifies that every value in a config file ( and every section it contains ) must be an integer : ___many___ = integer [ __many__ ] __many__ = integer
Expected sections as scalars or vice - versa Under the current version of ConfigObj , if your configspec specifies a section and a scalar value is supplied instead - or vice - versa - then ConfigObj will crash .
This is now fixed ( but the config file is still screwed ) .
In the process of working on the configspec handling code to implement the new feature and the bugfixes I ripped out and reimplemented most of it ( thanks Nicola Larosa for making me write tests ! ) .
I discovered a couple of restrictions on how you can write config file specifications that were merely an artefact of how the code was written .
The code is now simpler and several restrictions have been removed :
Previously a __many__ section had to be the only sub-section in a section - now __many__ can appear alongside other sections and will only be used to validate sub-sections that do n't have an explicit validation section .
section had to be the only sub-section in a section - now can appear alongside other sections and will only be used to validate sub-sections that do n't have an explicit validation section .
You can now create an empty ConfigObj with a configspec , programmatically set values and then validate .
This would only partly work before .
Despite the rewrite and these changes the API is almost entirely unchanged .
The major change is that when you create a ConfigObj instance and provide a configspec , the configspec attribute is only set on the ConfigObj instance - it is n't set on the sections until you set validate .
You also ca n't set the configspec attribute to be a dictionary .
This was n't documented but did work previously .
The next release will be 4.6.0 and will follow soon .
There are also minor changes to validate .
These are minor changes that should be backwards compatible ; in order to get the tests passing under Python 2.5 & 2.6 .
Archives
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A council has become the first in London to rule that smokers will no longer be able to foster children .
A smoker lights up a cigarette in a public place near the Stade de Geneve in Geneva August 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
Redbridge Council ’s cabinet agreed Tuesday night to a ban on placing children with foster carers who smoke unless there are exceptional circumstances .
The local authority in northeast London said the decision , which will come into force in 2010 , was made to protect children from the “ damaging effects of passive and second - hand smoke . ”
Other councils around the country have introduced similar measures , particularly relating to very young children , but Redbridge ’s ban is thought to be the most far - reaching .
“ We know this is a difficult issue because some people will feel it is an intrusion on personal freedoms , ” said Councilor Michael Stark .
“ But we also know that smoking increases the risk of serious illness in childhood .
On balance , we have decided children in our care should n’t grow up breathing second - hand smoke . ”
The council cited scientific evidence that showed passive smoking caused lung cancer and childhood respiratory disease .
Existing smokers will be told of the new policy and given help to quit .
The Fostering Network , a charity which represents groups involved in fostering , said it believed no child under five should be placed with carers who smoked .
However the charity , which estimates there is a shortfall of some 10,000 carers , said it did not want potentially good foster parents to be put off because they had an occasional cigarette .
Tobacco lobby groups said the move was part of an “ ongoing campaign to stigmatize smokers . ”
“ It ’s going to exclude people who could be outstanding foster parents , ” said a spokesman for pro-smoking group Forest .
“ It sends out an insidious message that smokers in general are unfit parents and I do n’t think any politician has the right to do that . ”
PETA wo n’t like this shot , but we can promise that no animal was hurt in the taking of this photograph .
No , that probably happened after the shot was taken ;-)
Om nom nom nom
Raw Video :
An Alicante man is finally to get a long awaited operation to remove a 30 kilo tumor from his stomach after doctors wrongly diagnosed him as being obese .
The myth of over - population By Antonia Feitz
web posted May 8 , 2000
The world is over - populated and heading towards demographic catastrophe , right ?
Wrong .
According to Max Singer , writing in The Atlantic Monthly of August 1999 , " Unless people 's values change greatly , several centuries from now there could be fewer people living in the entire world than live in the United States today . "
How does he come to this startling and unorthodox view ?
Simply because no demographer predicted that when fertility dropped to replacement level - which is 2.1 child per woman per lifetime - it would keep falling .
But it has .
In Western Europe , Japan and the East Asian tiger economies , the total fertility rate ( TFR ) is 1.5 . and falling .
Italy 's has fallen to a national suicidal 1.2 .
North African immigrants look like inheriting Italy .
Fearing a population explosion because the population grew exponentially over the past two centuries is like fearing your baby will grow to 1000 pounds because it doubles its weight three times the first seven years , says Singer .
In the 1960s , population grew at 2 per cent .
It 's now growing at 1 per cent and if it continues to drop as the pattern suggests it will , it will head into negative numbers .
Many demographers now think the world 's population will peak at 8 billion within fifty years or so , and then go into a rapid decline .
So far from facing a population explosion , we 're more likely looking at a population implosion .
According to Pierre Chaunu , professor emeritus of the Sorbonne and member of the French Academy , the implosion began fifty years ago .
He said there 's been little recognition of the demographic collapse of the West , which will take a time lag of thirty years to become obvious because of longevity .
" According to my calculations , in the totality of the planet , the generations will not be replaced beginning the year 2020 . " [ 1 ]
Though the UN announced that the world 's population reached 6 billion on October 12 1999 , Chaunu denounced the claim as " false " .
He says that African population figures are inflated , doubts China 's figures , and notes that in the former USSR , where there is one live birth for every 7 abortions , 292 million people have never existed .
Then there 's the 80 - 120 million killed under communism who have n't been officially recognised as being not part of their countries ' population statistics .
So why the population explosion scare ?
Chaunu says the international agencies have to justify the huge sums spent on imposing authoritarian birth control programmes in many countries .
So they claim imminent danger for the planet through ' over - population ' .
He also indicated that a " certain number of North American experts play with fear : fear of invasion and asphyxiation by the citizens of the third world . "
In plain English , they 're playing the race card : there 's not too many people , just too many of THEM .
Now we 're getting the picture .
There 's even a Voluntary Human Extinction Movement .
Its website ( www.vhemt.org) proclaims the usual people - hating message with the usual pagan overtones in the usual emotive rhetoric : " ... the hopeful alternative to the extinction of millions , possibly billions , of species of plants and animals is the voluntary extinction of one species : Homo sapiens ...us .
" Each time another one of us decides to not add another one of us to the burgeoning billions already squatting on this ravaged planet , another ray of hope shines through the gloom .
When every human chooses to stop breeding , Earth 's biosphere will be allowed to return to its former glory ... Good health will be restored to the Earth 's ecology ... to the life form known by many as Gaia .
It 's going to take all of us going . " [ 2 ] .
Such self - loathing is pathological .
Then there 's Sister Miriam MacGillis , an American nun who presents seminars on ecology and spirituality .
Though her own God charged man to be fruitful and multiply , she claims humans are like cancer cells devouring the host .
Ozone depletion , global warming , genetic deformities and deforestation are all symptoms of the human ' cancer ' destroying the environment according to her warped and decidedly un-Christian thinking .
[ 3 ]
The likes of her are talking nonsense .
Some readers may be surprised , but there is no scientific consensus that global warming is actually a problem .
Many scientists think it could even be beneficial .
And what arrogance it is to suggest the world 's climate should remain exactly as it was in the baby boomers ' youth !
Sea levels have risen and fallen before .
Antarctica was once lush .
Ice ages have come and gone .
Perhaps we should have the humility to accept that Nature knows what she 's doing .
Though about $ 2 billion a year is spent on projects designed to produce " evidence " to justify the harsh global energy rationing , they have failed to deliver the goods .
Consequently , despite strong political pressure to support the Kyoto Treaty , more than 17,000 scientists , two - thirds with advanced degrees and many in climatology , have signed a petition which reads as follows :
" We urge the United States government to reject the global warming agreement that was written in Kyoto , Japan , in December , 1997 , and any other similar proposals .
The proposed limits on greenhouse gases would harm the environment , hinder the advance of science and technology , and damage the health and welfare of mankind .
" There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide , methane , or other greenhouse gases is causing , or will , in the foreseeable future , cause catastrophic heating of the Earth 's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth 's climate .
Moreover , there is substantial scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural plant and animal environments of the Earth ... " [ 4 ]
Compare their informed testimony with the astonishing fact that President Clinton has issued a directive to his President 's Council on Sustainable Development ( PCSD ) that the science of global warming is not to be discussed any more ! [ 5 ] .
Yes , despite the scepticism of reputable scientists , the UN has banned discussion of the science of global warming .
Instead the UN , the NGOs , and compliant governments continue to spend millions of dollars on propaganda campaigns .
With this level of propaganda , no wonder it's hard for people to contemplate the idea that over - population might be a myth .
Yet according to Nicholas Eberstadt , who holds the Wendt Chair in Political Economy at the American Enterprise Institute , the planet - wide TFR decline over the past four decades " has already curbed the relative and absolute pace of world population growth , in spite of increased life expectancy . "
In the early 1950s the planet - wide TFR was 5 ; in 2001 it will be 2.8 .
And falling . [ 6 ] .
The figures he quotes are astonishing : 79 countries and territories , with 44 per cent of the world 's population , are now in the below - replacement category .
These include 27 of the 29 OECD countries , plus Japan , Hong Kong , South Korea , Singapore and Taiwan .
Bulgaria has the lowest TFR ever witnessed in a modern nation not at war - just 1.14 births per woman per lifetime .
If that rate remains , each new generation in Bulgaria will be half the size of the preceding one .
That 's how quickly things can change .
Then there 's the above - replacement but rapidly declining group of countries .
According to the UN Population Division , TFRs for the less developed regions dropped by half in the past four decades - down from 6 births per woman per lifetime to 3 .
And falling .
In Asia , TFRs have dropped by half as they have in Latin America and the Caribbean .
Coercive family planning programmes are not needed : the fertility decline in Brazil , which never sponsored family planning , has been almost identical to Mexico 's which did .
And finally there is the high and resistant high fertility group .
These are sub -Saharan Africa and the Arab Middle Eastern countries which comprise under a sixth of the world 's total population .
Some people are beginning to describe them as child rich .
It 's all very interesting and contrary to the environmental doomsdayers ' predictions .
It seems we are not facing the Malthusian spectre of uncontrolled breeding .
Quite the contrary .
The Japanese island of Oshima is giving us an inkling of what the future may be like .
Children are so rare that an old people 's home set up dummies of a little boy and a pig - tailed little girl waving on the front porch " to soften the atmosphere of the place " , according to the manager . [ 7 ]
The majority of people are old .
Octogenarians outnumber teenagers three to one ; septuagenarians outnumber teenagers by seven to one .
The paper seller is 84 , as is the barber .
The workers who manoeuvre the heavy ferry gang - plank are grey - haired .
A sprightly octogenarian prepares meals - on - wheels for the housebound .
Many schools are empty as there are so few children .
As people die , houses are abandoned .
Twenty years ago , one village had 500 people ; now there are 230 ; in another twenty years there might be none .
The town of Towa 's population was 20,670 in 1945 ; under 10,000 in 1970 ; and 5553 in 2000 .
There 's just one little eight - year - old girl in second grade at Towa 's elementary school .
According to the reporter , " what has happened here will also happen , to one degree or another , throughout Japan - and in many other developed countries . "
Japan's TFR is 1.39 .
The Japanese government is in a state of " low level panic " , realising it 's too late now to reverse the inevitable decline .
It has estimated that without any increase in fertility , " its population will have fallen from 125 million today to just 500 by the end of the next millennium ... " ( News Weekly , 6/11/99 ) .
Of course that wo n't happen , but it 's very exotic food for thought .
1 . " French Demographer Denounces UN World Population Claims " ,10 - 7- 99 , PARIS ( ZENIT )
2. Washington Times , 3/3/99 .
3 . The Evening Post ( Wellington , New Zealand ) , 19/2/99 .
4 . http://www.sitewave.net/pproject/
5. Charles Lamb , " Not Another Dime for the UN " , WorldNetDaily , March 30 1999 ,
http://www.worldnetdaily.com/bluesky_lamb?19990330_xchla_not_anothe.shtml
6. News Weekly ( Australia ) , 12/2/00 .
7. The Australian Magazine , 8-9/1/00 .
Antonia Feitz is a senior writer for Enter Stage Right .
Selders rolled his eyes .
“ Yes . . . it is already done , ” he said , wiggling his fingers as if casting a spell .
Later , when I asked what he thought about Calagione ’s plan , he shook his head .
“ Yeah .
Not going to happen . ”
But Calagione overheard him .
“ They did n’t want to do continual hopping , either ! ” he said .
The last stage of the brewing process was the most unorthodox .
Traditionally , sahti is flavored with juniper alone , but Calagione wanted something more unusual .
After the hops and the juniper berries had been added to the wort , he took the bag of spices from his truck and steeped it in a bucket of hot water .
The mixture contained cardamom , coriander , ginger , allspice , rampe leaves , lemongrass , curry powder , and black tea , custom blended for Calagione in India .
It would be added at the last moment , he said , so that its volatile flavors would n’t boil off .
The idea was to amplify the already spicy flavors of the juniper berries and the Hefeweizen yeast — to turn the sahti into Sahtea .
Selders walked over to the bucket and crouched down beside it .
He took a wooden spoon and trailed it through the inky gunk .
“ You want to use all of this ? ” he said .
“ Because this is a lot of tea , dude . ”
Calagione nodded , a little sheepishly .
“ We ’ll see .
We might want to use all of it . ”
Selders stared at the tea .
He lifted a spoonful to his nose and took a cautious sniff .
“ So you went with curry , huh ? ”
“ Nowhere near as much as I did with coriander and lemongrass . ”
“ My God . ”
Restraint can have its advantages .
A well - made German beer is both tasty and relatively wholesome : in Bavaria , it ’s considered a foodstuff and included in soldiers ’ rations .
It ’s unlikely to give you a headache , upset your stomach , or cause an allergic reaction , as the acids and biological amines in Belgian lambics may , and it can have a surprising range of flavors — from sweet Helles to dark Doppelbock to smoky Rauchbier .
The strictures of the Reinheitsgebot have helped turn German brewers into the most resourceful and technically capable in the world .
By mixing and matching strains of yeast , varieties of hops , and pale or roasted grains , they can produce almost any flavor found in fruit or spice .
With three ingredients , they can give the illusion of a dozen .
“ Someday , son , this will all belong to the Chinese . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The same discipline , if not creativity , has helped make Budweiser the most popular beer in the world .
Its sheer consistency , across tens of billions of bottles and cans , is a technical marvel , and even the crankiest craft brewers harbor a secret admiration for it .
When I was in Belgium recently , I visited the Trappist monastery at Orval , near the French Ardennes .
Orval is home to one of the world ’s great beers : a dry , earthy , multilayered concoction made with brewer ’s yeast and a wild strain called Brettanomyces .
The monastery is circled by sandstone walls like a medieval fortress ( it was founded in the twelfth century and rebuilt in the nineteen - twenties ) , but its brewery is as high tech as any I ’ve seen .
From the grain bins in the attic to the onion - domed copper kettles on the middle floors to the fermentation tanks in the basement , the operation is largely gravity - driven and computer - controlled — an android in a monk ’s robe .
I asked the brewmaster , Jean - Marie Rock , which American beer he likes best .
He thought for a moment , squinting down his bladelike nose , and narrowed his lips to a point .
Then he raised a finger in the air .
“ Budweiser ! ” he said .
“ Tell them that the brewer at Orval likes Budweiser ! ” He smiled .
“ I know they detest it , but it is quite good . ”
Later , though , when he described the newest beers coming out of Belgium , they sounded a good deal closer to Calagione’s .
“ People would rather pay a little more and have a special product than to pay a lot for a Pilsner and have something banal , ” he said .
“ I like Budweiser , but I would n’t pay two euros for a Budweiser . ”
Even at Dogfish , the line between high end and low , industrial and craft , can get blurry .
As Selders was piping the cooked wort into the fermentation tank that day , he turned to Calagione and me with a grin .
“ Is everyone excited about Budweiser American Ale ? ” he said .
“ It ’s going to taste great ! ” Calagione gave him a flat , brooding look .
He knew he was being baited .
Anheuser - Busch had been advertising its newest product all summer , clearly targeting the craft - beer market .
Like other ales , the new beer is brewed at a relatively high temperature with a top - fermenting yeast .
It ’s a little fruitier and more full - flavored than regular Budweiser , which , like all lagers , is brewed at a lower temperature with a bottom - fermenting yeast .
In regular Budweiser , the bitterness of the hops is kept “ at the threshold of perception , ” in Garrett Oliver ’s words .
American
Ale has more of a bite , thanks to a dose of whole Cascade hops — a craft - brewer favorite — that ’s added to the beer during a second fermentation .
“ Those people know what they ’re doing , ” Selders said , goading Calagione .
“ What , you do n’t think it ’s true ? ”
“ I think they can make a technically correct beer .
But I do n’t even want to try it . ”
“ As a brewer , you ’re obligated to try it . ”
“ To give you some context for why it ’s so distasteful to me , ” Calagione said .
“ At the same time that they ’re making this relatively hoppy wanna - be craft beer that exists only to confuse the consumer — so that they can be culture vultures — they are running ads that say that the darker a beer is the more impurities it has .
It ’s beer racism . ”
“ Beer racism ! ”
“ You do n’t see the hypocrisy in that ? ”
“ I see it .
But if you are going to take that stance you should n’t shop at Food Lion , should n’t go to Borders , should n’t do any of that stuff . ”
Calagione shrugged and grabbed a shovel , then climbed into the kettle and began scooping out the spent mash .
He liked to frame his business as an epic battle between small , stouthearted brewers and their evil industrial overlords .
But his loyalty to craft beer was more in the manner of a guy who has rooted for the underdog all his life .
( His own football teams , in junior high and high school , had a combined record of 0 – 72 –2 ) .
“ Look , ” he told me later .
“ I ’m not afraid to pay compliments where compliments are due .
Anheuser - Busch ’s quality — if quality is consistency — is second to none .
But I ’m frustrated that that one beer has been hammered down people ’s throats .
I mean , banana cream pie may be your favorite fucking food .
But if you ate banana cream pie every day you would hate it , too . ”
Every year at the end of the summer , Calagione throws a bocce tournament in Milton , on the brewery ’s two oyster - shell courts .
“ Bocce ’s an Italian thing , ” he says .
“ But it ’s also a sport that you can play without putting down your beer . ”
The tournament culminates in the evening , when a large catapult is rolled out onto the lawn .
The catapult was built by Frank Payton , the same maintenance man who found the river rocks for the sahti , and was designed to hurl pumpkins — a fall tradition in Delaware .
In this case , it ’s armed with thirty cans of industrial beer and fired , with a precision born of years of practice , into a gargantuan sculpture of a toilet a hundred yards away .
“ We tried to throw a keg once , ” Calagione told me .
“ But it misfired and knocked down a street lamp . ”
The event evokes earlier , wackier days , but its anti-establishment vibe can seem a little at odds with the rather large factory beside it .
Dogfish now sells about twenty - five million bottles ’ worth of beer a year .
It has almost quadrupled in size since 2004 , but still can’t meet demand : about a fifth of its orders go unfilled .
Calagione ’s salvaged kettles have been replaced by a state - of - the - art brewery , his ski goggles and garbage bags by an automated bottle - filling line and a three - person microbiology department .
( Every beer is tested forty times per batch , including blind tastings in a sensory lab . )
When the facility expanded last year , the roof had to be cut open so that a crane could drop in nine new three - story tanks .
Well before that , the brewery ’s wastewater had overwhelmed the town ’s sewage system : the yeasts in it were outcompeting the bacteria used for waste treatment .
The water is now trucked out several times a day and sprayed on local farms .
“ Sam is the Adolphus Busch of his generation , ” the beer historian Maureen Ogle told me .
But he has plenty of rivals .
Koch ’s Boston Beer Company , for one , still makes twenty - five times more beer .
The Darwinian beer wars of the past decade have tended to leave the best brewers standing .
While sales of wine and spirits grew by between two and four per cent last year , craft - beer sales grew by twelve per cent .
“ Part of what we ’re seeing is a return to normality , ” Garrett Oliver told me .
“ It ’s weird for a country of three hundred million to have one kind of beer .
But we ’re getting back to what we had before — and unless we go into a deep depression it ’s never going back . ”
Oliver , who is forty - six and black , with a trim beard and a resonant voice , has done his best to become the respectable face of craft brewing — its Orson Welles .
While Calagione wears jeans and a rumpled shirt even on the “ Today ” show , Oliver attends almost every event in a jacket and tie .
One blazer bears the Brooklyn Brewery logo , woven in steel by the same tailors who stitch crests for the British Royal Family , and his beers have some of the same suavity .
“ From what I ’ve seen , a lot of people still think of us as kids playing with toys , ” he told me .
“ So anything I can do to ennoble beer is worthwhile , whether dressing up the packaging or dressing up for a beer dinner . ”
For all its success , craft beer has yet to reach the mainstream .
Ninety - six per cent of the market — about sixty - seven billion bottles a year — still belongs to non-craft beers and imports .
Oliver remembers talking to a brewer at Anheuser - Busch a few years ago , when sales of Michelob had fallen to about a third of a billion bottles a year .
“ He told me , ‘ I wish that brand would just die . ’
And that one beer was the size of the entire American craft - brewing industry . ”
The disparity is partly a function of poor marketing , Ogle argues — craft brewers are still preaching to the converted — and partly of cultural conditioning .
Until more Americans wean themselves from ketchup , soda , and other sweet foods , they may never enjoy the taste of hops .
“ When I talk to people like Sam , I ’m constantly amazed at how persuaded they are that everyone drinks craft beer , ” she says .
“ If that ’s true , why are they still sitting at four per cent ? ”
In a decade ’s time , Oliver believes , breweries like his could claim a quarter of the market .
( Paul Gatza , director of the Brewers Association , predicts something closer to ten per cent in twenty years . )
But only if they do n’t scare people off first .
“ The whole idea of extreme beer is bad for craft brewing , ” Oliver says .
“ It does n’t expand the tent — it shrinks it .
If I want someone to taste a beer , and I make it sound outlandish and crazy , there is a certain kind of person who will say , ‘ Oh , let me try it . ’
But that is a small audience .
It ’s one that you can build a beer on , but not a movement . ”
Late one morning , Calagione and I drove to Philadelphia to see an archeological chemist he knows named Patrick McGovern .
Calagione looked washed out and a little crotchety — a rare thing — after one too many glasses of grappa the night before .
When I mentioned Oliver ’s misgivings to him , he smirked , as if hearing them for the hundredth time .
“ Garrett and I are good friends , but we definitely disagree on this , ” he said .
“ It ’s a purist versus populist position .
If all of our palates are subjective , who am I and who is Garrett to decide whether there ’s too much hops in a beer , or whether you should be putting lemongrass or rampe leaves in it ?
As long as it finds an audience , it ’s valid . ”
Extreme beer is a return to normality , too , Calagione believes .
It ’s just the normality of a thousand years ago , or several thousand , rather than a hundred .
If the Reinheitsgebot is still the touchstone for most American brewers , Calagione ’s is a bronze bowl from King Midas ’ tomb .
The historical Midas was a Phrygian ruler in what is now central Turkey .
When he or one of his close relatives was buried , around 730 B.C. , the tomb was filled with more than a hundred and fifty drinking vessels — parting toasts to the dead king .
By the time they were excavated , in 1957 , the liquid inside them had evaporated .
But Patrick McGovern , forty years later , was able to analyze some residue from a bowl and identify its chemical content .
By matching the compounds to those found in the foods and spices of ancient Turkey , McGovern gradually pieced together the liquid ’s main ingredients : honey , barley , and grapes , and a yellow substance that was probably saffron .
It was a beer , but like none we ’ve ever tasted .
“ Beer is a much older concept than the Reinheitsgebot , ” McGovern told us later , at the University of Pennsylvania .
He was sitting at a chipped metal desk in his basement office at the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology , surrounded by sagging bookshelves and dusty lab equipment : a furnace , a microscale , a spectrometer , a liquid chromatograph .
Here and there , chunks of pottery and other artifacts were wrapped in plastic or aluminum foil and stuffed in file drawers or ratty cardboard cases .
“ You ’re taking nine thousand years of brewing history and just looking at the last five hundred years of it , ” he said .
McGovern is a wizardly figure with a long white beard and large glasses that seem to draw his eyes together at the inner corners .
He has a quiet but penetrating voice , a sharp wit , and a near total lack of pretension .
( When brewing at Dogfish , he has been known to pour himself a chicory stout for breakfast . )
He and Calagione first met eight years ago , at a dinner in honor of Michael Jackson , the great British beer writer .
McGovern had recently published his findings on King Midas and was hoping to convince someone to make a modern - day replica of the beverage .
( Anchor Brewing had done something similar a few years earlier , when it made a beer based on an ancient Sumerian hymn to the beer goddess , Ninkasi . )
As it turned out , several brewers took up the challenge and sent beers to his house over the next few months .
“ Some were pretty good , ” he says .
“ But Dogfish Head ’s was the best . ”
Before barack Obama can enter the White House , he will be forced to face the moment that every self - respecting master of the universe probably dreads : he must surrender his beloved BlackBerry personal data assistant .
The President - elect learnt yesterday that security concerns and America 's open government laws mean he is unlikely to be able to use the device , pinned to his belt throughout the campaign , after taking office in January .
Under the Presidential Records Act , all Mr Obama 's personal correspondence becomes part of the official record after he is sworn in , making any emails open to public review and subpoena .
Since this makes it impossible to communicate freely by electronic means , The New York Times reported yesterday that Mr Obama was " doubtful " that he would be America 's first emailing president .
Despite having changed his mobile telephone number , Mr Obama 's email address has remained the same for years , allowing him to remain in touch with old friends , and providing a direct line for political reporters throughout the campaign .
He will not be the first new president to be required to stop sending emails .
Eight years ago , President George Bush emailed friends to reveal that the address g94b@aol.com would be entering retirement , since : " I do not want my private conversations looked at by those out to embarrass . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Obama 's Democratic Party campaign staff are luckier , though .
They will receive an extra month 's pay , and be able to keep the laptops and BlackBerries they were issued with , by way of a victory bonus .
Latest News - November 3 , 2008
In additional to the new look of our homepage , we have two other major announcements :
1 . We 're introducing a new product - the IR2BTci .
Please visit the " product " and " faq " links on the left for details .
2 . With the introduction of the IR2BTci ,
we 'll be discontinuing sales of the original IR2BT converter .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has died following a bout with cancer , Obama and his sister , Maya Soetoro - Ng , said Monday .
She was 86 .
At a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , Monday night , the Illinois senator said " she has gone home and she died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side . "
" I 'm not going to talk about it long because it 's hard to talk about , " he added .
Obama remembered her as " one of those quiet heroes we have across America , who are n't famous ... but each and every day they work hard .
They look after their families .
They look after their children and their grandchildren . "
In a statement released Monday afternoon , Obama and his sister said that Dunham was " the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility . "
Watch CNN contributors discuss Obama 's grandmother »
" She was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances .
She was proud of her grandchildren and great - grandchildren and left this world with the knowledge that her impact on all of us was meaningful and enduring .
Our debt to her is beyond measure . "
Obama and Soetoro - Ng asked that donations be made for the search for a cure for cancer in lieu of flowers .
A small private ceremony will be held " at a later date . "
Dunham passed away peacefully at her home shortly before midnight Sunday night ( 5 a.m. ET ) , campaign spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN .
She said Obama learned of her death around 8 a.m .
Obama 's republican rival , Sen. John McCain , issued a statement Monday afternoon :
" We offer our deepest condolences to Barack Obama and his family as they grieve the loss of their beloved grandmother .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives . "
The Democratic presidential candidate left the campaign trail on October 23 and flew to Honolulu , Hawaii , to spend the day with Dunham , whose health deteriorated after she suffered a broken hip .
His wife , Michelle Obama , filled in for him at events in Columbus and Akron , Ohio , on October 24 .
Obama said in an interview taped for that day 's " Good Morning America " that Dunham had been " inundated " with flowers and messages from strangers who read about her in Obama 's 1995 book , " Dreams From My Father . "
" Maybe she is getting a sense of long - deserved recognition toward the end of her life , " he said .
Watch Obama tell supporters that his grandmother was " one of those quiet heroes " »
The candidate resumed his campaign on October 25 .
Obama has spoken often about his grandmother -- who helped raise him -- as an integral figure in his youth and how she struggled against the glass ceiling in her career .
He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her .
" She 's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life , " he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention .
" She poured everything she had into me .
And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight , and that tonight is her night as well . "
CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama
Information
Filename : greekisland.jpg
Size : 460x223
Uploaded : 2008 -11-08
Tags
greek island
Popular tags on the site
falco ebooks avril soepkip rx7 ranma bonton magic fxc death_note chubby cheerleader krystal family 1nsane cat motivational glastonbury sprites mariage cia comic ryushin_09 forza emma stephy 1999 rippenspreizer ka_series_l ryushin_14 megaten renee himos dubai shevington manga smashing dilbert yuko giger jessica wallpaper hr_giger spain rwpeuro2006 donnamodelo.com paintball bier ryushin_15
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Northville , Mich .- based Main Street Bank and Eldred , Ill. - based Meridian
Bank became the latest victims of the ongoing financial crisis on Friday , when they folded and their deposits were transferred by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
The closures are the 14th and 15th bank failures so far this year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Swiss voters have approved a radical health policy that offers prescription heroin to addicts on a permanent basis .
Final results from the national referendum showed 68 % of voters supported the plan .
The scheme , allowing addicts to inject the drug under medical supervision at a clinic , began in Zurich 14 years ago before spreading across the country .
But in another referendum vote , 63 % of voters rejected the decriminalisation of cannabis .
The heroin vote was one of a series of referendums held to decide policy on illegal drugs .
SWISS HEROIN PROGRAMME Running since 1994 Used by 1,300 addicts Includes 23 centres nationwide Also offers psychiatric counseling
Radical Swiss plan
Under the scheme , addicts visit clinics up to twice a day , where they inject the drug under medical supervision .
They can also be treated for other medical issues or mental health problems , out correspondent says .
The policy is described as one of last resort - prescribing addicts with the very drug that caused their problems in the first place - but supporters say it works , and Swiss voters appear to have agreed , the BBC's Imogen Foulkes in Berne says .
Switzerland will be the first country to include it in government policy .
Supporters say it has had positive results - getting long - term addicts out of Switzerland 's once notorious " needle parks " and reducing drug - related crime .
Opponents say heroin prescription sends the wrong message to young people and harms the addicts themselves .
On the cannabis issue , the government had opposed a change to the law .
Swiss police regularly turn a blind eye to moderate cannabis use .
But recent studies suggesting that long - term use of the drug may be more harmful than previously thought had looked likely to encourage a " No " to decriminalisation .
Jo Lang , a Green Party MP from Zug , said he was disappointed that the proposal to change the law on cannabis had failed .
" People have died from alcohol and heroin , but not from cannabis , " said Mr Lang .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Take a look at idealogues who dominate the [ talk ] industry today , " he told me .
" Nobody who straddles [ the local and national scene ] like I do has success at a national level unless they work at the ends of the political spectrum .
I 'm never going to be Rachel Maddow or Keith Olbermann . "
He agreed that making his decision public was " not in my professional best interest , but it 's how I see it .
Mine is an opinion , purely based on a lot of circumspection .
I 'm fortunate that I 've chatted with both , been in their presence , so this is not uninformed decision . "
There 's probably no better example than the outlandish and , quite frankly , idiotic food " facts " that get spread around .
To listen to these people , half the stuff in your refrigerator is a dangerous substance that was originally designed as a chemical weapon .
Is it us , or was most of the information on the internet created purely as an experiment to see how gullible people are ?
7 Coca -Cola Will Melt Your Stomach
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This rumor names Coca - Cola , but presumably applies to Pepsi , RC , Dr. Pepper , all of those drinks that you always thought were just harmless caramel - flavored CO2 and high fructose corn syrup .
That is , until this email came along with horrifying factoids like :
" You can put a T - bone steak in a bowl of Coke and it will be gone in two days .
The active ingredient in Coke is phosphoric acid .
Its pH is 2.8 .
It will dissolve a nail in about 4 days .
Phosphoric acid also leaches calcium from bones and is a major contributor to the rising increase in osteoporosis .
To carry Coca - Cola syrup ( the concentrate ) the commercial truck must use the Hazardous material place cards reserved for Highly corrosive materials . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We get it !
It 's an acid !
An acid so powerful it can eat your bones !
Fuck !
The Facts
There are so many Coke rumors that Snopes has an entire section of their site dedicated to them .
Yes , Coke does contain an acid .
So does a whole lot of what you eat and drink ( orange juice is more acidic , for instance ) .
The key is that the acids are diluted enough that they wo n't eat a hole through your innards .
Products that do that tend to sell poorly .
Now it 's true the trucks carrying the concentrated syrup used to make Coke do have the Corrosive Chemicals signs on them , but that 's because they 're dealing with the concentrated components , not the Coke itself .
Using that as proof
Coke is poison is like saying you can't drink whiskey because it 's flammable .
That 's what makes it good .
James Madison was born at Belle Grove plantation in Port Conway , Virginia on March 16 , 1751 .
A diligent and dedicated public servant , among Madison ’s key achievements were : supporting the Virginia Declaration of Rights and the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom ; helping to produce the Constitution of the United States of America and authoring the Bill of Rights ; collaborating with Alexander Hamilton and John Jay on the Federalist Papers ; leading the Democratic - Republican Party ; serving as Secretary of State ; becoming the fourth president of the United States ; and serving as commander - in - chief in the War of 1812 ( and the only president to lead troops in battle while in office ) .
A respected leader , Madison was known for his brilliant persistence in politics , careful preparation and hard work .
During his childhood , Madison had a host of privileges many lacked during this time .
From the ages of 11 to 16 , he was taught subjects ranging from mathematics , to geography , to Latin .
His studies led him on a journey of fascination with ancient philosophy that would inform his ideas about democracy .
In 1769 , Madison enrolled in the College of New Jersey , now known as Princeton University .
Graduating in 1771 , and longing for further education , Madison became the College of New Jersey ’s first graduate student .
After completing graduate studies , Madison returned home and became involved in local politics , serving as a member of the Orange County Committee of Public Safety in 1774 .
In 1776 , he was elected to the Virginia Legislature .
While serving in the state legislature , Madison began forging a relationship with Thomas Jefferson , a young innovative mind in Virginia at the time .
That same year , at the age of twenty - five , Madison fought to amend the Virginia Declaration of Rights to ground religious liberty in natural rights , not permission of the state .
Madison ’s principle of “ free exercise ” of religion was enacted into law ten years later in the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom , written by Jefferson , but pushed by Madison through the General Assembly .
In 1780 , Madison was chosen to represent Virginia in the Continental Congress ( 1780 - 83 and 1786 - 88 ) .
Although the youngest delegate , he played a major role in the deliberations of that body .
Over time , the weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation , the governing national document at the time , were exposed , and Madison believed the document lacked structure to adequately serve the new democracy .
Madison also grew increasingly displeased with state legislatures and perceived that they too often pandered to the whims of their constituents at an unsustainable rate .
Madison was the main author of the Virginia Plan , a radical departure from the Articles of Confederation .
Drawing on Charles Secondat , Baron de Montesquieu ’s theory of the separation of powers , the Virginia Plan proposed to the Constitutional Convention a three - branch national government elevated over the states but grounded in the sovereignty of the people .
The heart of the proposed national government was a bicameral legislature , with the lower house apportioned according to some combination of wealth and population and elected by the people , and an upper chamber elected by the lower house from a list of candidates nominated by the states .
The second branch was a national judiciary of “ one or more supreme tribunals , ” and various “ inferior tribunals ” appointed with life tenure by the legislature .
The Virginia Plan also included a vaguely defined “ national executive ” “ to be chosen by the National Legislature for a term of _____ years . ”
Madison ’s ideas also innovated the theory of separation of powers by mixing and sharing powers among the branches of the national government to ensure accountability across entities .
While much of the Virginia Plan was accepted by the Committee of the Whole at the Constitutional Convention , many compromises were also made to reach consensus ( such as questions on representation of states in Congress ) and to fill in details ( such as the power and configuration of the executive ) .
With regards to representation , one of the key questions revolved around the issue of slavery .
In a speech at the Constitutional Convention , Madison stated that “ the greatest division of interests in the United States … lay between the northern and southern . ”
To save the framework of the Virginia Plan , Madison proposed a “ compromise ” on representation in the legislature that would give proportional representation to one chamber , slaves included , and representation based only on the number of free inhabitants to the other chamber .
Madison explained , “ By this arrangement the southern [ states ] would have the advantage in one house , and the northern in the other . ”
Ultimately , the state delegates to the Convention agreed on a “ compromise ” proposed by James Wilson and Roger Sherman to include a clause in Article 1 , Section 2 of the Constitution that counted three out of every five slaves as a person for purposes of taxation and representation , thus giving disproportionate representation to slaveholder interests in the House of Representatives until the Civil War .
While Madison has been called the “ Father of the Constitution , ” he himself noted in a letter to William Cogswell in 1834 that the Constitution “ was not , like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom , the offspring of a single brain .
It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands . ”
Indeed , there were many others who made essential contributions to its content , ratification and ideas for the first and most important amendments .
But , Madison played a central role in all of the stages - from the Constitution ’s drafting , to arguing and explaining the Constitution in The Federalist Papers , and to sorting proposals that would become something like the first ten amendments ( after being persuaded by Jefferson to accept the idea of a Bill of Rights ) .
Not only did Madison help shape the Constitution , he was also the first historian of the Constitutional Convention .
Madison ’s notes from the Convention were the most complete set left by any delegate .
Once the Constitution was drafted and awaiting ratification by the states , Madison , John Jay and Alexander Hamilton wrote The Federalist Papers urging citizens , especially in New York , to ratify the new Constitution and explaining how the government would function under it .
The Federalist papers are still considered some of the most innovative and impactful tenets of American political philosophy to date .
Madison authored 29 of the 85 essays .
In The Federalist No. 49 , Madison eloquently explicated the idea of popular sovereignty by which “ The people are the only legitimate fountain of power , and it is from them that the constitutional charter , under which the several branches of government hold their power , is derived . ”
His essays also explained how a compound republic and complex federal system would preserve individual rights and buttress liberty by “ extending the sphere ” to “ take a greater variety of parties and interest , ” thereby making ambition check ambition .
“ Liberty is to faction what air is to fire , an aliment without which it instantly expires , ” Madison wrote in The Federalist No. 10 .
He continued , “ But it could not be less folly to abolish liberty , which is essential to political life , because it nourishes faction , than it would be to wish the annihilation of air , which is essential to animal life , because it imparts to fire its destructive agency . ”
Madison also authored
The Federalist No. 54 , which was an effort to justify the three - fifths rule for counting slaves in the formulation for representation in the lower chamber of Congress .
In the paper , Madison claims to be persuaded by the arguments of “ one of our Southern Brethren , ” that slaves are both “ irrational animals , which fall under the legal denomination of property , ” but are also “ moral persons ” under the law .
The three - fifths rule , therefore reflects their “ mixed character of persons and of property . ”
Madison had argued in The Federalist Papers that the size of the United States and complexity of the federal system would uphold liberty and make it difficult for factions to seize power .
However , after ratification , Madison came to believe that in addition to the structural arrangements in the Constitution , another guarantee was necessary .
In 1791 , he argued that enlightened public opinion would thwart threats to liberty .
He wrote in the “ Popular Basis of Political Authority ” that “ public opinion sets bounds to every government , and is the real sovereign in every free one . ”
In the early 1790s , Madison helped found America ’s first political party , the Democratic - Republicans .
Madison viewed politics as essentially partisan and stated in a speech to the Constitutional Convention on the Right of Suffrage : “ No free country has ever been without parties , which are a natural offspring of freedom . ”
Indeed , he observed later in a letter to Henry Lee that , “ The Constitution itself … must be an unfailing source of party distinctions . ”
Following from his interest in freedom of the press and “ enlightening ” public opinion , Madison also helped found the first party newspaper , the National Gazette , which analyzed and criticized issues and personalities all with an ideological ax to grind , much like FoxNews , MSNBC , The Nation or The New Republic today .
Madison also regularly penned articles to analyze and deconstruct issues and to attack political personalities with whom he and Jefferson disagreed .
Madison served in Congress during the presidency of George Washington and was the chief supporter of his policies and agenda .
Despite originally opposing a Bill of Rights in the Constitution because he believed an enumeration of rights was not a sufficient barrier to government encroachments on individual liberty , Madison ’s most notable accomplishment in Congress was the introduction and guiding to passage of the first ten amendments to the Constitution .
Ratified in 1791 , the Bill of Rights codified constitutional protections for what Jefferson and Madison viewed as fundamental human and civil rights , including religious liberty , freedom of speech , and due process , and rights against unreasonable , unsupported , or impulsive governmental authority .
Madison also led the fight in Congress against the Alien and Sedition Acts , which attempted to suppress opposition to a Federalist foreign policy that favored England over France , and were viewed by Democratic - Republicans as fundamental violations of the Bill of Rights .
When Thomas Jefferson was elected president , he appointed James Madison as Secretary of State .
Perhaps most notably in this position , Madison helped negotiate the Louisiana Purchase , which doubled the size of U.S. territory .
Madison was elected president of the United States in 1808 .
On June 1 , 1812 , Madison urged Congress to declare war against Great Britain , the first war message by an American president , somewhat an irony given that Madison feared and wrote about war as the enemy of liberty and preferred trade war as his policy instrument of choice ( see the Pacificus - Helvidius Debates ) .
At issue in 1812 was evidence that the British were supplying arms to American Indians , who were angered by settlers encroaching on tribal lands in the Michigan and Indiana territories ; by British seizures of American ships ; and by the British seeking to acquire additional territory in Canada and Spanish Florida .
Once a staunch opponent of Alexander Hamilton ’s plans for a national bank , Madison discovered in war the limitations of the principles of states ’ rights , and in his seventh annual message in December 1815 recommended several measures , including chartering the Second Bank of the United States .
The Democratic - Republicans had allowed the first bank to expire in 1811 and with no national bank during the War of 1812 , the federal government lacked a source of currency that exacerbated a financial crisis .
Believing that a national bank was a necessary evil , he signed the bank bill into law in 1816 .
After the presidency , Madison retired to his plantation at Montpelier where he supervised his plantation holdings and slaves .
Madison also advised Jefferson on the founding of the University of Virginia , served on its Board of Visitors and succeeded Jefferson as rector of the university in 1826 .
James Madison was at the center of American constitutionalism .
Perhaps more importantly , he was at the center of the birth of American politics , which is what made constitutionalism work .
As the leader of a party and partisan press , as a dedicated public servant for more than 40 years , we can learn from Madison ’s contributions to democratic theory , to politics and to governance .
Yet , we must also acknowledge his failure to lead on important questions , most notably on the issue of slavery .
As Madison himself wrote in 1787 , " We have seen the Mere Distinction of Colour made in the most enlightened period of time , a ground of the most oppressive dominion ever exercised by man over man . "
If Madison truly believed in freedom of conscience , why did he accept as true that bringing an end to slavery was less important than preserving the integrity of the Union ?
This question of course leads us to ask you :
What social and political issues are you neglecting now that should become more important as you acquire wisdom and positions of influence ?
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canadian prison authorities were forced to release a 450 - pound ( 205 kg ) drug gang member this week because he was too large for his cell , the Journal de Montreal newspaper reported on Wednesday .
Michel Lapointe -- known as Big Mike -- was arrested in September 2006 and received a five - year sentence in May this year .
The paper said he could not fit on the chair in his Montreal prison cell and when he went to bed , his body protruded six inches on either side .
A letter from the authorities to Lapointe said : “ You have been detained for more than 25 months and your prison conditions are difficult because of your health ” .
The authorities also cited the refusal of two other facilities to accept the 37 - year - old .
He was freed late on Tuesday .
“ I ’m going to have a proper bed and finally have a chair I can sit in , ” he told the paper outside the prison .
“ I want a normal life .
I ’ve done some stupid things and I ’ve paid for them , ” he said .
© Matt Davies
“ I ca n’t in good conscience support a tax cut in which so many of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us , at the expense of middle - class Americans who most need tax relief . ”
– McCain on Bush ’s tax cuts , May 2001 .
“ Of course , I might lie constantly too , if I were seeking the Republican presidential nomination [ and ] I had opposed the Bush tax cuts ” – Ann Coulter on John McCain , January 2008 .
Adobe Photoshop is probably one of the most popular graphic editing program used extensively .
There is one simple reason for that .
Photoshop is easy to learn and offer a variety of advanced tools to optimize and emphasize some impressive results .
That ’s why many designers use it to compliment other programs like Flash , Illustrator , Cinema 4D and After Effects .
But wait it does n’t stop here , there is more !
If you need to design an impressive layout , you will sure use Photoshop to do the design and slice it into XHTML later .
This article provides 13 Advanced Adobe Photoshop tutorials which can enrich your design skills and improve the quality of your works whether you are using Flash , Illustrator , After Effects or Web design .
Photoshop wih Cinema 4D
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a nice ghost using Photoshop mixing an image created in Cinema 4D with some photos .
You will also learn how to use the Cloth feature in Cinema 4D .
“ In this tutorial I will walk through the steps I used to create this illustration to bring alive the word “ collide . ”
While you may not find yourself needing to recreate the word “ collide , ” I hope you will find useful the techniques I will cover : extruding text in Cinema 4d , using displacement maps in Cinema 4d , using the explosion deformer in Cinema 4d , exporting to photoshop from Cinema 4d , unique color enhancing techniques in Photoshop , various layer modes applied in Photoshop for great light effects ”
Photoshop wih Flash
In this tutorial , you will learn how to make a Flash parallax scrolling gallery from scratch .
You will learn how to create and add decorative items using photoshop after that the PNG file will be imported to flash file where all the magic begins .
“ As developers who live and breathe Photoshop , we always hated how hard it was to move Photoshop assets into Flash , but Adobe Flash CS3 has seduced us and transformed hate into passionate love .
Specifically , we ’re head over heels about Flash ’s new ability to import Photoshop files , keeping layer ( and most other ) info intact . ”
“ Some Flash effects never seem to go out of style .
One such classic is a zoom - blur effect used on photographs that ’s much more eye - catching than simply zooming in or out on the image .
In this tutorial , we ’ll combine Flash CS3 with Photoshop CS3 to create a similar zoom - blur effect on a photo .
These techniques can be applied to any Photoshop filters and experimentation is the key here . ”
Photoshop wih Illustrator
“ In this tutorial , you will learn how to create a 3D Typography based design .
All the elements will revolve around the centerpiece and theme : dreaming .
The word will dictate the entire layout and control the space by allowing everything else to emerge from within .
The trees will grow out of the letters ; the mountains will show themselves behind the word and overshadow the glowing moon . ”
“ Starting with the design application of Adobe Illustrator create a group of vector based geometric lines at dynamic 45 degree angles , then follow the walkthrough to rough them up with brush textures in Adobe Photoshop resulting in a cool and trendy design style . ”
A great start to finish essay on the creation of an illustrated pseudo - sugar skull using Photoshop and Illustrator .
Photoshop wih After Effects
“ In this tutorial I ’ll recreate a similar look from an older Gnarls Barkley video .
The principles I ’ll cover are foundational and can be used for some incredible animations other than simply imitating a great music video .
I will focus on the following in this tutorial : Using Alpha and Luma Mattes in After Effects , Frame by Frame animation using CS3 ’s Illustrator , Photoshop , and After Effects ”
“ In this Olympic - inspired tutorial , Corey teaches an effect where he extracts areas of an image in Photoshop and then animates them using After effects in order to create a 3D movement effect with the image . ”
Photoshop wih Web Design
A screencast that shows you exactly how to convert a PSD into perfect XHTML / CSS .
You can view a demo here
In this three - part series , Chris will show you exactly how to convert a psd to html .
This series is strongly recommended for those just getting into the field .
In this tutorial you will learn how to take a PSD file and build it with some nice clean HTML and CSS .
Gov. Palin's Alleged Hacker Indicted ; Password Was ' Popcorn '
A 20 - year - old student at the University of Tennessee has been indicted for breaking into one of the email accounts of Gov. Sarah Palin and then posting screenshots of personal information obtained there to a public Web - site .
David Kernell , the son of a Democratic state lawmaker , was led into a Knoxville federal court wearing handcuffs and shackles on his ankles today and was released without posting bond , according to the Associated Press .
According to the indictment , Kernell broke into the account , gov.palin@yahoo.com , by using Yahoo's password recovery tool .
After researching and correctly answering a series of personal questions from Yahoo , Kernell was allowed to reset the password .
He chose ' popcorn , ' according to the indictment .
The personal information he discovered there included the email addresses of family members , pictures of family members and Gov. Palin 's address book for her Yahoo email account .
It was posted on www.4CHAN.org.
Learning of an investigation , Kernell " removed , altered , concealed and covered up files on his laptop computer , " the indictment says .
Trial is set for Dec. 16 .
He faces a maximum of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and three years of supervised release .
By Peter Whoriskey | October 8 , 2008 ; 3:05 PM ET | Category : Peter Whoriskey
Previous : Fallout 3 Hits Metro Center | Next : FCC Wants to Know If Gov't Paid Military Officers To Sell War
Add Post I.T. to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Stay on top of the latest Post I.T. news !
This easy - to - use widget is simple to add to your own Web site and will update every time there 's a new installment of Post I.T .
Blogs That Reference This Entry
TrackBack URL for this entry :
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/cgi-bin/mt/mt-tb.cgi/25730
Posted by : www.babeled.com | October 8 , 2008 3:41 PM
Posted by : TPS | October 8 , 2008 3:43 PM
Posted by : www.babeled.com is a GOP Idiot Pawn | October 8 , 2008 3:45 PM
Posted by : Steve W. | October 8 , 2008 3:47 PM
Posted by : Bob | October 8 , 2008 3:48 PM
Posted by : ps99 | October 8 , 2008 3:49 PM
Posted by : Trashman | October 8 , 2008 3:49 PM
Posted by : Vladimir Orlovsky | October 8 , 2008 3:50 PM
Posted by : Ted | October 8 , 2008 3:51 PM
Posted by : Jim Dean | October 8 , 2008 3:54 PM
Posted by : Steve W. | October 8 , 2008 3:55 PM
Posted by : watcher | October 8 , 2008 3:55 PM
Posted by : Goliath | October 8 , 2008 3:59 PM
Posted by : tee - hee | October 8 , 2008 4:02 PM
Posted by : elemental | October 8 , 2008 4:05 PM
Posted by : Vince | October 8 , 2008 4:06 PM
Posted by : Merrell | October 8 , 2008 4:08 PM
Posted by : rs | October 8 , 2008 4:15 PM
Posted by : Uncle Bill | October 8 , 2008 4:17 PM
Posted by : ron | October 8 , 2008 4:18 PM
Posted by : Anyone | October 8 , 2008 4:22 PM
Posted by : Olddog | October 8 , 2008 4:23 PM
Posted by : Josqueline | October 8 , 2008 4:24 PM
Posted by : Jason | October 8 , 2008 4:25 PM
Posted by : a guy | October 8 , 2008 4:28 PM
Posted by : CantripGhost | October 8 , 2008 4:28 PM
Posted by : CantripGhost | October 8 , 2008 4:31 PM
Posted by : Lalita | October 8 , 2008 4:34 PM
Posted by : jpd | October 8 , 2008 4:36 PM
Posted by : Michael | October 8 , 2008 4:38 PM
Posted by : Lynn | October 8 , 2008 4:40 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 8 , 2008 4:43 PM
Posted by : A Canadian | October 8 , 2008 4:44 PM
Posted by : Jason | October 8 , 2008 4:52 PM
Posted by : fred | October 8 , 2008 4:55 PM
Posted by : Tom | October 8 , 2008 5:08 PM
Posted by : robby | October 8 , 2008 5:23 PM
Posted by : Daniel | October 8 , 2008 5:51 PM
Posted by : anonymous | October 8 , 2008 7:11 PM
Posted by : cathl | October 8 , 2008 8:11 PM
Posted by : dawg | October 8 , 2008 9:27 PM
Posted by : longcat | October 9 , 2008 12:23 AM
Posted by : jason | October 9 , 2008 9:03 AM
Posted by : John | October 9 , 2008 9:56 AM
Posted by : Big-T0nY - myspace.com / wilf0rd | October 9 , 2008 11:00 AM
Posted by : akay | October 11 , 2008 2:18 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 11 , 2008 12:31 PM
Posted by : Susan | October 12 , 2008 3:09 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
[ darcs-users ] announcing darcs 2.1.1rc2
Hi everybody ,
The release candidate for darcs 2.1.1 is now available at http://darcs.net/darcs-2.1.1rc2.tar.gz
This release is very much intended to be darcs 2.1.0 plus GHC 6.10.1 support .
We have also thrown in some simplifications to the regression testing suite and a Windows bugfix ( which we pulled in because of a dependency and retained because it was a small and useful ) .
Please give this a try , especially those of you on GHC 6.10 or Windows , and let us know how things work out .
Because we have only selected a very small subset of changes to include ( using darcs 's cherry - picking abilities , of course ! ) , I am confident that we can get by on a reduced release cycle .
If all goes well , the official release date for darcs 2.1.1 will be 2008 - 11 - 17 .
Thanks !
Eric darcs ( 2.1.1rc2 ) * Portability : Removed accidental QuickCheck 2.1 configure check .
Note that it may be required in a future version of darcs .
-- Eric Kow < kowey at darcs.
net >
Mon , 10 Nov 2008 11:17:00 GMT darcs ( 2.1.1rc1 ) * Portability : GHC 6.10.1 support ( Petr Ročkai , Eric Kow ) * Bug Fix :
Fix file handle leak and check for exceptions on process running on Windows ( issue784 , Salvatore Insalaco ) * Quality Assurance : Consolidated regression test suites using shell scripts only ( Eric Kow , Tommy Petterson , Matthias Kilian ) -- Eric Kow < kowey at darcs.
net >
Mon , 10 Nov 2008 09:49:00 GMT -- Eric Kow < http://www.nltg.brighton.ac.uk/home/Eric.Kow>
PGP Key ID : 08AC04F9
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 194 bytes Desc : not available Url : http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/attachments/20081110/f64d20c2/attachment.pgp
by Vito Rispo
I think this just might be my favorite thing ever , this week .
The Tiddy Bear ( IT’S FUNNY BECAUSE IT SOUNDS LIKE TITTY ! ) is a little bear - shaped pad that keeps the seatbelt from digging into your … shoulder .
It ’s basically a Beanie Baby that fits on your seatbelt .
Man , Beanie Babies … what ever happened to those ?
85 % of all grandmothers out there have a large portion of their life savings investing in those ridiculous things .
Fifty dollars for an elephant with a fireman ’s hat ?
Come on !
this
Really though , Tiddy Bear thing is genius .
They already sell high - quality seatbelt pads at Target for under 10 dollars .
The makers of the Tiddy Bear took that idea , and made it shaped like a bear so they could use their ultra-hilarious double entendre name , and charged an extra 5 bucks .
Well played , makers of the Tiddy Bear Comfort Strap , well played .
( via Tiddy Bear )
More from Frank Rich :
We still do n’t know a lot about Palin except that she ’s better at delivering a speech than McCain and that she defends her own pregnant daughter ’s right to privacy even as she would have the government intrude to police the reproductive choices of all other women .
Most of the rest of the biography supplied by her and the McCain camp is fiction .
She did n’t say “ no thanks ” to the “ Bridge to Nowhere ” until after Congress had already abandoned it but given Alaska a blank check for $ 223 million in taxpayers ’ money anyway .
Far from rejecting federal pork , she hired lobbyists to secure her town a disproportionate share of earmarks ( $ 1,000 per resident in 2002 , 20 times the per capita average in other states ) .
Though McCain claimed “ she has had national security as one of her primary responsibilities , ” she has never issued a single command as head of the Alaska National Guard .
As for her “ executive experience ” as mayor , she told her hometown paper in Wasilla , Alaska , in 1996 , the year of her election : “ It ’s not rocket science .
It ’s $ 6 million and 53 employees . ”
Her much - advertised crusade against officials abusing their office is now compromised by a bipartisan ethics investigation into charges that she did the same .
How long before we learn she never shot a moose ?
Last year , the New York Times reported that UPS managed to save 3 million gallons of gas in 2006 by altering the routes of delivery trucks to avoid left turns .
According to them , the company uses software called “ package flow ” to map out daily routes for drivers .
Clearly , the method or “ algorithm ” this software employs to design efficient routes has sizeable economic ( and greenhouse gas ) consequences .
And , not only is it far from perfect , but the general routing problem is so difficult that , well , if in the course of reading this article you happen upon an efficient solution , you will become immediately famous , at least among computer scientists .
The problem the UPS driver faces , generally speaking , is that of the “ traveling salesman ” , in which our hero seeks the shortest possible round trip route given a list of required stops .
Arising in road trip planning , school bus pickups , parking meter coin collection , power cable layout , and microchip design , it is not a new problem .
The famous 19th century Irish mathematician Sir William Rowan Hamilton , who at age 12 once defeated the notorious American “ calculating boy ” Zerah Colburn in an arithmetic - off , invented the “ Icosian game ” , in which players attempt to find round - trip routes through a twelve - sided figure such that each vertex is visited exactly once and no edge is visited twice ( Regarding the spin - off " Traveler ’s Dodecahedron ” , the puzzle museum website states , “ the rules have been simplified and made much more attractive than the original ” .
The puzzle museum also notes that the Icosian game is more of a puzzle than a game . )
Inspired by Hamilton ’s early work and puzzle - making prowess , mathematicians in Vienna and Cambridge began studying the general form of the traveling salesman problem ( TSP for short ) in the 1930s .
In 1972 , UC Berkeley Professor Richard Karp published perhaps the most famous paper written to date in computer science , called .
The point , broadly speaking , is that most problems that appear difficult to solve exactly most likely are .
Rather than proving that all kinds of problems have no easy solution , Karp gave a clever method for showing that many different sorts of problems are equivalent in a certain sense : if you provide a magic fast solver for hard problem A , Karp uses it to build a fast solver for hard problem B. As a result , researchers are amassing an impressive set of hard problems , all reducible to each other , so that if anyone ever found a magic solver for just one of them , well , things would get pretty crazy .
A variant of the TSP , that of undirected Hamiltonian Circuits ( same Hamilton ) , was in Karp ’s original list of 21 problems .
To understand what this means for the salesman , consider : A TSP with 5 cities has 12 possible routes ; with 10 cities there are 181,440 possibilities ; with 61 cities there are more possible paths than there are atoms in the universe .
Seriously .
In computer science terms , the solution space is exponential – adding one city roughly doubles the number of possible paths .
Karp ’s result suggests that in general , determining the optimal path for the salesman is a matter of checking all those possibilities – though shortcuts may exist , none are likely to lift the exponential burden .
And though computers are growing more powerful , even IBM ’s supercomputer , Blue Gene , which can perform a ridiculous 500 thousand billion computations per second , would have little hope of solving a 30 - city TSP by the brute - force approach .
Instead , computer scientists spend much time devising heuristics – approximate methods for dealing with intractable situations .
Here ’s a simple heuristic for the traveling salesman : when trying to decide which stop to visit next on the tour , pick the closest remaining one .
While in many cases , this rule yields a route much less efficient than the optimal one , it works reasonably well on average .
Many papers have been written about more complex heuristics for the TSP .
For example , in 1997 Marco Dirigo used a simulated ant colony to explore the space of solutions , iteratively refining paths left by virtual ants ( virtual pheromones were also involved ) .
The TSP variant that UPS would like to solve is no Icosian puzzle game .
There are 95,000 trucks delivering packages every day , and each one needs a route assignment .
These routes are not independent : removing a stop from one means adding it to another .
The resulting problem is staggeringly difficult to solve exactly , and good heuristics are necessary .
The " no - left - turn " innovation is a heuristic that helps realize the difference between driving time and driving distance .
Or , as Jim Winestock , a UPS vice president in Atlanta , explains , “ I know it drives my wife crazy , but I 've been known to pass up drug stores , three or four on the left - hand side of the road , just to get to the one on the right . ”
Many Americans find themselves without extra money after paying their bills at the end of the month .
Nearly 40 % find themselves with a shortfall each month and borrow or charge the difference on a credit card which deepens their financial pain .
In this situation the ugly truth is that all the interest and fees paid to creditors takes away from your savings , entertainment , your retirement or even your child ’s education .
Facing financial problems can feel threatening and stressful so instead of taking action we often choose to do nothing .
It ’s easier to push the problem off , borrow a little more and hope for a change .
You can stop this today .
If you ’re honest with yourself and see that this is your current situation , you need to make a different choice , one that attacks the problem , stops it in its tracks and can bring you back to financial security .
You may have heard of it already , it is called credit counseling and it has helped literally millions of consumers in financial distress over the years .
What you may not know is exactly how free credit counseling services with a debt management plan actually works and what the benefits are for you .
This is exactly what DebtGuru and this website wishes to educate you on .
Did you know that Credit Counseling and Debt Management
Works WITH your creditors NOT against them ?
Your creditors agree to give you relief such as interest rate and fee reductions ?
Your monthly expenses can be significantly reduced WITHOUT a loan ?
Millions of people have successfully completed a Debt Management program ?
95 % of our clients reduced their interest payments by nearly $ 10,000 ?
Getting started to understand your exact options is 100 % FREE with no obligation .
Learn what a credit counseling program is and how it works .
Discover how a debt management program in conjunction with credit counseling creates a realistic plan with powerful benefits to solve your debt issues WITH your creditors approval and permission .
Inscriptions on a fragment of an ancient limestone block bring new evidence in the long controversy related to the lineage of King Tutankhamun .
As it appears , when the fragment was joined with the rest of the block , the full inscription suggested that Tutankhamun 's father was Akhenaten , his predecessor to Egypt 's throne .
The missing fragment , which was found several months ago in a storeroom in the city of el Ashmunein , on the western bank of the Nile , about 150 miles ( 240 km ) south of the capital Cairo , also pointed that Tut had married his half sister , Ankhesenamun .
" We can now say that Tutankhamun was the child of Akhenaten , " explained Zahi Hawass , chief of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities , for Discovery , adding that the complete stone block was " an accurate piece of evidence that proves
Tut lived in el Amarna with Akhenaten and he married his wife , Ankhesenamun .
The block shows the young Tutankhamun and his wife , Ankhesenamun , seated together .
The text identifies Tutankhamun as the ' king 's son of his body , Tutankhaten , ' and his wife as the ' king 's daughter of his body , Ankhesenaten , ' " stated Hawass .
" We know that the only king to whom the text could refer as the father of both children is Akhenaten , himself .
We know from other sources that Ankhesenamun was the daughter of Akhenaten and Nefertiti .
Now , because of this block , we can say that Tutankhamun was the child of Akhenaten as well , " he concluded .
This is new evidence for the prevalent theory among historians and archaeologists , to the detriment of others which portray either minor king Smenkhkare or Akhenaten 's father , Amenhotep III , as the young pharaoh 's father .
It still remains uncertain , though , who Tut 's mother was .
Lead hypothesis point to Akhenaten 's wives Kiya ( although she would have been 50 when Tut was born ) or Nefertiti .
Tutankhamun ( meaning " living image of Amun " or " honoring Amun " ) inherited the throne at the age of nine from his predecessor , the " heretic " Akhenaten , who reigned between 1353 - 1336 BC .
The most famous of the Egyptian rulers ,
Tut reinstalled the polytheistic religion over Akhenaten 's attempt of a monotheistic one .
His tomb and mummy , found in 1922 by Howard Carter , were the most complete ones ever found .
His death at the age of 19 ( possibly caused by leg gangrene caused by a wound , as latest studies suggested ) brought the end of the great pharaoh dynasties ( his was the 18th ) and opened the doors to military rule , such as the one of his former vizier , Ay , who is thought to have made most of the important decisions attributed to the young ruler , and also to have caused the wound that eventually led to his death .
Download the Austrian study
My Thoughts :
( OrganicJar )
An independent study commissioned by the Austrian Ministry of Health has found significant infertility effects from mice fed genetically modified ( GM ) corn .
Monsanto , which has a near - world monopoly on all agricultural seeds tried to , not only stop the study from the beginning , but then tried to block the results from being published .
In one study design where mice were continuously breeding .
Mice fed on GM corn had no litters or produced less offspring after the third or fourth litters , than those fed on conventional corn .
The differences were statistically significant .
The corn , sold by Monsanto , contains a gene that produces the toxic " Bt " pesticide in every cell and in every bite .
The results raise the question whether this toxin ( or some other unpredictable change in the GM corn ) might be contributing to the rise in infertility , allergies or other immune disorders in North America .
Monsanto ( and the other GM corporations ) have NEVER provided any help for feeding studies or other research over which they do not have direct control over the results .
That is why truly independent studies are almost impossible to conduct .
Biological effects of transgenic maize NK603xMON810 fed in long term reproduction studies in mice .
Sources : organicconsumers
It 's a whole new wave of natural selection taking place .
The evolution of the human race is about to make a major shift in favor of those who do n't poison themselves with toxic foods , medicines and consumer products .
" Survival of the fittest " will soon come to mean " extinction of the chemically intoxicated . "
Remember :
In many cases , infertility is Mother Nature 's way of telling conventional consumers that they 're too unhealthy to have babies anymore .
( CNN ) --
It was short and to the point :
In his first news conference as president - elect , Barack Obama was on message .
Gloria Borger says President - elect Barack Obama delivered a clear message at his news conference Friday .
First , he has a plan for handle the economic crisis .
Second , he 's not the president yet .
And third ( pay attention Republicans ) , this is not a time for partisanship .
And oh , there was a not - so - subtle challenge to Congress :
If you do n't do something in a lame - duck session , I will make it the first order of business when I am sworn in .
Message to public : I will take charge .
It was also clear , though , that Obama is a ) tired and b ) still getting used to this drill .
There is a change of tone , of cadence -- and even a slight shift in comfort level .
A joke , delivered by a president , had better be pretty good .
The line about no Nancy Reagan - like séances ( with dead presidents ) , not so good .
On the other hand , when he called himself a " mutt " like " a lot of shelter dogs , " interesting , even revealing .
Aside from the tone , there is no doubt that the president - elect and his team plan to hit the ground running .
That 's what they promised , and it is what the public wants .
After all , they 've been working on this transition since late last spring .
It 's not as if they just started gathering names for potential Cabinet jobs and top - level posts .
Indeed , when Obama went to visit his grandmother for the last time in Hawaii , he took along a memo about " early decisions " to be made during the transition .
Indeed , one top Obama adviser told me before the election , " Obama has already talked more to some of his appointees than McCain did to Sarah Palin . "
Even before the election , the Obama campaign had formed about two dozen task forces .
They were n't doing agency reviews , but rather were tasked to study issue areas important to the incoming administration , such as health , climate change , foreign policy , personnel and legislative strategy .
There was also a task force on executive action -- things the administration can do right away to set the tone of change .
Possibilities for immediate action include closing Guantanamo , signing waivers for health care - related items , strengthening the revolving - door ethics requirements .
And they 're also going to be sending in small groups to bureaucratic agencies to study what 's wrong and what 's right with each place , so the new Cabinet secretary has that information available from day one .
The big decisions are being made right now :
How much can ( or should ) Obama do at the outset ?
How much can he afford to spend ?
Will he have to start saying " No you can 't " to fellow Democrats trying to enact their spending priorities ?
And , most of all , what are his legislative priorities ?
If he can't do health care right away , for instance , does he do something about children 's health care ?
And does he start with energy policy , which has been so key to his campaign message ?
No doubt about it , he 'll be dealing with a Democratic majority that may want to spend more than he does .
And he will be dealing with a GOP in full - blown identity crisis mode , worrying about how to become relevant again .
But he has one big advantage :
This election was a clear mandate for doing things differently .
He had coattails , so many Democratic members of Congress owe him , big - time .
It will soon be time to start calling in the chits .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Republican Party • Democratic Party • Barack Obama
Correction to this article
“ LONG - TERM mobile - phone use increases risk of benign tumours ! ” “ Clean bill of health for the mobile ! ” “ Mobile phone - cancer link not proven ! ”
Those who have followed the saga of whether or not mobile phones are damaging people 's brains are used to contradictory headlines .
A decade of coverage has left readers and viewers more confused than enlightened , with news reports alternating between alarming claims and soothing reassurances .
Yet even by the standards of modern news , it is unusual to see such contradictory headlines about the same piece of research .
Which is why a study , called Interphone , provides a cautionary tale .
Interphone began in 2000 , ended in 2006 , cost $ 30 m and involved around 50 scientists working in 13 countries on 14,000 people .
It has , however , still to come to a settled conclusion .
A draft of its supposed findings was circulated in June , and Elisabeth Cardis of the Centre for Research in Environmental Epidemiology in Barcelona , who led it , thought until recently that a final paper would be submitted this month .
Now , though , it looks as if that will not even happen this year .
The contradictory headlines are the result of national research teams releasing single - country reports , despite the fact that these inevitably involve smaller samples .
The results from nine of the 13 single - country studies have been made available in this way , and the consequence is a farrago of misinformation .
Many of the national reports suggest , for example , that ever having been a regular mobile - phone user offers statistically significant protection against some brain tumours .
This finding is so counter - intuitive that it has led most of the people involved to acknowledge serious flaws in the study 's design .
Please press “ recall ”
One problem was what statisticians call selection bias .
Interphone began by gathering a group of people who had had the cancers of interest ( glioma , meningioma , acoustic neurinoma and parotid gland tumour ) and questioning them about their past use of mobile phones .
The researchers then approached a number of healthy people in order to compare them with the cancer patients , and find out if there was a systematic difference in mobile - phone use between the two groups .
Some of those approached agreed , and some declined .
Of those who agreed to take part , 59 % were regular mobile - phone users as defined by the study 's protocol .
Later on , those who had declined were recontacted and asked about their mobile use .
Among this group , only 34 % were regular users .
That meant those in the control group were more likely than average to be regular users , and therefore were not representative of the population at large .
Moreover , the definition of “ regular mobile - phone use ” was itself questionable .
Anyone who had used a phone just once a week for at least six months qualified .
That is a pretty low rate of usage .
If phones really do cause cancer , but only at high exposure , employing such a generous definition of regular use means that the effect might be diluted into undetectability .
Another potentially serious flaw is that participants asked in 2001 - 02 about their mobile use a decade earlier will have been using analogue , not digital , handsets .
That would lead to a different pattern of exposure and therefore of potential risk .
How the shift from analogue to digital phones might have changed things is anybody 's guess .
But both the selection bias and regular - phone - use definition might be expected to mask any adverse effect of phones .
The most serious flaw in the study , however , is generally reckoned to be recall bias , which would tend to work in the opposite direction , by suggesting problems with phones that do not , in fact , exist .
Recall bias happened because the study was retrospective rather than prospective .
In other words it looked at what people had done in the past rather than following their behaviour into the future .
In practice , that meant asking them about past behaviour , and relying on the accuracy of their memories .
Even a healthy person would probably have difficulty recalling exactly how often he used his mobile phone a decade ago , and which ear he routinely held it to .
Someone subsequently diagnosed with a brain tumour might easily be biased , consciously or unconsciously , to exaggerate the former and misstate the latter .
And that would be enough to account for the fact that several of the single - country studies found that ten years ' mobile use was associated with an increased risk of brain tumours on the side of the head that people said was exposed to their handsets .
It would also — more significantly — account for the studies ' weird suggestion that the same amount of use stops tumours developing on the other side of the head .
The scientists involved in Interphone are , it must be said , well aware of these biases , and efforts to work out their effects and adjust for them were always part of the plan .
In May Dr Cardis and her colleagues published a validation study in the Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology .
This compared the recollections of about 500 Interphone subjects with their actual mobile use according to the records of the network operators .
The researchers found a high level of recall errors .
Participants underestimated the number of calls they had made by an average of about 20 % , and overestimated call duration by 40 % .
Ominously for the statisticians , the recall errors of those with tumours increased with time .
Suitable ( and legitimate ) statistical massaging of all the data may be able to offset these biases in a way that could not so easily be done for the smaller data sets from individual countries .
Nevertheless
Dr Cardis admits the delays in releasing the report have been due to “ the difficulty of interpreting the findings due to potential biases ” and to the “ conducting of additional analyses to try and disentangle the potential impacts of selection and recall errors on the risk estimates ” .
The Interphone researchers are split into three camps .
One believes any increased incidence of tumours shown in the study is purely the result of the biases .
Another thinks it really has found increased risks of certain tumours and wants to call for precautionary measures .
A third group is just keeping quiet .
One person who knows many of the scientists , but prefers not to be named , describes the relations between members of the three groups as “ strained ” — harsh language in the world of scientific research .
Regardless of what eventually gets published , some people have already decided the findings warrant action .
Ronald Herberman , the director of the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , made headlines in July with a memo to 3,000 members of his staff urging them to limit their use of mobile phones , to refrain from keeping their handsets near their bodies at night and to avoid using them when reception is weak as a phone will then boost the strength of its signal in order that the network can hear it .
He based his warnings on “ early unpublished data ” , and is believed to have been referring to Interphone .
Whatever the outcome , though , at least one lesson has been learnt .
Follow - up studies now in the planning stage are expected to use prospective as well as retrospective data .
In other words they will pick people at random and see what happens to them .
That method takes longer to come to a conclusion — but it is more likely to be one you can trust .
Over the weekend , Newsweek revealed Thomas M. Tamm as the man who first blew the whistle on the Bush Administration 's illegal warrantless wiretapping program .
Last night , Mr. Tamm gave his first public interview on The Rachel Maddow Show :
%3Ciframe%20thumb%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eff.org%2Ffiles%2Ftamm.jpg%22%20height%3D%22339%22%20width%3D%22425%22%20src%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msnbc.msn.com%2Fid%2F22425001%2Fvp%2F28244931%2328244931%22%20frameborder%3D%220%22%20scrolling%3D%22no%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fiframe%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from msn.com
I remember when I was figuring out that something was going on extra-judicially , I looked at the NSA websites , and they proudly talked about the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution : the right of the people to be secure in their persons and their places .
That 's part of the reason we fought the Revolutionary War .
And then ... we learned that the only way we can be kept safe is for the government to break our laws ?
I just disagree with that .
I think we are stronger and better as a nation when we follow the Constitution , when we follow the statutes , and when we follow the rule of law .
When asked whether he thought the illegal wiretapping program should result in prosecutions , Tamm put a finer point on his words about the rule of law :
Maddow :
Do you think in order to move forward and pay tribute to the rule of law that their ought to be prosecutions ?
Tamm : I certainly think it ought to be looked at .
I really do ...
It offends me , that we feel that we 're not strong enough as a country , that our laws are not strong enough , that our Congress is not strong enough , that our courts are not strong enough to protect us ...
I think it should be looked at very seriously .
Like AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein 's interview with Keith Olbermann earlier this year , it 's a great reminder of the basic principles at stake in the fight to hold telcos accountable for illegal spying .
Sam Smith
One of the things to keep in mind as we start pouring money into public works is that not all money spent on capital items has the same results .
For example , a Humvee provides employment for the workers who build it and the community that benefits from their employment .
It also provides jobs for those who supply it with parts , but since the soldiers who use it would still be soldiers whether it was there or not , you can't really add them as benefits .
Once it 's overseas , many of its ancillary benefits ( such as needing fuel ) disappear from the domestic economy .
When , however , the Humvee gets blown up in Iraq , you can fairly add the cost of hospitalization and / or burial of the crew and subtract from the economy the transfer of some of these dead or injured troops from being productive parents to becoming a drain on their families and subsequently the economy .
Now let 's take the same amount of a money and put it into an urban bus .
The bus will have all the initial benefits of production but probably have a much longer lifespan and will contribute directly to the economic benefit of each rider who uses it to go to and from work or shopping .
Marines do n't go shopping in their Humvees .
In other words , a stronger daily economic contribution for a longer time .
Better yet , if the bus is not just a replacement along an existing line but part of a new exclusive bus lane system in some city , the benefits will be even greater as now we have this vehicle helping to attract new business and residents along its route .
This is just a rough example of something about which we do n't talk enough .
Military capital spending is one of the least productive ways to use public funds because it has relatively few spin - off benefits , is often short lived , and largely serves a community that would be there with or without it .
If you take a look at Obama 's public works plan , it suffers from some of the same problems .
Clearly many of our roads and bridges need repair , but this is a separate issue from the question : what are the best public works projects to spur the economy ?
Improved energy efficiency is also important but that does n't mean that it is always the most efficient way to produce new jobs .
Strikingly absent from the Obama plan at this point , for example , is rail .
Not the high speed systems that Biden and others would like which would largely benefit elite intra-city commuters , but a program that would make railroads as important in this country 's transportation system as they are in a vast number of other countries .
Included could be mass transit built in the median strip of some of the highways the Obama administration plans to repair or conversion of some of the lanes to exclusive bus service .
Here are a few of the bonus stimuli possible from such an approach : new opportunities for Detroit if it switched some of its auto work to railroad cars .
Additional economic opportunities for the large number of people using the new system .
And most importantly , new business and residential development along the new routes .
This is just a rough sketch offered not as a definitive answer but to illustrate the sort of thinking that should be happening and is n't .
Liverpool striker Fernando Torres was chosen Best Player of the Year in Premier League for 2007 - 2008 season .
The Spanish international had a superb first season in Premier League managing to score 33 goals for Liverpool .
The other candidates were Ronaldo from Manchester United , Joleon Lescott from Everton and Richard Dunne from Manchester City .
Torres is also a candidate for Golden Ball but Ronaldo and Messi are the favorites for the title .
“ El Nino ” declared that he is very happy with the award and wanted to thank his manager , his colleagues and not at last the fans who support him since arrival at Liverpool .
Torres is just returning from a hamstring injury that keep him out of action for some weeks .
He came in as a substitute in Liverpool ’s win 2 - 0 at Bolton showing a great form as he set up an assist at Gerrard goal .
Torres will join up Spain for the International friendly against Chile .
Comments
READER COMMENTS ON
" National Republican Party Creates Conspiracy Site , Claims ' Stolen Election ' in MN's U.S. Senate Race "
( 34 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... RALPH said on 11/12/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
[ed note : Copy and paste advertisement deleted .
Please read our rules for commenting , Ralph .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... creid said on 11/12/2008 @ 3:36 pm PT ...
Some clarifications and additional thoughts ...
The machine that Harri Hursti hacked was not an AccuVote - OS as is being widely and repeatedly reported --- it was a TSx .
The TSx is a central tabulator --- the OS is a precinct machine .
I believe that the AccuVote - OS may have the same vulnerability , but it is not accurate to say that it 's the same machine .
Because it 's a precinct machine , it would be much more work to " fix " than a central tabulator .
So does Minnesota centrally count on a TSx ?
And is the model name a technicality , or are they quite different machines ?
{ ED NOTE :
You are incorrect here , on several points , Creid .
Hursti hacked both the Diebold AccuVote - OS ( optical scanner ) in Leon County , FL , and the Diebold AccuVote - TSx ( touch - screen ) in Emery County , UT .
Neither of them is a " central tabulator " .
The central tabulator system used by Diebold is called GEMS .
That 's been hacked by others , and by Diebold 's own admission , drops votes regularly when they are uploaded from one of the OS or TS machines to it .
MN uses the Diebold AccuVote - OS precinct - based optical scanner in several of their precincts ( two of the three largest ) and ES&S precinct - based op - scanners in the rest .
Hope that clarifies --- BF}
The ES&S M100 does have several known issues that have come up both in testing and in elections , and yet some voting machine techs also think it is a workhorse .
In any case , there is no voting machine that would be likely to perform well if it went three years without maintenance , as the reports say the Michigan M100s did .
By now , Ruth Johnson should know what the full diagnosis is on the M110's and it would be good to make that public , so that other states using that machine have additional information on what may cause them not to function .
Beyond the technological aspects of the election in Minnesota , there are some very simple on the ground aspects that will affect election outcome .
How well do their statutes cover absentee ballot security and handling ?
And how well are they carried out in real life on the ground election districts / precincts ?
One photo from Ramsey County showed stacks of bankers ' boxes said to contain absentee ballots ( opened ?
recently delivered and unprocessed ?
In a locked storage area and shown to the reporter ?
Or in the election official 's office ? )
Likeewise , the insecure transport of all the ballots is another area to look at .
If a single official was running around making election day deliveries of absentee ballots , that 's not goiing to build voter confidence in the outcome .
With two weeks between the election and the recount , ballot security again looms as a factor to understand better .
I would not want Ramsey County storing their absentee ballots in those unsealed bankers ' boxes .
The chain of custody on the ballots could be compromised before the ballots are even presented for counting .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/12/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
... Ralph ... poor Ralph ... Oookay ... skip the prozac and let 's try straight lithium via an epidural ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/12/2008 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~ WE need Investigations , Trials and Punishment ...
To realign Truth Fact and Reality .
John " Mitch " Mitchell 1947 – 2008
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 11/12/2008 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/12/2008 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
Creid @ # 1 - You gave several pieces of misinformation in your comment .
I have added an ed note to it to clarify you inaccurate points , which I 'll presume were well - meaning , but otherwise incorrect .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/12/2008 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
The manipulation of information is egregious !
Our elections are at the LEAST QUESTIONABLE .
I 'm a JOE , and let me tell you I have MANY CONCERNS .
Brad has been right on target .
This is a participatory government and LAND DAMN IT !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/12/2008 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
Let 's challenge the Democrats to insist on fairness , accuracy , and transparency in the MN recount .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/12/2008 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
Good news ... Latest Tally [ Alaska ] Begich leads Stevens by 3 votes !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/12/2008 @ 7:39 pm PT ...
Now , I believe if elections were run cleanly the convicted felon 's race would have been lost awhile ago !
But hey , that 's just me after living there for 15 years .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... creid said on 11/12/2008 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
Thanks , Brad , for the correction .
I thought I knew and remebered it wrong .
I hate it when that happens .
Should have double checked with a search .
The TSx is a DRE machine , and the AVOS is op scan , that is the difference , not that they are central versus precinct .
I was unaware that both TSx and AVOS had been tested by Hursti .
I knew about TSx and also did know that in my state where we use AVOS , the state determined that our equipment could be vulnerable to the Hursti hack .
I thought they extrapolated somehow to figure that out .
Er.... thanks for the long overdue update and sorry to cloud the issue instead of clarify .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/13/2008 @ 4:24 am PT ...
I wonder - are the Republicans concerned that they did n't manage to steal the MN election , so they are making wild accusations before the recount so that they can cry " Fraud " in case Franken actually wins ?
Hmmmmmmmmm ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... creid said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:05 am PT ...
TEDEGER , I 'm not a mind reader , but I find your argument persuasive .
" Sore loser " apparently does n't work as well at the moment or perhaps at all anymore , especially now that more people have informed themselves about the real need to hang in there and count every vote / make sure the election was run right .
it 's possible to aggressively make sure you have done all the right things for your candidate and not come off as a spinmeister .
Always interesting to watch the official decisions and see which ones appear to be procedurally correct decisions that work to the advantage or disadvantage of one candidate or the other -- and which seem to be politically inspired .
Hennepin County 's refusal to reexamine 400 - some absentee ballots is one such decision I 'd like to understand further .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Julia Clark said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:13 am PT ...
Yippie !
I cannot wait till all you compassionate hypocrites wipe the retarded and any other feeble person off the planet .
In the 40 + years the feminist liberals have run it , you have destroyed the black family , the hispanic family , the blue collar family and now the middle class .... The Republicans sent all of the jobs overseas , but there is no more substance to the society ...
The intellectuals created the greatest dictatorships in history ( think Hitler , Stalin , Mao ) and are steering us right back towards that .
Human sexuality has become selfish transactions between two self absorbed scumbags with no rhyme or reason .
People are basically out for themselves and do not care about anyone but themselves .
You are lucky if you have any kind of friend in the Northeast , even if it is a family member ... I do not like either side ( liberal or conservative ) ... I wish someone would throw an intervention for the lower classes and the handicapped .
In memoriam - the handicapped .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Producer Russ Michaels said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:21 am PT ...
Hi Brad and Creid , Just to clarify that the Hursti Hack in our documentary " Hacking Democracy " was indeed carried out on the Diebold AccuVote OS ( Optical Scan ) machine ...
However Harri Hursti ALSO hacked the GEMS Central Tabulator in Leon County that day .
In our film you can see that the rigged memory card is finally uploaded to GEMS and Harri 's hacked vote totals appear on the GEMS tabulator screen .
So Harri hacked all three parts of the Diebold OS system - the memory card , the Scanner and the Central Tabulator .
( And , as you correctly say Brad , later in Utah Harri hacked the Diebold AccuVote TS toucscreen machines . )
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... K. Nukem said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:21 am PT ...
It would be good if you actually read what is going on in MN , and responded to the facts of the vote counting process .
Of course , for those who have alternate goals , this may be too much to ask for .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... hippy_hunting_neocon said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:48 am PT ...
If the newly discovered Franken votes were legit , would n't that be reflected by an increase Obama votes as well as other Democratic candidates on the ticket ?
How is it that they are finding nothing but Franken votes , some that were allegedly in someones car this whole time , and they are only from three specific , traditionally liberal counties ?
I guess we are supposed to believe that many people were so far to the left in MN that they voted for Franken but would not vote for Obama , is marxism to conservative of an idea for the Franken faries ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... KeninMo said on 11/13/2008 @ 7:25 am PT ...
Ah yes , that undoubtedly explains the 8 years of " Commander in Thief " , " We was robbed " , " Supreme Court handed Bush the election " , " Palm Beach County was rigged to hose Gore " , " Florida Recounts were n't done right " , " Disenfranchisement in Ohio in 04 " , " Stole it again in 04 " , etc. etc .
You are full of self - righteous BS ---
Dems have spent 8 years whining about " stolen " elections , and they took the last 4 starting on 5 Nov 04 to plan out exactly how they were going to steal it in 08 --- Black Panthers at the polls , Acorn registering the Dallas Cowboys starting lineup to vote , busing " voters " from Chicago to Iowa , Nebraska and Texas ( Biden himself said " hello Chicago " to the Iowa ' voters ' at the Iowa caucus ) .
Obama pulled out the classic Chicago mob politics and replayed Lyndon Johnson and Mayor Daley in the 1960 election .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Opinionsarelikeassholes said on 11/13/2008 @ 7:56 am PT ...
Why do you have to be so incendiary ?
Name calling and conjecture get us nowhere and destroy credibility .
If Franken wins , dems will be forever enshrined as stealing 2008 .
Links to Chicago political machine methods will become " truth "
We do n't need it .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Opinionsarelikeassholes said on 11/13/2008 @ 8:01 am PT ...
I 'm agreeing with KevinMo . Al Gore himself went on Letterman and said he won the election .
Dems have spent 8 years whining about " stolen " elections .
Acorn did committ fraud .
Fired employees are now giving interviews ( not republicans ) saying they were following orders .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Tate said on 11/13/2008 @ 9:53 am PT ...
Let Obama , Reid and Pelosi have to deal the Al ( The Man who has failed at everything He has ever done ) Frankin .
D.C. is a bad joke anyway with all of the Goverment bailouts .
We are scrwed either way .
Let them deal with this jerk - off .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jimbo said on 11/13/2008 @ 10:09 am PT ...
The Dem 's do n't need to win any other vote .
With the Worm Republicans they have 60 votes .
Snowe , Colins , Specter , Lugar and Voinovich .
You can get 3 of these 5 any time .
Just give them something they want .
" IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT ! "
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/13/2008 @ 11:15 am PT ...
I note the trolls are out in force .
They must be REALLY afraid that they are going to lose Coleman , which means that the crooked , vote - flipping machines will be exposed , AGAIN .
As to one of the queries above ( which really should not be necessary ) , they are COUNTING Franken - Coleman .
There is no reason for the Obama - McCain totals to change , unless someone asks for a recount there .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... W4B said on 11/13/2008 @ 11:36 am PT ...
I 'm glad to be a Minnesotan , this phony controversy is going to show the rest of the USA what it means to have PAPER BALLOTS .
No chads hanging or otherwise , just plain old paper and clearly descernable marks .
ALL ballots will be counted with Norm 's representatives as well as Al 's present to verify fairness .
Our election laws put the voters rights and intentions front and center instead of putting technical rules intended to limit , and thus influence the vote .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Caijoe said on 11/13/2008 @ 12:58 pm PT ...
HaHa Keninmo you are very entertaining .
Well , on the bright side , you 'll have the next eight years to whine about ' ACORN ' , the ' Black Panthers ' , the Cowboys , busing voters out of state , etc , etc .
But do n't worry , you 'll have Rush , Sean , BillO , Michael and all the other right wink talk radio fear / hate mongers to keep you company !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... chabuka said on 11/13/2008 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
God ... I LOVE saying this to the righties .... naner , naner , naner ... GET OVER IT ....!!
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... W4B said on 11/13/2008 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
I just dropped by the Republicans conspiracy site and found a total of ten comments on the five or six articles .
Nine of the ten comments were critical of the articles and the one that seemed to sympathise with the Republican point of view was obviously posted by an individual with ' challenges ' .
It 's worth a laugh to take a look , do n't wait , they 'll probably take the site down tomorrow if it continues to draw flys .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Legender said on 11/13/2008 @ 2:30 pm PT ...
As a neophyte election judge on Tuesday , I was very impressed with the team we had .
Both the Head Judge and the Registrar were strong Republicans but I never heard them say or do anything other than encourage people to vote for whomever they wanted .
Just ignore what Pawlenty and others are saying about the election judges being partisan - ignore the slander .
We worked from 5:00 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. in my precinct and the whole process was SEAMLESS .
In the recount process , the Obama / McCain votes would not be looked at so those totals will not change .
The only votes being contested ( and counted ) are those for Franken / Coleman .
May the person with the most votes win !!
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/13/2008 @ 4:38 pm PT ...
Dear NRSC commenters who have come to take a look at the Brad Blog , Take a whiff of that clean fresh air and feel free to read some actual facts about election integrity !
It is wonderful that there are actual paper ballots in MN to be counted .
Now , if they would only hand - count 'em in the first place , eliminate the middle man ...
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/13/2008 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
I think you should n't be able to hack into ANY vote machine !!!
The fact that you can go on youtube and see many videos of many different people hacking into them tells me they should be taken out of existence .
Are n't a lot of them made in outsourced countries , too ?
With slave wage workers who do n't give a crap about quality ?
Not that that even matters , if they were made flawlessly , they'd be hackable because they 're designed that way !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Walk Softly said on 11/14/2008 @ 5:22 am PT ...
The Obama votes will indeed be looked at in the recount .
Teams of reviewers are going to be looking at what ' might ' have been the intent of the " voter . "
Keep in mind , officials have not yet answered whether all counties employed a " precinct " scanner .
Nobody has yet answered whether all such precinct scanners were utilized according to HAVA regulations to notify the voter at the precinct of over - votes .
No answers have been forthcoming regarding precinct optical scanner malfunctions .
Nobody has answered whether functioning scanners were set to reject over - votes and accept undervotes .
Nobody has yet answered precisely how many precisley ballots were undervoted in the Senate race but not the Presidential race .
Without those details before , stress before , the recount , nobody from here on out could trust the results of the recount .
We have nothing from which to start other than the difference between Coleman and Franken has already been narrowed , primarily by newfound votes due to whatever the reasons .
Now that the difference is KNOWN and without the forementioned details also being known , there is every reason to suspect the election " could " be frauded .
After all , it takes only a couple 100 votes to be discovered as the actual " intent " of the voter in undervoted blank Senate areas to provide a tie .
Only one more than that to declare Franken the winner .
That the tally has narrowed so far down is itself suspicious .
It 's a lot easier to find a couple 100 more votes than it is to find 800 or 1000 or more .
Bradblog should be as aware of all of those issues and demand accountability to provide those details , and any others now , before the recount .
Every paper ballot printed and unused - how many Every paper ballot issued and used - how many Every paper ballot issued and used , but voided for a replacement ballot - how many BTW every paper ballot printed should have had at least one imprinted number on its side .
The number is n't a tracking number that imposes on voter privacy .
It 's supposed to be documented how many ballots the election bureau had printed for distribution in each district .
The last point makes ' finding ' of 32 or however many paper ballots in the trunk of a poll judge 's car so **** suspicious , for starters .
What are the numbers on those and were those separated to be determined if the numbers matched those distributed to that precinct for this election ?
That voted paper ballots at the precinct may have had undervotes in only the Senate race and no other race is not suspicious because voters have the right to leave any amount of races ' blank . '
The optical scan at the precinct enables the voter to review a ballot before casting one , and it should be set to ' reject ' over - votes because those void a paper ballot contest when they occur .
Not so with under -voted paper ballot .
The optical scanner notifies the voter of such with wording such as no selection .
The sighted voter visually inspects the ballot a second time , and if the voter wants to make any changes , can do so before casting the ballot as is .
That 's supposed to be a benefit of the optical scanners at the precinct .
It is a scam for any undervoted ballots which have already received the precinct optical scan review by the voter himself or herself to be determined as not the intent of the voter .
Not having any hard numbers to start shows an absolute potential for fraud .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... W4B said on 11/14/2008 @ 8:17 am PT ...
So Big Stick , how 's it feel to be holding the shit - end ?
I 'd advise you to post this over at the NRSC site , this forum is ' reality - based ' .
The Minnesota recount will be orderly and so will the inevitable law suits .
My guess , you loose , get over it .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Ty Allen said on 1/6/2009 @ 9:23 am PT ...
" Unsubstantiated allegations ? "
That statement is unsubstantiated .
Al Franken , with the help of Democrat Secretary of State and former ACORN worker Mark Ritchie , are stealing this election .
Just like Al Gore and the Daly Chicago machine tried to steal the 2000 election , and like they succeeded in stealing the 1960 election .
This is no conspiracy theory , it 's a real conspiracy - and it's nothing new for the power - hungry Democ - RAT party .
New Motto of the Dems : " Count every ( Democrat ) vote ( twice ) "
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Ty Allen said on 1/6/2009 @ 9:36 am PT ...
The computer game that 's also a social phenomenon - more people pay to play World of Warcraft online than live in most cities
The best way to get a handle on the sheer size of World of Warcraft , the massively successful massively multiplayer online role - playing game , is to take some of the mind - boggling numbers in context .
With 11 million subscribers , there are more people actively playing World of Warcraft than there are in all but four of the world 's largest cities , and more people than there are in either Austria , Switzerland , Israel or Portugal .
All of these players pay a monthly subscription fee , which means that in 2007 Blizzard , the company behind the game , made $ 1.2bn ( £ 800 m ) - roughly equivalent to the gross domestic product of Belize .
Last night , several thousand people queued around the block on Oxford Street in London to be there for the official UK launch of the second ' expansion pack ' for the game .
Wrath of the Lich King is a paid - for extension to the existing game world which gives players new realms to explore , new in - game activities to perform and allows for characters to become even more powerful than before with new equipment to be found and made , and more powerful abilities for characters to learn .
The dedication of fans tells you a lot about the way people see the game , and the sheer breadth of people I saw in attendance tells you even more .
The wonder of internet shopping and 24 - hour supermarkets mean that precisely none of the people queuing round the block for the launch event had to be there to get hold of the game yesterday - had they ordered it online from one of several retailers , they could have been playing it several hours before the launch even kicked off .
The desire simply to be there was huge , with people of all ages heading down in large and small groups simply to be there , as well as to get their hands on a copy of the game .
Queuing up were grandparents who play with their grandchildren , groups of teenage girls , and significant groups of people who play the game together regularly but many of whom had never actually met in person before .
It is the social side of the game that is often overlooked when terms such as ' addiction ' are bandied about .
The sort of teamwork required by some of the game 's tougher challenges is something that the vast majority of people do n't experience anywhere else , and the collective feeling of achievement from defeating some of these - which can now take up to 25 people working in perfect harmony - should not be underestimated .
While there are those who play for many , many hours at a time in a fundamentally lonely experience , these people are actually very few and far between .
However , this feeling of accomplishment , and the feeling of being a valued member of a successful team is something that can cause problems in the world outside the game if not managed properly , especially among adolescents .
After all , if you feel as if you 're not accomplishing anything in the real world , and feel that your contribution to society is n't valued , the allure of simply retreating into the virtual world grows significantly .
World of Warcraft has now grown into a social phenomenon unlike any other .
It allows people across continents to work together towards common goals and collectively feel the success of others .
It teaches the value of teamwork , of responsibility , and lets people experience first - hand quite how much pleasure can be gained through collective effort , and that 's all too rare a thing in these egocentric times .
Alex Sassoon Coby writes for GameSpot UK , the UK 's largest videogames website
A can of Coke could soon cost New Yorkers more than just calories .
Gov. Paterson , as part of a $ 121 billion budget to be unveiled Tuesday , will propose an " obesity tax " of about 15 % on nondiet drinks .
This means a Diet Coke might sell for a $ 1 - even as the same size bottle of its calorie - rich alter ego would go for $ 1.15 .
… The so - called obesity tax would generate an estimated $ 404 million a year .
Milk , juice , diet soda and bottled water would be exempt from the tax .
… Public health advocates welcomed news of the tax , saying it would help the fight against childhood obesity .
Dateline : New York Essentially , this is just another vice tax , like the ones many states have enacted against cigarettes and / or booze .
There are legitimate arguments for and against vice taxes ; my primary issue with them is their arbitrariness .
Why a vice tax on smoking , but not on truck nuts , which foul the atmosphere at least as much as second - hand smoke ?
Anyway , the point is that the tax itself , in principle , does n't get my hackles up any more than any vice tax , for the same reasons .
What I 've got a problem with is calling it an " obesity tax .
" Like my old acquaintance , the McDonald 's franchisee , who drank regular soda like it was going out of style , there are plenty of people who routinely drink regular soda butand never will be , by virtue of some magical combination of genetics , body chemistry , and / or disease that goes undiagnosed because someone who eats " too much bad stuff " and gets fat is a horrible glutton who is to be deeply pitied in need of an intervention and medical attention immediately , but someone who eats " too much bad stuff " and stays thin is a lucky so - and - so who is to be deeply envied and presumed healthy .
Regular soda is n' tfor anyone .
It 's not even neutral .
It 's high - sodium , high - sugar shit that 's bad for anyone who drinks a lot of it , whether they gain weight or not .
So why is this even being called an " obesity tax , " when it 's being levied on a product that is n't good for anyone ?
Would n't a better term be a " health tax , " since everyone stands to benefit from lowering or eradicating their consumption of regular soda ?
Quite evidently so — but we have now so inextricably linkedwith ( or , more accurately , with ) that anything merely healthful is " anti-obesity .
"
Resultingly , fat people are demonized , thin - but - unhealthy people are discouraged from thinking about whether regular soda is something they should cut out of their diets for any reason other than , and the simplistic associations between fat / unhealthy and thin / healthy are reinforced yet again .
And on and on the self - reinforcing cycle goes .
A cycle , I might add , that should be so glaringly apparent to any thinking person at this point it 's difficult to believe there 's anyone still arguing with a straight face this shit is aboutand not about the still perfectly acceptable revulsion with bodies that have the unmitigated gall to be less than perfect .
[ Via Memeorandum . ]
Fox 's Steve Doocy , Ainsley Earhardt and Brian Kilmeade talked with Michael Reagan and John Dukakis .
Michael Reagan compared Obama 's policies to socialism during the campaign but changed his tune this morning .
On Oct. 30 , Reagan wrote for NewsMax.com , " To anyone familiar with socialism , Obama 's programs fit comfortably within the pages of Karl Marx 's playbook , the root of which is the redistribution of the wealth , the key to the entire Obamian vault . "
This morning , Reagan said , " That 's why maybe 30 % of conservatives voted for barack obama or did n't vote at all because his message literally — at the end of the campaign — was a conservative campaign .
It was Ronald Reaganesque . "
The list keeps growing of those who invested with Bernard L. Madoff , the prominent trader who is accused of running a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme , and are now exposed to huge losses .
DealBook will continue to update the list as further information becomes available .
Previously , DealBook took a look at some of the bigger losers and the growing litigation in the case .
So around this time of year we like to share some of the most gut - wrenchingly disturbing stories , the kind we would tell around the campfire if we ever actually went outside .
And most importantly , they 're all true .
As we are fond of pointing out , fact is usually much creepier than fiction .
6 Something Off About That Picture
The Legend :
A young man is dropping off groceries at the house of an eccentric old lady when he notices an old photo that makes the hair on his arms stand on end .
The photo's normal enough - - a young boy in his Sunday best -- but something just seems off .
He asks the old lady who it is .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Oh , " she replies , trying to stuff a cat in the dishwasher " is n't that beautiful ?
You can hardly tell he 's dead . "
The Truth :
While most folks today are too squeamish to take more than a glance into the casket during a funeral , in the late 19th through early 20th centuries someone dying meant it was time to break out the camera for a family photo .
The practice was known as memorial photography .
And , while it all sounds like the set - up for some terrifying practical joke on the photographer , there was actually a somewhat reasonable explanation for the practice .
The process used to take pictures back then was expensive enough that it was a once in a lifetime ( er , or shortly after a lifetime ) thing for most , and required people to sit perfectly still for a couple minutes for it to turn out properly .
And if there 's one thing dead people are good at it 's sitting still .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So , the bodies were dressed and propped up , with their eyes held open .
And in case they still were n't giving off that lively " I 'm not a corpse harnessed to a chair " vibe , some color was added to the faces in the photo .
And just look what they could do with special effects in those days !
Some photographers also offered to add stink lines , but it never really caught on .
Eventually the practice of memorial photography went out of style , maybe because picture - taking became more affordable and did n't have to be reserved for special occasions such as death .
Or , possibly everyone just sat up all at once and said , " Wait , what the fuck are we doing ? "
The days of all - you - can - eat bandwidth appear to be numbered .
AT&T , one of the largest broadband providers in the country , has set usage caps as an experiment in Reno , Nevada .
Under the plan — which became effective Nov. 1 — new AT&T broadband customers in Reno will be capped at 20 GB to 150 GB per month , depending on the plan .
And later this year , existing AT&T customers will be subject to the same caps if their usage exceeds 150 GB per month , according to a document filed with the FCC by the company .
Users who go over the limit , will be given a one - month grace period , after which point they 'll be charged $ 1 for every GB they use over the cap .
The company is following in the steps of many other broadband providers — most notably Comcast , which set a 250 - GB cap in August — who are setting limits on broadband use in an attempt to crackdown on so - called " bandwidth hogs . "
Time Warner Cable has tested a tiered service in
Texas with caps ranging from 5 GB to 40 GB ; Canada 's Rogers set its cap at 60 GB ; and New York - based DSL provider Frontier recently announced a measly 5 - GB cap .
While analysts have argued that mostly cable operators need to worry about bandwidth constraints , AT&T has proven that 's not the case .
The company is n't just concerned about protecting its capacity .
Profit motive must play some role in the company 's consideration of bandwidth caps , says Forrester Research analyst Sally Cohen .
" They 're trying to think strategically about how to monetize the network , " says Cohen .
" Consumers are going to need more and more bandwidth over the next five years , and AT&T is walking a fine line between preserving resources and figuring out how to increase revenue per user . "
It 's a point AT&T alluded to when it said the caps will help the company to " evaluate ways of dealing with surging usage trends while continuing to meet customer needs for a high - quality broadband experience at an affordable price . "
Meanwhile , Verizon , one of the few companies holding out on broadband caps , says it has no plans for implementing broadband caps in the near future .
" That 's not to say it wo n't ever happen .
But at the moment we have plenty of capacity and we 're happy to deliver to our users as much bandwidth as they require , " said Verizon spokesman Jim Smith .
Photo : downing .amanda/ Flickr
See Also :
We have had an excellent experience with developing both an apple and android app to be integrated into our suite of products .
The project was rebuilding and existing app and extending some of the features .
Work was completed and ongoing support was excellent .
Our project was managed well and once scoped by us was delivered and we have apps that are on the app stores .
Would recommend Amar InfoTech for development of mobile apps .
Their team worked with us as the project progressed at the development level .
Ensure your UI ’s are well designed to start with and you will have an excellent result with Amar Infotech .
We look forward to working with their team as we expand
Matthew Gorringe
Rex Features
“ PLEASE do n't take your organs to heaven , ” reads the American bumper sticker .
“ Heaven knows that we need them here on earth . ”
Last year more than 7,000 Americans died while awaiting an organ transplant — almost double the number of American soldiers killed in Iraq since 2003 .
In Europe , too , thousands of people whose lives could be extended or transformed ( by having sight restored , for example ) through transplants forfeit the opportunity for want of available organs .
Research by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) has found that only one in ten people in need of a new kidney , the body part most in demand , manages to get one .
In the poorest places , of course , a complex transplant — which in the American health system costs $ 500,000 — is unthinkable for most people anyway .
But the gap between supply and demand for organs affects the poor too , by creating a market in body parts where abuses are rife .
In prosperous and middle - income countries , the waiting lists for organ transplants grow ever longer as ageing populations , hypertension and obesity ( a big cause of diabetes - driven kidney failure ) take their toll .
The problem has been exacerbated by a fall in road deaths in rich countries , which — along with strokes and heart attacks — are the main source of organs for transplant .
Small wonder that people scour the globe to procure the organs they or their loved ones need ; or that unscrupulous intermediaries offer help .
The latest of many organ - harvesting scandals is now raging in India , one of several poor countries where the sale of organs used to be legal but has now been banned , with the apparent effect of driving the trade underground .
A doctor , Amit Kumar , is awaiting trial after reportedly confessing to having performed hundreds of illegal transplants for rich clients from America , Britain , Canada , Saudi Arabia and Greece .
He has been accused of luring labourers into his clinics with job offers ; victims were then offered up to $ 2,000 , a princely sum , to part with a kidney .
Some who refused are said to have had kidneys removed anyway after being drugged .
Another kidney racket flourished in South Africa between 2001 and 2003 .
Donors were recruited in Brazil , Israel and Romania with offers of $ 5,000 - 20,000 to visit Durban and forfeit a kidney .
The 109 recipients , mainly Israelis , each paid up to $ 120,000 for a “ transplant holiday ” ; they pretended they were relatives of the donors and that no cash changed hands .
At least until very recently , a key destination for such “ transplant tourists ” was China , where — according to human - rights groups — there used to be a ready supply of organs plucked from the bodies of the thousands of people who are executed every year .
China insisted that the prisoners ' organs were only used with their “ consent ” .
But under global pressure , it agreed a year ago to stop the practice ; in theory , only blood relatives of the executed can now get their organs .
The sale of any human body part was banned in 2006 .
Before the change , about five Australians a year bought organs from the bodies of Chinese who had been executed , according to Jeremy Chapman , the Australian head of the International Transplantation Society .
Knowingly or unknowingly , Europeans may have benefited from another racket , operating on their doorstep , in a region where the West claims to be upholding human rights .
Carla del Ponte , until recently the chief prosecutor at the war - crimes court for ex-Yugoslavia , claims in a new book * that in 1999 , guerrillas from Kosovo harvested the organs of 300 captive Serbs at a secret site in Albania .
The authorities in Kosovo and Albania have hotly denied the story .
Fear of professional failure
Just why is there such a lack of donors in rich countries , given that , according to opinion polls , most people like the idea of donation and are ready in principle to participate ?
One big factor has been a stream of media reports that give people the impression of widespread malpractice by the medical profession and the funeral and biomedical industries .
These reports of shady activities do not always involve life - saving organs such as kidneys , hearts and livers .
Michael Mastromarino , the leader of a New York body - snatching ring , was recently jailed for at least 18 years after stealing bones , skin , arterial valves , ligaments and other tissues from corpses nabbed from funeral homes .
Most of these parts were used for dental implants , or hip or knee replacements .
To avoid detection , the bodies would be “ boned ” below the waist ; PVC piping was then sewed back on in time for open - casket wakes .
The parts were afterwards sold on , without proper screening for disease , and used in more than 20,000 transplants .
Mr Mastromarino , an ex-dental surgeon , made millions of dollars from the scam .
Among his victims was Alistair Cooke , a British broadcaster who died in New York in 2004 at the age of 95 .
Court hearings arising from the Mastromarino case , replete with gore , will run and run .
Next month four employees of his biomedical firm , and the directors of three funeral homes that colluded with him , go on trial .
In September a Philadelphia court was packed with relatives who were aghast as two brothers who ran funeral homes admitted selling their loved ones ' parts to the Mastromarino ring .
Separately , recipients of body parts from the racket have begun lawsuits on grounds that their lives have been endangered by “ diseased ” organs .
The risk of decrepit or diseased body parts being given to unsuspecting patients was highlighted by the revelation earlier this year that two American patients had died , and another two were undergoing chemotherapy , after getting organs in 2007 from a teenager who was thought to have died from meningitis but was later found to have had a rare form of cancer .
The two recipients of his pancreas and his liver died from the same cancer .
The publicity such cases attract — rare as they may be —risks discrediting the very idea of transplants .
And yet transplants were long viewed as one of the most glamorous and obviously benign areas of medical science .
The first successful transplant of a body part — a cornea — was done in Austria just over 100 years ago .
It took another half - century before the first live kidney transplant , between identical twins in America .
More “ firsts ” followed : the pancreas ( in America , 1966 ) , liver ( in America , 1967 ) , heart ( South Africa , 1967 ) , lung ( Canada , 1983 ) , hand ( France , 1998 ) , face ( France , 2005 ) and penis ( China , 2006 ) .
The range of organs and tissues that can be transferred ( there are now 37 possibilities ) , plus the emergence of better anti-rejection drugs , has led to a surge in demand .
In America , nearly 30,000 organ transplants are now carried out per year : an average of 82 a day .
The number of available organs is not keeping up .
A record 100,000 Americans are on waiting lists , with 4,400 names being added each month .
True , some sign up with two or more transplant units .
But more than a quarter have been on waiting lists for at least three years ; one in seven for five years or more .
And the toll of avoidable deaths goes up and up .
Please , do n't give it to a gangster
Among American campaigners for organ donation , there were groans of dismay after an investigation by the Los Angeles Times found that four notorious Japanese criminals got transplants at the Medical Centre of the University of California Los Angeles , apparently jumping a queue of needy Americans .
Without commenting on the report 's details , the centre defended itself , saying it abided by the rules of the United Network for Organ Sharing ( UNOS ) , a federally - mandated arrangement .
This allows for some non-American recipients ( up to 5 % ) , since there are some non-American donors .
The centre also pointed out that it has no mandate to make moral judgments about the people who get organs .
But for Americans who might hope to bequeath their parts to a deserving compatriot , it is horrible to imagine a foreign gangster benefiting .
Most of the time , at least , America 's 254 transplant centres stick to UNOS 's strict rules on the use of organs .
As in most countries , priority generally goes to children .
Then several other factors come into play : compatibility between donor and recipient ; geography ( some organs last only a few hours after extraction ) ; the urgency of need ; the likely improvement in quality and length of a recipient 's life .
( A new kidney can extend the life of a robust patient by as much as 20 years . )
On this set of criteria , the over - 70s are relegated to the back of the queue .
But they are now the fastest - growing group on American waiting lists .
In desperation , some turn to children or grandchildren for the kidney or liver part they need , according to Nancy Scheper - Hughes , an American medical anthropologist and campaigner against abuses in the organ trade .
Normal selection criteria do not apply to voluntary donations between relatives .
For sufferers from kidney failure , dialysis is possible — but at a cost of huge personal disruption and a gigantic bill .
In Britain more than 7,600 people are now waiting for various organs — nearly 50 % up on just a decade ago .
Despite a record 3,235 transplants in the 12 months up to March , nearly 500 patients died before a suitable donor was found .
Three in four Britons tell pollsters they are ready to donate their organs when they die , yet only around a quarter are registered donors — and far fewer end up actually donating their parts .
With barely 13 deceased donors per 1 m , Britain 's rate of “ cadaveric ” donation ( ie , after death ) is less than half Spain 's or America's , and well below that of many other rich countries .
This partly reflects the high objection rate among British donors ' relatives .
When their loved ones die , 40 % of Britons refuse to let their organs be removed , even if that is the express wish of the deceased .
In Portugal , the refusal rate is only 6 % .
In Britain , just as in America , news reports have sapped confidence in the transplant business .
In recent weeks , eyebrows were raised after it emerged that part of a liver obtained through the National Health Service was used for a private patient , a Kuwaiti boy , at King 's College Hospital in London .
The surgeon involved was cleared of any wrongdoing after explaining that he had given most of the liver to an NHS patient , while reserving the left lobe for the boy , who was critically ill .
A general British wariness about the abuse of body parts dates from a scandal at the Alder Hey children 's hospital in Liverpool where Dick van Velzen , a Dutch pathologist , cut thousands of parts from children who died between 1988 and 1994 , without their parents ' knowledge .
Although the parts were taken for research , not transplants , the outrage was huge .
A government - mandated inquiry into British transplants noted that despite a rise in living donors ( mainly of kidneys ) there has been a fall since 2002 in one critical indicator : the number of donations from bodies that are pronounced brain - dead but whose other organs ( including heart and lungs ) are still functioning .
A big reason for this is the objections raised by many families who could not bear the idea of loved ones ' parts being removed from bodies that seemed to be working .
The precise definition of death also concerns people who are less intimately involved .
Although the world 's main religions ( including Islam and Roman Catholicism ) endorse the idea of organ donation in order to save lives , some Christian theologians say doctors are too quick to call people “ irreversibly brain - dead ” when bits of the brain might still be operating .
Such sensitivities help explain why so many countries ( including Britain ) continue to have an “ opt - in ” system of donation , under which those willing to give their organs on death must sign up as donors , as opposed to the “ presumed consent ” or “ opt - out ” systems , under which everyone is assumed to be a donor unless they register an objection .
In most opt - out systems , the next of kin's approval is also required .
Spain , France , Italy and Austria , which have presumed consent , all have high deceased - donor rates , of over 20 per 1 m ; that 's why Britain , too , is debating such a system .
But presumed consent is no panacea .
Greece , with an opt - out system , has low cadaveric - donor rates ; America , with an opt - in system , ranks pretty high .
Spain , champion of the dead - donor league and pioneer of the opt - out approach , has more than doubled its rate ( from 14 to 34 ) in the past 20 years .
But that is not merely the result of an opt - out system ; at least as much of Spain 's success reflects an excellent network of organ - transplant teams in every hospital , which routinely screen patients ' records to find potential donors .
The recent British inquiry found that mainly by copying Spain 's efficiency , donation could be boosted by 50 % , enough to cover Britain 's needs .
Another factor is that Spain 's media have helped allay public fears .
Even so , Spain still has waiting lists ; so it , like others , is increasingly looking to living donors as an alternative source of kidneys , liver parts and pancreas parts , which can be removed without any long - term harm to the donor 's health .
( The removal of a kidney is now pretty safe , that of liver parts less so . )
Such transplants mostly take place between relatives or loved ones .
Altruistic strangers also offer parts , but this is rare .
Living - donor rates vary as widely as cadaveric ones , from near zero in some countries to more than 20 per 1 m in others .
And there is little correlation .
Some places do seem to compensate for a low deceased - donor rate with a high rate of living - donors , or vice versa ; but others , like America , do well on both scores .
Doing it the Iranian way
But it is Iran ( with a low deceased - donor rate ) that has the highest living - donor rate in the world — 23 per 1 m .
It is also the only country where monetary compensation for organs is officially sanctioned .
Iran began paying unrelated living donors for their kidneys in 1988 .
Just 11 years later it had eliminated its kidney - transplant waiting lists — a feat no other country has achieved .
Under the Iranian system , a patient wanting a kidney must first seek a suitable , willing donor in his family .
If that fails , he must wait up to six months for a suitable deceased donor .
Failing that , he can apply to the national transplant association for a kidney from a list of living donor volunteers .
They are offered two forms of compensation : a fixed $ 1,200 fee plus free health insurance for one year from the government ; and a lump sum from the recipient or , if he is too poor , from a designated charity , of between $ 2,300 and $ 4,500 .
In theory at least , foreigners can't be buyers or sellers .
In practice , Iran also has a market in kidneys ( allowing buyers and sellers to agree a price that tops up the sums officially available ) .
In addition , there are altruistic donors , who offer up kidneys anonymously as an Islamic duty , or in gratitude for a prayer that has been answered .
In fact , Iran 's reality runs the gamut of approaches from commerce to state support to kindness .
It somehow works ; Iranians no longer go abroad for kidneys .
In every other country , the trade in human organs is illegal , at least on paper .
Even Pakistan , which along with China used to take the bulk of transplant tourists , decided last year to ban organ sales .
Filipinos tried to fill the gap , openly advertising kidney “ surgery ” on the internet for $ 65,000 - 95,000 — a fraction of the cost in America .
In 2007 foreigners accounted for nearly half the kidney transplants in the Philippines .
For a while , the government turned a blind eye .
But in April it banned transplants for non-Filipinos .
The WHO has included the idea of a worldwide ban on the trade in organs in its latest draft of “ Guiding Principles ” for transplants , which have not been updated since 1991 .
Approved in May by the agency 's executive board , the draft will go to its full assembly for final approval in June next year .
Its position is stern and clear : the legal sale of organs is likely to exploit the poorest and weakest groups in society , to undermine altruistic giving and may also lead to human trafficking .
But the rapidly worsening shortage of organs , particularly kidneys , has led some patients ' groups , doctors and politicians to look again at some form of reward for living donors .
For example , Israel has passed a law to allow donors to be paid fixed compensation of around $ 5,100 for loss of earnings during transplant surgery and recuperation .
( The Orthodox Jewish stress on the integrity of the human body has been one factor in the lowish rate of donations in Israel . )
Benjamin Hippen , a transplant neurologist with the Carolinas Medical Centre in Charlotte , North Carolina , suggests that American donors be offered some reward , such as lifelong health insurance .
The Netherlands has considered that too .
In 2005 , Dr Hippen notes , 341,000 Americans were on dialysis , triple the number in 1988 .
This cost the state $ 21 billion a year , more than 6 % of Medicare 's total budget .
By 2010 , their number is expected to swell to around half a million , rising to perhaps 700,000 by 2020 .
Though Iran 's system is “ far from perfect ” , America could learn “ a good deal ” from it , he says .
Gavin Carney , a professor at Australia 's National University Medical Hospital , suggests paying each donor around $ 47,000 .
This , he says , would save thousands of Australian lives and billions of dollars in the cost of care for patients , some of whom wait seven years for a kidney .
The government “ should n't just let people rot on dialysis ” , he says .
Nadey Hakim , a London transplant surgeon and ex-president of the International College of Surgeons , also favours some form of compensation .
“ There really is no other option , ” he says .
*“ La Caccia :
Io e i criminali di guerra ” ( The Hunt : the War Criminals and I ) , published by Feltrinelli
Over the past few days , many have found their levels summarily blocked by Sony and LittleBigPlanet 's developers , Media Molecule , because they allegedly breach someone else 's intellectual property .
Even minor copyright violations such as references to characters from other games are being " moderated " , and players are given no option to remove the offending content and republish their levels .
Aside from copyright offences , players can find their levels removed if there is any content that would be " unsuitable for users of all ages " , a moderator on the game 's official forum said .
One forum member , Rocktave , said his level was deleted because it included items related to Sonic The Hedgehog and Metal Gear Solid , which were created by other players .
" I think I 'm done with this little experiment .
I had to delete my level that I spent hours working on , because it would n't load , copy , or move , so any desire I had to play this game is completely gone now , " he wrote .
Another had their level deleted because its name , Failure to Launch , was shared by a 2006 romantic comedy movie .
Several other members complained their levels were blocked despite containing no offensive or copyrighted material , with no explanation given .
Many are saying they have now lost their motivation to play the game .
" I 'm so depleted right now , I can't even think of wanting to create another one after my first one got deleted , dont want to spend another 7hrs + making one just for it to get deleted again , " wrote Josh1122 .
Last month , the launch of LittleBigPlanet was delayed and all stock recalled because music lyrics in a background song contained two lines from the Koran , which could have caused offence to Muslims .
While other games have allowed players to create their own levels , LittleBigPlanet 's success stems from the fact that it is easy for anyone to customise the game completely using simple tools and to share their creations with the public .
Media Molecule originally said players would be limited only by their imagination but has since become significantly more draconian , without any word of legal threats from other game publishers .
" If a level is found to be in violation of the EULA [ End User License Agreement ] it will be moderated , " a community manager for the game wrote on the official forum .
" We 're moving towards a system where additional information is given , however for the time being if you do n't want your level moderating avoid anything unsuitable for users of all ages and copyright content . "
Sony Australia declined to comment .
Enlarge By Alex Ross , DC Comics Batman , a comic - book staple since the early days of the genre , will have his legend put to rest in February by Neil Gaiman .
Will success kill Batman ?
Just as The Dark Knight closes in on $ 1 billion worldwide gross , DC Comics is ready to have Bruce Wayne " die " — or at least give up the cape — in his monthly comic .
Batman # 681 , due Nov. 26 , wraps up writer Grant Morrison 's Batman R.I.P. story line , in which the crimefighter is so shaken by a secret from his past that a new Batman must be found .
What makes this " death " go beyond the usual circulation booster is the talent involved .
Helping to bury Batman will be best - selling novelist Neil Gaiman , who created the goth - cult Sandman comic 20 years ago .
Gaiman is writing a two - issue tribute to the character , starting with Batman # 686 and tentatively titled Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader ? , due in February .
" This is my last Batman story , " he says .
" And in some ways , it could be seen as every last Batman story . "
Working with artist Andy Kubert , Gaiman will try to reconcile the various versions of Batman , some wisecracking , others brooding , over the Dark Knight 's 69 - year history .
" There are infinite Batmans , " he says .
" It has been really hard on Andy because I keep asking him to draw in so many different styles . "
DC Comics asked writer Alan Moore , creator of Watchmen , to similarly wrap up Superman 's first half - century with Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ? in 1986 .
The character was retooled shortly thereafter .
Comic - book deaths are usually short - lived .
" No franchise ever closes down for good , " Gaiman says .
His return to comics had everything to do with the Batman character .
" You never forget your first , " he says .
" My entire love of comics came from 1966 , being 5 years old and the Adam West TV show starting in the U.K. , " says Gaiman , who 's English .
" Superman is sweet and fun to write , but Batman is more than fetishistic .
… Batman sees his parents killed by criminals and vows to do something about it .
" Every day that there are still criminals out there , he 's losing . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Nov. 14 , 2008  --
A record number of felons are seeking presidential pardons or commutations as President George W. Bush enters the final months of his term , creating one of the largest backlogs in clemency applications in recent history .
More than 2,300 people applied for a pardon or commutation in fiscal 2008 , which ended Sept. 30 , the largest number for any single year since at least 1900 , according to Justice Department Statistics .
The unprecedented number of applications and the lengthy time needed to make final decisions have led to a backlog of more than 2,000 pending clemency applications .
Who will , and will not , get clemency in the waning days of the Bush presidency -- a time when many presidents have granted sometimes controversial pardons -- remains the subject of speculation and controversy .
A number of high - profile felons have already sought clemency , among them Michael Milken , the junk - bond king and financier convicted of securities fraud in 1990 ; John Walker Lindh , the so - called American Taliban ; Randy " Duke " Cunningham , the former California congressman who was convicted of tax evasion ; and Edwin Edwards , the former governor of Louisiana convicted in 2000 of racketeering , according to the Justice Department .
And possible investigations into the Bush administration 's interrogation and domestic surveillance policies has also raised the theoretical question of whether Bush will attempt to grant a blanket , preemptive pardon to members of his administration .
Bush , who came into office in the wake of the scandal surrounding Bill Clinton 's pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich , has so far used his pardon power sparingly .
He has approved 157 pardons and six commutations , the lowest number of any president since World War II , except for his father , George H.W. Bush , who approved 74 pardons and three commutations in his four years as president .
The number of requested and pending applications jumped at the end of the Clinton administration and has remained high in the past eight years .
The president has virtually unchecked power to issue pardons and reprieves for federal crimes , except in cases of impeachment .
Pardon experts said a blanket , preemptive pardon of members of the Bush administration would be unprecedented , and unlikely .
Other presidents have granted controversial pardons -- President Gerald Ford pardoned Richard Nixon ; Andrew Johnson pardoned Confederate soldiers after the Civil War ; Jimmy Carter issued a blanket amnesty for Vietnam War -era draft - dodgers .
But legal scholars say there has been no comparable grant of amnesty for what would presumably be a large group of government officials for unspecified conduct .
There would be other barriers , as well .
Though a blanket amnesty would forestall potential criminal cases , legal analysts said a pardon could be read as a tacit admission of guilt .
Among those who 've raised the preemptive pardon issue is Harold Krent , the dean of the Chicago - Kent School of Law , who studies presidential power .
But he said it would be difficult to issue a blanket amnesty to administration officials without defining in some way the extent of the possibly illegal activity .
" You would almost have to say that a person was tortured in order to absolve somebody of the torture , " he said .
Unlike other controversial pardons , Krent said the extent of any potential illegal activity in the Bush Administration is not known .
" We , as a society , lose the benefit from the closure and mere transparency that comes through a criminal trial , " he said .
A White House spokesman would not comment on whether preemptive pardons were under consideration .
Process of Presidential Pardons
A pardon is an official act of forgiveness that removes civil liabilities stemming from a criminal conviction , while a commutation reduces or eliminates a person 's sentence .
The Justice Department , which makes recommendations to the president about who should receive clemency , said it had not received applications from other high - profile convicts such as Jack Abramoff , Martha Stewart , Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens , who was recently convicted of lying on financial disclosure forms , or I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , Vice President Dick Cheney 's former chief of staff , who was convicted last year of perjury and obstruction of justice .
Bush commuted Libby 's sentence in July .
The president has the power to grant pardons or commutations on his own , even if felons have not applied through the Department of Justice .
Regardless of what happens to members of the Bush administration and high - profile figures like Libby , there are still thousands of largely unknown people seeking pardons or reduced prison sentence .
Critics say Bush has largely ignored his power to correct what they see as the excesses of a rigid criminal justice system -- what Alexander Hamilton called cases of " unfortunate guilt " -- and that large backlogs have meant that some clemency applications have lingered in the Department of Justice and the White House for years before action is taken .
" I think it 's an absolute disgrace the way Democratic and Republican administrations , the Bush Administration apparently being the worst , have departed from giving many commutations and pardons except in political cases , " said Phillip Heymann , a former Deputy Attorney General in the Clinton White House who now teaches at Harvard Law School .
" I think it would be wonderful if we tore up everything to do with pardons and started over and made it a classy operation , with people carefully going over applications . "
Current and former government officials say the backlog is causing long delays .
Margaret Love , the U.S. Pardon Attorney from 1991 to 1997 who now represents people seeking pardons , said the Office of the Pardon Attorney , which makes recommendations to the president about who should receive clemency , is moving through cases without reviewing them in the same detail that it used to .
Love said many of her clients are no longer being referred by the office for an FBI background investigation , one of the initial steps for potentially promising pardon applications .
She said she has clients who are awaiting decisions on applications filed during the Clinton Administration .
" They are denying people who meet the standards without an investigation , " she said .
" I cant get them to first base . "
Ronald Rogers , the U.S. Pardon Attorney , declined to be interviewed .
A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment other than to refer to 2001 congressional testimony from Roger Adams , the former pardon attorney .
In that testimony , Adams said the office 's " initial investigative step , " when reviewing commutation applications , was to read an applicant 's pre-sentencing report , judgment of convictions and prison progress report .
In a recent court affidavit , a pardon office official said the office reviewed those documents in " many cases , " which Love described as a " change in policy . "
" The Department of Justice has basically closed down the pardon program for all intents and purposes for meaningful release of ordinary people , " she said .
" I do n't think any substantive thought is given to the issues raised by the people who are applying . "
The backlog in applications , according to Love , is a result of the tough - on - crime attitude of the 1980s , including the explosion in drug cases , mandatory - minimum sentencing laws and the abolition of parole .
Bush has received 7,707 petitions for a reduced prison sentence , nearly six times the number received by President Ronald Reagan .
Several outside experts and government officials said presidents often see little political upside , and a lot of risk , in granting pardons .
Said Daniel Kobil , a professor at Capital University School of Law in Ohio , who studies presidential clemency , " I think we 're seeing a Willie Horton - ization of the clemency power , " a reference to the convicted felon whose release under a Massachusetts weekend furlough program helped torpedo Gov. Michael Dukakis ' 1988 presidential campaign .
Pycorn is an interpreted operating system written in Python , intended to recreate the easy learning curve of 16 - bit BASIC - based microcomputers .
Device drivers , file systems , network protocols can all be implemented in Python with no C or assembler code .
Supreme Court denies review of medical pot law SAN FRANCISCO San Bernardino , San Diego counties sued over Prop. 215
The state Supreme Court turned back a challenge to California 's medical marijuana law Thursday from two counties that said they were being forced to condone federal drug - law violations by state - approved pot users .
San Diego and San Bernardino county officials had sued to overturn Proposition 215 , the 1996 initiative that legalized medical marijuana , and a more recent law that required them to issue identification cards to users who had a doctor 's recommendation .
The justices unanimously denied review of an appellate decision in July that concluded California was free to decide whether to punish drug users under its own laws , despite the federal ban on marijuana .
The decision is " a momentous victory for countless seriously ill patients , " said Adam Wolf , an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer who defended the state law in the appeals court .
He said the counties should stop wasting money " in a doomed effort to undermine the will of California voters . "
But Thomas Bunton , a deputy San Diego County counsel , said the county would ask the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case .
The California law " authorizes people to engage in conduct that 's forbidden by federal law , " Bunton said .
He said San Diego and San Bernardino counties particularly objected to the follow - up statute on identification cards that the Legislature passed in 2003 .
The cards , issued by the counties , protect their holders from arrest by state or local police for possessing small amounts of medical marijuana .
The U.S. Supreme Court has allowed federal authorities to rely on U.S. drug laws to prosecute medical marijuana patients and their suppliers , and to shut dispensaries in California and the 11 other states with laws similar to Prop. 215 .
But the court has not prevented the states from deciding which drugs to prohibit under their own laws .
In a separate case , the city of Garden Grove ( Orange County ) has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a California appellate ruling requiring police to return a patient 's medical marijuana after state charges were dismissed .
That case also involves a potential conflict between federal and state law .
In the counties ' lawsuit , the Fourth District Court of Appeal in San Diego ruled July 31 that federal law does n't require states to impose criminal penalties for marijuana possession .
The purpose of the federal law , the court said , is " to combat recreational drug use , not to regulate a state 's medical practices . "
Have you ever wanted to mark up Google search results ?
Maybe you 're an avid hiker and the trail map site you always go to is in the 4th or 5th position and you want to move it to the top .
Or perhaps it 's not there at all and you 'd like to add it .
Or maybe you 'd like to add some notes about what you found on that site and why you thought it was useful .
Starting today you can do all this and tailor Google search results to best meet your needs .
Today we 're launching SearchWiki , a way for you to customize search by re-ranking , deleting , adding , and commenting on search results .
With just a single click you can move the results you like to the top or add a new site .
You can also write notes attached to a particular site and remove results that you do n't feel belong .
These modifications will be shown to you every time you do the same search in the future .
SearchWiki is available to signed - in Google users .
We store your changes in your Google Account .
If you are wondering if you are signed in , you can always check by noting if your username appears in the upper right - hand side of the page .
The changes you make only affect your own searches .
But SearchWiki also is a great way to share your insights with other searchers .
You can see how the community has collectively edited the search results by clicking on the " See all notes for this Search Wiki " link .
Watch our lead engineer , Amay , demonstrate a few ways to use SearchWiki in this short video :
This new feature is an example of how search is becoming increasingly dynamic , giving people tools that make search even more useful to them in their daily lives .
We have been testing bits and pieces of SearchWiki for some time through live experiments , and we incorporated much of our learnings into this release .
We are constantly striving to improve our users ' search experience , and this is yet another step along the way .
Notes 1 .
The 5 Paul votes from Alaska were not announced aloud by the Chair .
2 . After the Chair announced 12 votes for New Hampshire , the delegation announced that they cast 24 votes for McCain .
At this point , the Chair announced 12 votes for McCain .
3 . After the Chair announced 30 votes for Oregon , the delegation announced that they cast 26 votes for McCain and 4 votes for Paul .
At this point , the Chair announced 26 votes for McCain .
The 4 Paul votes were not announced aloud by the Chair .
4 . After the Chair announced 74 votes for Pennsylvania , the delegation announced that they cast 73 votes for McCain .
At this point , the Chair announced 74 votes for McCain .
5 . The livestock auctioneer from Tennessee said " George S. McCain " .
6 . The Utah chairman originally called Mitt Romney " George Romney " then quickly corrected himself .
The 2 Romney votes from Utah were announced aloud by the Chair .
7 . After the Chair announced 40 votes for Washington , the delegation announced that they cast 36 votes for McCain and 4 votes for Paul .
At this point , the Chair announced 36 votes for McCain .
The Chair sounded like she was going to repeat the Paul vote but was cut off by Secretary Inman who immediately called for West Virginia .
8 . After the Chair announced 30 votes for West Virginia , the delegation announced that they cast 28 votes for McCain and 2 votes for Paul .
At this point , the Chair announced 30 votes for McCain .
The repeating Secretary almost said " Ron McCain " .
9 . 21 September 2008 Update : During the roll call vote , Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe 's microphone was turned off before he could announce Oklahoma 's vote : Senator John McCain - 39 , Congressman Ron Paul - 2 .
No votes were actually cast by Senator Inhofe and the convention staff assumed that all of the state 's votes were being cast for McCain .
Attempts to get the attention of the Chair were unsuccessful .
On 19 September , the RNC informed the Oklahoma Republican Party that the Official Proceedings of the 2008 Convention , " The Green Book " would indicate McCain : 39 , Paul : 2 . 10 . 7 January 2010 Update .
The 6 Minnesota delegates tallied as " not voting " apparently voted for Ron Paul .
Governor Tim Pawlenty was cut off after he reported the 35 votes for John McCain so the 6 votes for Ron Paul were not heard .
Here is the 15 May 2009 letter from Republican Party of Minnesota Chairman Ron Carey to Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele requesting a correction to the official record and the 30 June 2009 response from Chairman Michael Steele confirming the revision to the official record .
We get a total of 2,343 for McCain , 15 for Paul , and 2 for Romney as announced from the floor .
If the 30 votes from West Virginia and the 74 votes from Pennsylvania are all counted for McCain : the total is 2,346 for McCain , 13 for Paul , and 2 for Romney .
The 5 Paul votes from Alaska , 4 from Oregon , 4 from Washington , and 2 from West Virginia were not at all announced aloud by the Chair , but the 2 for Romney from Utah were .
Indeed , none of the votes for Paul were announced from the Chair and Paul lost 2 votes between the floor and the Chair ( re : West Virginia ) .
The 6 Paul votes from Minnesota were neither heard from the floor nor announced from the chair .
The final tally as announced from the Chair was : McCain 2,372 , Romney 2 , and Paul 5 .
This totals to 2,379 .
Add and remove Django - Admin Inlines with JavaScript
The built - in Django Admin- Interface ( django.contrib.admin ) has a nifty little feature called Inlines or InlineModelAdmins .
With Inlines you can edit multiple related objects right on the bottom of the page of the parent object .
Looking at the official Django tutorial a Poll - object can have multiple Choice - objects which can then be edited inline with the Poll - object .
I 'm not going deeper into this now and assume that you are familiar with Inlines .
Current State
If you are using a lot of Inlines on one page it can quickly get messy because a setting of extra=3 means that with for example 3 different Inlines you get at least 9 empty Inline forms when loading the page .
And if you want to add 5 objects to one of them you first have to add three , click save , wait till the page refreshes and start adding the last 2 and save again .
Adding a bit JavaScript
Trying to solve this I have written a bit of JavaScript .
It 's not a complete solution but it works for me ( TM ) so I 'm going to share it here hoping that someone else may find it useful of might improve it further .
First let't handle removing / deleting of already saved Inlines : Every Inline that 's present when you load the page has a tiny checkbox on the top - right corner labeled " delete " , which will - if checked - delete the Inline once you click save .
My naive approach to make this more usable is to just collapse the Inline once it 's marked for deletion .
The code thas has to be added to the page is just a few lines but uses jQuery :
$ ( function ( ) { $ ( '.inline -group .inline - related . delete input ' ) . each ( function ( i , e ) { $ ( e ) . bind ( ' change ' , function ( e ) { if ( this .
checked ) { // marked for deletion $ ( this ) .
parents ( '.inline - related ' ) . children ( ' fieldset.module ' ) . addClass ( ' collapsed collapse ' ) } else { $ ( this ) .
parents ( '.inline - related ' ) . children ( ' fieldset.module ' ) .
removeClass ( ' collapsed ' ) } } ) } ) } )
The code reuses CSS classes already present in the Admin CSS for collapsing fieldsets .
Now let 's dynamically add more Inline objects with JavaScript : Adding new Inline forms involves a bit more steps , first we need a button which let 's the user add a new form .
Looking into the django / contrib / admin/templates/admin/edit_inline/stacked.html template you can see that this button is already included but commented out :
{# < ul class = " tools " > #} {# < li >< a class = " add " href= " " >
Add another {{ inline_admin_formset.opts.verbose_name|title }}</a></li> #} {# </ul > #}
This leaves us with two good solutions : Either add a template to out InlineModelAdmin which overwrites the default inline template and has this Link included or write some JavaScript code to dynamically add this Button at runtime .
For simplicity I used the template approach .
Additionally I 've added a target to the link .
The modified lines in my Inline template ( which is essentially just a copy of the default stacked - inline template above ) look like this :
< ul class = " tools " > < li >< a class = " add " href = " # " onclick = " return add_inline_form ( ' { { inline_admin_formset.formset.management_form.prefix }} ' ) " >
Add another {{ inline_admin_formset.opts.verbose_name | title }} </ a ></ li > </ ul >
Clicking this link will call a ( yet to be defined ) JavaScript function called add_inline_form which takes the prefix of the Inline formset as a parameter , this is needed to calculate some values .
The following JS code has to be added to the page :
function increment_form_ids ( el , to , name ) { var from = to - 1 $ ( ' : input ' , $ ( el ) ) .
each ( function ( i , e ) { var old_name = $ ( e ) . attr ( ' name ' ) var old_id = $ ( e ) . attr ( ' id ' ) $ ( e ) . attr ( ' name ' , old_name .
replace ( from , to ) ) $ ( e ) . attr ( ' id ' , old_id .
replace ( from , to ) ) $ ( e ) . val ( '' ) } ) } function add_inline_form ( name ) { var first = $ ( ' #id_ ' + name + ' - 0 - id ' ) . parents ( '.inline - related ' ) var last = $ ( first ) . parent ( ) . children ( '.last - related ' ) var copy = $ ( last ) . clone ( true ) var count = $ ( first ) . parent ( ) . children ( '.inline - related ' ) . length $ ( last ) .
removeClass ( ' last - related ' ) ; $ ( last ) . after ( copy ) ; $ ( ' input#id_ ' + name + '- TOTAL_FORMS ' ). val ( count + 1 ) increment_form_ids ( $ ( first ) . parents ( '.inline -group ' ) . children ( '.last - related ' ) , count , name ) ; return false ; }
This code takes care of adding a new Inline form ( by cloning the last one and resetting values ) and incrementing id and name attributes on the new form and incrementing the counter of how many inline forms for the Inline exist ( which is stored in a hidden form - field ) .
Conslusion
I am able to add Inline forms on the fly and collapse Inlines which are marked for deletion , which both are huge usability improvements for the enduser using the page to edit data .
The code above is at most a prototype to show that this is possible and may break at any point .
I 've only tested it with pretty simple Inline models ( containing CharFields ) .
If you have ideas for improvements feel free to take the code and do whatever you want with it .
Sidenote : Also check out Simon 's sort snippet to sort Inlines dynamically using drag - and - drop .
Kommentare
As they review the results of Tuesday ’s election victories and begin looking toward future campaigns , some Democrats have settled on a rallying cry : Texas is next .
It sounds improbable for the Republican bastion that produced President Bush and served as an early laboratory for Karl Rove ’s hard - nosed tactics .
But Texas is one of several reliably red states that are now in Democrats ’ sights as party strategists begin to analyze a victorious 2008 campaign that they believe showed the contours of a new movement that could grow and prove long - lasting .
A multiethnic bloc of Latinos , blacks , young people and suburban whites helped to broaden the party ’s reach Tuesday well beyond its traditional base in the Northeast and the West Coast -- carrying Barack Obama into the White House and expanding the party ’s majorities in Congress .
That new formula was evident in state exit polls and county - level election results showing that Democrats scored gains from a voting base that is growing progressively less white than the population that helped forge Republican advantages in past elections .
In state after state , from GOP strongholds like North Carolina , Indiana and Colorado , minorities made up a larger share of the vote than in the past , and in each case they helped turn states from red to blue .
Advertisement
A major shift in the Latino vote took place in Florida and the Southwest , where the Obama campaign spent at least $ 20 million on targeted appeals and organizing , including one television ad in the final days featuring the candidate reading Spanish from a script .
Latinos made up a greater share of the electorate than in the past in every Southwestern state , according to exit polls compiled by CNN .
And in each Southwestern state , as well as Florida , the Democrat pulled a bigger percentage of the Latino vote -- a turnaround from 2004 , when President Bush cut deeply into Democrats ’ hold on Latinos and won that bloc in Florida , where many Cuban Americans remain loyal to the GOP .
“ The Democrats have built what looks like a coalition they can ride for 20 or 30 years , ” said Simon Rosenberg , head of the pro-Democratic group NDN , which has spent millions of dollars targeting Latino voters .
Obama ’s winning coalition , some Democrats said , could mark a turning point in history : Republicans can no longer achieve an electoral college majority with their decades - old strategy of winning whites in the South and conservatives in the heartland .
Now , Democrats have a path through the Rocky Mountains and even some states in the old Confederacy .
Advertisement
Ruy Teixeira , a fellow at the liberal Center for American Progress who in 2002 co-wrote “ The Emerging Democratic Majority , ” said that Obama “ was able to realize the political potential in the ways the country is changing . ”
That , Teixeira added , bodes well for the party ’s future because “ you have all these ascendant groups leaning increasingly Democratic . ”
Texas , the nation ’s second - most - populous state and home to 34 electoral votes , was not a 2008 presidential battleground , and Republican nominee John McCain won there by a comfortable margin .
The Obama campaign spent little money there , apart from recruiting volunteers to work in other states .
--
More untapped potential voters
Advertisement
But strategists believe the large and growing Latino population there remains untapped , along with a large black electorate , which could make Texas competitive with a major investment of time and money from an Obama - led Democratic Party .
Similar possibilities exist in Arizona , another heavily Latino state that leans Republican , and Georgia , with a growing Latino population and a black electorate that grew from one - quarter of the overall voters four years ago to nearly one - third on Tuesday .
In turning Florida and Ohio , among other states , this year , Obama organizers focused for months not only on registering new voters but also on tracking down blacks , Latinos and young people who had been registered but never voted .
One top Obama strategist said the campaign had already sought to build the Texas state party , handing over a database with hundreds of thousands of voter names and phone numbers gathered when Obama and New York Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton competed in the state ’s Democratic primary .
Much of the campaign ’s attention in that effort focused on Latinos in the Rio Grande Valley .
Advertisement
The strategist , Cuauhtemoc “ Temo ” Figueroa , Obama ’s top Latino outreach official , said the state could be taken seriously as a presidential battleground if Democrats could win statewide races there in 2010 .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s four years or eight years off , but down the road , Texas will be a presidential battleground , ” Figueroa said .
The big question is whether Tuesday ’s results can fairly be interpreted as a sea change in American politics when so many unusual circumstances were at play .
Many Latinos , for instance , are angry at Republicans for the harsh anti-illegal - immigration rhetoric used by some in the party in blocking a path to citizenship for undocumented workers .
African Americans turned out in large numbers -- and voted almost unanimously for the Democrat -- because of the historic nature of Obama ’s candidacy to be the first black president .
Moreover , polls showed voters moved to Obama when the global financial crisis hit and stocks plunged .
And the percentage approval rating of the Republican president was mired in the low 20s .
Advertisement
Republican strategists concede that their party faces some demographic challenges with the Latino vote growing and moving toward Democrats .
But they dismissed the idea that Tuesday ’s results paved the way for a long - term GOP deficit .
“ We ’re certainly at a disadvantage right now , but these things tend to be cyclical , ” said Neil Newhouse , a Republican pollster .
“ We ’ll find our voice again soon . ”
GOP officials have already begun searching for that voice , with party leaders set to hold at least two different meetings this week , one hosted by the South Carolina party chairman and another by the conservative group GOPAC .
Among the topics being debated : how to try to bring minorities back into the Republican fold .
Greg Strimple , a GOP strategist who advised the McCain campaign , argued that Republicans would regain their footing because elections are decided by centrist voters who tend to shift between the parties .
Advertisement
Independents split evenly four years ago but went decisively for Obama , 52 % to 44 % .
Obama can keep those voters , Strimple said , only if he governs in the middle .
“ The only thing that really matters is where the center of the electorate goes , ” Strimple said .
--
Little coattail effect seen
There were signs that a strong finish Tuesday by Obama did not necessarily help other Democrats down the ballot -- suggesting that this new ethnic coalition could have more to do with Obama himself than an overall shift toward Democrats .
Advertisement
Obama , for example , scored a dramatic win in Florida ’s Miami - Dade County , beating McCain by 140,000 votes after an aggressive campaign to register minorities and get them to the polls .
But the GOP ’s three Cuban American members of Congress in Miami - Dade all won reelection , beating well - financed Democrats who had hoped to ride Obama ’s coattails .
Two of those Democratic campaigns had even coordinated with Obama ’s team on the ground .
The president - elect ’s double - digit win in Minnesota did not rub off on Democratic Senate contender Al Franken , who finished narrowly behind an incumbent Republican and now faces a recount .
And in Indiana , where Obama poured in money and hundreds of staffers and beat McCain , the state ’s Republican governor won reelection in a landslide , along with other GOP candidates .
Advertisement
Still , exit polls in Indiana showed the potential for a durable Democratic formula : a slight increase in the Latino share of the vote , up to 4 % , with nearly 8 in 10 backing Obama , and a turnaround among Indiana voters ages 18 to 29 who backed Bush in 2004 but this time supported Obama .
Nationally , two - thirds of voters 29 and younger supported Obama , compared with just more than half four years ago who voted for Democrat John F. Kerry .
Obama also cut his losses in the Republican - leaning suburbs , such as Hamilton County outside Indianapolis , where Bush ’s 2004 victory margin of more than 50,000 was nearly cut in half .
And he trimmed margins in some exurban counties such as Pasco on Florida ’s west coast .
Nationally , the African American vote rose from 11 % of the overall electorate to 13 % -- a small but substantial gain , particularly when 95 % of that group backed Obama .
Advertisement
The Latino share of the vote nationally rose slightly from 2004 , but the increases were sharpest in a few states : rising from 8 % to 13 % in Colorado , from 10 % to 15 % in Nevada , and from 32 % to 41 % in New Mexico .
The Latino share rose even in Arizona , McCain ’s home state .
Obama lost there , but his campaign purchased advertising in the final week , perhaps setting the stage for a pickup in four years .
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Cynthia Dizikes contributed to this report .
Beer Advocate ’s Return of the Belgian Beer Fest ’08 is nearly upon us .
In case you have clicked over to this post from the forums , check out my post from yesterday on some quick suggestions as to what Boston offers for beer joints during your brief visit .
As I will normally do with these lists , I base them partly on what I have been able to try , brewery reputation , how limited the beer is , and how intriguing the description is ( if there is one ) .
Most of all these are meant to be just for fun and to start up a conversation about what will be at the fest .
This is for the main sessions only .
There will be a post about Night of the Funk later today or tomorrow .
10 . Samuel Adams Knee Deep Kriek –
The folks from Boston Beer Co. appear to be bringing some new beers / one - offs .
Along with the Kriek , the brewery will showcase a Belgian Strong Ale , Red Ale , a double IPA called Triple Double , and a Blonde Ale .
Boston Beer Co. will be taking part in its first Belgian Beer Fest now that it will soon be the country ’s largest All - American beermaker .
This will occur after the finalization of the Belgian takeover of Anheuser - Busch , who just released American Ale .
Go figure .
9. St. Bernardus Abt 12 , Abbaye Des Rocs Grand Cru , and Tripel Karmeliet .
– A toss up depending on what your style preference is .
One of the best strong ales vs. one of the best quads vs. one of the best tripels .
An argument could be made for these being considered benchmarks in their respective styles .
If they were n’t available year - round to most of us , they would be higher on the list .
I just noticed Rochefort 8 on the list , too , which deserves mention ( like too many other beers ) .
8. Allagash Interlude –
When I first had this , I did n’t know what Brett was .
This is classified either as a Pale or Strong Ale , not an American Wild Ale , depending on which site you are on .
It makes a good introduction for anyone who has n’t been exposed to brett at all before .
Light fruits and a very dry finish from what I remember .
These bottles carry a high price tag so it is the perfect opportunity to give it a shot .
7. Duvel and Duvel Draft – Duvel sponsors the event and will be debuting its Duvel Draft product for the U.S. market .
The full press release can be found here .
There is certainly some skepticism around the release of Duvel on tap for the first time .
The public will be able to try it starting next month so it should be interesting to see what the post - fest thoughts are .
6. Weyerbacher Thirteen – This is a massive Belgian - inspired stout commemorating the brewery ’s thirteenth anniversary .
The ABV level on it is nearly 14 % .
Some have argued that it could use some aging but I gave it a 4.5/ 5 fresh out of the bottle .
I picked up another few bottles and will cellar a couple to see what happens .
[ Update : Second bottle seemed a little hot to me ( I do n’t think it was inconsistency ) but felt that it was masking some of the complexity .
Overall , still over a 4 for me and yes , I would agree now that the beer could use some aging ! ]
5. Gouden Carolus Hopsinjoor – I have heard good things , mostly around the idea of balance between the hop profile and the malt bill .
I still need to pick up a bottle .
Read Nick ’s review .
4. Lost Abbey Orphan Annie – This looks new .
The description says , “ Single unblended bbl of Lost and Found Abbey Ale in a used bourbon bbl w/ house cultures ; 8.0 % . ”
Arthur has proven his capabilities time and time again so I am not about to deny him of a top five spot here .
3. The Bruery Barrel - Aged Levud ’s and Batch No. 1 Levud ’s – How often do you get the opportunity to taste a rare beer next to an even more rare barrel - aged version of it ?
What the Bruery has been able to accomplish in its first year is dynamite .
And wait until you see the Night of the Funk list .
2. Ithaca Whiskey Tripel and Brute –
This brewery has done very well to establish itself in the upper ranks with beer connoisseurs in the last couple of years .
And this is arguably its most successful year to date in that regard , considering it was named best New York brewery at the Tap NY fest .
Here , the Whiskey Tripel looks like a one - off debut .
Are there other breweries that have done that to a Tripel ?
Then there is the Brute which reads like it could be along the lines of Allagash ’s Interlude .
Light funkiness and very dry .
Brute has been a huge hit as an Excelsior !
Series beer .
1. New Belgium La Folie –
One of the most well - known sour ales ever produced in the U.S.
It is quite possible that some festgoers have traded for it by now , but if you have n’t , this beer is making a rare appearance in New England .
It is one of the only beers that will be present that has a 4 + rating at RateBeer .
Abt 12 is the only beer rated above it at Beer Advocate that will be at the fest .
So , the economy stinks .
That 's pretty much a given , and most of us have stopped watching CNBC during the day and stopped opening our 401k statements .
It 's like 1929 , 1987 and 2000 all rolled into one , with the Dow falling from 14,000 to 8,000 in a year .
Me ?
I 've got my own leading economic indicators , and they 've got nothing to do with the " Money Quotes from Alan Greenspan " tear - away daily calendar on my desk .
I do n't need Greenspan to figure this thing out .
Here 's my leading economic indicator :
1 . We 're officially in a slowdown when Google starts cutting perks .
2 . We 're officially in a recession when Google does a hiring freeze .
3 . We might be in a depression if and when Google does layoffs .
Here 's the rundown ....
1 . It 's definitely a slowdown .
From the New York Post :
" Google is going on a diet when it comes to spending on a smorgasbord of food perks for employees living high on the hog in its New York office .
The online search giant issued a memo to its Big Apple workforce earlier this week noting slimmed - down cafeteria hours and food selection as part of an effort " to find areas where efficiency can be improved . "
The advertising business is expected to be hit hard by the ongoing credit crunch and Google CEO Eric Schmidt said earlier this month that the company would be operating more carefully as ad budgets come under pressure .
Gone are exotic treats like afternoon tea on Tuesdays , which has been suspended indefinitely .
However , the company said there still may be " occasional surprise ' snack attacks ' in the future " - similar to what employees get in Google 's Mountain View , Calif. offices . "
2. I lied before .
I 'm still watching CNBC , and it 's officially a recession .
From CNBC 's David Faber :
" Google , one of the nation 's great growth engines for employment , has essentially stopped hiring for the last month , according to several executives at the company .
A spokesperson at the company says there has been no freeze on hiring , but several executives I have spoken with who have hiring responsibility said it was made clear to them one month ago they were to make no new hires , including at the secretarial level and they were directed to fill all vacancies with internal candidates .
In effect , they term it an unofficial hiring freeze .
The good news ?
Nothing to report on the depression !
No layoffs at Google , at least yet .
If that happens , it trims 1,000 points off the Dow by itself .....
I know - I 'm a ray of sunshine ...
Obama arrives at White House for first visit as president - elect RAW STORY
Published : Monday November 10 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP )  Barack Obama arrived at the White House on Monday for his first visit as president - elect ahead of talks with President George W. Bush , who leaves office in January .
Just six days after he beat Republican John McCain in the presidential election , Obama , accompanied by his wife Michelle , was greeted by Bush at the South Portico of the presidential mansion , after flying in from Chicago .
" Taking a bit of prerogative , the president - elect put his left hand on Bush 's back as the two couples entered the Diplomatic Reception Room , " the AP noted .
" Bush and Obama strolled along the Colonnade and waved for their cameras while their wives began a meeting of their own . "
Obama then walked to the Oval Office -- his first visit to the president 's ultimate seat of power -- accompanied by the president , whom the Democrat spent months lambasting on the campaign trail .
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast November 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( with wire reports )
Based on whether the IT is doing the right thing ( aligned with business goals ) and whether it is doing it right ( effective ) , the researchers divided the companies in four groups :
The figures in the picture are comparing to the average and over three years - so , for example , the group that has IT aligned with the business but not effective has 14 % less sales growth than the average of all surveyed companies , but they spend 13 % more than the average on the IT .
On another hand , the group that has a mismatch in what IT does and what the business wants , but with effective IT , spends 15 % less on IT then average but sees 11 % more sales growth than the average over three years .
A very important note from Allan ’s talk is that the transition from the top - left corner into the top - right corner is virtually impossible , unlike the transition from the bottom right corner into the top - right corner .
Doing the wrong thing but doing it right turns out to be better than doing the right thing poorly .
For more information , see Allan Kelly ’s post on this topic .
First , I want to point out a great post on the Daily Kos regarding the accuracy of exit poll data .
I ’ve seen several stories citing AP exit poll data about the predominance of blacks voting for Proposition 8 .
While it ’s certainly fine to cite the data , the unreliability of the information should be mentioned as well .
A bit of digging offers up the AP methodology and this explanation of exit polls by Edison Media Research and Mitofsky International .
Second , I would like to thank Michael for a fantastic post regarding Proposition 8 .
As usual , his eloquence and logic are hard to beat .
I just wish more people would read his writings .
I wish more people would read in general rather than simply parroting what they hear in propagandist advertising .
I had a conversation with a woman a few weeks ago in which she openly supported Prop .
8 . Not because she was really against gay marriage , so she said , but because she did n’t want her child taught that it was ok in school .
Her only sources of information on the proposition were the advertisements she had seen on television and heard on the radio .
I told her the vote was n’t about what would be taught in schools , but I did n’t push the issue very hard .
I did n’t think I had to .
I am a California native .
And , for the first time in my life I am completely disheartened about my beloved state by the results of this single Propositional vote .
While I cried Tuesday night from joy , on Wednesday I shed tears of sadness .
I did n’t believe there would be so many more people like that woman heading to the voting stations .
How is it that at the same time as we looked past skin color to elect our nation ’s first black President , a sub -set of the nation could decide to take rights away from a group of citizens ?
It ’s because the decision was not based on logic .
The decision was based on fear .
Fear that children would be brainwashed into thinking homosexual behavior is something they should try .
Fear that gay marriage although different is really acceptable .
Fear that somehow gay marriage will lead to the destruction of society as we know it .
Well , you know what ?
If society continues to condone discrimination because of fear and hatred only thinly veiled by morality , maybe it deserves to be destroyed .
Or , at least , roughed up a bit .
I ’ve sat quietly by many times , not wanting to stir up a hornet ’s nest of a conversation .
I make excuses internally for not pushing forward on an issue that I believe is important : People can believe whatever they want , and I have no right to judge their beliefs .
I have no right to impose my beliefs on anyone .
Yet , that ’s just what happened .
The belief / judgement that homosexuality is wrong led to this proposition that will impose on people by taking away their rights to marry .
It ’s probably past time to speak up , but there is no better time to start than the present .
The arguments related to this issue are all distractions from the central issue of equality .
The following statement from Mark Leno , Assemblyman – CA , ( now Senator - elect ) frames the issue better than I ever could :
“ What is the one thing that all of us walking this planet have in common irrespective of our race , creed , color , religion , nation of origin , native language , sexual orientation or gender identity ?
What is our common humanity ?
It is our ability to love and our desire to love another human being in an intimate and committed fashion .
That is what makes us human beings .
If we , through our public policy and lawmaking , are going to say that one group of humans loves in a way that is deserving of a marriage license but this other group just does n’t love quite good enough so we will deny them their fundamental right to marry , then we are denying that group their very humanity .
It was at that time that I decided that I was ready to fight a war over a word . ”
I want to hope that love is our common humanity , and not fear .
I want to hope that cultural evolution will eventually make automatic responses , like fear of differences , obsolete .
I want to live in a society where love is the prevailing emotion over fear and hatred .
I might be an idealist , but it ’s something to work toward … something to fight a war of words for .
( CNN ) --
The international space station 's three crew members Sunday welcomed aboard space shuttle Endeavour 's seven astronauts , who arrived to help install more living areas and upgrade amenities .
The space station 's three crew members ( wearing dark blue ) greet members of Endeavour 's crew Sunday .
more photos »
" We understand that this house is in need of an extreme makeover , and that you 're the crew to do it , " station commander Mike Fincke told Endeavour 's astronauts after they entered the station .
" We 're really glad to see you .
... Welcome to space . "
The shuttle , which also brought mission specialist Sandra Magnus to replace station flight engineer Greg Chamitoff , had docked with the station just after 5 p.m. ET about 212 miles above northern India .
Two hours after the docking , the crews opened their vehicles ' hatches and exchanged hugs and handshakes as Endeavour 's astronauts entered the station .
" We 're looking forward to working on your house and making it looking a little bit better when you 're done , " shuttle commander Chris Ferguson said .
The greetings were shown live on NASA TV .
Chamitoff , who has been on the space station for nearly six months , greeted his ride home enthusiastically shortly after the docking .
Watch the docking »
" You look beautiful , " Chamitoff said by radio .
" I am smiling from ear to ear . "
See photos of shuttle launch , docking »
Before the shuttle docked , it did a nine - minute backflip so station astronauts could take high - resolution pictures of the shuttle 's thermal - protection system , NASA said .
The photos were transferred to Earth , and NASA will look at the photos for damage on Endeavour , which launched Friday .
It was a gash on the wing of space shuttle Columbia that caused its destruction and the deaths of seven astronauts during re-entry February 1 , 2003 .
NASA will first determine whether the images show any damage to part of Endeavour 's starboard wing .
That determination needs to be made before the installation of a new station module , scheduled for Monday , because the module would be in the way should closer inspection of the wing be needed , NASA officials said .
Should astronauts need to inspect the wing , the module installation would be pushed to Tuesday , NASA officials said .
NASA also said Sunday that debris seen about 26 seconds into Friday 's launch did not hit Endeavour , and that the debris was n't one of the shuttle 's thermal blankets as mission managers initially feared .
" We 've determined that all of our thermal protection system blankets are intact in that area , so we 're continuing to look at what that debris source might have been .
The candidate is probably ice , " mission management team chairman LeRoy Cain said .
While at the station , the astronauts will increase the station 's living space with room for six instead of the current three .
They 'll install more places to sleep , another bathroom , a better water system , more exercise equipment and a bigger refrigerator .
The population on board the space station is to grow to six next spring .
Also on tap are four space walks focusing on the station 's two Solar Alpha Rotary Joints , which allow the solar panels to track the sun .
The shuttle is also bringing Thanksgiving dinner , with irradiated turkey , candied yams , stuffing and dessert , because it wo n't be returning to Earth until November 29 .
Besides Magnus and Ferguson , members of the shuttle crew are pilot Eric Boe and astronauts Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper , Steve Bowen , Don Petit and Shane Kimbrough .
All About Space Shuttle Endeavour • NASA • International Space Station
Sir Richard Stagg , the British High Commissioner in India , told the BBC : " It is a very difficult and tense situation and one where we are trying to work closely with the Indian government in order to try to help them resolve it as they have helped us over the years with some serious terrorist attacks in the UK .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gasoline prices - already below the $ 2 - a - gallon mark - dropped for the 68th straight day in a national survey Monday .
The national average fell 2.1 cents to $ 1.908 per gallon of regular gasoline , according to the daily survey conducted for AAA , a motorist group .
Over the last 68 days gas prices have decreased $ 1.947 , or 50.5 % .
The last time the national average for a gallon was near the current price was Feb. 25 , 2005 , when the national average was $ 1.902 .
The price of gas is 53.6 % off the record - high $ 4.114 per gallon reached in mid-July .
Prices were down more than $ 1.17 per gallon from a year ago and 82.7 cents from a month ago .
Prices at the pump have sunk below an average of $ 2 a gallon in 36 states .
It was cheapest in Missouri , at an average of $ 1.592 , according to AAA .
All 50 states and the District of Columbia have prices below $ 3 a gallon .
The most expensive gas is in Alaska , at $ 2.865 per gallon , according to AAA .
The AAA figures , compiled by Oil Price Information Services , are state - wide averages based on credit card swipes at up to 100,000 service stations across the nation .
These are state - wide averages , and individual drivers may see lower fuel prices in different areas of each state .
Will Redmond O'Neal Get Off Easy ?
Yesterdayappeared in front of judgein a Los Angeles courtroom and stated that he is doing " a lot better " after spending two - weeks at a detox facility .
Surely he is doing better if his body is free of drugs for the time being .
The judge told Redmond , " You 're looking a lot better than the last time I saw you .
You 're on the right path .
I know it 's easy to stray .
Stay Clean . "
Redmond and his father actor Ryan O'Neal were both arrested on September 17th for possession of methamphetamine .
This all happened because Redmond , who was on probation , received an unexpected visit from his probation officer .
Surprise !
Lucky for Ryan he has a clever lawyer , Mark Werksman who told People magazine that the drugs that were found in his client 's bedroom were his sons and that he had confiscated them from Redmond .
He claims that he was trying to keep his son clean so he hid them .
Hello .... you hid them ?
For what ?
Flush them down the toilet , get rid of them !
Also , what 's up with the judges statement - I know it 's easy to stray ?
Come on !
Redmond told the court that he would be enrolling in a treatment program .
No word if he is talking about this week , next week or next year .
People get bored on long flights , which is why we love in - flight Internet access .
It lets people check email , read Wired.com , watch the stock market collapse and enjoy their favorite scenes from On Golden Blonde and Forest Hump .
Airlines , worried the wi-fi services they 're rolling out will turn planes into flying porn theaters , are installing filters to prevent passengers from surfing smut .
The decision is hailed by flight attendants – who 've so far been responsible for preventing porn peeping – and by activists concerned that children and other passengers might be subjected to objectionable material .
They also worry unfettered onboard Internet access poses a security and safety risk .
American Airlines says it will " implement technology to filter pornographic content over it 's Gogo in - flight Internet service . "
It 's an about - face for the airline , which had said it would leave the nannying to flight attendants .
The course correction was prompted in part by the vocal concerns of flight attendants who did n't want to be morality cops after the airline started offering in - flight wi-fi last month .
" Flight attendants are on board to provide security and safety for passengers , not to monitor their Internet usage , " Corey Caldwell of the Association of Flight Attendants told Wired.com .
" We 're glad the airlines have responded to our concerns and to those of passengers . "
But at least one privacy rights advocate opposes the idea and says blocking porn is the first step down a slippery slope .
" I do n't think it makes much sense , " Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , told ITWorld.com .
Filters do nothing to keep people from viewing inappropriate material stored on their laptops and open the door to blocking other content airlines – or others – might deem inappropriate , he says .
" It 's so easy , once that precedent is set , to broaden ... the kind of information blocks that might be imposed . "
Airline cabin crews are n't the only ones worried about airborne porn .
Girls Against Porn lobbied American to install filters , urging the airline to consider the harm inappropriate content might have on passengers and citing a particularly disgusting incident that has resulted in a $ 200,000 lawsuit against American .
" The airlines risk having this happen repeatedly if the Internet is n't filtered , " Girls Against Porn said in a statement .
Delta Airlines , which rolls out in - flight wi-fi later this year , told the Atlanta Journal Constitution it will filter inappropriate content .
" Blocking will be limited in scope and will be for sites that few , if any , would question are inappropriate to be viewed on an aircraft , " spokesman Kent Landers said , addressing concerns about filters known to block non-erotic sites such as Vanity Fair .
The two airlines are working with Aircell , which provides the wi-fi technology , to find a filter , though the company has yet come up with a solution .
" We want to be good partners to the customers coming to us with these types of concerns , " a company source told Wired.com .
" We 're working with them to come up with an effective solution . "
When they do , passengers will have to find another way to occupy themselves on those long - haul flights .
* Photo by Flickr user Magitisa .
*
Britain releases secret UFO files RAW STORY
Published : Monday October 20 , 2008
Print This Email This LONDON ( AFP )  Britain 's Ministry of Defence on Monday made public its secret files on UFO sightings , with the dossier including a range of reports from a close encounter with a UFO over Kent and a letter from a woman claiming to be an alien warrior .
The 19 different incidents were recorded between 1986 and 1992 , and published on the National Archives website .
Among the recorded incidents was a letter dated March 1990 from a woman who claimed she was an alien whose spaceship had landed during World War II and was recovered by the military .
" The crashed vehicle contained two males from Spectra , a planet orbiting the star Zeta Tucanae , and a female from one of the two inhabited planets in the Sirius system , Amazon the planet of warrior women , " she wrote in the letter , which also included sketches of herself and of Spectrans .
" That female was me , " she wrote .
Though the letter did not spark an investigation , another report from an Alitalia pilot did .
On April 21 , 1991 , the captain of an Alitalia plane was en route to Heathrow Airport when it had a close call with a UFO over Kent , the newly - revealed documents showed .
" At once I said , ' Look out , look out , ' to my co-pilot , who looked out and saw what I had seen , " Achille Zaghetti said in a report on the incident .
" As soon as the object crossed us I asked to the ACC ( area control centre ) operator if he saw something on his screen and he answered ' I see an unknown target 10nm ( nautical miles ) behind you ' . "
Meanwhile , a local television station had broadcast a story of a 14 - year - old boy who said he had seen a low - flying missile disappear that same evening .
Radar images at that time initially labelled the object " Cruise missile ? ? " , but it was later confirmed that it was not a military weapon .
By July 2 , however , a defence ministry inquiry found the UFO had not come from any Army firing ranges , and added there had not been any " space - related activity " that night .
This video is from ITN , broadcast October 20 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Apple recently released its new MacBook Pro featuring NIVDIA 's newest mobile chipsets , allowing a switch between the integrated 9400 M graphics and the discrete 9600M GT GPU for better efficiency or performance as needed .
However , Apple 's current implementation requires users to log in and out for the change to take affect .
According to NVIDIA , however , the chipset is capable of on - the - fly GPU switching and a lot more .
In a demo given to Gizmodo , NVIDIA representatives confirmed that the 9400 M chipset used in Apple 's latest notebooks is capable of instantly switching from the integrated GPU to an external GPU .
Additionally , it can work with two GPUs separately , as is the case currently , or can use both GPUs simultaneously for even greater performance gains .
The only requirement now is if Apple to enable the features and get them working with Mac OS X .
The other interesting tidbit is that the chipset supports up to 8GB of RAM — currently the notebooks are limited to 4GB of RAM .
It 's possible that Apple may have to wait for architectural changes in Snow Leopard to enable the additional graphics capabilities , as it is suspected that the login and logout is required to reset OS X's Window Manager .
However , it 's unknown whether adding 8GB of RAM to a MacBook simply requires 4GB SO - DIMMs or further changes in board design or software .
Either way , there 's even more impressive performance lurking under the hood than what we have already seen , and I 'm sure I 'm not alone in hoping Apple unlocks these capabilities soon .
Worlds worst hacker .
IRC transcript [ via ] crisscross.com
Its a bit of a long read but its sooo worth it .
The comments are not mine , they belong to the original poster of the dialogue .
quote : * bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-a97f9137.dip.t-dialin.net )
Quit ( Ping timeout # )
* bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-61a2169c.dip.t-dialin.net ) has joined # stopHipHop
< bitchchecker > why do you kick me
< bitchchecker > ca n’t you discus normally
< bitchchecker > answer !
< Elch > we did n’t kick you
< Elch > you had a ping timeout : * bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-a97f9137.dip.t-dialin.net )
Quit ( Ping timeout # )
< bitchchecker > what ping man
< bitchchecker > the timing of my pc is right
< bitchchecker > i even have dst
< bitchchecker > you banned me
< bitchchecker > amit it you son of a bitch
< HopperHunter|afk > LOL
< HopperHunter|afk > shit you ’re stupid , DST ^ ^
< bitchchecker > shut your mouth WE HAVE DST !
< bitchchecker > for two weaks already
< bitchchecker > when you start your pc there is a message from windows that DST is applied .
< Elch >
You ’re a real computer expert
< bitchchecker > shut up i hack you
< Elch > ok , i’m quiet , hope you do n’t show us how good a hacker you are ^ ^
< bitchchecker > tell me your network number man then you ’re dead
< Elch > Eh , it ’s 129.0.0.1
< Elch > or maybe 127.0.0.1
< Elch > yes exactly that ’s it : 127.0.0.1
I ’m waiting for you great attack
< bitchchecker > in five minutes your hard drive is deleted
< Elch >
Now I ’m frightened
< bitchchecker > shut up you ’ll be gone
< bitchchecker >
i have a program where i enter your ip and you ’re dead
< bitchchecker > say goodbye
< Elch > to whom ?
< bitchchecker > to you man
< bitchchecker > buy buy
< Elch >
I ’m shivering thinking about such great Hack0rs like you
* bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-61a2169c.dip.t-dialin.net )
Quit ( Ping timeout # )
What happened is clear :
That guy entered his own IP - Adress in his mighty Hack - Tool and crashed his own PC .
This way , the attack on my PC was a failure .
I was already starting to think that I did not have to worry , but a good hacker never calls it a day .
Two minutes later he returned .
quote : * bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-b5cd558e.dip.t-dialin.net ) has joined # stopHipHop
< bitchchecker > dude be happy my pc crashed otherwise you ’d be gone
< Metanot > lol
< Elch > bitchchecker :
Then try hacking me again …
I still have the same IP : 127.0.0.1
< bitchchecker > you ’re so stupid man
< bitchchecker > say buy buy
< Metanot > ah , [ Please control your cussing ] off
< bitchchecker > buy buy elch
* bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-b5cd558e.dip.t-dialin.net )
Quit ( Ping timeout # )
There was a tension in the room …
Would he manage , after these two failures , to crash my PC ?
I waited .
Nothing happened .
I felt relieve …
Six minutes passed by until he prepared the next wave of attack .
Being a Hacker , who usually cracks whole data centers , he knew what his problem was now .
quote : * bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-9ff3c180.dip.t-dialin.net ) has joined # stopHipHop
< bitchchecker > elch you son of a bitch
< Metanot > bitchchecker how old are you ?
< Elch >
What ’s up bitchchecker ?
< bitchchecker > you have a frie wal
< bitchchecker > fire wall
< Elch > maybe , i do n’t know
< bitchchecker > i’m 26
< Metanot > such behaviour with 26 ?
< Elch > how did you find out that I have a firewall ?
< Metanot > tststs this is not very nice missy
< bitchchecker > because your gay fire wall directed my turn off signal back to me
< bitchchecker > be a man turn that shit off
< Elch > cool , did n’t know this was possible .
< bitchchecker > thn my virus destroys your pc man
< Metanot > are you hacking yourselves ?
< Elch > yes bitchchecker is trying to hack me
< Metanot > he bitchchecker if you ’re a hacker you have to get around a firewall even i can do that
< bitchchecker > yes man i hack the elch but the sucker has a fire wall the
< Metanot > what firewall do you have ?
< bitchchecker > like a girl
< Metanot > firewall is normal a normal hacker has to be able to get past it … you girl^ ^
< He > Bitch give yourself a jackson and chill you ’re letting them provoce you and give those little girls new material all the time
< bitchchecker > turn the firewall off then i send you a virus [ Please control your cussing ]er
< Elch > Noo
< Metanot > he bitchchecker why turn it off , you should turn it off
< bitchchecker > you ’re afraid
< bitchchecker > i do n’t wanna hack like this if he hides like a girl behind a fire wall
< bitchchecker > elch turn off your shit wall !
< Metanot > i wanted to say something about this , do you know the definition of hacking ???
if he turns of the firewall that ’s an invitation and that has nothing to do with hacking
< bitchchecker > shut up
< Metanot > lol
< bitchchecker > my grandma surfs with fire wall
< bitchchecker > and you suckers think you ’re cool and do n’t dare going into the internet without a fire wall
He calls me girly and says only his grandma would use a firewall .
I know that elder people are much more intelligent then younger , but I could n’t let that rest .
To see whether he really is a good hacker I lie and let everything as it is .
I do n’t have a firewall at all , only my router .
quote : < Elch > bitchchecker , a collegue showed me how to turn the firewall off .
Now you can try again
< Metanot > bitchhacker can’t hack
< Black < TdV >> nice play on words ^^
< bitchchecker > wort man
< Elch > bitchchecker : I ’m still waiting for your attack !
< Metanot > how many times again he is no hacker
< bitchchecker > man do you want a virus
< bitchchecker > tell me your ip and it deletes your hard drive
< Metanot > lol ne give it up i’m a hacker myself and i know how hackers behave and i can tell you 100.00 % you ’re no hacker ..^^
< Elch > 127.0.0.1
< Elch > it ’s easy
< bitchchecker > lolololol you so stupid man you ’ll be gone
< bitchchecker > and are the first files being deleted
< Elch > mom …
< Elch > i’ll take a look
In panic I started the Windows Explorer , my heart beating faster .
Had I under - estimated him ?
quote : < bitchchecker > do n’t need to rescue you ca n’t son of a bitch
< Elch > that ’s bad
< bitchchecker > elch you idiout your hard drive g : is deleted
< Elch > yes , there ’s nothing i can do about it
< bitchchecker > and in 20 seconds f : is gone
Yes , true , G : and F : were gone .
Did I ever have them ?
Does n’t matter , I did not have time to think , I was scared .
bitchchecker was comforting me with a music tip .
quote : < bitchchecker > tupac rules
< bitchchecker > elch you son of a bitch your f : is gone and e : too
Drive E : ?
Oh my god …
All the games are there !
And the vacation pictures !
I instantly take a look .
Everything still there .
But the hacker said it was deleted ….
Or is n’t it happening on my computer ?
quote : < bitchchecker > and d : is at 45 % you idiot lolololol
< He > why does n’t meta say anything
< Elch > he ’s probably rolling on the floor laughing
< Black < TdV >> ^^
< bitchchecker > your d : is gone
< He > go on BITCH
The guy is good : My CD - drive is allegedly deleted !
Bitchchecker turned my ancient disk sucker into a burner !
But how did he do this ?
I ’ll have to ask him .
Some encourage him .
He himself is giving advice how to avoid the disaster on my hard drives .
quote : < bitchchecker > elch man you ’re so stupid never give your ip on the internet
< bitchchecker > i’m already at c : 30 percent
Should I tell him he ’s not attacking my computer ?
quote : * bitchchecker ( ~java@euirc-9ff3c180.dip.t-dialin.net )
Quit ( Ping timeout # )
Click to viewIn the past year we 've highlighted hundreds of Windows apps aimed at making your life easier , boosting your computer productivity , and powering up your PC .
Advertisement
For those of you who were n't able to keep up , here 's a look back at the most popular Windows downloads of 2008 .
Keep in mind that this list is based on the popularity of posts we 've published in 2008 only , regardless of the original release date of the app .
Many were brand new this year , while others were solid updates to popular software .
Here 's the full run-down of the 12 most popular Windows downloads of 2008 :
Firefox 3 Is Released , We Download
Advertisement
Firefox 3 was easily one of the biggest events in software in 2008 regardless of what platform you run .
We may be well on the way to Firefox 3.1 now , but if you 're looking to brush up on your Firefox 3 chops , be sure to check out the top 10 Firefox 3 features and our power user 's guide to Firefox 3 .
Top 10 Firefox 3 Features
The newest version of our favorite open source web browser , Mozilla Firefox 3 , offers dozens of … Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Mojo Downloads Music from Your Friends ' iTunes Libraries Over the Internet
Advertisement
Mojo makes it easy to download music from your friends '
iTunes libraries over the internet .
Mojo comes in both free and premium flavors , but the free version offers plenty of functionality for the money .
If you 're just getting started with Mojo , check out our guide to using Mojo .
Advertisement
Free PDF to Word Doc Converter Does What It Sounds Like
Advertisement
It 's easy to convert or print Microsoft Word documents to PDF , but what about when you want to go the other way around ?
The aptly named Free PDF to Word Doc Converter does exactly that .
( Original post )
Advertisement
OurTunes Grabs Music from Shared iTunes Libraries
Advertisement
If the limitations on Mojo are n't for you , the open - source classic ourTunes — which downloads music from any shared iTunes library on your network — made a comeback earlier this year , as a new developer took up the reigns and continues to release updates .
( Original post )
Advertisement
CCleaner Clears the Crap from Your PC
Advertisement
The popular PC colonic CCleaner ( the first ' C ' stands for Crap ) pushed out a 2.0 release earlier this year and you were quick to update and enjoy the crap cleaning goodies .
( Original post )
Advertisement
AVG Free Anti-Virus 2008
Advertisement
AVG Free Anti-Virus 2008 hit the streets in May , and the application that you voted the best antivirus applications for Windows was unsurprisingly popular .
( Original post )
Five Best Antivirus Applications
The internet is a glorious and exciting world , but unless you 're properly protected with a good …
Read more
Advertisement
Windows Vista Service Pack 1
Advertisement
Microsoft released the first major service pack for Vista , Windows Vista Service Pack 1 ( x64 version ) , in March , and you were eager to download and update to the latest and greatest from Redmond .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Hotspot Shield Gets Around US - Only Blocks and Content Filtering
Advertisement
Looking to protect your browsing privacy or access US - only content from outside the US ?
HotSpot Shield received a lot of attention in '08 from users looking to do that and more .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Quick Media Converter Easily Converts Media to Any Format
Advertisement
Quick Media Converter converts virtually any media file ( audio or video ) from one format to another .
The application has an emphasis on simplicity : Just drag and drop a file you want to convert onto the app , click the icon of the device you 're converting for , and let Quick Media Converter take care of the rest .
( Original post )
Advertisement
DExposE2 Brings OS X's Expose to Windows
Advertisement
Freeware application DExposE2 is a clone of Mac OS X's Expose feature for Windows XP and Vista , providing an attractive , innovative interface for switching and managing windows in Windows .
Check out the original post to see a video DExposE2 in action .
DExposE2 Like Mac Expose but Better Windows only : Freeware application DExposE2 is a clone of Mac OS X's Expose feature for Windows XP … Read more
Advertisement
Dropbox Instantly Syncs Files Across the Internet
Advertisement
Instantaneous file syncing was huge in 2008 , with free , cross- platform application Dropbox leading the pack .
Dropbox boasts web - based version control , fast and instant syncs , and a dead - simple setup .
Among other things , Dropbox makes for the perfect password syncer .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Executor Challenges Launchy , Impresses
Advertisement
Open - source application Launchy has long been a favorite of savvy keyboarders looking for quick app launching in Windows , but a saucy newcomer called Executor hit the ground running when it was released earlier this year .
Check out our original post for a more detailed rundown of what makes Executor so impressive .
Advertisement
Sharepod Frees Your iPod from iTunes
Advertisement
Want to free yourself from the shackles of iTunes but still want full functionality from your iPod ?
Sharepod is a lightweight iTunes alternative that runs directly from your iPod , so it 's with you whenever and wherever you plug in your player .
( Original post )
Sharepod Frees Your iPod From iTunes Windows only :
You do n't have administrative rights or iTunes at work , but you want to be sure you …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Whether or not your favorite Windows download of '08 won out in the popularity contest , let 's hear more about your favorite download of the year in the comments .
The news for red meat seems to be getting worse and worse .
In December , a survey of more than 494,000 people by the National Institutes of Health found that men who ate more than 5 ounces of red meat each day and women who ate more than 3 ounces had a 51 % greater risk of esophageal cancer , 61 % of liver cancer and 24 % of colorectal cancer than those who ate less than an ounce of red meat daily .
In October 2007 , the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research , two charities that fund research on the effects of diet and activity on cancer risk , declared that the evidence linking red meat consumption and colorectal cancer was “ convincing . ”
And though previous reports for breast cancer have been contradictory overall , findings published in July from a Harvard study of more than 39,000 young nurses suggested that the risk of getting breast cancer before menopause goes up for every extra daily serving of red meat a woman ate as a teenager , a time period that had not been studied before .
Advertisement
Add the numerous studies linking red meat to other cancers , cardiovascular disease , Type 2 diabetes and even Alzheimer ’s disease , and it sounds like the hamburger you had for lunch might as well have been laced with rat poison .
In fact , there is a place for red meat in a healthful diet , scientists say , but they recommend choosing smaller portions of lean cuts and cooking them well but not at high temperatures .
The question is which meat components are responsible for the observed health risks .
Scientists have several theories , though none seems to tell the whole story .
Red meat can contain a lot of saturated fats and cholesterol , known contributors to cardiovascular disease .
“ We know that dementia is strongly related to vascular disease , so it ’s likely we ’ll find a relationship there as well , ” says Dr. Walter Willett , chair of the department of nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health .
Advertisement
--
Contributing factors
Meat from commercially raised livestock also contains a high amount of omega - 6 fats , which have been associated with poor cardiovascular health , but a low amount of omega - 3 fats , which may be protective .
Another potential culprit is the iron in meat .
Iron is essential for health , but iron from meat comes in a different form than that from vegetables and legumes , one that is absorbed whether the body needs it or not .
“ This type of iron can cause oxidative damage to all the components of the cell -- the protein , lipid , DNA , RNA , ” says Al Tappel , professor emeritus of food science at UC Davis .
Advertisement
Many of the studies that found an association between meat consumption and health risks did not differentiate between unprocessed meat , such as a steak , and processed or cured meats such as salami , bacon , pepperoni , bologna and hot dogs .
Chemicals in processed meats may account for some of the cancer risk .
Finally , high - temperature cooking methods , such as grilling over charcoal , can cause the formation of known carcinogens such as heterocyclic amines , or HCAs , and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , or PAHs .
Mary Young , a registered dietitian from the Centennial , Colo . - based National Cattlemen ’s Beef Assn. , says that a study it commissioned on the science of red meat reached a very different conclusion ( the study has not yet been published ) .
“ Red meat does not cause cancer , ” she says .
“ Beef is really one of the most underappreciated nutrient - rich foods out there ” -- rich in protein and eight other nutrients , including B vitamins and zinc .
Some scientists , too , think that the risk of red meat has been overplayed .
“ The proof is not as strong as some people would like to think , ” says Iowa State University animal science professor Don Beitz .
“ Cancer is such a multifactorial [ problem ] .
I do n’t see how one can just pin it on certain pollutants or nutrients . ”
Advertisement
Rock - hard conclusions require carefully controlled , long - term , well - defined studies of many people .
Each one of these requirements can be difficult to meet , so scientists rely heavily on epidemiological studies in which the normal habits of large numbers of people are tracked , often pooling the results of multiple studies .
But unlike lab rats , humans do n’t live in a perfectly controlled environment , which makes it difficult to determine if it ’s meat or something else in the diet or environment that leads to an observed cancer risk .
Also , some studies ask people to recall what they ate years ago , and many studies do n’t even define red meat the same way .
Even when a correlation between meat consumption and illness is found , the effect can be significant but small .
In the December 2007 study , for example , high meat consumption resulted in only a 50 % increased risk of developing esophageal cancer -- by way of comparison , smoking can increase a person ’s risk of developing lung cancer by 1,000 % or more .
But to dismiss all risks because of inconsistencies in the research is unreasonable , Willett says .
“ That ’s exactly the same argument used by cigarette manufacturers to say that smoking is not harmful .
. . .
The perfect study will never be done .
The next best thing will be epidemiology . ”
Advertisement
--
Keep it lean
Scientists generally agree that lean red meat has a place in a healthful diet -- in moderation .
Studies showing increased cancer risks have mostly focused on high meat intake ; the greatest risk increases are for those eating far more than the USDA - recommended limit of 18 ounces per week .
“ One approach is to treat red and processed meat as a treat and not a regular staple , ” said Dr. Michael J. Thun , vice president of epidemiology and surveillance research at the American Cancer Society .
Advertisement
Moderation , it appears , is not the American way .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , in 2006 the average American consumed 95 pounds of beef and 64 pounds of pork -- about 7 ounces of red meat a day .
To sidestep some health concerns without giving up steak , some consumers have turned to grass - fed beef , which studies have shown to contain a heart - healthier ratio of omega - 3 to omega - 6 fatty acids .
Meanwhile , scientists are looking to make beef more healthful via selective breeding .
The amount of specific nutrients in steaks from two animals of the same breed can vary by a factor of two or three , Beitz says .
He and others in a group of researchers known as the National Beef Cattle Evaluation Consortium hope to find genetic markers for a host of nutrients , including omega - 3 and other beneficial fats , zinc and vitamins B6 and B12 .
The research , sponsored by Pfizer Animal Science , would help animal breeders look at animals ’ genetic profiles to select ones with the best nutritional composition .
Advertisement
“ In a way , we ’re trying to allow people to indulge themselves to a greater extent than to moderate , ” said James Reecy , an Iowa State geneticist also involved in the project .
The same technique could be used to limit the unhealthy components of meat as well , such as specific saturated fats .
Cattle breeders have already begun doing this , Reecy says .
Willett is n’t convinced that these efforts will eradicate the health risks that come from consuming red meat .
“ You may make it healthier in one way , but you ’re unlikely to fix all the problems at the same time , ” he says .
--
Advertisement
health@latimes.com
LOS ANGELES , Nov. 16 ( UPI ) --
The deadly drug gang turf wars that have claimed 4,000 lives so far this year in Mexico have spread to cities across the United States , officials say .
One example is in Atlanta , where federal authorities last month announced indictments against 41 people they said were trafficking drugs and laundering money for Mexican drug cartels , including a former deputy sheriff , the Los Angeles Times reported .
Advertisement
In San Diego , six men accused of belonging to a rogue faction of Tijuana 's Arellano Felix gang were charged in connection with as many as a dozen murders and 20 kidnappings over a three - year span , the newspaper said .
U.S. officials say Mexican gangs have committed slayings , kidnappings and other crimes in at least 195 U.S. cities , including Atlanta , Boston , Seattle and Honolulu .
Authorities have completed an 18 - month investigation aimed at the Mexican cartels called Project Reckoning , in which authorities arrested 507 people and seized more than $ 60 million in cash , 16,000 kilograms of cocaine , half a ton of methamphetamine , 19 pounds of heroin and 51 pounds of marijuana , the Times said .
The family of Mark Fisher also came to doubt the veracity of the case presented by the Brooklyn district attorney .
Fisher ’s mother , Nancy , was particularly vocal .
A devout Catholic from Colombia who immigrated to the United States , Nancy publicly charged that D.A. Hynes had shied away from going after all the parties who played a role in her son ’s slaying .
In their book on the case , authors Mladinich and Benson write that Nancy believed that “ some of those responsible for her son ’s death were not prosecuted because they had political connections and were able to pull strings . ”
In October 2006 , on the third anniversary of their son ’s death , the Fishers filed a civil lawsuit against Giuca and Russo , and reportedly claimed that Hynes had held back crucial information from the couple in the course of investigating Mark ’s murder .
“ I wo n’t go away until I get answers , ” Nancy told the New York Post .
“ I know that , and Hynes knows that . ”
At the time , District Attorney ’s Office spokesman Jerry Schmetterer said , “ It is totally inaccurate to say that there ’s any information that they ’ve asked for that we have n’t shared .
The D.A. and the prosecutor have both said that if any information developed that would indicate that there were more suspects in this murder , we would move very aggressively . ”
( The lawsuit is ongoing . )
The New York Post ran a banner headline : “ GRIDDER SLAIN TO BOOST GANG’S REP . ”
Watching Nancy in the courtroom during the trial , Doreen had thought about what her own mother had gone through when Doreen ’s brother Brian was murdered , in Park Slope in 1980 .
Brian was standing on a corner outside a bar at four a .m. when someone jumped him and stabbed him .
He made it home , only to collapse in the hallway of the house .
He died at the hospital an hour later .
“ My mother was never the same , ” says Doreen .
“ When I remember that pain in my mother , I thought , If my John killed someone ’s son , he should be in jail forever . ”
Doreen started having a recurring nightmare .
“ I ’ve had this dream maybe 50 times , ” she says .
“ [ There ’s ] the dreaded knock on the door .
I ’m told my son is dead , and I feel my stomach collapse and the blood drain from my body . ”
In the dream , Mark Fisher transforms into her son Matthew , and Matthew transforms into her brother Brian , and Brian becomes her son John .
She wakes up and remembers it ’s not her son who is gone , but Nancy Fisher ’s .
“ And when I wake like this I feel selfish for being grateful my sons are still here , ” she says .
“ I sit up in the bed and I wake Frank and he rolls over and puts his arms around me and asks if it was that dream again .
I say , ‘ Yes , ’ and he asks what can he do , and I say , ‘ Nothing . ’
I know Nancy Fisher ’s pain so well , and there is nothing I can do , nothing . ”
When John Giuca was hauled away to serve his sentence , he asked his mother , “ Mom , what are they doing to me ? ” Doreen ’s life went into a tailspin .
She smashed up her bedroom .
Frank thought she was having a nervous breakdown .
The day of Giuca ’s conviction , his half - brother , Matthew , disappeared for three days , sleeping on park benches .
Frank held the family together , going to work every day .
Doreen cried herself to sleep , sometimes burrowing in her bed until dark , when she ’d emerge to make dinner for Frank .
Every other weekend , she would travel eight hours by bus to see her son at the Upstate Correctional Facility , near the Canadian border .
Giuca went in thin , 135 pounds , weak and tired and scared .
The food was “ unrecognizable slop , inedible , ” he now says .
“ They fed you through a slot in the cell . ”
The drinking water came out rust - brown , sometimes viscous .
The showers were freezing .
Only three hours a day of recreation were allowed .
He double - bunked with a coke - addict burglar , who was doing 12 to life .
“ A good guy , ” Giuca recalls .
“ I was lucky . ”
Another friend was stabbed , but survived the attack .
Though Giuca ’s jailhouse world was racially polarized and tense , he managed to stay out of trouble , landing a job in the prison library , working 30 hours a week and making $ 7 every two weeks , which was considered generous .
He missed his mother ’s cooking .
She tried to compensate , bringing him canned tuna , green tea , grape juice , and as much fruit as the guards would allow , though he claims a good amount was pilfered along the way .
( He has since been moved to a less severe environment at Green Haven Correctional Facility , in Dutchess County , New York . )
The Sting
It went like this for a long time , Doreen in a daze , doing what needed to be done and feeling hopeless .
Then , one day in early 2006 , Doreen awoke from her stupor .
The jurors , she told herself .
Find something on the jurors .
It was a desperate thought .
She ’d watched television cop shows : if you prove a juror engaged in misconduct , it could overturn the case .
She obtained the jury sheet , which listed the names and neighborhoods of the jurors .
She got her hands on a transcript of the voir dire , the pre-trial review of potential jurors ’ fitness to serve on a case .
She even managed , through a contact , to come up with a list of some of the jurors ’ addresses .
And so it began .
She called her mission “ the Sting . ”
This menu is only active after you have chosen one of the main topics ( Algebra , Calculus or Differential Equations ) from the Quick Nav menu to the right or Main Menu in the upper left corner .
This menu is only active after you have chosen a topic from the Quick Nav menu to the left or Main Menu in the upper left corner .
Show Mobile Notice
Show All Notes
Hide All Notes
Mobile Notice
You appear to be on a device with a " narrow " screen width ( i.e. you are probably on a mobile phone ) .
Due to the nature of the mathematics on this site it is best views in landscape mode .
If your device is not in landscape mode many of the equations will run off the side of your device ( should be able to scroll to see them ) and some of the menu items will be cut off due to the narrow screen width .
Welcome to my online math tutorials and notes .
The intent of this site is to provide a complete set of free online ( and downloadable ) notes and / or tutorials for classes that I teach at Lamar University .
I 've tried to write the notes / tutorials in such a way that they should be accessible to anyone wanting to learn the subject regardless of whether you are in my classes or not .
In other words , they do not assume you 've got any prior knowledge other than the standard set of prerequisite material needed for that class .
In other words , it is assumed that you know Algebra and Trig prior to reading the Calculus I notes , know Calculus I prior to reading the Calculus II notes , etc .
The assumptions about your background that I 've made are given with each description below .
I 'd like to thank Fred J. , Mike K. and David A. for all the typos that they 've found and sent my way !
I 've tried to proof read these pages and catch as many typos as I could , however it just is n't possible to catch all of them when you are also the person who wrote the material .
Fred , Mike and David have caught quite a few typos that I 'd missed and been nice enough to send them my way .
Thanks again Fred , Mike and David !
If you are one of my current students and are here looking for homework assignments I 've got a set of links that will get you to the right pages listed here .
At present I 've gotten the notes / tutorials for my Algebra ( Math 1314 ) , Calculus I ( Math 2413 ) , Calculus II ( Math 2414 ) , Calculus III ( Math 3435 ) and Differential Equations ( Math 3301 ) class online .
I 've also got a couple of Review / Extras available as well .
Among the reviews / extras that I 've got are an Algebra / Trig review for my Calculus Students , a Complex Number primer , a set of Common Math Errors , and some tips on How to Study Math .
I 've made most of the pages on this site available for download as well .
These downloadable versions are in pdf format .
Each subject on this site is available as a complete download and in the case of very large documents I 've also split them up into smaller portions that mostly correspond to each of the individual topics .
To get the downloadable version of any topic navigate to that topic and then under the Download menu you will be presented an option to download the topic .
Here is a complete listing of all the subjects that are currently available on this site as well as brief descriptions of each .
Cheat Sheets & Tables
Class Notes
Algebra Cheat Sheets -
This is as many common algebra facts , properties , formulas , and functions that I could think of .
There is also a page of common algebra errors included .
There are two versions of the cheat sheet available .
One is full sized and is currently four pages .
The other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper .
Trig Cheat Sheets -
Here is a set of common trig facts , properties and formulas .
A unit circle ( completely filled out ) is also included .
There are two versions of the cheat sheet available .
One is full sized and is currently four pages .
The other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper .
Calculus Cheat Sheets -
These are a series of Calculus Cheat Sheets that covers most of a standard Calculus I course and a few topics from a Calculus II course .
There are four different cheat sheets here .
One contains all the information , one has just Limits information , one has just Derivatives information and the final one has just Integrals information .
Each cheat sheets comes in two versions .
One that is full sized and another that has been reduced , with exactly the same information as the full sized version , that prints two pages on the front and / or back of each page of paper .
Common Derivatives and Integrals -
Here is a set of common derivatives and integrals that are used somewhat regularly in a Calculus I or Calculus II class .
Also included are reminders on several integration techniques .
here are two versions of the cheat sheet available .
One is full sized and is currently four pages .
The other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper .
Table of Laplace Transforms -
Here is a list of Laplace transforms for a differential equations class .
This table gives many of the commonly used Laplace transforms and formulas .
It is currently two pages long with the first page being the Laplace transforms and the second being some information / facts about some of the entries .
All of the classes , with the exception of Differential Equations , have practice problems ( with solutions ) you can use for practice as well as a set of assignment problems ( without solutions / answers ) for instructors to use if they wish .
Preliminaries - Exponent Properties , Rational Exponents , Negative Exponents , Radicals , Polynomials , Factoring , Rational Expressions , Complex Numbers
Solving Equations and Inequalities - Linear Equations , Quadratic Equations , Completing the Square , Quadratic Formula , Applications of Linear and Quadratic Equations , Reducible to Quadratic Form , Equations with Radicals , Linear Inequalities , Polynomial & Rational Inequalities , Absolute Value Equations & Inequalities .
Graphing and Functions - Graphing Lines , Circles , and Piecewise Functions , Function Definition , Function Notation , Function Composition , Inverse Functions .
Common Graphs - Parabolas , Ellipses , Hyperbolas , Absolute Value , Square Root , Constant Function , Rational Functions , Shifts , Reflections , Symmetry .
Polynomial Functions - Dividing Polynomials , Zeroes / Roots of Polynomials , Finding Zeroes of Polynomials , Graphing Polynomials , Partial Fractions .
Exponential and Logarithm Functions - Exponential Functions , Logarithm Functions , Solving Exponential Functions , Solving Logarithm Functions , Applications .
Systems of Equations - Substitution Method , Elimination Method , Augmented Matrix , Nonlinear Systems .
The Algebra notes / tutorial assume that you 've had some exposure to the basics of Algebra .
In particular it is assumed that the exponents and factoring sections will be more of a review for you .
Also , it is assumed that you 've seen the basics of graphing equations .
Graphing particular types of equations is covered extensively in the notes , however , it is assumed that you understand the basic coordinate system and how to plot points .
Algebra / Trig Review - Trig Functions and Equations , Exponential Functions and Equations , Logarithm Functions and Equations .
Limits - Concepts , Definition , Computing , One - Sided Limits , Continuity , Limits Involving Infinity , L'Hospitals Rule
Derivatives - Definition , Interpretations , Derivative Formulas , Power Rule , Product Rule , Quotient Rule , Chain Rule , Higher Order Derivatives , Implicit Differentiation , Logarithmic Differentiation , Derivatives of Trig Functions , Exponential Functions , Logarithm Functions , Inverse Trig Functions , and Hyperbolic Trig Functions .
Applications of Derivatives - Related Rates , Critical Points , Minimum and Maximum Values , Increasing / Decreasing Functions , Inflection Points , Concavity , Optimization
Integration - Definition , Indefinite Integrals , Definite Integrals , Substitution Rule , Evaluating Definite Integrals , Fundamental Theorem of Calculus
Applications of Integrals - Average Function Value , Area Between Curves , Solids of Revolution , Work .
The Calculus I notes / tutorial assume that you 've got a working knowledge of Algebra and Trig .
There is some review of a couple of Algebra and Trig topics , but for the most part it is assumed that you do have a decent background in Algebra and Trig .
These notes assume no prior knowledge of Calculus .
Integration Techniques - Integration by Parts , Integrals Involving Trig Functions , Trig Substitutions , Integration using Partial Fractions , Integrals Involving Roots , Integrals Involving Quadratics , Integration Strategy , Improper Integrals , Comparison Test for Improper Integrals , and Approximating Definite Integrals .
Applications of Integrals - Arc Length , Surface Area , Center of Mass / Centroid , Hydrostatic Pressure and Force , Probability .
Parametric Equations and Polar Coordinates - Parametric Equations & Curves , Calculus with Parametric Equations ( Tangents , Areas , Arc Length and Surface Area ) , Polar Coordinates , Calculus with Polar Coordinates ( Tangents , Areas , Arc Length and Surface Area ) .
Sequences and Series - Sequences , Series , Convergence / Divergence of Series , Absolute Series , Integral Test , Comparison Test , Limit Comparison Test , Alternating Series Test , Ratio Test , Root Test , Estimating the Value of a Series , Power Series , Taylor Series , Binomial Series
Vectors - Basics , Magnitude , Unit Vector , Arithmetic , Dot Product , Cross Product , Projection
Three Dimensional Coordinate System - Equations of Lines , Equations of Planes , Quadratic Surfaces , Functions of Multiple Variables , Vector Functions , Limits , Derivatives , and Integrals of Vector Functions , Tangent Vectors , Normal Vectors , Binormal Vectors , Curvature , Cylindrical Coordinates , Spherical Coordinates
The Calculus II notes / tutorial assume that you 've got a working knowledge Calculus I , including Limits , Derivatives , and Integration ( up to basic substitution ) .
It is also assumed that you have a fairly good knowledge of Trig .
Several topics rely heavily on trig and knowledge of trig functions .
Three Dimensional Coordinate System - Equations of Lines , Equations of Planes , Quadratic Surfaces , Functions of Multiple Variables , Vector Functions , Limits , Derivatives , and Integrals of Vector Functions , Tangent Vectors , Normal Vectors , Binormal Vectors , Curvature , Cylindrical Coordinates , Spherical Coordinates
Partial Derivatives - Limits , Partial Derivatives , Higher Order Partial Derivatives , Differentials , Chain Rule , Directional Derivatives , Gradient .
Applications of Partial Derivatives - Tangent Plane , Normal Line , Relative Extrema , Absolute Extrema , Optimization , Lagrange Multipliers .
Multiple Integrals - Iterated Integrals , Double Integrals , Double Integrals in Polar Coordinates , Triple Integrals , Triple Integrals in Cylindrical Coordinates , Triple Integrals in Spherical Coordinates , Change of Variables , Surface Area .
Line Integrals - Vector Fields , Line Integrals With Respect to Arc Length , Line Integrals With Respect to x and y , Line Integrals of Vector Fields , Fundamental Theorem of Line Integrals , Conservative Vector Fields , Potential Functions , Green 's Theorem , Curl , Divergence .
Surface Integrals - Parametric Surfaces , Surface Integrals , Surface Integrals of Vector Fields , Stokes ' Theorem , Divergence Theorem .
The Calculus III notes / tutorial assume that you 've got a working knowledge Calculus I , including limits , derivatives and integration .
It also assumes that the reader has a good knowledge of several Calculus II topics including some integration techniques , parametric equations , vectors , and knowledge of three dimensional space .
First Order Differential Equations - Linear Equations , Separable Equations , Exact Equations , Equilibrium Solutions , Modeling Problems .
Second Order Differential Equations - Homogeneous and Nonhomogeneous Second Order Differential Equations , Fundamental Set of Solutions , Undetermined Coefficients , Variation of Parameters , Mechanical Vibrations
Laplace Transforms - Definition , Inverse Transforms , Step Functions , Heaviside Functions , Dirac - Delta Function , Solving IVP's , Nonhomogeneous IVP , Nonconstant Coefficient IVP , Convolution Integral .
Systems of Differential Equations - Matrix Form , Eigenvalues / Eigenvectors , Phase Plane , Nonhomogeneous Systems , Laplace Transforms .
Series Solutions - Series Solutions , Euler Differential Equations .
Higher Order Differential Equations - n th order differential equations , Undetermined Coefficients , Variation of Parameters , 3 x 3 Systems of Differential Equations .
order differential equations , Undetermined Coefficients , Variation of Parameters , 3 x 3 Systems of Differential Equations .
Boundary Value Problems & Fourier Series - Boundary Value Problems , Eigenvalues and Eigenfunctions , Orthogonal Functions , Fourier Sine Series , Fourier Cosine Series , Fourier Series .
Partial Differential Equations - Heat Equation , Wave Equation , Laplace 's Equation , Separation of Variables .
Notes ] -
Topics included in this set of notes / tutorial are :
These notes assume no prior knowledge of differential equations .
A good grasp of Calculus is required however .
This includes a working knowledge of differentiation and integration .
Reviews & Extras
Algebra / Trig Review -
This is an Algebra Review and Trig Review that was originally written for my Calculus I students .
It it still geared mostly towards Calculus students with occasional comments on how a topic will be used in a Calculus class .
However , anyone needing a review of some of the basic algebra , trig , exponential functions and logarithms should find the information of use .
Not all the topics covered in an Algebra or Trig class are covered in this review .
I 've mostly covered topics that are of particular importance to students in a Calculus class .
I have included a couple of topics that are not that important to a Calculus class , but students do seem to have trouble with on occasion .
As time permits I will be adding more sections as well .
The review is in the form of a problem set with the first solution containing detailed information on how to work that type of problem .
Later solutions are usually not as detailed , but may contain more / new information as required .
Complex Number Primer -
This is a brief introduction to some of the basic ideas involved with Complex Numbers .
The topics covered are a brief review of arithmetic with complex numbers , the complex conjugate , modulus , polar and exponential form and computing powers and roots of complex numbers .
Note that this primer does assume that you 've at least seen some complex numbers prior to reading .
The purpose of this document is go a little beyond what most people see when the first are introduced to complex numbers in say a College Algebra class .
Also , this document is in no way intended to be a complete picture of complex numbers nor do I cover all the concepts involved ( that 's a whole class in and of itself ) .
Common Math Errors -
As with the Algebra / Trig review this was originally written for my Calculus I class .
However , only one of the five sections that I 've given here directly addresses the topic of Calculus .
The other four sections are more general errors or cover Algebra and Trig errors .
There are a couple of calculus examples in the first four sections , but in all of these cases I 've also tried to provide non Calculus examples as well .
This portion of the site should be of interest to anyone looking for common math errors .
If you are n't in a Calculus class or have n't taken Calculus you should just ignore the last section .
BEGIN COLLECTING AND EXPLORING YOUR DATATO REVEAL THE BIGGER PICTURE .
Learn More ...
IPHONE APP
DEC 31 , 2010 : the Daytum iphone app has been released and is available for download in the App Store now .
Edward Norton's Obama Documentary Gets A Hollywood Ending
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Long before President - elect Barack Obama had even made up his mind to run for the highest office in the land , Edward Norton and his Class 5 Films production company were already documenting the Senator ’s life .
The 39 - year - old actor said that he became inspired by Obama ’s 2004 speech at the National Democratic Convention and felt inspired to capture someone from his generation — and not his parent ’s — inspiring so many and rising in leadership .
“ At the time , he was the new senator from Illinois , ” Norton told Variety earlier this year .
“ None of us had voted for him or contributed to his campaigns .
None of us was saying , ‘ I want to back this guy for president . ’
It was more this generational experience , of seeing someone we felt represented us in a very unique and fresh way , and the desire to explore what would happen to the first person our age who staked a claim to national leadership . ”
Since 2006 — starting with Obama ’s trip to Africa — Norton and his team have had the cameras rolling every step of the way .
The whole project was kept fairly secret — since neither the campaign nor Norton wanted it to fuel any criticism of Obama ’s ‘ celebrity ’ .
Last month , Norton spoke briefly about the project to the Vancouver Sun saying , “ We ’re making a historical record , not something to play a role in the election .
So we have an agreement with [ the campaign ] that we wo n’t talk about this , or publicize it until the election is over .
I ca n’t talk about access [ but ] it ’s a fascinating thing to document . ”
What an amazing hunch to run with documenting Obama — from before he declared his candidacy to last night ’s acceptance of the Presidency !
Such a historical record of those behind - the - scenes events is certainly priceless .
Of course , you can bet this footage to carry some kind of price .
Back in August , it was reported that HBO was highly interested in snagging the rights to the footage .
Their initial plans were to air the series within the first ‘ 100 days of the Obama Presidency ’ ; provided he win .
Mission accomplished .
So — stay tuned .
We may have witnessed history last night , but we ’ll also be privy to the behind - the - scenes two years of effort and drama it took to get there .
Thanks to Edward Norton for having the foresight to document the ride .
The most important thing the Democrats and President - elect Obama can do with regard to the economy is bring back a sense of fairness and equity .
The fat cats who placed the entire economy at risk with their greed and manic irresponsibility are trying to lay claim to every last dime in the national Treasury .
Meanwhile , we ’re nowhere close to an economic recovery program that will help the people who are hurting most .
Back in September , with the credit markets frozen and the stock markets panicking , the treasury secretary , Henry Paulson , was telling anyone who would listen that his $ 700 billion bailout package had to be passed with lightning speed  no time to look at it too closely , no time for dissent .
The package was modified , but hurriedly .
Now we learn that while all eyes were focused on this enormous new burden for American taxpayers , Mr. Paulson ’s department was also engineering  separate and apart from the bailout  what The Washington Post described as “ a quiet windfall for U.S. banks . ”
Research News
Batteries Made of Bacteria ?
Researchers believe the energy produced by Geobacter microbes can be harnessed for electrical power , environmental remediation and biosensors
Daniel Bond holds a jar of Geobacter microbes .
November 19 , 2008
Researchers at the University of Minnesota - Twin Cities are studying a remarkable species of bacteria , Geobacter sulfurreducens , that produces electric current when attached to a graphite electrode or other conductive surface .
Geobacter 's current capability already has been harnessed in so - called " microbial fuel cells " that use bacteria to convert wastewater organic compounds into electricity .
Daniel Bond , a microbiologist at the University of Minnesota - Twin Cities , and his team have demonstrated the same phenomenon can be harnessed for use in batteries and biosensors .
A traditional battery or a hydrogen fuel cell requires a precious - metal catalyst such as platinum to strip electrons off the fuel source and pull them onto the electrode to generate electricity .
Geobacter requires only graphite , an inexpensive and widely available form of carbon , to accomplish the same feat .
" Other species of bacteria may produce just as many electrons as they oxidize available fuels , but their cell membranes act like an insulator for electron transport , " said Daniel Bond , a microbiologist at the University of Minnesota - Twin Cities .
" With Geobacter , it 's the difference between a rickety one - lane bridge and a modern 12 - lane highway .
The electrons pass easily through internal membranes and cell walls and hop onto the electrode . "
Each " hop " requires them to travel about 10 Angstroms .
Geobacter has proteins that guide electrons all the way to the electrode .
" This makes Geobacter unique in comparison to other bacteria , " Bond said .
" Because of the distances involved , we know that multiple proteins are involved , which adds to the complexity and why we can't just clone a gene into E. coli to do this . "
The National Science Foundation ( NSF ) provided funding for the study .
Geobacter was discovered in the late 1980s by geochemist Derrick Lovely , who demonstrated that a lot of metal chemistry happening in underground aquifers and sediments might be due to bacteria , not just abiotic chemical reactions .
As a result , he isolated Geobacter and scientists around the world began studying its properties .
The similarities between microbes and batteries have been evident to scientists for many years and the idea of using the former to serve as the latter has been around for at least 100 years .
The problem was that known species of bacteria did n't make a particularly good battery .
Recently , when members of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory found that electrodes in ocean sediments could generate electricity , the possible involvement of bacteria was more obvious .
This led to the discovery that metal - reducing bacteria could catalyze this process all by themselves .
There are uses for remote power sources deep in the ocean for sensors and communications and what a Geobacter battery lacks in power , it makes up in simplicity and efficiency .
" There are no moving parts , it just works , " Bond said .
Other research groups had made some progress in characterizing Geobacter 's current generating properties .
" These bacteria exist to oxidize metal and pass electrons to whatever will take them , " he said .
" With the graphite electrodes , we fool the Geobacter into thinking they have an unlimited supply of metal ; instead of a few bites , they get an all - you - can - eat buffet . "
The bacteria eat and grow and eat and grow but instead of getting fat like we do , they make additional copies of themselves .
" The surface area of the electrode is limiting at some point .
We do n't really know how many bacteria we can pack on . "
Another application for this mighty microbe is in waste - water treatment plants .
The current technology requires a lot of oxygen , which gets expensive to pump in .
Geobacter could help purify the water and simultaneously produce enough electricity to help pay the power bill .
Bond 's group will continue to explore ways to improve Geobacter 's usefulness in energy , sensors and environmental cleanup , but they also want to understand better just how the bug does what it does .
" Part of our lab is working to scale - up the technology , but most of the work focuses on ' how ' and ' why , ' " Bond said .
When it comes to the inner workings of a bacterial cell , scientists have 100 years of knowledge to build on .
But research on how the cells get electrons to the surface is only about 10 - 20 years old .
" We 're lucky Geobacter 's outer surface has an affinity for graphite .
We 're working on making a better ' lock - and - key ' connection , " Bond said .
" Right now it just sort of fits . "
--
Banegas , National Science Foundation ( 703 ) 966-0316 DianeBanegas , National Science Foundation ( 703 ) 966-0316 dbanegas@nsf.gov
Investigators
Daniel Bond
William Smyrl
Related Institutions / Organizations
University of Minnesota - Twin Cities
Locations
Minnesota
Related Awards
# 0454861 Miniaturization of Mediatorless Microbial Fuel Cells for High - Throughput Studies of Bacteria - Electrode Interactions
Total Grants
$ 449,389
Here 's an alternative title for this post : nasty neighbors and mean people you meet in the street .
But that would just be bile and silliness and bitterness and not addressing myself to the real obstacles to social and environmental change which are at play , which are important to understand .
Because what 's happened is that a neighbor has threatened to have the police remove one of our rickshaws from the sidewalk where we park it .
She says it makes the street look untidy , and the implication is that it brings the neighborhood downmarket .
And the thing is , the way that bikes are parked in New York City is kind of untidy .
There is little dedicated space to park them so we New Yorkers lock bikes to lampposts and street signs and parking meters and scaffolds and railings and anything else we can find .
That 's cultural barrier number one : that the infrastructure does not exist to support change .
One of the biggest barriers to people turning to biking in NYC is the fear that their bikes will get stolen -- nowhere safe to leave them .
The good news is that new planning regulations will soon require every new building to provide indoor bike parking .
But cultural barrier number two is attitudinal .
That is to say , it is true that , at the moment , bike parking in New York uglies up the pretty blocks .
Look at the picture above .
Dedicated bike parking would improve that in a second .
But here 's the thing , what people do n't see is the possibility of a hundred bikes replacing a hundred much more untidy cars .
Look at the picture below .
If the cars are do not ugly up the city , I do n't know what does .
People do n't think of how much space and tidiness we'd get if we just replace the cars with bikes .
Not to mention all the pollutants and carbon gas we 'd save , too .
How do we get people past the limitations of the old ideas to see the possibility of the new ?
2008 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show PHOTOS
The Victoria 's Secret Angels have hit the runway in Miami Beach for the 2008 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show at the Fontainebleau Hotel .
As always , these women are sizzling as they strut their stuff for the appreciative audience and an army of photographers .
We 've got photos of Selita Ebanks , Heidi Klum , Karolina Kurkova , Adriana Lima , Alessandra Ambrosio , Doutzen Koroes and Miranda Kerr .
There are also a host of unnamed models who are equally lovely and worth a look as well .
Check out the Victoria 's Secret photo gallery below .
View Victoria 's Secret Fashion
Show 2009 photos here .
Photos : WENN
Who should be reading this document and why should the average Linux user care about security ?
Those new to Linux , or unfamiliar with the inherent security issues of connecting a Linux system to large networks like Internet should be reading .
" Security " is a broad subject with many facets , and is covered in much more depth in other documents , books , and on various sites on the Web .
This document is intended to be an introduction to the most basic concepts as they relate to Linux , and as a starting point only .
Iptables Weekly Log Summary from Jul 15 04:24:13 to Jul 22 04:06:00
Blocked Connection Attempts :
Rejected tcp packets by destination port
port count
111 19
53 12
21 9
515 9
27374 8
443 6
1080 2
1138 1
Rejected udp packets by destination port
port count
137 34
22 1
The above is real , live data from a one week period for my home LAN .
Much of the above would seem to be specifically targeted at Linux systems .
Many of the targeted " destination " ports are used by well known Linux and Unix services , and all may be installed , and possibly even running , on your system .
The focus here will be on threats that are shared by all Linux users , whether a dual boot home user , or large commercial site .
And we will take a few , relatively quick and easy steps that will make a typical home Desktop system or small office system running Linux reasonably safe from the majority of outside threats .
For those responsible for Linux systems in a larger or more complex environment , you'd be well advised to read this , and then follow up with additional reading suitable to your particular situation .
Actually , this is probably good advice for everybody .
We will assume the reader knows little about Linux , networking , TCP / IP , and the finer points of running a server Operating System like Linux .
We will also assume , for the sake of this document , that all local users are " trusted " users , and wo n't address physical or local network security issues in any detail .
Again , if this is not the case , further reading is strongly recommended .
The principles that will guide us in our quest are :
There is no magic bullet .
There is no one single thing we can do to make us secure .
It is not that simple .
Security is a process that requires maintenance , not an objective to be reached .
There is no 100 % safe program , package or distribution .
Just varying degrees of insecurity .
The steps we will be taking to get there are :
Step 1 : Turn off , and perhaps uninstall , any and all unnecessary services .
Step 2 : Make sure that any services that are installed are updated and patched to the current , safe version -- and then stay that way .
Every server application has potential exploits .
Some have just not been found yet .
Step 3 : Limit connections to us from outside sources by implementing a firewall and / or other restrictive policies .
The goal is to allow only the minimum traffic necessary for whatever our individual situation may be .
Awareness .
Know your system , and how to properly maintain and secure it .
New vulnerabilities are found , and exploited , all the time .
Today 's secure system may have tomorrow's as yet unfound weaknesses .
If you do n't have time to read everything , concentrate on Steps 1 , 2 , and 3 .
This is where the meat of the subject matter is .
The Appendix has a lot of supporting information , which may be helpful , but may not be necessary for all readers .
Plumer explains :
The story goes like this : Back in 1992 , Congress passed a law requiring all federal agencies to buy alternative - fuel vehicles for 75 percent of their light - duty fleet .
The catch was that , while the agencies had to buy the cars , they did n't actually have to use the alternative fuel .
So a lot of agencies ended up purchasing cars that could run on propane , compressed natural gas , or E85 ( an 85 percent ethanol , 15 percent gasoline blend ) , and them shipped them to areas that did n't actually have any alternative fueling stationsthe infrastructure just was n't in place .
Fewer than 0.1 percent of fueling stations in the United States even offer E85 .
That meant most flex - fuel cars were running on plain old gasoline , and , since these vehicles generally have larger - than - average engines , they actually end up using more oil and emitting more carbon dioxide .
The Postal Service used 1.5 million additional gallons of gas last year because only 1 percent of its 37,000 flex - fuel vans were actually running on ethanol .
By James Reynolds
BBC News , Beijing
Hu Jintao said the economic crisis would test the Communist Party
China 's President Hu Jintao has warned that the global financial crisis could weaken his country 's competitiveness .
Mr Hu gave his warning at a meeting of the Politburo and his words have been made public by the state media .
As growth slows , Mr Hu said that in the coming period China would starkly confront the effects of the international financial crisis .
And he warned that the economic situation was a test of the Communist Party 's ability to govern .
" External demand has obviously weakened and China 's traditional competitive advantage is being gradually weakened , " Mr Hu said , according to the official People 's Daily newspaper .
" Whether the pressures can be turned into a driving force and the challenges turned to opportunities ... is a test of our ability to control a complex situation , and also a test of our party 's governing ability , " he added .
Action
Recent figures show that the government has cause to be worried .
Growth has slowed to 9 % - and predictions say that it may drop to 7 % or 8 % next year .
These are dazzling figures for some economies , but there 's a widespread belief - even a superstition - in China that growth needs to stay above 7 % in order for social stability to be maintained .
China has already taken action .
This past week the central bank carried out the biggest cut in interest rates in more than a decade .
And earlier this month , the government announced a stimulus package of $ 586bn ( £ 380bn ) .
This is enough , the Communist Party will hope , to get this country through the next year or two .
Ali Fauzi headed to the prison island of Nusakambangan by boat about 5.30 am
Sydney time to oversee the religious rites on the bodies .
He sent a text message to relatives in Arabic saying : " They are with the Almighty . "
The bullets were removed from the bodies and autopsies performed before the bodies were cleaned and wrapped in traditional Muslim cloth in preparation for burial .
It is believed the bodies have been taken off the island to the airfield from where they will be transported to the family villages .
In a statement on behalf of the family of Mukhlas and Amrozi , elder brother Chozin said : " We hope the spirit of my brothers Amrozi and Ali Ghufron [ Mukhlas ] will be taken by green birds to paradise . "
A spokesman for Indonesia 's Attorney - General 's Office , Jasman Pandjaitan , said : " At 12.15 am , the convicts ... were executed by shooting and followed up with an autopsy . "
" They have been stated as dead .
At this moment the bodies are being washed by the family . "
The men's bodies are expected to be flown by helicopter today from the prison island to their home towns .
Amrozi and Mukhlas are from the small village Tenggulun in East Java .
Imam Samudra comes from Serang in West Java .
The bombers ' funerals are expected to be held within hours of their bodies arriving home .
Victims ' families A Sydney woman who lost two sisters and two cousins in the 2002 Bali bombings has tearfully told of her relief that the Islamic militants responsible are dead .
" We 're very happy ... we 've waited a very long time for this and this is our justice , " Maria Kotronakis told CNN , struggling at times to speak .
" Finally the moment has come ... we are over the moon . "
Georgia Lysaght , 27 , of Wollongong , who lost her older brother Scott Lysaght said her family never felt vengeful because nothing would ever bring back Scott .
" The fact that it has happened does n't bring Scott back .
It does n't change what 's happened , it does n't bring any sense of closure , " she said .
" It does n't make me feel that justice has been served .
The only just thing to do would to be able to see my brother again , and that is not going to happen . "
The Federal Government has issued an updated travel warning for Bali , warning of reprisal attacks following the executions .
The warning says school graduates , in particular , should exercise " heightened caution " if they are planning late year schoolies ' trips to the island .
Australian Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith said yesterday the Government was receiving new " credible evidence " of the threat of terrorist attacks .
Mr Smith said the travel advice to Indonesia had not changed from the second highest level : " Reconsider your need to travel . "
The presence of police has been stepped up across Indonesia amid threats of attacks in Bali and in Jakarta shopping malls .
Most terrorism analysts believe it 's unlikely there will be a major attack but agree there is a risk of mob violence and clashes involving hardline supporters of the trio .
The executions follow years of legal challenges to the death sentences , which were handed down in 2003 .
Right up until their final days , the killers showed no remorse and used the media to claim to be warriors of Islam and predict a wave of attacks against Westerners following their deaths .
Mukhlas was convicted of approving , inciting , financing and carrying out the bombings , while his younger brother Amrozi bought the van and a tonne of chemicals used in the explosion , and attended planning sessions for the attacks .
Samudra was the operational field commander for the bombings .
In the lead - up to the executions , survivors of the attacks and family members of those lost had mixed feelings about the trio being sentenced to death .
Some felt the bombers ' deaths would bring closure for still - grieving relatives , while others felt it would elevate the three to martyrdom .
David " Spike " Stewart , whose son Anthony died in the nightclub attacks , said earlier this year he would have been happy to pull the trigger of one of the firing squad rifles .
" I 'd check the rifle to make sure I was n't given the blank , " he said .
Leanne Woodgate , from Port Melbourne , who was badly burnt with her sister in Paddy 's Bar , said : " I 'll believe it when it actually happens .
I hope it 's soon ... it will help because they ruined my life . "
But Sydney man John Mavroudis , whose son David was one of six Coogee Dolphins players killed , said he " could n't care less " about the bombers .
" I do n't give a damn about them really ... we just try and get on with our lives . " - with AAP
The original , immortalized in .gif .
This one 's just a trifle morbid .
I 'd take a size 10 shoe over Saddam 's severed head any day .
And here 's one with a pie , and a more satisfying ending .
A decent effort with a beach ball Poké Ball , but nowhere near as good as ...
Dodgeball !
This one 's just weird and creepy and I do n't like it .
I 'm pretty sure this is a James Bond reference .
Mario Kart ...
Mortal Kombat ...
... and , um , a cat .
Update :
Here is an awesome submission from pupazzo uan !
Update : The World of Warcraft shoe gif is pure genius , even if you 're not that into WoW .
And a bonus - not animated , but well played , nonetheless .
Time Cube Clock – Wo n’t stay a cube for long
There seem to be days when certain items are prolific and today it seems to be clocks .
I ’ve seen about half a dozen different kinds of clocks / time devices today .
As clocks go , the Time Cube Clock is probably the coolest looking one I ’ve seen in awhile .
It starts out in a cube shape but as time ticks away , triangular layers will turn in time , giving the clock an ever changing geometric shapes .
It ’s a 12 hour AM / PM clock face and is powered by 1 AA battery .
It ’s not very difficult to read , the smaller triangle is the second hand , the middle is the minutes and the larger is the hours .
It ’s futuristic design will make a great addition to any room in the house and will most like strike up a little conversation .
It costs about $ 12 which is not a bad price at all .
12 Hour AM / PM time Cube [ via technabob ]
August 25 , 2008 Volume 86 , Number 34 pp. 27-28
Chemical Vessels Under Siege
Attacks on ships increase , raising concerns of chemical terrorism
LAST FALL , the Golden Nori , a Japanese chemical tanker carrying 40,000 tons of benzene and other potentially hazardous chemicals , was hijacked off the Somalian coast by pirates while en route to Israel from Singapore .
The captors held the 23 crew members under threat of death , while U.S. warships shadowed the hijacked vessel for six weeks .
Allegedly , an undisclosed ransom was paid by the ship 's Japanese owner , Dorval Kaiun , leading to the safe release of the ship , crew , and cargo .
U.S. Navy Rescue At Sea U.S.S. Whidbey Island , in the Gulf of Aden , provides assistance to the crew of the merchant vessel Golden Nori ( left ) after pirate attack in 2007 .
The incident involving the Golden Nori is just one of what appears to be a growing number of pirate attacks reported annually .
Currently , about one in 10 reports of piracy — the intent or capability to use force to further a criminal act on any ship at sea or at port — involves chemical tankers , according to the International Maritime Bureau ( IMB ) Piracy Reporting Center in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Last year , IMB received 263 reports of attempted or actual attacks on vessels worldwide .
Of these reports , 23 were on chemical tankers and 29 were on product tankers , which may carry bulk chemical loads that include oil .
These numbers do not include attacks on other vessels , such as cargo and container ships , that may be transporting chemicals and other potentially hazardous materials .
According to IMB , there were 36 and 53 attacks on these vessels , respectively .
The numbers of actual and attempted attacks reported to IMB , however , are rough estimates , according to Peter Chalk , author of a recent RAND Corp. report on piracy .
RAND is a U.S. - based nonprofit institution that specializes in research and analysis for public and private sectors .
" The figures actually underestimate the truth and extent of the problem because the ship owners are reluctant to report incidents against their vessels because of fears that it will increase maritime risk insurance premiums , " Chalk tells C&EN .
" So they tend to report only the most outrageous attacks against their vessels . "
Of the reports received by IMB over the years , a gamut of attack scenarios has been described , including ships being fired upon or boarded using grappling hooks and ropes .
In recent years , however , the reports reveal an increase in the sophistication and severity of attacks occurring worldwide .
Some attackers have used rocket - propelled grenades and semiautomatic weapons .
The first six months of the year have seen their share of attacks at sea .
IMB has received 144 reports of actual or attempted pirate attacks for the period , compared with 126 for the first half of 2007 .
Twenty - one of the 144 reports — or about 15 % — involved chemical and product tankers .
Of this year 's total incidents , 11 vessels have been fired upon , and 71 vessels have been boarded by intruders .
Perhaps of greatest concern is the violence toward the crew that accompanied these attacks .
IMB reports 12 hijackings in which pirates held 190 crew members hostage , 38 more hostages than for the same time period last year .
In those attacks seven crew members were killed and another seven are missing and presumed dead .
In comparison , only three crew members were killed during the same period last year , and none went missing .
Although sea crime appears to be increasing , RAND 's Chalk tells C&EN that pirates are not specifically targeting chemical cargo and that these maritime criminals probably have no idea what is aboard the ships they attack .
He adds that the pirates are more likely after goods that can be easily off - loaded and quickly sold .
Chemicals do not typically fit these criteria .
Furthermore , representatives from U.S. chemical and chemical shipping firms tell C&EN that despite the involvement of chemical - carrying ships , piracy is not a major concern for the industry .
Nor is it high on the list of things to worry about for members of the American Chemistry Council , according to Director of Communications Scott Jensen .
One reason U.S. companies may not be highly concerned may have to do with where the shipping attacks take place .
According to the IMB report , piracy is primarily a problem for vessels sailing off the east and west coasts of Central Africa and Southeast Asia .
Although pirates do not appear to be targeting chemical cargo and chemical companies are not being significantly affected by piracy , there is a developing concern in the post - 9/11 era that chemical cargo could be exploited by terrorists for political purposes .
The RAND report authored by Chalk examines the possible link between piracy and terrorism .
The report , " The Maritime Dimension of International Security : Terrorism , Piracy , and Challenges for the United States , " says that both piracy and terrorism are of concern but that they probably are not linked at sea .
The report does note that " maritime security is limited in scope and flawed despite recent upgrades . "
In the report Chalk concludes that there is currently no evidence supporting a connection between pirate attacks and terrorists .
EVEN SO , the boldness of the Golden Nori hijacking and the growing numbers and sophistication of attacks beckon for a response , Chalk says .
He suggests that policymakers are focusing too much on worst - case terrorist scenarios rather than crafting policies to combat lower consequence ??? but more probable ??? attacks on vessels .
The RAND report calls on U.S. policymakers to make some changes to improve the safety of commercial shipping .
First , the report recommends that post - 9/11 maritime security policies be expanded to increase U.S. coastal monitoring and interdiction capabilities around the world .
The report supports increased funding for IMB 's piracy reporting center so that thorough assessments of the threat can be made .
It also advocates the redefinition of existing multinational security mandates and defense arrangements .
Finally , the report encourages greater use of defense technologies within the commercial maritime industry by sponsoring cost - effective initiatives for securing vessels and freight .
For example , IMB suggests that shipping companies install a 9,000 - V electric fence around their ships ' decks to thwart boarders and use satellite tracking systems on vessels more routinely .
The United Nations is also paying attention to the issue of piracy .
In June , the UN Security Council took a step toward improving maritime security by passing a resolution allowing international intervention in Somalian waters where malicious attacks have been rampant .
In cooperation with the Somalian government , the resolution permits other enforcement agencies to enter Somalian territorial waters and use " all necessary means " to repress acts of piracy and armed robbery at sea , in a manner consistent with relevant provisions of international law .
IMB Trouble Spots International Maritime Bureau piracy map of actual ( red icon ) and attempted ( yellow icon ) attacks for the first six months of this year .
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
This is a namespace with classes and functions to generate permutations of numbers without repetition utilizing STL vectors and recursion .
While investigating how to create combinations ( see my previous article ) , I came up to an algorithm ( here ) created by Hugo Steinhaus ( January 1887 - February 1972 ) , a student of David Hilbert at Göttingen .
Background
This code is one of the several exercises I am doing in order to learn STL .
The algorithm is in fact so simple that I wonder why nobody thought about it before Mr. Hugo .
It goes like this :
The minimum set of numbers possible that allow to create a permutation is : 1,2 .
Given these two numbers , let 's create all the possible permutations with no repetition .
The result is :
1,2 2,1
Based on this simple matrix , we will increase its dimension so that the resulting matrix containing the permutations will be a matrix compound of repetitions of the previous matrix , with a ' weaved ' number index n , starting from the right ( last index ) and when the index becomes 0 , go to the next row and start again .
To see the case n = 3 , the idea is to ( a ) write down each row n = 3 times each as follows :
1 2 1 2 1 2 2 1 2 1 2 1
... then we " weave " in a 3 as follows :
1 2 3 1 3 2 3 1 2 2 1 3 2 3 1 3 2 1
These resulting numbers can be used as indexes for the input numbers you might have .
Using the Code
I created a templatized class called Vector that holds two vectors as member variables :
one vector to store the resulting rows of numbers , and
another vector to store the resulting vectors ( vector of vectors )
The process consists of three steps :
Set size row number size Initiate the process by creating our first matrix of 2 x 2
Weave the necessary numbers in our already created rows .
These three steps are mapped 1 to 1 in the class ' member functions :
void SetMax ( const unsigned int Max ) ;
void InitProcess ( ) ;
void Iterate ( unsigned int iteration ) ;
The interesting part is in the function Iterate .
Here is where we implement the Steinhaus algorithm :
void Iterate ( unsigned int iteration ) { VecVec localVec ; for ( typename VecVec::iterator it = eelems.begin( ) ; it!= eelems.end ( ) ; it ++) { ( * it ) .push_back ( iteration ) ; size_t size = ( * it ) .size ( ) ; for ( unsigned int x = 0 ; x < iteration ; x++ ) { localVec.push_back ( * it ) ; if ( size - 1 < 1 ) break ; swap ( ( * it ) [ size - 2 ] , ( * it ) [ size - 1 ] ) ; -- size ; } } eelems = localVec ; if ( iteration < max ) Iterate ( ++iteration ) ; else return ; }
At the end of the process , we use the static templatized function Burp to send the results to STDOUT the resulting vector of vectors , utilizing an algorithm :
template < typename T > void Burp ( ostream& os , vector < vector < T> >& vec ) { os << " Our vector of vectors " << endl ; for ( typename vector < vector < T > >::iterator it = vec.begin( ) ; it != vec.end ( ) ; it ++) { copy ( ( * it ) .begin ( ) , ( * it ) .end ( ) , ostream_iterator < unsigned int >( os , " " ) ) ; os << endl ; } os << " / Our vector of vectors " << endl ; }
Points of Interest
The usage of vectors was interesting for me .
I could have used some other type of array , like for example , an array of int s , but the fact that we can templatize the vector , the functions to access and modify the data it contains , and the fact that it is just as fast as using an array , made it very appealing for me .
I have included a Microsoft VS 2005 project that also contains ( within the comments ) the command line to compile it using g++ on Cygwin .
Conclusion
I compiled on Microsoft VS 2005 and executed the resulting program on a DOS window and on an XTERM on Cygwin .
The same program executed faster on the Cygwin window !
I compiled the program using g++ , and the program runs even faster .
I had some problems with the Microsoft Compiler ( no surprises here ) that made me waste time ; however , a reasonable approach for every programmer would be to compile his / her code in more than one compiler , some errors and warnings are not displayed in some compilers .
History
Watch various contemporaries , from shining CS greats to obscure Usenet personae , alive and dead , strike the evil in programming languages , operating systems , user interfaces , computing in general , opinions held about these matters , and elsewhere .
[ Authors or copyright holders who want their piece of intellectual property removed from here may please contact the webmaster . ]
The basis of computer languages ' merit lies in their mathematical properties .
It is this metric , that we should use as a guide for direction .
As an analogy , we measure the quality of a hammer by scientific principles : ergonomics , material ( weight , hardness .
. . ) , construction , statistical analysis of accidents / productivity /… … etc. , not by vogue or lore .
If we go by feelings and preferences , hammer 's future will deviate and perhaps become dildos or maces .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , July 2000
*
Since then we have witnessed the proliferation of baroque , ill - defined and , therefore , unstable software systems .
Instead of working with a formal tool , which their task requires , many programmers now live in a limbo of folklore , in a vague and slippery world , in which they are never quite sure what the system will do to their programs .
Under such regretful circumstances the whole notion of a correct program — let alone a program that has been proved correct — becomes void .
What the proliferation of such systems has done to the morale of the computing community is more than I can describe . .
It will certainly leave all those dissatisfied who identify the difficulty of programming with the difficulty of cunning exploitation of the elaborate and baroque tools known as “ higher level programming languages ” or — worse ! — “ programming systems ” .
When they feel cheated because I just ignore all those bells and whistles , I can only answer : “ Are you quite sure that all those bells and whistles , all those wonderful facilities of your so - called `powerful ' programming languages belong to the solution set rather than to the problem set ? ” .
There exist , regretfully enough , machines in which the continuous check that the simulation of the behaviour of the UM ( Unbounded Machine ) is not beyond their capacity is so time - consuming , that this check is suppressed for the supposed sake of efficiency : whenever the capacity would be exceeded by a correct execution , they just continue — for the supposed sake of convenience — incorrectly .
It is very difficult to use such a machine as a reliable tool , for the justification of our belief in the correctness of our answers produced requires in addition to the proof of the program 's correctness a proof that the computation is not beyond the capacity of the machine , and , compared to the first one , this second proof is a rather formidable obligation .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : A discipline of programming .
Prentice Hall , Englewood Cliffs NJ , 1976 .
*
I absolutely fail to see how we can keep our growing programs firmly within our intellectual grip when by its sheer baroqueness the programming language –our basic tool , mind you ! – already escapes our intellectual control . .
We all know that the only mental tool by means of which a very finite piece of reasoning can cover a myriad cases is called “ abstraction ” ; as a result the effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer .
In this connection it might be worth - while to point out that the purpose of abstracting is not to be vague , but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise . .
The analysis of the influence that programming languages have on the thinking habits of its users , and the recognition that , by now , brainpower is by far our scarcest resource , they together give us a new collection of yardsticks for comparing the relative merits of various programming languages .
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull ; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility , and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague . .
Another lesson we should have learned from the recent past is that the development of “ richer ” or “ more powerful ” programming languages was a mistake in the sense that these baroque monstrosities , these conglomerates of idiosyncrasies , are really unmanageable , both mechanically and mentally .
I see a great future for very systematic and very modest programming languages . (...)
Finally , in one respect one hopes that tomorrow 's programming languages will differ greatly from what we are used to now : to a much greater extent than hitherto they should invite us to reflect in the structure of what we write down all abstractions needed to cope conceptually with the complexity of what we are designing .
.
LISP has jokingly been described as “ the most intelligent way to misuse a computer ” .
I think that description a great compliment because it transmits the full flavour of liberation : it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts . .
I remember from a symposium on higher level programming language a lecture given in defense of PL / 1 by a man who described himself as one of its devoted users .
But within a one - hour lecture in praise of PL / 1 he managed to ask for the addition of about fifty new “ features ” , little supposing that the main source of his problems could very well be that it contained already far too many “ features ” .
The speaker displayed all the depressing symptoms of addiction , reduced as he was to the state of mental stagnation in which he could only ask for more , more , more ...
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
Programming languages should be designed not by piling feature on top of feature , but by removing the weaknesses and restrictions that make the additional features appear necessary .
R5RS
*
La machine elle - même , plus elle se perfectionne , plus elle s'efface derrière son rôle .
Il semble que tout l'effort industriel de l'homme , tous ses calculs , toutes ses nuits de veille sur les épures , n'aboutissent , comme signes visibles , qu'à la seule simplicité , comme s'il fallait l'expérience de plusieurs générations pour dégager peu à peu la courbe d'une colonne , d'une carène , ou d'un fuselage d'avion , jusqu'à leur rendre la pureté élémentaire de la courbe d'un sein ou d'une épaule .
Il semble que le travail des ingénieurs , des dessinateurs , des calculateurs du bureau d'études ne soit ainsi en apparence , que de polir et d'effacer , d'alléger ce raccord , d'équilibrer cette aile , jusqu'à ce qu'on ne la remarque plus , jusqu'à ce qu'il n'y ait plus une aile accrochée à un fuselage , mais une forme parfaitement épanouie , enfin dégagée de sa gangue , une sorte d'ensemble spontané , mystérieusement lié , et de la même qualité que celle du poème .
Il semble que la perfection soit atteinte non quand il n'y a plus rien à ajouter , mais quand il n'y a plus rien à retrancher .
Au terme de son évolution , la machine se dissimule .
La perfection de l'invention confine ainsi à l'absence d'invention .
Et , de même que , dans l'instrument , toute mécanique apparente s'est peu à peu effacée , et qu'il nous est livré un objet aussi naturel qu'un galet poli par la mer , il est également admirable que , dans son usage même , la machine peu à peu se fasse oublier .
Antoine de Saint - Exupéry :
Terre des hommes › L'avion
*
I will contend that conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in system design .
It is better to have a system omit certain anomalous features and improvements , but to reflect one set of design ideas , than to have one that contains many good but independent and uncoordinated ideas . .
For a given level of function , however , that system is best in which one can specify things with the most simplicity and straightforwardness .
Simplicity is not enough .
Mooers 's TRAC language and Algol 68 achieve simplicity as measured by the number of distinct elementary concepts .
They are not , however , straightforward .
The expression of the things one wants to do often requires involuted and unexpected combinations of the basic facilities .
It is not enough to learn the elements and rules of combination ; one must also learn the idiomatic usage , a whole lore of how the elements are combined in practice .
Simplicity and straighforwardness proceed from conceptual integrity .
Every part must reflect the same philosophies and the same balancing of desiderata .
Every part must even use the same techniques in syntax and analogous notions in semantics .
Ease of use , then , dictates unity of design , conceptual integrity .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : The Mythical Man-Month .
Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995 ( anniversary ed. )
*
Simplicity of the language is not what matters , but simplicity of use .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , April 2003
*
For some reason , « committee product » is a bad thing in the eyes of many software people , who flock to the products of single - minded single minds , instead .
For some reason , following a single leader and adopting a uniform set of ideas and ideals from one person is preferable to adopting multifarious ideas and ideals from a group of people who cannot seem to agree on anything , but who actually agree on so much that the things they disagree about are important .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2004
*
Software development methodologies evolved under this regime [ figure it out , code it up , compile it , run it , throw it away ] along with a mythical belief in master planning .
Such beliefs were rooted in an elementary - school - level fiction that great masterpieces were planned , or arose as a by - product of physicists shovelling menial and rote coding tasks to their inferiors in the computing department .
Master planning feeds off the desire for order , a desire born of our fear of failure , our fear of death .
Richard P. Gabriel and Ron Goldman : Mob Software : The Erotic Life of Code
*
To me , development consists of two processes that feed each other .
First , you figure out what you want the computer to do .
Then , you instruct the computer to do it .
Trying to write those instructions inevitably changes what you want the computer to do and so it goes .
In this model , coding is n't the poor handmaiden of design or analysis .
Coding is where your fuzzy , comfortable ideas awaken in the harsh domain of reality .
It is where you learn what your computer can do .
If you stop coding , you stop learning .
We are n't always good at guessing where responsibilities should go .
Coding is where our design guesses are tested .
Being prepared to be flexible about making design changes during coding results in programs that get better and better over time .
Insisting that early design ideas be carried through is short sighted .
Kent Beck : Smalltalk Best Practice Patterns .
Prentice Hall , NJ 1997
*
Planning is a necessary evil .
It is a response to risk : the more dangerous an undertaking , the more important it is to plan ahead .
Powerful tools decrease risk , and so decrease the need for planning .
The design of your program can then benefit from what is probably the most useful source of information available : the experience of implementing it . .
The spirit of Lisp hacking can be expressed in two sentences .
Programming should be fun .
Programs should be beautiful .
Paul Graham : ANSI Common Lisp
*
If I may intrude a personal element here , one of the things which distinguishes imperative programming in C , Pascal , Fortran or whatever from declarative programming in Prolog , Scheme , ML or whatever for me is a big difference in feeling .
When I code in C , I feel I 'm on a knife - edge of “ state ” — I focus on statements and what they do .
I 'm worried about the behaviour of a machine .
But when I 'm writing Prolog , the predicates feel like geometric objects and the data flow between goals feels like lines of tension holding the goals together into an integrated whole , as if the program fragment I was working were a large Rubik 's cube that I could handle and move from one configuration to another without destroying it .
When I fix mistakes in a Prolog program , I look for flaws in the “ spatial ” configuration of the program ; a mistake feels like a snapped thread in a cobweb , and I feel regret for wounding the form .
When I 'm coding C , I worry about `register ' declarations and pointer arithmetic .
When I 'm coding Prolog , I worry about getting the interface of each predicate just right so that it means something and has the visible perfection of a new leaf .
Richard A. O'Keefe : The Craft of Prolog .
MIT Press , Cambridge MA , 1990
*
First , we want to establish the idea that a computer language is not just a way of getting a computer to perform operations but rather that it is a novel formal medium for expressing ideas about methodology .
Thus , programs must be written for people to read , and only incidentally for machines to execute .
Hal Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman with Julie Sussman prefacing SICP
*
*
A language that does n't affect the way you think about programming , is not worth knowing . .
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant . .
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process .
It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information . .
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon .
Alan J. Perlis : Epigrams in Programming
*
languages shape the way we think , or do n't .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2000
*
I often feel that the American programmer would profit more from learning , say , Latin than from learning yet another programming language .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
On the fact that the Atlantic Ocean has two sides ( EWD 611 )
*
Besides a mathematical inclination , an exceptionally good mastery of one 's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
How do we tell truths that might hurt ?
( EWD 498 )
*
Strachey 's first law of programming : Decide what you want to say before you worry about how you are going to say it .
Dana S. Scott : foreword to Joseph E. Stoy 's Denotational Semantics : The Scott - Strachey Approach to Programming Language Theory .
MIT Press , Cambridge MA , 1977
*
By trying to turn our explanations and theories into designs for working systems , we soon discover their poverty .
The computer , unlike academic colleagues , is not convinced by fine prose , impressive looking diagrams or jargon , or even mathematical equations .
If your theory does n't work then the behaviour of the system you have designed will soon reveal the need for improvement .
Often errors in your design will prevent it behaving at all .
Books do n't behave .
We have long needed a medium for expressing theories about behaving systems .
Now we have one , and a few years of programming explorations can resolve or clarify some issues which have survived centuries of disputation .
Aaron Sloman : The Computer Revolution in Philosophy
*
It 's the nature of programming languages to make most people satisfied with whatever they currently use .
Computer hardware changes so much faster than personal habits that programming practice is usually ten to twenty years behind the processor .
At places like MIT they were writing programs in high - level languages in the early 1960s , but many companies continued to write code in machine language well into the 1980s .
I bet a lot of people continued to write machine language until the processor , like a bartender eager to close up and go home , finally kicked them out by switching to a risc instruction set . .
Ordinarily technology changes fast .
But programming languages are different : programming languages are not just technology , but what programmers think in .
They 're half technology and half religion .
And so the median language , meaning whatever language the median programmer uses , moves as slow as an iceberg .
.
comparisons of programming languages either take the form of religious wars or undergraduate textbooks so determinedly neutral that they 're really works of anthropology .
People who value their peace , or want tenure , avoid the topic .
But the question is only half a religious one ; there is something there worth studying , especially if you want to design new languages .
Paul Graham : Beating the Averages
*
languages are ecologies .
Language features are not a priori good or bad .
Rather , language features are good or bad in context , based on how well they interact with other language features . .
What do I consider is most important for an abstract language to support efficiently ?
My time .
Time is the only true , non-renewable commodity .
I eschew languages like C because they often waste enormous amounts of my time trying to develop and debug programs , and justify it on the basis of micro- differences in speed that have just never ended up mattering to me .
I regard C as appropriate for use as an assembly language , but it does n't provide enough high - level services for me .
When I 'm old and grey and look back on my life , I want to have done a lot of interesting things , not just have done a few interesting things but “ boy were they fast ” . .
I want my ideas to lead my technology and my tools , not to have my technology and tools leading my ideas . .
I also view the process of programming as a series of “ times ” at which decisions can be made : “ coding time , ” “ parsing time ” ( Lisp calls this “ read time ” ) , “ macro expansion time , ” “ compilation time , ” “ load time , ” and “ execution time . ”
Lisp gives me a great deal more control for each piece of code as to when it runs , so that it can run at the appropriate time when the data it depends on is known .
Other languages , especially statically typed ones , often make me specify information too soon , before it is really known , which usually means “ making up ” answers instead of really knowing the answers .
Sometimes that makes programs run faster .
Sometimes it just makes them run wrong .
Kent Pitman – Answers on Lisp and Much More , Slashdot 2001
*
remember that language design and language implementation are different tasks .
When you are designing a new language feature first think like a user and then validate it as an implementor .
Allen Wirfs - Brock in squeak - dev mailing list , January 2003
*
Each and every level of " containership " in SGML has its own syntax , optimized for the task .
Each and every level has a different syntax for " the writing on the box " as opposed to " the contents of the box " .
This follows from a very simple , yet amazingly elusive principle in its design : Meta - data is conceptually incompatible with data .
This is in fact wrong .
Meta -data is only data viewed from a different angle , and vice versa .
SGML forces you to remain loyal to your chosen angle of view . .
My goal is to get rid of the idea that there is a distinction that can be made once and for all , and prematurely at that , that some information is meta - data and some information is data .
The core philosophical mistake in SGML is that you can specify these things before you know them .
SGML is great for after - the - fact description of structures you already know how to deal with perfectly .
It absolutely sucks for structures that are in any way yet to be defined .
This is because it is impossible to define what is considered meta-information and what is considered information before you actually have a full - blown software application that is hard to change your mind about .
SGML was supposedly designed to free data from the vagaries of software , but when it adopted the attribute - content dichotomy , it dove right into dependency on the software design process instead of the information design process . .
Just like Plato and Aristotle agreed that ideas and concepts were somehow " inherent " in the things we saw and not a property of the person who observed and organized them in his own mind , SGML embodies the false premise that structuring has some inherent qualities and processing that structure should reflect its inherent qualities .
The result is that the processing defines the structure .
If there is a mismatch between the two , the result is a very painful and elaborate processing , Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , August 2001
*
It 's like driving a tank : if you drift off the road , any telephone poles you might knock down are only proof positive of your mighty tank 's ability to get where you want to go , and the important psychological “ corrector ” that hindrances should have been is purposefully ignored because you are too powerful .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , June 1999
*
The computers are never large enough or fast enough .
Each breakthrough in hardware technology leads to more massive programming enterprises , new organizational principles , and an enrichment of abstract models .
Every reader should ask himself periodically “ Toward what end , toward what end ? ” — but do not ask it too often lest you pass up the fun of programming for the constipation of bittersweet philosophy .
Alan J. Perlis forewording SICP
*
1. I have done my share of semantics .
2. I am doing my share of systems building .
3 . And I really wish that I could say 1 and 2 are related .
Matthias Felleisen in types mailing - list , November 2002
the computer , by virtue of its fantastic speed , seems to be the first [ technology ] to provide us with an environment where highly hierarchical artefacts are both possible and necessary .
This challenge , viz .
the confrontation with the programming task , is so unique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves .
It should deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creation , it should give us better control over the task of organizing our thoughts .
If it did not do so , to my taste we should not deserve the computer at all !
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
Computing 's core challenge is how not to make a mess of it .
. prevention is better than cure , in particular if the illness is unmastered complexity , for which no cure exists . .
It is time to unmask the computing community as a Secret Society for the Creation and Preservation of Artificial Complexity .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The next forty years ( EWD 1051 )
*
in the practice of computing , where we have so much latitude for making a mess of it , mathematical elegance is not a dispensable luxury , but a matter of life and death .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : My Hopes of Computing Science ( EWD 709 )
*
*
Im Interesse der Deutlichkeit erschien es mir unvermeidlich , mich oft zu wiederholen , ohne auf die Eleganz der Darstellung die geringste Rücksicht zu nehmen ; ich hielt mich gewissenhaft an die Vorschrift des genialen Theoretikers L. Boltzmann , man solle die Eleganz Sache der Schneider und Schuster sein lassen .
Albert Einstein : Über die spezielle und die allgemeine Relativitätstheorie
*
Software quality has almost nothing to do with algorithmic elegance , compactness , or speed — in fact , those attributes do more harm to quality than good . .
The objective is to make things as clear as possible to the designer and to yourself , and excessive formality can destroy clarity just as easily as modest formality can enhance it . .
[ The Spec ]
Be literal in your interpretation and smile when the designer accuses you of semantic nit-picking . .
In programming , it 's often the buts in the specification that kill you . .
Do n't squeeze the code .
Do n't squeeze the code .
DON'T SQUEEZE THE CODE . .
Like so much in testing , the act of getting the information on which to base tests can be more effective at catching and exterminating bugs than the tests that result from that information .
Insisting on getting transaction flows or the equivalent is sometimes a gentle way of convincing inept design groups that they do n't know what they 're doing .
These are harsh words , but let 's face it : superb code and unit testing will be useless if the overall design is poor .
And how can there be a rational , effective design if no one on the design team can walk you through the more important transactions , step by step and alternative by alternative .
I 'm sure that mine is a biased sample , but every system I 've ever seen that was in serious trouble had no transaction flows documented , nor had the designers provided anything that approximated that kind of functional representation ; however , it 's certainly possible to have a bad design even with transaction flows .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
the designer may attempt to cover him or herself by specifying a more complicated , and more general solution to certain problems , secure in the knowledge that others will bear the burden of constructing these artifacts .
When such predictions about where complexity is needed are correct , they can indeed be a source of power and satisfaction .
This is part of their allure of Venustas .
However , sometime the anticipated contingencies never arise , and the designer and implementers wind up having wasted effort solving a problem that no one has ever actually had .
Other times , not only is the anticipated problem never encountered , its solution introduces complexity in a part of the system that turns out to need to evolve in another direction .
In such cases , speculative complexity can be an unnecessary obstacle to subsequent adaptation .
It is ironic that the impulse towards elegance can be an unintended source of complexity and clutter instead .
Brian Foote and Joseph Yoder : Big Ball of Mud
*
Paradox : by not considering the future of your code , you make your code much more likely to be adaptable in the future .
Kent Beck : Test - Driven Development .
Addison - Wesley , Boston 2002
*
Not getting lost in the complexities of our own making and preferably reaching that goal by learning how to avoid the introduction of those complexities in the first place , that is the key challenge computing science has to meat . .
Nowadays machines are so fast and stores are so huge that in a very true sense the computations we can evoke defy our imagination .
Machine capacities now give us room galore for making a mess of it .
Opportunities unlimited for fouling things up !
Developing the austere intellectual discipline of keeping things sufficiently simple is in this environment a formidable challenge , both technically and educationally . .
The sore truth is that complexity sells better .
( It is not only the computer industry that has discovered that . )
And it is even more diabolical in that we even use the complexity of our own constructs to impress ourselves . .
It is a genuine sacrifice to part from one 's ingenuities , no matter how contorted .
Also , many a programmer derives a major part of his professional excitement from not quite understanding what he is doing , from the daring risks he takes and from the struggle to find the bugs he should not have introduced in the first place .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
The complexity of software is an essential property , not an accidental one .
Hence descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : No Silver Bullet — Essence and Accident in Software Engineering .
In : The Mythical Man-Month ( anniversary ed. ) Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995
*
Let 's face it : the average programmer is a QWERTY programmer .
He is stuck with old notations , like FORTRAN and COBOL .
More importantly he has been thinking with two fingers , using the same mental tools that were used at the beginnings of computer science , in the 1940s and 1950s .
True , “ structured programming ” has helped , but even that , by itself , is not enough .
To put it simply , the mental tools available to programmers have been inadequate .
David Gries :
The science of programming .
Springer - Verlag , New York , 1981 .
*
The programmer should not ask how applicable the techniques of sound programming are , he should create a world in which they are applicable : it is his only way of delivering a high - quality design .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Answers to questions from students of Software Engineering ( EWD 1305 )
*
Being a better programmer means being able to design more effective and trustworthy programs and knowing how to do that efficiently .
It is about not wasting storage cells or machine cycles and about avoiding those complexities that increase the number of reasoning steps needed to keep the design under strict intellectual control .
What is needed to achieve this goal , I can only describe as improving one 's mathematical skills , where I use mathematics in the sense of “ the art and science of effective reasoning ” .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Why American Computing Science seems incurable ( EWD 1209 )
*
OO is like the Bible in that which scripture is to be interpreted metaphorically , and which is to be interpreted literally , is entirely a function of the religious agenda of the commentator .
My own advice is to keep in mind that the stuff of computer programs is nothing but metaphor .
Thant Tessman in comp.object , August 2003
*
The object - oriented model makes it easy to build up programs byaccretion .
What this often means , in practice , is that it provides a structured way to write spaghetti code .
This is not necessarily bad , but it is not entirely good either .
A lot of the code in the real worl is spaghetti code , and this is probably not going to change soon .
For programs that would have ended up as spaghetti anyway , the object - oriented model is good : they will at least be structured spaghetti .
But for programs that might otherwise have avoided this fate , object - oriented abstractions could be more dangerous than useful .
Paul Graham : ANSI Common Lisp
*
Bricks are just too limited , and the circumstances where they make sense are too constrained to serve as a model for building something as diverse and unpredictable as a city .
And further , the city itself is not the end goal , because the city must also –in the best case– be a humane structure for human activity , which requires a second set of levels of complexity and concerns .
Using this metaphor to talk about future computing systems , it 's fair to say that OO addresses concerns at the level of bricks . .
Despite the early clear understanding of the nature of software development by OO pioneers , the current caretakers of the ideas have reverted to the incumbent philosophy of perfect planning , grand design , and omniscience inherited from Babbage 's theology .
Richard P. Gabriel : Objects have failed .
OOPSLA 2002
C++ is like teenage sex :
It 's on everyone 's mind all the time .
Everyone talks about it all the time .
Everyone thinks everyone else is doing it .
Almost no one is really doing it .
The few who are doing it are doing it poorly ; sure it will be better next time ; not practicing it safely .
allegedly a toilet graffito at the Technion CS department in Haifa , Israel , 1993 - 11-08 [ ornate PS version ]
*
When your hammer is C++ , everything begins to look like a thumb .
Steve Haflich in alt.lang.design , December 1994
*
Being really good at C++ is like being really good at using rocks to sharpen sticks .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , December 1996
*
( Of course SML does have its weaknesses , but by comparison , a discussion of C++'s strengths and flaws always sounds like an argument about whether one should face north or east when one is sacrificing one 's goat to the rain god . )
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , April 1997
*
the effort that has gone into extending and ' refining ' C++ ( and to its creation in the first place ) must be largely attributed to the unwillingness of its advocates to give up the effort they 've already put into learning and using it ( and C before it ) .
Strangely , this is simultaneously despite and because of the fact that C++ is not one of the easier languages to learn .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.c++.moderated , July 2000
*
As for C++ – well , it reminds me of the Soviet - era labor joke : “ They pretend to pay us , and we pretend to work . ”
C++ pretends to provide an object - oriented data model , C++ programmers pretend to respect it , and everyone pretends that the code will work .
The actual data model of C++ is exactly that of C , a single two - dimensional array of bits , eight by four billion , and all the syntactic sugar of C++ fundamentally cannot mask the gaping holes in its object model left by the cast operator and unconstrained address arithmetic .
Guy L. Steele : Objects have not failed .
OOPSLA 2002
*
My projection is that all language features , particularly the most powerful and expressive , cleanest and most beautiful , will eventually find their expression in C++ in the most broken , horrid , ugly , bastardized , barely recognizable form conceivable .
Maybe I 'm alone in my hope that C++ would meet its bitter end sooner rather than later , but the worrying trend seems to be that smart and well - meaning people keep falling into its seductive traps and perpetuating its farcical existence .
Ben L. Titzer in Lambda the Ultimate , 2012-02-21
The C language ( invented by Bell Labs — the people who were supposed to be building products with five 9's of reliability – 99.999 % ) then taught two entire generations of programmers to ignore buffer overflows , and nearly every other exceptional condition , as well .
A famous paper in the Communications of the ACM found that nearly every Unix command ( all written in C ) could be made to fail ( sometimes in spectacular ways ) if given random characters ( “ line noise ” ) as input .
And this after Unix became the de facto standard for workstations and had been in extensive commercial use for at least 10 years .
The lauded “ Microsoft programming tests ” of the 1980's were designed to weed out anyone who was careful enough to check for buffer overflows , because they obviously did n't understand and appreciate the intricacies of the C language .
I 'm sorry to be politically incorrect , but for the ACM to then laud “ C ” and its inventors as a major advance in computer science has to rank right up there with Chamberlain 's appeasement of Hitler .
Henry Baker : “ Buffer Overflow ” security problems
*
Now I want to argue that worse - is - better is better .
C is a programming language designed for writing Unix , and it was designed using the New Jersey approach .
C is therefore a language for which it is easy to write a decent compiler , and it requires the programmer to write text that is easy for the compiler to interpret .
Some have called C a fancy assembly language .
Both early Unix and C compilers had simple structures , are easy to port , require few machine resources to run , and provide about 50 % – 80 % of what you want from an operating system and programming language .
Half the computers that exist at any point are worse than median ( smaller or slower ) .
Unix and C work fine on them .
The worse - is - better philosophy means that implementation simplicity has highest priority , which means Unix and C are easy to port on such machines .
Therefore , one expects that if the 50 % functionality Unix and C support is satisfactory , they will start to appear everywhere .
And they have , have n't they ?
Unix and C are the ultimate computer viruses .
Richard P. Gabriel : Lisp - Good News , Bad News , How to Win Big
*
The most irritating part of Unix IMHO is not the design of the kernel ( yeah , yeah it 's a monolithic spaghetti ball ) or the functionality of system calls ( yeah , yeah , no PCLSR ing ) or the unrecoverability of kernel panics , or whatever else is associated with the kernel and driver implementations .
What 's really irritating about the Unix design is all the institutionalized crufty software still floating around after thirty years of development , redesign , and redevelopment .
Unix hackers have long spent time hacking on the hardware support , improving process scheduling , memory management , and the like , but they still live with an interface that feels just like 2.9BSD on a PDP - 11/40 , with some frills .
It 's disgusting .
Everything from the init process on upwards is institutionalized , designed just like it was on the good old minicomputers .
( I 'm not degrading the Unix ( or UN * X as it were ) of that era , nor the machines it ran on , many of which I 'm enamored of and wish I could own .
I 'm criticizing the stubborness of an operating system that dates from that era and appears to be little changed from it . )
James A. Crippen in comp.lang.scheme , April 2000
*
Unix was not designed to support a serious artificial intelligence .
It was designed to be an “ operating system ” , on the assumption that an “ operating system ” need not try to be an artificial life form .
So Unix does n't have the capabilities of one .
It lacks a soul ; it lacks reproductive objects from which it can make bootable upgrades .
It fakes having orgasms , which works , but has to be slow .
Unix is ok for writing open systems , but when you push it beyond that , it becomes Solaris .
Stallard Richman :
Why you should not use Unix .
*
“ The wonderful thing about Unix standards is that there are so many to choose from . ”
You may be totally bewildered about the multitude of various standards that exist .
Rest assured that nowhere in this manual will you encounter an attempt to spell it all out for you ; you could not read and internalise such a twisted account without bleeding from the nose and ears .
Olin Shivers ( supplementing Andrew S. Tanenbaum ) : Scsh Reference Manual
*
Yes , dear ?
No , I was n't complaining ....
Yes , I understand unix is the waveofthefuture ....
Yes , unix is the equivalent of a programmer / sysadmin Full Employment Act ....
No , lusers will never understand unix , so I 'll always have a job if I learn it ....
Yes , unix is free ( and worth every cent ) ....
No , no two unix installations are alike , so there 's plenty of job security for everyone ....
No , nothing ever gets fixed in unix so there 's more job security ....
Joe Bednorz : Gawd I miss VMS in e.mail to Richard Levitte , March 1996
*
“ bash awk grep perl sed df du , du - du du - du , vi troff su fsck rm * halt LART LART LART ! ” — the Swedish BOFH SD 's signature , list.unix - haters in November 1998
*
Shell programming terrifies me .
There is something about writing a simple shell script that is just much , much more unpleasant than writing a simple C program , or a simple COMMON LISP program , or a simple Mips assembler program .
Is it trying to remember what the rules are for all the different quotes ?
Is it having to look up the multi- phased interaction between filename expansion , shell variables , quotation , backslashes and alias expansion ?
Maybe it 's having to subsequently look up which of the twenty or thirty flags I need for my grep , sed , and awk invocations .
Maybe it just gets on my nerves that I have to run two complete programs simply to count the number of files in a directory ( ls | wc - l ) , which seems like several orders of magnitude more cycles than was really needed .
Whatever it is , it 's an object lesson in angst .
Olin Shivers : A Scheme Shell
*
If the designers of X - Windows built cars , there would be no fewer than five steering wheels hidden about the cockpit , none of which followed the same principles — but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo .
Useful feature , that .
Marcus J. Ranum : motto chosen by Don Hopkins
*
It 's criminally negligent to ship a product that is incapable of keeping the input focus up to date with the cursor position , when you have the technology to do so .
Your xtrek has paged the window manager out of core , and the console beeps and you suddenly need to move the cursor into the terminal emulator and type the command to keep the reactor from melting down , but the input focus stays in the xtrek for three seconds while the window manager pages in , but you keep on typing , and the keys slip right through to xtrek , and you accidentally fire off your last photon torpedoe and beam twelve red shirt engineers into deep space !
Don Hopkins : Window Manager Flames
Perl 's gluing ability goes beyond computation , to people .
To the poor and have - nots .
It unites people in the computing field who are not endowed with fancy engaging brains .
It is the sanctuary of dunces .
The expressions of those thoughtless .
The godsend for brainless coders .
The means and banner of sys admins .
The lingua franca of trial - and - error hackers .
The song and dance of stultified engineers .
I 'm also a Perler .
Share a secret with me :
When you are cornered by mathematicians or the like , who are about to speak lamba or something we do n't understand , what do you do ?
Of course , flip out the little Swiss Army Knives in our pockets , and splutter # % $@ syntaxes that is equally abstruse , and we feel safe and secure .
Fuck geniuses in this world .
Leave Perlers along .
Larry Wall for President .
The three principal virtues of . . .
I think comrade glauber is incorrect .
First of all , he got our mantra wrong .
It is :
The three characteristics of Perl programers : mundaneness , sloppiness , and fatuousness .
Secondly , our language is not evolved to support no fucking real life no shit .
Our language , is designed to be a fuckup from the very beginning .
Designed , to fuck up those computer scientists .
Fuck up their teachings .
Fuck up their students .
Fuck up their language .
Fuck up their correctness .
Fuck up their fucking theoretical theories .
Remember , P is for Practical .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , December 2000
*
Perl did some things well :
It transcended implementation differences by staring them in the eye and fighting it out , not by giving up , whining that something is n't standard and portable , etc .
It gave the bad standards and their nonsensical implementation differences the finger and wrote its own standard .
For the kinds of tasks
Perl does well , it is downright impressively portable .
You need the ever expanding Perl book , but not the tens or hundreds of shelf - feet of manuals that you used to have to deal with .
Perl has created its own operating system interface precisely by being an incredibly ugly implementation , and I 'll give Larry Wall this , but not much else :
He did fully understand the value of uniform external behavior of a tool and he was willing to pay the price to get it .
There is no excuse for the language he created in order to do this , however .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , November 2000
*
the perl programmer who veers off the road into the forest will get out of his car and cut down each and every tree that blocks his progress , then drive a few meters and repeat the whole process .
whether he gets where he wanted to go or not is immaterial — a perl programmer will happily keep moving forward and look busy .
. it's not that perl programmers are idiots , it 's that the language rewards idiotic behavior in a way that no other language or tool has ever done , Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , March 2000
*
What really pisses me off with Perl is that people work so hard doing so terribly little while they think they have worked very little doing something really nifty .
Fools !
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 2000
Software Engineering is Programming when you can 't . .
We must give industry not what it wants , but what it needs .
Edsger W. Dijkstra quoted in the program ( 10 M .pdf ) of his birthday symposium , Austin TX , 2000
*
Another series of [ philosopher 's ] stones in the form of “ programming tools ” is produced under the banner of “ software engineering ” , which , as time went by , has sought to replace intellectual discipline by management discipline to the extent that it has now accepted as its charter “ How to program if you cannot ” .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
In the mean time , software engineering has become an almost empty term , as was nicely demonstrated by Data General who overnight promoted all its programmers to the exalted rank of “ software engineer ” !
But for the managing community it was a godsend which now covers a brew of management , budgeting , sales , advertising and other forms of applied psychology .
Ours is the task to remember ( and to remind ) that in what is now called “ software engineer ” , not a single sound egineering principle is involved .
( On the contrary , its spokesmen take the trouble of arguing the irrelevance of the engineering principles known . )
Software Engineering as it is today is just humbug ; from an academic – i.e. scientific and educational– point of view it is a sham , a fraud .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
There is still a war going on ( EWD 1165 )
*
The required techniques of effective reasoning are pretty formal , but as long as programming is done by people that do n't master them , the software crisis will remain with us and will be considered an incurable disease .
And you know what diseases do : they invite the quacks and charlatans in , who in this case take the form of Software Engineering Gurus . .
In the software business there are many enterprises for which it is not clear that science can help them ; that science should try is not clear either .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Answers to questions from students of Software Engineering ( EWD 1305 )
*
In a cruel twist of history , however , American society has chosen precisely the 20th Century to become more and more a -mathematical (... ) , and we have reached the paradoxical state that , of all so - called developed nations , the USA is the most dependent on programmed computers and intellectually the worst equipped to be so .
The suggestion that the programming problem could be amenable to mathematical treatment is , if heard at all , instantaneously rejected as being totally unrealistic .
As a result , Program Design is prevented from becoming a subdiscipline of Computing Science . (...)
And in the mean time , programming methodology –renamed “ software engineering ” – has become the happy hunting - ground for the gurus and the quacks .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : Why American Computing Science seems incurable ( EWD 1209 )
*
The problems of business administration in general and data base management in particular are much too difficult for people that think in IBMerese , compounded with sloppy English .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
How do we tell truths that might hurt ?
( EWD 498 )
*
With the caveat that there 's no reason anybody should care about the opinions of a computer scientist / mathematician like me regarding software development , let me just say that almost everything I 've ever heard associated with the term “ extreme programming ” sounds like exactly the wrong way to go … with one exception .
The exception is the idea of working in teams and reading each other 's code .
That idea is crucial , and it might even mask out all the terrible aspects of extreme programming that alarm me .
I also must confess to a strong bias against the fashion for reusable code .
To me , “ re-editable code ” is much , much better than an untouchable black box or toolkit .
I could go on and on about this .
If you 're totally convinced that reusable code is wonderful , I probably wo n't be able to sway you anyway , but you 'll never convince me that reusable code is n't mostly a menace .
Donald E. Knuth interviewed by Andrew Binstock ; 2008-04-25
*
Robert and I both knew Lisp well , and we could n't see any reason not to trust our instincts and go with Lisp .
We knew that everyone else was writing their software in C++ or Perl .
But we also knew that that did n't mean anything .
If you chose technology that way , you 'd be running Windows . .
During the years we worked on Viaweb I read a lot of job descriptions .
A new competitor seemed to emerge out of the woodwork every month or so .
The first thing I would do , after checking to see if they had a live online demo , was look at their job listings .
After a couple years of this I could tell which companies to worry about and which not to .
The more of an IT flavor the job descriptions had , the less dangerous the company was .
The safest kind were the ones that wanted Oracle experience .
You never had to worry about those .
You were also safe if they said they wanted C++ or Java developers .
If they wanted Perl or Python programmers , that would be a bit frightening — that 's starting to sound like a company where the technical side , at least , is run by real hackers .
If I had ever seen a job posting looking for Lisp hackers , I would have been really worried .
Paul Graham : Beating the Averages
*
While we were doing Viaweb , we took a good deal of heat from pseudo - technical people like VC s and industry analysts for not using a database — and for using cheap Intel boxes as servers , running FreeBSD .
But when we were getting bought by Yahoo , we found that they also just stored everything in files — and all their servers were also cheap Intel boxes running FreeBSD .
( During the Bubble , Oracle used to run ads saying that Yahoo used Oracle software .
I found this hard to believe , so I asked around .
It turned out the Yahoo accounting department used Oracle . )
Paul Graham on database - backed web applications
*
A company that made programmers wear suits would have something deeply wrong with it .
Paul Graham : What the Bubble Got Right
*
Technology is part of the answer , not part of the question .
Do n't make choices only to then try to figure out how to twist the problem in such a way so as to fit your choice .
This will often result in your solution being more convoluted than my previous sentence .
Curtis Poe : Finding Technology Solutions , Perl Monks 2001-07-23
*
Those who use databases usually do so because they master no data structures of their own . .
A few years from now , programming will have been revolutionized and lots and lots of work will be done by software that writes itself .
This will require massive talent and intelligence and thinking outside the box and what have you , but for the time being , programming is a “ consumer ” job , “ assembly line ” coding is the norm , and what little exciting stuff is being performed is not going to make it compared to the mass - marketed crap sold by those who think they can surf on the previous half - century 's worth of inventions forever .
This will change , however , and those who know Common Lisp will be relieved of reinventing it , like the rest are doing , even in the “ tools ” world , badly .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , June 2001
*
< soapbox >
I 'm wary of managers who want to “ comprehend easily ” any arbitrarily complicated topic .
take operating systems .
managers choose Microsoft because everybody else does .
take programming languages .
managers choose C++ because everybody else does .
take design methodologies .
managers choose object - orientation because everybody else does .
thusly chosen , they will lead to disaster and managers will learn that they have made a mistake and go on to choose another mistake exactly the same way .
if they succeed , it 's pure accident , and never to their credit , except for hiring technically sound people who are willing to work for people who will take the credit for their work .
this is the software crisis , if you ask me .
</ soapbox > Erik Naggum in comp.text.sgml , December 1994
*
there is no aspect of database management that is not characterized by lack of foundation knowledge and riddled with confusion (...)
As long as the industry neither requires , nor rewards knowledge of fundamentals , why should we expect anything else ?
Fabian Pascal Responds , On Denormalization and Repeating Groups
*
[ on the enterprise service bus ( ESB ) ]
ESB - oriented architecture is inherently flawed in that it builds connectivity no one might ever want to use .
The business does not derive additional value until systems connect to each other and are working together .
Until then , the ESB is just cost with no benefit .
It might make the IT department feel good because they 've built something , but it wo n't make the business feel any better , because the business is n't accomplishing anything it could n't have already accomplished without the ESB .
The ESB becomes the equivalent of a human appendix for the IT department , a vestigial organ within the topology of deployed applications .
ESB - oriented architecture :
The wrong approach to adopting SOA ,
by Bobby Woolf
*
there 's nothing wrong with XML and web services you could n't fix by removing the XML and web services parts .
Re : Simplifying Email With Web Services , by sammybaby
@ The Daily WTF in 2006-03-08
People assume that computer technology moves forward at a rapid clip , yet no eyebrows were raised when Apple said that its big step forward was going to be licensing the NeXT OS .
This is Steve Jobs 's late 1980s facelift of Carnegie - Mellon University 's early 1980s rewrite ( Mach ) of Bell Lab 's early 1970s Unix operating system .
Maybe it is better than Windows NT but , if so , that only makes it a more damning condemnation of the software industry .
Shortly before Apple acquired NeXT , I 'd had a foot operation .
I disclosed in the pre-op interview that I 'd been taking aspirin .
The hospital wanted to make sure that my blood would clot adequately so they brought in a phlebotomist who applied what looked like a self - inking rubber stamp to my forearm .
Blood soon began to flow .
I 'd been a regular blood donor and had never fainted or thrown up , but somehow the sight of my blood just oozing out onto my arm was more sickening than collecting in a bag .
I managed to control my nausea for the first five minutes but then the phlebotomist got bored and asked me what I did for a living .
“ Oh , you 're in computers ?
Do you know that really smart guy ? ”
I thought for a moment .
“ Do you mean Bill Gates ? ”
“ Yes , that 's the one .
What did he invent ? ” Philip Greenspun : Envisioning a Site That Wo n't Be Featured
In suck.com
*
there is only one solution : do not use Microsoft products .
do not expose yourself to anything they do .
the day will come when it is much more important in presidential campaigns and to carreers in general that you have not used Microsoft than that you have not taken certain drugs .
the day will come when we figure out which planet Bill Gates was thrown out of and then we can go blow it up .
in the meantime , resistance is not futile .
only the weak of mind will be assimilated , and they are no loss , anyway .
“ Microsoft hired his head .
It 's in a jar in Redmond . ” — Dilbert Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 1998
*
if you believe Microsoft 's propaganda and you wind up ripped off and naked , do you become an emperor ?
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , December 1998
*
The best approach is to get a suitable hand - gun and use your Microsoft and C++ books for target practice .
That gives you control , again .
Then start anew with a real language and tools intended for people to use , not whatever semi-evolved simian the commercials work on .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , October 2000
Robbery is not just another way of making a living , rape is not just another way of satisfying basic human needs , torture is not just another way of interrogation .
And XML is not just another way of writing S - exps .
There are some things in life that you do not do if you want to be a moral being and feel proud of what you have accomplished . .
If GML was an infant , SGML is the bright youngster far exceeds expectations and made its parents too proud , but XML is the drug - addicted gang member who had committed his first murder before he had sex , which was rape . .
The question of what we humans need to read and write no longer has any bearing on what the computers need to work with .
One of the most heinous crimes against computing machinery is therefore to force them to parse XML when all they want is the binary data .
As an example , think of the Internet Protocol and Transmission Control Protocol in XML terms .
Implementors of SNMP regularly complained that parsing the ASN.1 encodings took a disproportionate amount of processing time , but they also acknowledged that properly done , it mapped directly to the values they needed to exchange .
Now , think of what would have happened had it not been a Simple , but instead some moronic excuse for an eXtensible Network Management Protocol .
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , December 2002
*
VMS is like a Soviet railroad train .
It 's basically industrial - strength , but when you look at it closely , everything 's a little more shabby than you might like .
It gets the job done , but there 's no grace to it .
The Mac operating system is like the monorail at Disney World .
It 's kind of spectacular and fun , but it does n't go much of anywhere .
Still , the kids like it .
Unix is like the maritime transit system in an impoverished country .
The ferryboats are dangerous as hell , offer no protection from the weather and leak like sieves .
Every monsoon season a couple of them capsize and drown all the passengers , but people still line up for them and crowd aboard .
MS - DOS is like the US rail system .
It 's there , but people just ignore it and find other ways of getting where they want to go .
Posted by Paul A. Vixie to rec.humor in March 1991
*
UNIX : you think it wo n't work , but if you find the right wizard , you can make it work .
Macintosh : you think it will work , but it wo n't .
PC / Windows : you think it wo n't work and it wo n't .
Philip Greenspun 's personal viewpoint
*
Greenspun 's Tenth Rule of Programming : “ Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc , informally - specified bug - ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp . ” Philip Greenspun — but where ?
*
You 're posting to a Scheme group .
Around here , arguing that Java is better than C++ is like arguing that grasshoppers taste better than tree bark .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , June 2000
*
Also , Scheme is more fun to program in because Scheme tends to let you ' feel ' your way to a working program , whereas SML forces you to think your way there .
But we have to remember that they 're both so far beyond C++ that it 's silly to argue about them .
Thant Tessman in comp.lang.scheme , July 1998
*
The ML camp is too much into the “ we 'll dictate the semantic framework ” mindset , and the Scheme camp is too much into the “ We wo n't dictate anything at all — heck we wo n't even provide anything — you 're on your own ” mindset .
Paul R. Wilson in comp.lang.scheme , July 1998
*
I always tell my students that Scheme is my second favorite programming language .
After they recover from this statement , they naturally always ask what my favorite language is , to which I respond with “ I am still working on it . ”
That is , really experienced programmers always try to improve on their major mode of thought .
Matthias Felleisen in comp.lang.scheme , October 2003
*
Sun 's efforts with Java showed how amateurish and underfinanced every previous effort to establish a ( more or less ) general - purpose language had been .
The U.S. Department of Defense 's efforts to establish Ada as a dominant language was a sharp contrast , as were the unfinanced efforts by me and my friends to establish C++.
I can't say that I approve of some of the Java tactics , such as selling top - down to nonprogramming executives , but it shows what can be done .
Bjarne Stroustrup : C++ [ .pdf 506 KB ] ; chapter in Biancuzzi / Warden : Masterminds of Programming .
Conversations with the Creators …
The clearest moral of the above is never to introduce terms ( like “ disposable ” ) on the basis of “ you know I mean , do n't you ? ” .
To hell with the “ meaningful identifiers ” !
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
To hell with “ meaningful identifiers ” !
( EWD 1044 )
*
[ On the recommendation to “ initialize every variable as soon as it comes into scope ” ]
This is one of the totally mindless rules which in practice leads to bad code .
I am sick of seeing C code which initialises variables to values that never get used ; that is lying to the reader , and lying to the reader is never good idea .
Variables should only ever be initialised when you have a value that you intend to use that you can initialise them with .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , September 2003
*
If someone did n't understand their code and its likely uses well enough to write brief useful comments , why should I imagine that they understood it well enough to write code that works ? .
It 's a really dreadful name !
Compatibility is the only excuse I 'd accept for putting up with such a misleading and unhelpful name .
But it 's a good reason , within reason .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , June 2003
*
*
Realistically , the practice of putting untested code into systems is common , and so are system failures .
The excuse I 've most often heard for putting in untested code is that there was n't enough time or money left to do the testing .
If there was n't enough time and money to test the routine , then there was n't enough time and money to create it in the first place .
What you think is code , before it has been properly tested , is not code , but the mere promise of code — not a program , but a perverse parody of a program .
If you put such junk into a system , its bugs will show , and because there has n't been a rigorous unit test , you 'll have a difficult time finding the bugs .
As Hannah Cowley said , “ Vanity , like murder , will out . ”
For it 's vanity to think that untested code has no bugs , and murder to put such code in .
It is better to leave out untested code altogether than to put it in .
Code that does n't exist can't corrupt good code .
A function that has n't been implemented is known not to work .
An untested function may or may not work itself ( probably not ) , but it can make other things fail that would otherwise work .
In case I have n't made myself clear , leaving untested code in a system is stupid , shortsighted , and irresponsible . .
GIGO ( “ Garbage - in equals garbage - out ” ) is no explanation for anything except our failure to test the system 's tolerance for bad data .
Garbage should n't get in — not in the first place or in the last place .
Every system must contend with a bewildering array of internal and external garbage , and if you do n't think the world is hostile , how do you plan to cope with alpha particles ? .
But to be really diabolical takes organization , structure , discipline , and method .
Taking random potshots and waiting for inspiration with which to victimize the programmer wo n't do the job .
Syntax testing is a primary tool of dirty testing , and method beats sadism every time . .
A good threat is worth a thousand tests .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
Tests are the Programmer 's Stone , transmuting fear into boredom .
Kent Beck : Test - Driven Development .
Addison - Wesley , Boston 2002
*
Finally , the idioms of a language are useful as a sociological exercise ( “ How do the natives of this linguistic terrain cook up a Web script ? ” ) , but it 's dangerous to glean too much from them .
Idioms are fundamentally human , therefore bearing all the perils of faulty , incomplete and sometimes even outlandish human understanding .
Shriram Krishnamurthi : Programming Languages : Application and Interpretation
*
If you 're focused on making it look “ lispy ” , IMO , you 're off track .
The real lisp programs I have any respect for look like their “ application domain ” , not like other programs in the language — unless those programs happen to be about the same domain .
Kent Pitman in comp.lang.lisp , December 2001
*
disturb lisp as little as possible .
In spirit , a program ought to be as much as possible like a modification of the language , rather than a separate application written in it .
Making programs harmonize with Lisp makes them more robust , like a machine whose parts fit together well .
It also saves effort , sometimes you can make Lisp do a surprising amount of work for you .
Paul Graham : On Lisp
[ Q : who 's doing the better job – academia or industry ?
A : ] Depends on what you want .
If you want a great deal of hot air , some papers nobody will read , and software that 's theoretically interesting but impractical , produced at moderate expense before being abandoned , academia is the place to be .
On the other hand , if you want a poorly designed piece of junk that solves a trivial problem badly ( if it works at all ) , produced very slowly at breathtakingly great expense , go for industry .
As a third option , if you need software that solves a difficult problem well , but with a bafflingly arcane interface and no documentation , produced at minimal expense , try open - source software .
It 's not a matter of better or worse , really ; each approach has its own uniquely valuable way of failing .
Casey McCann in λ the ultimate , June 2010
*
I hope very much that computing science at large will become more mature , as I am annoyed by two phenomena that both strike me as symptoms of immaturity .
The one is the widespread sensitivity to fads and fashions , and the wholesale adoption of buzzwords and even buzznotions .
Write a paper promising salvation , make it a “ structured ” something or a “ virtual ” something , or “ abstract ” , “ distributed ” or “ higher - order ” or “ applicative ” and you can almost be certain of having started a new cult .
The other one is the sensitivity to the market place , the unchallenged assumption that industrial products , just because they are there , become by their mere existence a topic worthy of scientific attention , no matter how grave the mistakes the embody .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : My Hopes of Computing Science ( EWD 709 )
*
I pray daily that more of my fellow - programmers may find the means of freeing themselves from the curse of compatibility .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The humble programmer ( Turing award lecture , EWD 340 )
*
( Personally , I think the world could benefit from an International League for the Derision of User - Friendliness . )
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The threats to computer science ( EWD 898 )
*
A computer “ user ” is n't a real person of flesh and blood , with passions and brains .
No , he is a mythical figure , and not a very pleasant one either .
A kind of mongrel with money but without taste , an ugly caricature that is very uninspiring to work for .
He is , as a matter of fact , such an uninspiring idiot that his stupidity alone is sufficient explanation for the ugliness of most computer systems .
And oh !
Is he uneducated !
That is perhaps his most depressing characteristic .
He is equally education - resistant as another equally mythical bore , the “ average programmer ” , whose solid stupidity is the greatest barrier to progress in programming .
It is a sad thought that large sections of computing science are effectively paralyzed by the narrow - mindedness and other grotesque limitations with which a poor literature has endowed these influential mythical figures .
Edsger W. Dijkstra : On Webster , Users , Bugs , and Aristotle ( EWD 618 )
*
User - friendliness is a word that never should have been invented . .
The computer user , as functioning in the development of computer products is not a real person of flesh and blood but a literary figure , the creation of literature , rather poor literature . (...)
Now , if you start to analyze the many character traits of that literary figure , you discover that he is most uninspiring .
He is stupid , education resistant if not education proof , and he hates any form of intellectual demand made on him , he cannot be delighted by something beautiful , because he lacks the education to appreciate beauty .
Large sections of computer science are paralyzed by accepting this moron as their typical customer . .
What is most needed is , at a number of good universities , a few strong departments of unfashionable computer science .
Edsger W. Dijkstra interviewed by Rogier F. van Vlissingen , 1985
*
Java seems to have been designed to strike a careful balance between making the type system as obstructive as possible while minimizing any actual guarantees of correctness .
Casey McCann in λ the ultimate , May 2010
*
Yes , as a name , xnor generalises well to the n-ary case : I 'm confused completely independent of the number of arguments passed to the function .
Olin Shivers in the SRFI - 33 discussion archive
*
The other month I was told of a great invention called “ the register window ” .
My spokesman was young but in my ears it sounded very familiar because I remembered the Burroughs B5000 of 30 years ago .
So , if you have a bright and sound idea now , you can expect it to be hailed as novelty around the year 2015 .
Edsger W. Dijkstra :
The next forty years ( EWD 1051 )
*
The main idea here is that in the end the programmers want to program in a very high level language , and the machine should be as configurable as possible towards helping the best conceived environment run as fast as possible .
A secondary idea is that it is hard to design when you have your optimization hat on , and thus , if you want to make progress with interactive language design , you want to be able to start using your latest and greatest ideas with as little special optimization as possible .
These are not goals that Intel and Motorola understood , anymore than they understood anything important about SW in general .
The current caching schemes are rudimentary to say the least .
The more interesting architectures today are the graphics accelerators — they do n't do anything particularly new , but they at least have some notion of what they are supposed to do ( and also what they do n't have to do when Moore 's Law makes it easy to have multiple processors ) .
Alan Kay in squeak - dev mailing list , March 2003
*
In fact , flow charting is more preached than practiced .
I have never seen an experienced programmer who routinely made detailed flow charts before beginning to write programs .
Where organization standards require flow charts , these are almost invariably done after the fact .
Many shops proudly use machine programs to generate this “ indispensable design tool ” from the completed code .
I think this universal experience is not an embarassing and deplorable departure from good practice , to be acknowledged only with a nervous laugh .
Instead it is the application of good judgment , and it teaches us something about the utility of flow charts .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : The Mythical Man-Month .
Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995 ( anniversary ed. )
*
A favorite subject for Ph.D. dissertations in software engineering is graphical , or visual , programming , the application of computer graphics to software design .
Sometimes the promise of such an approach is postulated from the analogy with VLSI chip design , where computer graphics plays so fruitful a role .
Sometimes the approach is justified by considering flow charts as the ideal programming design medium , and providing powerful facilities for constructing them .
Nothing even convincing , much less exciting , has yet emerged from such efforts .
I am persuaded that nothing will .
In the first place , as I have argued elsewhere , the flow chart is a very poor abstraction of software structure , Indeed , it is best viewed as Burkes , von Neumann , and Goldstine 's attempt to provide a desperately needed high - level control language for their proposed computer .
In the pitiful , multipage , connection - boxed form to which the flow chart has today been elaborated , it has proved to be essentially useless as a design tool — programmers draw flow charts after , not before , writing the programs they describe . .
Whereas the difference between poor conceptual designs and great ones may lie in the soundness of design method , the difference between good designs and great ones surely does not .
Great designs come from great designers .
Software construction is a creative process .
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind , it cannot enflame or inspire the drudge .
Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. : No Silver Bullet — Essence and Accident in Software Engineering .
In : The Mythical Man-Month ( anniversary ed. ) Addison - Wesley , Reading MA , 1995
*
Flowcharts have been falling out of favor for over a decade , and before another decade passes they 'll be regarded as curious , archaic relics of a bygone programming era .
Indeed , flowcharts are rarely used today ; they 're created mainly to satisfy obsolete documentation specifications . .
I think that if you were to gather statistics over one big project or many small projects ( that used the same paper ) , then the weight of the listings would correlate as well to the bug rate and test efforts as do lines of code .
Yet , “ lines of code ” sounds reasonable and scientific , and “ listing weight ” seems to be an outrageous put-on .
Who 's putting whom on ?
The fact is , that it makes exactly as much sense ( or nonsense ) to say “ This is a 230 - gram program ” as it does to say “ This is a 500 - line program . ” .
“ Logic ” is one of the most often used words in programmers ' vocabularies but one of their least used techniques . .
The barrier to reusable software has never been technical — it 's been financial and managerial .
Reusable software does n't get built if no one is willing to pay the price .
New languages and programming techniques wo n't do it — they never have .
It takes bucks and guts .
Boris Beizer : Software Testing Techniques 2E .
Van Nostrand Reinhold , New York 1990
*
I have been told that one of the reasons for the longevity of the Roman bridges is that their designers had to stand under them when they were first used .
It may be time to put a similar discipline into the software field .
Henry Baker : “ Buffer Overflow ” security problems
*
We have gotten OK at building cathedrals — only we are building the same dozen or so over and over again . .
The effect of ownership imperatives has caused there to be no body of software as literature .
It is as if all writers had their own private companies and only people in the Melville company could read Moby - Dick and only those in Hemingway 's could read The Sun Also Rises .
Richard P. Gabriel and Ron Goldman : Mob Software : The Erotic Life of Code
*
$ 20 / paper for any research that does n't have a business case and a deep - pocketed backer is completely untenable , and speculative or historic research that might require reading dozens of papers to shed some light on longstanding questions is basically impossible .
There might have been a time when this was OK and everyone who had access to or cared about computers was already an IEEE / ACM member , but right now the IEEE – both as a knowledge repository and a social network – is a single point of a lot of silent failure .
“ $ 20 for a forty - year - old research paper ” is functionally indistinguishable from “ gone ” , Mike Hoye on why old research papers should start at $ 0
*
( I have found that the worst possible thing you could do wrong in this world is to give people something that is more powerful than they are prepared to understand .
Back when I believed that SGML was a brilliant idea , I did not understand that the people who were the intended users were completely unable to understand it , and that only those who were stupid enough not to realize it in time , would continue to work with it , and so they sat there with their excellent document production system with a clever markup system and thought it had to be useful for something grander , and now we have XML , a non-solution to a non-problem so brilliant that m4 no longer seems like a prank .
We really need Gary Larson - style cartoons on the history of computer science . )
Erik Naggum in comp.lang.lisp , January 2004
*
HTML represents the worst of two worlds .
We could have taken a formatting language and added hypertext anchors so that users had beautifully designed documents on their desktops .
We could have developed a powerful document structure language so that browsers could automatically do intelligent things with Web documents .
What we have got with HTML is ugly documents without formatting or structural information .
Philip Greenspun : We Have Chosen Shame and Will Get War
*
Some of the patterns books I have read stress the language - independence of the patterns .
This turns out to mean “ hey , we need it for Java too ! ” Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , November 2002
*
It 's hard to make things fool - proof because fools are so ingenious .
I remember someone telling me about a statistics package they had written which would only let you do meaningful regressions .
Instead of being glad to have errors caught before it was too late , their users had discovered that they could save data to a file and load it back in as if it was completely new data , thereby tricking the program into accepting calculations which made no sense .
Richard A. O'Keefe in squeak - dev mailing list , December 2002
*
Aspiring computer scientists should know that they will not be glorified toaster repairmen , but part of a grand intellectual tradition stretching back to Euclid , Leibniz , and Gauss .
They should know that , in Dijkstra 's words , “ computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes ” — that the quarry we 're after is not a slightly - faster C compiler but a deeper understanding of life , mind , mathematics , and the physical world .
Scott Aaronson : Teaching Statement [ .pdf ]
*
You are crazy , but that 's not important .
The only thing that matters is whether or not you do anything .
Do anything , and you matter .
Olin Shivers in comp.lang.scheme , April 2000
*
If people are sane , if the world keeps moving forward , if we intellectuals keep fulfilling our duty of education , then good things will spread , and happiness will rain on earth .
Xah Lee in comp.lang.lisp , July 2000
Edsger W. Dijkstra was the intransigent champion of calculational methods and academic independence , who spurned operational and analogical thinking in progamming , real - worldly concerns in research and education .
His classic Discipline of Programming proposes a model programming language and a treatment of semantics tailored to support the derivation of both ( small ) programs and proofs of their correctness , the proof guiding the programming choices .
( See Cohen 's Programming in the 1990s for a cute textbook introducing the “ calculation of programs ” . )
He entertained an unshakable belief in formalization , in calculi applied as tools rather than investigated as subject matter of science .
Apparently he did n't want to understand the semantic side of mathematical logic ( model theory , initiated in the 1930s and 40s by Tarski and Carnap ) :
I get completely confused as soon as logicians drag “ models ” and “ interpretations ” into the picture .
I thought that the whole purpose of the creation of a formal system in which one can calculate was to create something independent of any model or interpretation .
( EWD 1227 )
( Actually , he tends to blur , in his Discipline at least , the distinction between formulae defining relations and their interpretation as subsets of the state space , and when the author seems to present manipulations of formulae we may more straightforwardly read operations on sets of states . )
His infatuation with “ calculating ” may have had a whimsical twist to it , and some of his aversions are rather dated : the operational semantics he execrated has seen a beautiful — syntax - directed — rebirth in the last decades , simple calculi exhibiting core features of various programming languages .
Nonetheless , the late Edsger W. Dijkstra is the patron saint of ratiocination in computing :
I mean , if 10 years from now , when you are doing something quick and dirty , you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself “ Dijkstra would not have liked this ” , well , that would be enough immortality for me .
( EWD 1213 )
If I lived back in the wild west days , instead of carrying a six - gun in my holster , I 'd carry a soldering iron .
That way , if some smart - aleck cowboy said something like “ Hey , look .
He 's carrying a soldering iron ! ” and started laughing , and everybody else started laughing , I could just say , “ That 's right , it 's a soldering iron .
The soldering iron of justice . ”
Then everybody would get real quiet and ashamed , because they had made fun of the soldering iron of justice , and I could probably hit them up for a free drink .
Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
Well , I am not competent at all to give good answers to such questions , but such worries , some other doubts raised here about monads , etc. remind me a little one conference on geometrical methods in technical sciences , where one Top Fellow kept asking several times the same question : “ How much money was produced last year by fibre bundles or differential forms ? ”
Jerzy Karczmarczuk : comp.lang.functional , April 1999
*
The only paradigm worth following in programming is that of money .
That is the only reason the vast majority of programmers got into it for .
Well , that and all of the hot chicks ......
SmashAndGrab @ The Daily WTF , 2007-02-07
