More than 1.3 million voter registration applications :
That ’s how many low - income people , persons of color and young people ACORN has helped register this election cycle , including almost 40,000 here in California .
In a country in which one - third of the eligible voting - age population -- heavily concentrated in minority communities , urban areas and among young people -- is not registered , such a deeply patriotic act should be celebrated .
Instead , ACORN , or the Assn. of Community Organizations for Reform Now , has been subjected to an unrelenting torrent of partisan attacks on the integrity of our voter registration effort , including the charge from John McCain that ACORN “ may be destroying the fabric of democracy . ”
In an editorial discussing our work on low - cost housing , The Times referred to ACORN ’s voter registration drive as “ fraud - tolerant . ”
Let ’s look at some key facts about ACORN ’s national voter registration drive .
Fact :
In most states , ACORN was required by law to submit every voter registration application it collects , regardless of the quality of each card .
Fact : ACORN conducts the most rigorous and sophisticated quality - control process for registering voters in the country .
Each registration card is reviewed by three separate people ; the registrants are then called as many as three times apiece to confirm the information on each card .
In each state where we conducted voter registration efforts , ACORN submitted its cards to the agency that oversees elections twice a week in three batches : one of incomplete and spoiled cards , one of error - free cards and one of “ suspicious ” cards .
Fact :
Out of ACORN ’s 1.3 million applications , 6.5 % were incomplete or otherwise spoiled ( about 65,000 ) , 1.5 % were in some way suspicious ( about 19,500 ) , and about 20 % were duplicate registrations from people already on the voter registration rolls .
These percentages are comparable to and in many cases better than those of other voter registration drives that have taken place this year .
Fact : ACORN pays its canvassers by the hour , not by the card ; there is no rigid quota system .
Like any employer , however , ACORN has standards to ensure that it is not paying for work that does not get done .
Fact : Some of ACORN ’s canvassers attempted to get paid for not doing their job by making up names or copying them from sources such as a phone book .
When ACORN ’s quality control system caught them , the employees were fired and the suspicious cards were tagged and turned into the proper authorities .
This constitutes fraud against ACORN , not fraud against the system .
Over the course of the registration drive , ACORN fired 829 of its 13,000 canvassers for these and other quality - related issues .
Fact : Voter registration fraud is not voter fraud .
Indeed , the fact that these cards were caught , generally by ACORN first , shows that the system works and operates with a high degree of integrity .
Why has ACORN suddenly become such a rallying cry for Republicans ?
The ultimate answer , of course , is to win the election .
Partisan forces are unsettled by the large numbers of new voters ACORN is bringing into the system .
Such rhetoric also seems to divert attention from one of the most unpatriotic activities we can imagine -- activities designed to suppress turnout through illegal purges of voter rolls , intimidation of voters at polling places , voter caging and similar tactics .
The highly charged rhetoric has had consequences .
A torrent of hate mail and phone calls have poured into our offices , including death threats against our staff .
Our Boston and Seattle offices were broken into last week .
The citizens ACORN has helped register this year are very real .
Many of them will be coming out to vote today and in future elections .
Far from being a threat , our work to encourage participation in democracy is deeply necessary for the reweaving of the fabric of our democracy .
These voters should be welcomed to our democracy .
We at ACORN intend to be vigilant in our efforts to ensure that every single American who has a right to vote is allowed to exercise that right .
ACORN will be out in our communities on election day , walking people to the polls and helping to make sure that everyone ’s vote is taken .
Martha Sanchez is chairwoman of the Los Angeles ACORN board of directors .
Hit F5 on your keyboard to refresh often , as play - by - play is updated in real time .
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Nicolae Cury submits Jorge Boechat .
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Mikey Gomez finishes Lorenzo
Borgomeo with a second - round
armbar .
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Conor Heun ( left ) vs. Edson Berto
** Update from inside the BankAtlantic Center ***
***
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Cristiane " Cyborg " Santos tees off
on Yoko Takahashi .
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Radach ( left ) vs. Rua
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Carano ( right ) vs. Kobald
** Update from inside the BankAtlantic Center ***
***
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Arlovski ( right ) vs. Nelson
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Petruzelli ( right ) vs. Slice
Sherdog.com reports from the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise , Fla. , with live play - by - play of EliteXC " Heat , " which was scheduled to be headlined by Kevin " Kimbo Slice " Ferguson vs. Ken Shamrock
However , due to a cut Shamrock suffered over his left eye , Seth Petruzelli has replaced him against Slice .
Do n't forget to check out the MMA Forums to discuss tonight 's event .
Click here for quick results .
Cury lands a right hand that drops Boechat to the floor after a brief exchange .
Cury follows to the mat with punches , but after failing to secure Boechat 's back he returns to his feet and invited his opponent to do the same .
Cury lands a leg kick that crumples Boechat to the mat where he quickly pounces and takes a high back mount .
He maneuvers for a reverse triangle and after a few blows Cury coaxes a tapout from Boechat for the win at 1:35 of the opening frame .
Gomez plants
Hamade to the mat after an errant kick just seconds into the scrap , but Hamade quickly works his way back to his feet .
Hamade answers with a takedown of his own and works right into side - control and then mount .
Hamade unleashes a torrent of strikes , but a game Gomez remains calm and sweeps Hamade and gets back to his feet .
His good fortune did not last long as Hamade jumped into a guillotine choke that left Gomez gasping for air .
Gomez tried to keep the fight standing as he strained to gain his breath , but as a last - second option he tried to slam his way out .
Once the fight hit the mat it was virtually over .
With a deep arm - in guillotine latched on , Hamade elicited the submission as Gomez capitulated at 2:03 of the first period .
The fighters trade leg kicks early in the round as they feel each other out while searching for an opening .
Niether man can gain an advantage on the feet as they continue to trade strikes in the center of the cage .
The fighters clinch along the fencing and Borgomeo lands a stinging right hand .
With less than a minute to go in the round , Gomez takes the fight to the mat with a takedown .
He finished the round from the top position and took the early lead on the Sherdog.com scorecard 10 - 9 .
Gomez begins to assert himself as the second round gets underway .
He lands a flurry of punches and clinches to throw a knee .
Gomez changes levels and takes the bout to the canvas where he quickly takes Borgomeo 's back .
Borgomeo turns back into his opponent and after a short struggles regains half - guard .
Gomez scrambles and scampers all the way round Borgomeo and takes his back once again only to have Borgomeo turn back once again .
Gomez resets his base and takes Borgomeo 's left arm in a textbook armbar to end the fight at 4:06 of the second stanza .
Berto throws a big head kick but Heun blocks it for the most part as the fight gets off to a quick start .
Berto finding his range , but Heun refuses to back down .
Heun throws a leg kick that Berto catches before dropping Heun to the mat with a straight right hand .
Heun tries to stand but Berto locks up a guillotine and falls to his guard .
Heun easily escapes and the two men scramble for position .
Berto , back on his feet , begins to unload landing a series of punches before exclamating the flurry with a hard body kick .
There is no quit in Heun , who takes the fight back to the ground where he goes to work from Berto 's guard .
Heun aggressively pounds away until the bell and opens up a cut around Berto 's left eye .
The late offensive by Heun garners him the nod on the Sherdog.com scorecard 10 - 9 .
Heun charges across the cage slinging leather the entire way as the second round starts .
Berto avoids the worst of it before landing a big flying knee .
Heun does n't budge a bit and slams Berto to the mat and begins a ground and pound barrage .
During the attack he drops a downward elbow and Referee Troy Waugh immediately halts the action to take a point from Heun .
Undeterred ,
Heun takes the fight back to the mat and pounds Berto with hammerfists and elbows from the top .
This time Waugh steps in to protect a bloody and battered Berto .
Conor Heun is awarded the TKO victory at 2:18 of the second round .
Ken Shamrock will not be fighting Kimbo Slice in the main event of EliteXC “ Heat , ” according to an official statement made Saturday by announcer Jimmy Lennon Jr. inside the BankAtlantic Center .
Seth Petruzelli , who was scheduled to fight Aaron Rosa on the undercard , has replaced Shamrock and will fight Slice .
Shamrock was medically disqualified Saturday by the Florida State Athletic Commission , after sustaining a cut from a headbutt during a light workout some time within the last 24 hours .
In an interview on CBS , Shamrock said the cut required six stitches .
" I was warming up , getting loose , and caught a head and did n't think much of it .
Next thing I know , a couple of drops were dripping from my head , " Shamrock told CBS . " [ We ] went to look and hopefully glue it together or something , but it needed six stitches .
We we 're trying to figure out a way to do this , but we came down here and the commission said they were n't going to let me fight .
" A commission official told CBS that Shamrock had received treatment from the Cleveland Clinic and that sutures were in place over his eye , preventing his participation .
Cyborg fires out of her corner and clobbers Yoko Takahashi with a vicious volley of punches that leave her reeling just seconds into the bout .
Takahashi finally hits the mat after absorbing a ton of punishment , only to have Cyborg go to her submission game .
Cyborg misses an armbar and Takahashi sweeps to the top position .
Cyborg tries to lock up a triangle but finds herself defending strikes as the round comes to an end .
Cyborg takes the first round , 10 - 9 on the Sherdog card .
Cyborg lands a big left hand to start things in the second .
Takahashi immediately drops for a single - leg attempt .
Cyborg fights off the attempt and continues her offensive .
Cyborg is taking target practice now as she continues to batter Takahashi with punches and kicks .
Takahashi , to her credit , is not backing down at all and although she has mounted no offense she has proven her toughness .
Round two goes to Cyborg 10 - 9 once again .
Cyborg 's pace has slowed a bit as the women move into the final frame .
Takahashi is actually moving forward and Cyborg is content to counter punch .
Takahashi lands a hard spinning - back fist , but Cyborg does n't budge an inch , she actually lands a hard right hand of her own to answer .
Cyborg backs Takahashi into the cage and batters her with another flurry of punches as the final bell sounds .
Sherdog scores the final round 10 - 9 for Santos .
Official scores are 30 - 26 and 30 - 27 ( twice ) , all for Cyborg .
Both fighters come out looking to trade , but neither throw many strikes through 30 seconds .
Radach rushes Ninja with a combination from the outside , and drops him to one knee .
Ninja recovers , and fires back with wild punches as both fighters end up slipping to the mat .
Both fighters now trading blow - for - blow when a Radach hook smashes Ninja and sends him a careening across the cage , sliding into the fence , and fending off a weak double leg from Radach .
Both end up on the canvas once again in an insane exchange .
Ninja is feebly able to scramble into top position , but Radach slides up the cage , and in the first lull in 90 seconds , the two pummel against the fence .
Ninja driving a single leg , but Radach easily drops and sprawls out , getting head control and pushing away .
Ninja lands a right hook , but Radach shoots a double leg and gets a takedown that puts Ninja against the cage .
Ninja sits up and gets a loose kimura , but Radach escapes and is on top in half guard .
Ninja leans back as Radach postures , goiung for a heel hook .
Ninja sinks a heel hook , but Radach 's knee is bent and Ninja cannot fully extend , as Radach turns the corner and escapes , keeping top position .
Radach trying to work past half guard , but Ninja goes for a heel hook again .
Radach sits up , attempting to control the hands of Rua .
As Ninja changes leg position , he scrambles up , and takes top position on Radach .
Radach attempts to scramble to his feet , but from four quarter position , ninja controls Radach and throws hammerfists until the wild round expires .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 RadachTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 RuaGreg Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 RadachBoth fighters with single strikes from out of range , as Rua walks Radach down but Radach counters with an uppercut as Ninja wades in .
As Rua steps forward , a massive Radach right cross rips Ninja 's head back .
Ninja continues stalking , chopping at Radach with single leg kicks as Radach moves around the outside of the cage .
Ninja shoots a weak double leg , and switches to a single leg , but a strong whizzer allows Radach to block the takedown and reset standing .
Ninja again steps into range with his hands down , and slips throwing a lunging knee .
Radach dives into Ninja 's guard with three massive right hands that make the Brazilian go limp , prompting referee Jorge Alonso to step in and save Rua at 2:31 of the second round .
Both trade hooks as Kobold clinches and gets double underhooks , and bullies Carano to the cage .
Kobold drops for a single leg , as Carano defends and pummels up .
Both women working hard from the body lock along the fence .
Kobold dropping for the legs again , but Carano keeps her balance and controls Kobold 's arm as Carano clears off the cage and trades punches with Kobold .
Both women throwing rights and lefts , with Carano landing the cleaner punches with her right .
Carano grabs the Thai clinch , and lands with two clean knees , but Kobold pushes Carano back to the cage , and drops for another single leg .
Carano uses the cage well to defend the takedown as Kobold works for a high - crotch takedown .
Kobold continues to hoist Carano off the cage with a high crotch but can't budge Carano .
Carano gets off the cage and both women wail away with punches , Carano landing the better of the two as the bell rings .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 CaranoTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 CaranoGreg
Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 CaranoA short right stuns Kobold , as both again fire rights and lefts at each other .
Carano grabs the Thai clinch , but Kobold wrestles her way out , and pushes Carano into the fence again .
Kobold with a good short right hand against the fence , and fires another combination as she drops again to the legs , looking for the high - crotch takedown .
Carano escapes .
Carano in range , and lands a crisp left hook on an aggressive Kobold .
Kobold steps in and Carano lands a short right hand .
Kobold runs in twice in a row , and Carano lands two check left hooks that rock Kobold .
Kobold puts her head down , and barrels at Carano with punches , but Carano is completely out of her range .
Kobold runs into another right cross from Carano , but keeps coming forward , and Kobold finally gets a double leg takedown as she runs Carano into the fence .
With only 10 seconds left , Kobold fires rights and lefts on top as Carano covers up until the bell rings .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 CaranoTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 KoboldGreg
Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 CaranoA cut has been opened over the right eye of Kobold as the third begins .
Kobold again pushes Carano straight to the fence , working on a single leg , but switches to a double .
Kobold pulls Carano off the fence , but Carano keeps her balance .
Kobold now stomping Carano 's feet hard looking to open up a takedown .
Kobold struggling to pull Carano off the fence , but continues stomping away on Carano 's feet .
Referee Troy
Waugh separates the two women from the clinch .
Kobold comes in throwing wild swings , as Carano lands with counter crosses , and lands two vicious knees to the game Minnesotan , who again pushes Carano into the fence .
Carano swims to the Thai clinch and lands a knee , and uses her arm to cross face Kobold away from her body .
As she crossfaces Kobold , she slips to the side and locks on a rear naked choke from an awkward standing position , but can't loses position on the choke as the two fall to the mat .
The two scramble to the feet , and Kobold barrels forward as the bout winds down , and Carano lands a massive teep to the face .
With five seconds to go , Carano lands a hard front kick , and a series of left roundhouse kicks that smash Kobold to the face and body , punctuating the fight .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 CaranoTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 CaranoGreg
Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 CaranoOfficial scores are 29 - 28 , 30 - 27 , 30 - 27 all for the still - undefeated Gina Carano .
CBS 's Karen Bryant is interviewing Tito Ortiz , and the " Huntington Beach Bad Boy " says he may sign with EXC next week .
Nelson jabbing in , but Arlovski low kicks and keeps Nelson at bay for a moment .
Nelson bowls forward and gets into the clinch Arlovski trips Nelson , but Nelson rolls through and reverses when they hit the ground , and gets top position .
Nelson deftly moves from half guard to side control .
Nelson holding side mount well , and slowly gets a hold of Arlovski's arm .
As Nelson attempts to crank a keylock , Arlovski shifts , but Nelson is able to stay on top and move to north - south .
As Nelson moves back to side , Arlovski bucks and moves away .
Nelson stands above Arlovski in Ali -Inoki position , and surprisingly dives back onto the ground , and gets into Arlovski's half guard , and moves to side .
Nelson gets a figure - four position on the arm , but is stood up by referee Jorge Ortiz before he can crank it .
On the feet , Nelson closes the distance again , ramming Arlovski into the cage .
Arlovski with a sharp knee to the face as Nelson looks to go for a high crotch takedown .
The Sunrise crowd drone in boos as Nelson continues bulling Arlovski into the fence , until Ortiz breaks them apart again .
Arlovski rips a hard low kick and lands with a one - two combination .
Arlovski lands two more hard low kicks as Nelson wades forward with single punches .
Nelson clinches up with Arlovski as he comes forward , pushing him into the fence again as the round expires .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 NelsonTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 NelsonGreg
Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 NelsonArlovski lands a few short punches , but Nelson lands a wild left hook that stumbles the former UFC champ into the fence , and Nelson barrels forward and again pushes him into the cage .
Arlovski separates from Nelson , pushes his head down lands a sharp knee to the face .
Arlovski rocks
Nelson with a massive right cross and left roundhouse kick to the head , but Nelson does n't back down .
Arlovski swims to the Thai clinch , and comes up with a two big knees and then unloads a massive flurry of punches .
Nelson jabs , but Arlovski lands a battery of low kicks that stumble Nelson back into the fence .
As Nelson steps forward , he's hit with a left cross and right uppercut , and is then melted with a massive right cross that drops him onto his face , forcing Jorge Ortiz to rescue him at 3:14 of the second round .
Shields lands a right leg kick , and throws a left kick to the body which lands on the arms of Daley .
After Daley throws a straight to the body , Shields shoots a low single which is pancaked on by Daley as the Brit deftly stops the takedown .
Shields rushes in as Daley quickly circles away and escapes the Californian 's clutches .
Daley jabs to the body , but Shields changes levels and easily collapses Daley to the mat .
Shields moving quickly on top , and while Daley briefly halts Shields ' progress , the EliteXC champ gets to side mount , and then emphatically takes full mount with just over three minutes to go in the round .
Shields continuously forces
Daley flat to his back as he continues to chip away with weak punches on top .
As Daley shrimps back , Shields moves to side mount , and then regains full mount expertly .
Shields now moves into a higher mount , and flurries away with punches on top again .
After three minutes of pitty - pat punches which left Daley unfazed , Shields spins for an armbar , but is impeded by the cage , as Daley is able to get his shoulders between Shields legs and end up in his guard , and lands some elbows as the round ends .
Jordan Breen scores the round : 10 -9 ShieldsTJ DeSantis scores the round : 10 - 9 ShieldsGreg
Savage scores the round : 10 - 9 ShieldsDaley throws a head kick which is blocked by Shields .
Shields jabs , but Daley rushes in with a big three punch combo which forces Shields onto his heels , and into shooting a weak double leg .
Daley sprawls out , and complains to referee Jorge Alonso that Shields is holding his shorts .
As Daley rushes in again with strikes , Shields shoots a double , but pulls guard instead , and rolls for a leglock , which Daley is quick to yank out of and reset on the feet .
A lead left hook from Daley rocks Shields , and Shields blows a weak takedown as the champion now looks visibly tired .
A slowing shields closes the distance and drives Daley into the fence with a single leg .
Daley uses an overhook to get to his feet , but is tackled from the body lock directly into the mount as Shields creeps to a high mount , and momentarily looks for an armbar .
Daley is able to momentarily escape from mount , but Shields holds side control , and takes mount again .
Once again , Shields sets up the armbar from the top and takes it this time .
Daley attempts to turn his wrist and escape out the back , but Shields controls Daley 's arm and forces " Semtex " to tap out at 3:47 of the second round .
Petruzelli throws two quick teeps looking to keep a rushing Slice away from him .
As Kimbo closes in , Petruzelli lands an awkward short right that drops Slice to the mat .
As Kimbo makes it to his knees , Petruzelli attacks with a volley of hammerfists , and pushes Kimbo onto his back .
Petruzelli does n't pause with his punches , and continues smashing away with a barrage of right hands until Troy Waugh rescues the prone Slice just 14 seconds into the first round .
When Are Your " Privately Held Religious Beliefs " Not So Private Anymore ?
When you donate $ 1500 to a political campaign to strip other people — people who are not your co-religionists — of their civil rights .
Richard Raddon is , or was , the director of the Los Angeles Film Festival .
All hell broke loose after it emerged that Raddon , who is Mormon , had donated $ 1500 to the " Yes on 8 " campaign .
The LA Times :
After Raddon 's contribution was made public online , Film Independent was swamped with criticism from " No on 8 " supporters both inside and outside the organization .
Within days , Raddon offered to step down as festival director , but the board , which includes Don Cheadle , Forest Whitaker , Lionsgate President Tom Ortenberg and Fox Searchlight President Peter Rice , gave him a unanimous vote of confidence .
Yet , the anti-Raddon bile continued to bubble in the blogosphere , and according to one Film Independent board member , " No on 8 " supporters also berated Raddon personally via phone calls and e-mails .
The recriminations ultimately proved too much , and when Raddon offered to resign again , this time the board accepted .
Raddon released a statement that said , in part , " I have always held the belief that all people , no matter race , religion or sexual orientation , are entitled to equal rights . "
Except for when they 're not — and Raddon also believes that the religious should wield a veto over other peoples ' civil rights .
He goes on to whine about being a " devout and faithful Mormon , " and about how his contribution to " Yes on 8 " was a " private matter . "
Uh ... no .
A donation to a political campaign is a public matter ; and civil marriage rights for same - sex couples did not infringe upon the religious freedom of Mormons , devout or otherwise .
Bill Condon , the gay guy who directed of Dreamgirls , attempted to get Raddon 's back : " Someone has lost his job and possibly his livelihood because of privately held religious beliefs . "
No .
No. No. Raddon lost his job due to criticism of his public political actions , not his private religious beliefs , and his public political actions were a part of the public record .
If Raddon wanted to go to church and pray his little heart out against same - sex marriage , or proselytize on street corners against gay marriage , or counsel gay men to leave their husbands and marry nice Mormon girls instead , that could be viewed as an expression of his " privately held religious beliefs . "
Instead he helped fund a political campaign to strip a vulnerable minority group of its civil rights .
" Millions of Californians definitely lost their civil rights , " says John Aravosis .
" But I 'm not hearing a lot of concern about any of those victims , only sympathy for their attacker .
When you use the power of the state to rip away my civil rights , and force me to live by your ' values , ' you are no longer practicing your religion .
You 're practicing politics . "
In the wake of Prop 8 millions of gays and lesbians all over the country have decided that we 're no longer going to play by the old rules .
We 're not going to let people kick our teeth down our throats and then run and hide behind " Nothing personal — just my private religious beliefs ! "
That game 's over .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The conservative legal powerhouse , the Federalist Society , is holding its annual convention in Washington this week .
In past years , the group has had smug gatherings highlighting all of its many members who ’ve been installed in lifetime appointments to the federal judiciary and into other top government jobs .
It ’s crowning moment : the confirmation of longtime member Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court .
This year , though , the right - wing scholars and judges headlining the events seem a bit more subdued .
Barack Obama has put a huge brake on their quest to remake the federal courts into bastions of conservative legal thought ( and dashed the career plans of a new generation of conservative lawyers ) .
Among the rank and file this morning , talk revolved around fear of the direction the Supreme Court might take under an Obama administration .
There was wild speculation that Obama would be replacing moderate liberals like John Paul Stevens ( who was actually appointed by Gerald Ford ) , with “ radical leftists . ”
Chief among those leftists , according to the banter , would be Lawrence Tribe , the famous liberal constitutional law scholar at Harvard law , who was also one of Obama ’s professors and now current advisor .
Tribe represented Al Gore in the 2000 recount litigation before the Supreme Court and has a long line of Supreme Court arguments under his belt that include the famous case of Bowers v. Hardwick , in which he argued against Georgia ’s sodomy law ( and lost ) .
Bill Clinton reportedly passed him over for the high court in the 1990s , fearing he was too liberal to get confirmed by a Republican Congress .
But the Federalists should take a breath : Obama is not going to appoint Tribe .
First off , Tribe is simply too old .
At 67 , he is already out of range .
( By comparison , Chief Justice John Roberts is 55 . )
Not only that , but Tribe earlier this year had to cancel his spring classes at Harvard after being diagnosed with a benign brain tumor that required surgery .
He may be brilliant , but his health and age simply make him ineligible .
And for all the talk about an Obama court , so far , unless a sitting justice unexpectedly kicks the bucket , there ’s not likely to be an opening for quite a while .
Even Stevens , 89 , has hired clerks for the next October term , as have all the other justices , a sign that for the moment , none of them intends to give up their cushy jobs for retirement any time soon .
Americans go to the polls this week to elect a new leader of the free world , and it's our responsibility to make the entire process look as silly as possible .
So that 's the challenge .
( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 20:45 ) still openAmericans go to the polls this week to elect a new leader of the free world , and it's our responsibility to make the entire process look as silly as possible .
So that 's the challenge . ( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 20:45 )
Pages : 24 , 23 , 22 , 21 , 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 , 16 , 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ( or see the latest posts )
Yaay !
Now I can say a bigger boy told me to pearoast it .
( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 21:51 , Now I can say a bigger boy told me to pearoast it . ( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 21:51 , More
Mentali .
Yay !
Oh , and have a final pearoast before I relurk .
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 13:10 , ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 13:10 , More
3 day old pea for the compo
( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 21:23 , ( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 21:23 , More
phew , now that 's out of my head i can move on
now that 's out of my head i can move on * moves on *
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 11:42 , now that 's out of my head i can move on * moves on *( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 11:42 , More
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 5:56 , ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 5:56 , More
Click for bigger and in color
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 11:28 , ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 11:28 , More
Sorry if bindun ...
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 10:30 , ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 10:30 , More
haha :D
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 9:29 , ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 9:29 , More
hahahaha WIN !
( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 22:15 , ( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 22:15 , More
Shirley bindun ?
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 16:26 , ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 16:26 , More
Afrobama
This took far too long ..
( , Fri 31 Oct 2008 , 14:23 , This took far too long ..( , Fri 31 Oct 2008 , 14:23 , More
Mmmm , tasty sap
Not sure what I was doing here ... I should go to bed ...
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 0:37 , Not sure what I was doing here ... I should go to bed ... ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 0:37 , More
It 's Election time !
For added Prodigy click here :
www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbI3Iwgj4x4
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 12:10 , For added Prodigy click here : ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 12:10 , More
Lurking somewhere in the woodlands ...
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 23:22 , ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 23:22 , More
Did that recently
Boing boing boing
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 14:12 , Boing boing boing ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 14:12 , More
' Scuse me while I whip * this * out
Seems to me , the white folks is under - represented in ' shops of this here movie .
" Here , sir ; play with this . "
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 22:19 , Seems to me , the white folks is under - represented in ' shops of this here movie . ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 22:19 , More
Pffffft !
/ edit : might as well compo it then
( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 22:14 , /edit : might as well compo it then ( , Wed 29 Oct 2008 , 22:14 , More
Quite surprised it 's not a bindun ...
Apologies if it is ...
( , Tue 28 Oct 2008 , 16:43 , ( , Tue 28 Oct 2008 , 16:43 , More
Hahaha
Also , I guess this kinda fits
( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 11:57 , Also , I guess this kinda fits ( , Thu 30 Oct 2008 , 11:57 , More
MadScott sez , " TSA Screener Pythias Brown walked off with hundreds of thousands of dollars of passengers ' belongings without ever being observed by the TSA , selling the items on Ebay ( apparently he was good about customer service ) .
Pythias started small , stealing cameras , laptop computers , gaming consoles and eventually moved on to the good stuff including a video camera belonging to CNN , and a $ 47,900 camera stored inside the bag of an HBO employee .
The items were sold on Ebay , and as you can see from his feedback listing , these were not cheap items .
His greed eventually came back to haunt him , when CNN found one of their cameras listed on Ebay .
With a little help from the local police department and the USPS , Brown was apprehended .
When agents entered his house , they found 66 cameras , 31 laptop computers , jewelry , lenses , GPS devices and more .
A couple of weeks ago , a component on Hubble failed ( read that link for the back story here ) .
This critical piece of hardware controls almost all the scientific instruments on the observatory , so Hubble has been essentially down for weeks .
However , NASA anticipates such things , and when Hubble was built , all critical systems had a redundant set installed .
In other words , there is another of these controllers on Hubble , but it 's been switched off since just before launch back in April 1990 .
Tomorrow , NASA will start the procedure to turn it back on .
This process is tricky , as it involves basically shutting everything down , then restarting it again .
It means powering up a piece of hardware that 's had 18 years of napping .
And it means several days of painstaking engineering and control , and making sure everything goes according to plan .
It 's entirely possible that Hubble will be up and running by Friday , which is good .
The Shuttle mission that was going to service Hubble ( installing two cameras and a bunch of other needed parts ) has been postponed until next year .
They are considering bringing up another controller to replace the dead one ; that 's just in case the redundant one breaks down as well ( and if they can't turn on the redundant one , they 'll have to bring one up anyway ) .
Ironically , the launch date was supposed to have been today , but now it wo n't be until February at the earliest .
NASA takes Hubble pretty seriously ; in many ways it represents NASA itself .
I 'm glad .
Hubble still has many years of peering into the universe ahead of it .
Oh , and if anyone at NASA is reading this : I went to the main NASA site .
I went to the Goddard site .
And as of the time of this writing , I found no mention of this anywhere , even though the telecon about it was 7 hours ago .
On the NASA Hubble page , the last update was from two weeks ago .
Maybe I missed it , but news like this should really be on the front page .
( CNN ) --
A ballot initiative to ban gay marriage in California appears headed for a narrow defeat , exit polls showed .
Voters in California , Arizona and Florida weigh in on constitutional bans on same - sex marriage .
Proposition Eight , which would eliminate the right of same - sex couples to marry in California , was losing -- 53 percent to 47 percent , according to the polling .
If it were to pass , it would overrule a state Supreme Court ruling in May legalizing same - sex unions .
However , similar measures succeeded in Arizona and Florida , where voters approved constitutional amendments recognizing marriage as a union between one man and one woman , CNN projected .
In Arizona , where a similar measure failed in 2006 , Proposition 102 passed with 56 percent .
Florida voters approved the amendment by a 62 - 38 percent margin .
Arizona , California and Florida were the only states to weigh constitutional amendments banning same - sex unions , down from 11 states in the 2004 election .
The projected results were just some of the hot - button issues in an election where ballot measures were dominated by social issues from abortion and affirmative action to suicide and animal rights .
As of 2:30 a.m. ET , CNN had projected results on most major initiatives , based on actual results and exit poll data from key areas .
Fifty - seven percent of voters in Arkansas supported a measure to prohibit unmarried sexual partners from adopting children or from serving as foster parents .
The measure specifies that the prohibition applies to opposite - sex as well as same - sex couples .
Tuesday was a day of relief for supporters of reproductive rights .
Voters in Colorado rejected a measure defining a person to " include any human being from the moment of fertilization , " which would have applied to sections of the Colorado Constitution that protect " natural and essential rights of persons . "
South Dakota rejected a proposal to prohibit abortions except in cases of rape or incest or where the mother 's life or health is at risk .
A similar measure that did not include exceptions for rape or the health of the mother was on the ballot in 2006 , but voters rejected it 44 to 56 percent .
Voters in Michigan chose to amend the state constitution to permit human embryonic stem cell research with certain restrictions .
The embryos , which must have been created for fertility treatment purposes , would have to have been discarded otherwise , and they may not be used more than 14 days after cell division has begun .
Results are still pending for California 's Proposition 4 , which requires physicians to provide parental notification to guardians of minors at least 48 hours before performing an abortion .
iReport.com : Watch Prop 8 debate in Utah
The marijuana reform movement also won victories in two states .
Michigan became the 13th state to legalize marijuana for medical purposes , with 64 percent of the vote .
Voters in Massachusetts also approved an initiative to decriminalize penalties for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana .
Voters in Nebraska approved a measure prohibiting state governments from discriminating against or granting preferential treatment to people based on race , ethnicity , color , sex or national origin .
Results on a similar measure in Colorado have not been announced .
In Washington , 58 percent of voters supported a citizen initiative to allow adults with six months or less to live to request lethal medication prescribed by a physician .
A physician is not required to comply , but anyone participating " in good faith " with the request would not risk criminal prosecution .
Arizonans also supported a measure to overhaul state laws prohibiting the employment of illegal immigrants .
Under Proposition 202 , only employers who know that an employee does not have legal status would risk having their business licenses suspended or revoked .
Many states also weighed budget - related proposals with significant implications for the generation of state revenue .
In Massachusetts , voters rejected a measure to cut the state personal income tax rate in half for 2009 and eliminate the state personal income tax starting in 2010 .
A similar ballot measure in North Dakota also failed .
Voters in eight states considered proposals related to gambling and lotteries , including Maryland , where current law prohibits the operation of commercial slot machines .
Voters approved a constitutional amendment to authorize the use of video lottery terminals , or slot machines , at certain locations in the state to fund public education .
Arkansas also approved a constitutional amendment to establish state lotteries to fund education , overturning a law set in 1874 .
South Carolina voters supported an amendment to its constitution that changes the age of sexual consent from 14 to 16 .
Animal rights advocates also won victories in two states .
Massachusetts passed a measure to ban greyhound racing by 2010 and California approved an initiative to outlaw the confinement of pregnant pigs , calves raised for veal and egg - laying hens " in a manner that does not allow them to turn around freely . "
All About Elections and Voting • Abortion • Same - Sex Marriage
How to Pick an Azure Certification Path That Is Right for You
You can enhance your IT career with Microsoft Azure cloud certification .
However , it can prove challenging figuring out which learning path to pursue .
If you ’re thinking of moving up in the world of information technology , Azure certification is a great way to do it .
However , the path to Azure certification is different for everyone .
The cloud is complex .
Learning the basics of cloud computing can prove overwhelming .
However , there is an Azure certification path for your skill level whether you ’re a beginner or a novice .
People choose Azure for different reasons .
Some want to get started in cloud IT while others want to level up in their career .
No matter where you ’re at in your career , Azure Fundamentals certification is a great place to start .
To learn how to pick the right Azure cloud certification path for you , read on .
Getting Started With Azure Certification
Some people are IT beginners , and that ’s fine .
They know nothing about the cloud , but they know that the demand for professionals skilled in cloud technology is high .
If the only thing you know about Microsoft is Office 365 , no worries .
You can begin your path with Azure Fundamental certification .
With Azure Fundamental certification , you will receive training that will help you understand cloud basics , even if you have n’t worked with anything more complex than MS Word .
It ’s tempting to want to jump right into role - based certifications .
However , it ’s important to build a strong foundation in cloud fundamentals .
Azure Fundamental certification prepares you for the next levels in role - based training .
It will also help you to become familiar with the certification testing process .
Once you learn the fundamentals , then it ’s time to start thinking about the roles that you want to pursue in working with cloud - based technology .
Depending on your preferences , there are different certifications .
As you research the various roles , make sure that you look into the requirements , skills , and exams for each certification .
May the Force Be With You : Choosing a Path
Other IT professionals have some knowledge about the cloud .
Students who fall into this category have limited IT experience .
They ’ve done some work with services such as Azure and are ready to learn more .
Accordingly , they ’re ready to jump right into role - based training , right ?
Not so fast .
Azure Fundamentals certification is still a good place to start for novice cloud specialists .
As with beginners , a strong grasp of the basics of cloud technology will prepare you for more advanced training .
Other Microsoft Azure certification candidates may already work with cloud - based technology .
However , they want to up their game .
Usually , this happens after someone sees a job title they want to pursue .
The next logical step is to go after certification that proves that they can fulfill the role .
In this instance , however , it ’s important to understand that certifications do n’t automatically qualify you for a role .
If you ’ve been eyeing that shiny , new job , you should investigate how closely Azure role - based certification aligns with the opening .
You may want to revise your job search to align with the skills that you learn during certification .
Either way , it ’s helpful to understand the skills you learn with each course .
The Lay of the Land : Microsoft Azure Learning Paths
Microsoft is sunsetting some of its well - known certifications .
These expiring certifications include :
• Microsoft Technology Associate ( MTA )
• Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate ( MCSA )
• Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer ( MCSD )
• Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert ( MCSE )
Now , Microsoft certification is more focused on roles , rather than products .
Moving forward , you can learn MTA skills by earning Azure Fundamentals certification .
You can earn the equivalent of MCSA credentials with Azure Associate Roles training .
Meanwhile , you can learn both MCSD and MCSE skills with Azure Expert Roles training .
With Azure Associate Roles training , you will learn how to monitor and maintain Azure products .
For example , you ’ll learn how to work with primary applications for computing , storing , networking , and securing data .
You ’ll learn the design , building , maintenance , and testing of cloud solutions with Azure Certified Solutions Architect training .
For instance , you ’ll learn to work with cloud solution architects , database administrators , and clients to deploy Azure .
Sometimes , you may hear the certification called Azure architect certification .
You may also hear it called Azure developer certification .
With the Azure Security Engineer Associate certification , you ’ll learn cybersecurity practices such as implementing controls , deploying cyber protection , and managing access and identities .
You ’ll also learn how to protect applications , data , and networks in cloud and hybrid cloud environments .
As an Azure DevOps Engineer expert , you ’ll learn to code valuable custom applications that help businesses meet their needs using the Microsoft platform .
This certification , however , focuses on more than Azure .
You ’ll also gain skills in current DevOps practices .
The Choice Is Yours : Introspection for Learners
Microsoft Azure certification is a phenomenal stepping - stone in a high - demand industry .
Today , many enterprises are embracing cloud services .
Analysts forecast that the demand for cloud computing will double in the next several years .
You can earn the skills needed to compete in the new age of cutting - edge cloud technology with Azure certification .
With Azure certification , you can give yourself a competitive advantage over noncertified peers .
It ’s an excellent way to start on the path to a secure job and a rewarding salary .
Staying in Tune With Tech
Today , Azure certification is your ticket to gain a foothold in one of the most in - demand careers around .
Tomorrow , however , you never know what new skills you may need .
Any IT guru worth their salt knows that the field is constantly changing .
As a tech professional , it ’s your job to stay on top of those trends .
You never know when a change — whether big or small — may impact your career or organization .
Bookmark the Donklephant.com
Tech section and visit frequently for the latest developments in information technology .
THIS afternoon , I listened to Axel Leijonhufvud give a very interesting ( and scary ) talk at the Graduate Institute in Geneva about the financial crisis .
He spoke about many things , but his account of the " unexploded bomb " of credit default swaps disturbed me .
Others have written on CDS , but until today I did n’t really get it .
Here is how I make sense of it .
Fact one — there are several dozen trillion dollars of these things out there — an amount that makes Paulson ’s $ 700 billion look like a rounding error .
Fact two — they are basically insurance policies on bond defaults that are written without regulation , so the usual insurance - industry practice of setting aside reserves does not apply .
Oh , and while the premia enter as bank income the pay - out obligations are not on their balance sheets .
Fact three — the large banks think they are hedged since they have " insurance policies " on both sides of the default events .
Hedged ?
In normal times , perhaps .
But imagine if one big issuer of these insurance policies went broke at roughly the same time that one of the insured bonds went bad — say , for instance , Ford bonds and a major Wall Street bank headquartered in Europe .
The Ford bond default would trigger a call for a huge payout by many banks , but the disappearance of one of the major issuers would wipe out the hedge that many other banks thought they had .
This would leave banks liable for a huge payout for which they would have no reserves .
This could trigger a wave of failures that would be very hard to stop given the size of the market .
Here is an account on Eurointelligence ( from February 2008 ) of where the CDS ' " unexploded ordinance " problem stands .
Satyajit Das writes :
The CDS market entails complex chains of risk .
This is similar to the re-insurance chains that proved so problematic in the case of Lloyds . …
Over the last year , securitisation and the CDO ( collateralised debt obligation ) market have become dysfunctional .
As the credit crisis deepens , the risk of actual defaults becomes real .
Analysts expect the level of defaults to increase .
The CDS market is about to be tested .
While there have been a few defaults , the market has not had to cope with a large number of defaults at the same time .
CDS contracts may experience problems and may be found wanting .
I hope the geniuses in the American and European governments are working on a contingency plan for a meltdown in the CDS market .
Given the size of this unexploded ordinance , let ’s hope they are working on it together .
Ben Fountain was an associate in the real - estate practice at the Dallas offices of Akin , Gump , Strauss , Hauer & Feld , just a few years out of law school , when he decided he wanted to write fiction .
The only thing Fountain had ever published was a law - review article .
His literary training consisted of a handful of creative - writing classes in college .
He had tried to write when he came home at night from work , but usually he was too tired to do much .
He decided to quit his job .
Picasso’s greatest works came early ; Cézanne ’s came late .
Illustration by Gerald Scarfe
“ I was tremendously apprehensive , ” Fountain recalls .
“ I felt like I ’d stepped off a cliff and I did n’t know if the parachute was going to open .
Nobody wants to waste their life , and I was doing well at the practice of law .
I could have had a good career .
And my parents were very proud of me — my dad was so proud of me .
. . .
It was crazy . ”
He began his new life on a February morning — a Monday .
He sat down at his kitchen table at 7:30 A.M.
He made a plan .
Every day , he would write until lunchtime .
Then he would lie down on the floor for twenty minutes to rest his mind .
Then he would return to work for a few more hours .
He was a lawyer .
He had discipline .
“ I figured out very early on that if I did n’t get my writing done I felt terrible .
So I always got my writing done .
I treated it like a job .
I did not procrastinate . ”
His first story was about a stockbroker who uses inside information and crosses a moral line .
It was sixty pages long and took him three months to write .
When he finished that story , he went back to work and wrote another — and then another .
In his first year , Fountain sold two stories .
He gained confidence .
He wrote a novel .
He decided it was n’t very good , and he ended up putting it in a drawer .
Then came what he describes as his dark period , when he adjusted his expectations and started again .
He got a short story published in Harper ’s .
A New York literary agent saw it and signed him up .
He put together a collection of short stories titled “ Brief Encounters with Che Guevara , ” and Ecco , a HarperCollins imprint , published it .
The reviews were sensational .
The Times Book Review called it “ heartbreaking . ”
It won the Hemingway Foundation / PEN award .
It was named a No. 1 Book Sense Pick .
It made major regional best - seller lists , was named one of the best books of the year by the San Francisco Chronicle , the Chicago Tribune , and Kirkus Reviews , and drew comparisons to Graham Greene , Evelyn Waugh , Robert Stone , and John le Carré .
Ben Fountain ’s rise sounds like a familiar story : the young man from the provinces suddenly takes the literary world by storm .
But Ben Fountain ’s success was far from sudden .
He quit his job at Akin , Gump in 1988 .
For every story he published in those early years , he had at least thirty rejections .
The novel that he put away in a drawer took him four years .
The dark period lasted for the entire second half of the nineteen - nineties .
His breakthrough with “ Brief Encounters ” came in 2006 , eighteen years after he first sat down to write at his kitchen table .
The “ young ” writer from the provinces took the literary world by storm at the age of forty - eight .
Genius , in the popular conception , is inextricably tied up with precocity — doing something truly creative , we ’re inclined to think , requires the freshness and exuberance and energy of youth .
Orson Welles made his masterpiece , “ Citizen Kane , ” at twenty - five .
Herman Melville wrote a book a year through his late twenties , culminating , at age thirty - two , with “ Moby - Dick . ”
Mozart wrote his breakthrough Piano Concerto No. 9 in E - Flat - Major at the age of twenty - one .
In some creative forms , like lyric poetry , the importance of precocity has hardened into an iron law .
How old was T. S. Eliot when he wrote “ The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock ” ( “ I grow old . . . I grow old ” ) ?
Twenty - three .
“ Poets peak young , ” the creativity researcher James Kaufman maintains .
Mihály Csíkszentmihályi , the author of “ Flow , ” agrees : “ The most creative lyric verse is believed to be that written by the young . ”
According to the Harvard psychologist Howard Gardner , a leading authority on creativity , “ Lyric poetry is a domain where talent is discovered early , burns brightly , and then peters out at an early age . ”
A few years ago , an economist at the University of Chicago named David Galenson decided to find out whether this assumption about creativity was true .
He looked through forty - seven major poetry anthologies published since 1980 and counted the poems that appear most frequently .
Some people , of course , would quarrel with the notion that literary merit can be quantified .
But Galenson simply wanted to poll a broad cross-section of literary scholars about which poems they felt were the most important in the American canon .
The top eleven are , in order , T. S. Eliot ’s “ Prufrock , ” Robert Lowell ’s “ Skunk Hour , ” Robert Frost ’s “ Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening , ” William Carlos Williams ’s “ Red Wheelbarrow , ” Elizabeth Bishop ’s “ The Fish , ” Ezra Pound ’s “ The River Merchant ’s Wife , ” Sylvia Plath ’s “ Daddy , ” Pound ’s “ In a Station of the Metro , ” Frost ’s “ Mending Wall , ” Wallace Stevens ’s “ The Snow Man , ” and Williams ’s “ The Dance . ”
Those eleven were composed at the ages of twenty - three , forty - one , forty - eight , forty , twenty - nine , thirty , thirty , twenty - eight , thirty - eight , forty - two , and fifty - nine , respectively .
There is no evidence , Galenson concluded , for the notion that lyric poetry is a young person ’s game .
Some poets do their best work at the beginning of their careers .
Others do their best work decades later .
Forty - two per cent of Frost ’s anthologized poems were written after the age of fifty .
For Williams , it ’s forty - four per cent .
For Stevens , it ’s forty - nine per cent .
The same was true of film , Galenson points out in his study “ Old Masters and Young Geniuses : The Two Life Cycles of Artistic Creativity . ”
Yes , there was Orson Welles , peaking as a director at twenty - five .
But then there was Alfred Hitchcock , who made “ Dial M for Murder , ” “ Rear Window , ” “ To Catch a Thief , ” “ The Trouble with Harry , ” “ Vertigo , ” “ North by Northwest , ” and “ Psycho ” — one of the greatest runs by a director in history — between his fifty - fourth and sixty - first birthdays .
Mark Twain published “ Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ” at forty - nine .
Daniel Defoe wrote “ Robinson Crusoe ” at fifty - eight .
The examples that Galenson could not get out of his head , however , were Picasso and Cézanne .
He was an art lover , and he knew their stories well .
Picasso was the incandescent prodigy .
His career as a serious artist began with a masterpiece , “ Evocation : The Burial of Casagemas , ” produced at age twenty .
In short order , he painted many of the greatest works of his career — including “ Les Demoiselles d’Avignon , ” at the age of twenty - six .
Picasso fit our usual ideas about genius perfectly .
Cézanne did n’t .
If you go to the Cézanne room at the Musée d’Orsay , in Paris — the finest collection of Cézannes in the world — the array of masterpieces you ’ll find along the back wall were all painted at the end of his career .
Galenson did a simple economic analysis , tabulating the prices paid at auction for paintings by Picasso and Cézanne with the ages at which they created those works .
A painting done by Picasso in his mid-twenties was worth , he found , an average of four times as much as a painting done in his sixties .
For Cézanne , the opposite was true .
The paintings he created in his mid-sixties were valued fifteen times as highly as the paintings he created as a young man .
The freshness , exuberance , and energy of youth did little for Cézanne .
He was a late bloomer — and for some reason in our accounting of genius and creativity we have forgotten to make sense of the Cézannes of the world .
The first day that Ben Fountain sat down to write at his kitchen table went well .
He knew how the story about the stockbroker was supposed to start .
But the second day , he says , he “ completely freaked out . ”
He did n’t know how to describe things .
He felt as if he were back in first grade .
He did n’t have a fully formed vision , waiting to be emptied onto the page .
“ I had to create a mental image of a building , a room , a façade , haircut , clothes — just really basic things , ” he says .
“ I realized I did n’t have the facility to put those into words .
I started going out and buying visual dictionaries , architectural dictionaries , and going to school on those . ”
He began to collect articles about things he was interested in , and before long he realized that he had developed a fascination with Haiti .
“ The Haiti file just kept getting bigger and bigger , ” Fountain says .
“ And I thought , O.K. , here ’s my novel .
For a month or two I said I really do n’t need to go there , I can imagine everything .
But after a couple of months I thought , Yeah , you ’ve got to go there , and so I went , in April or May of ’ 91 . ”
He spoke little French , let alone Haitian Creole .
He had never been abroad .
Nor did he know anyone in Haiti .
“ I got to the hotel , walked up the stairs , and there was this guy standing at the top of the stairs , ” Fountain recalls .
“ He said , ‘ My name is Pierre .
You need a guide . ’
I said , ‘ You ’re sure as hell right , I do . ’
He was a very genuine person , and he realized pretty quickly I did n’t want to go see the girls , I did n’t want drugs , I did n’t want any of that other stuff , ” Fountain went on .
“ And then it was , boom , ‘ I can take you there .
I can take you to this person . ’ ”
Fountain was riveted by Haiti .
“ It ’s like a laboratory , almost , ” he says .
“ Everything that ’s gone on in the last five hundred years — colonialism , race , power , politics , ecological disasters — it ’s all there in very concentrated form .
And also I just felt , viscerally , pretty comfortable there . ”
He made more trips to Haiti , sometimes for a week , sometimes for two weeks .
He made friends .
He invited them to visit him in Dallas .
( “ You have n’t lived until you ’ve had Haitians stay in your house , ” Fountain says . )
“ I mean , I was involved .
I could n’t just walk away .
There ’s this very nonrational , nonlinear part of the whole process .
I had a pretty specific time era that I was writing about , and certain things that I needed to know .
But there were other things I did n’t really need to know .
I met a fellow who was with Save the Children , and he was on the Central Plateau , which takes about twelve hours to get to on a bus , and I had no reason to go there .
But I went up there .
Suffered on that bus , and ate dust .
It was a hard trip , but it was a glorious trip .
It had nothing to do with the book , but it was n’t wasted knowledge . ”
In “ Brief Encounters with Che Guevara , ” four of the stories are about Haiti , and they are the strongest in the collection .
They feel like Haiti ; they feel as if they ’ve been written from the inside looking out , not the outside looking in .
“ After the novel was done , I do n’t know , I just felt like there was more for me , and I could keep going , keep going deeper there , ” Fountain recalls .
“ Always there ’s something — always something — here for me .
How many times have I been ?
At least thirty times . ”
Prodigies like Picasso , Galenson argues , rarely engage in that kind of open - ended exploration .
They tend to be “ conceptual , ” Galenson says , in the sense that they start with a clear idea of where they want to go , and then they execute it .
“ I can hardly understand the importance given to the word ‘ research , ’ ” Picasso once said in an interview with the artist Marius de Zayas .
“ In my opinion , to search means nothing in painting .
To find is the thing . ”
He continued , “ The several manners I have used in my art must not be considered as an evolution or as steps toward an unknown ideal of painting .
. . .
I have never made trials or experiments . ”
But late bloomers , Galenson says , tend to work the other way around .
Their approach is experimental .
“ Their goals are imprecise , so their procedure is tentative and incremental , ” Galenson writes in “ Old Masters and Young Geniuses , ” and he goes on :
If your manager tracks your time based on when you log in and out of your machine at work , then are you missing out on pay for the time you 're waiting for your machine to boot up and shut down ?
That 's what a series of lawsuits by employees from the likes of AT&T , UnitedHealth and Cigna demand .
Add those minutes up over a week , and hourly employees are losing some serious pay , argues plaintiffs ' lawyer Mark Thierman , a Las Vegas solo practitioner who has filed a handful of computer - booting lawsuits in recent years .
Advertisement
In other words , does the clock start when you show up at the office or when the computer first logs you into the company network ?
A lawyer representing the defense on one of the cases argues that the time is generally spent doing personal activities like taking a coffee break or going out for a smoke .
Are you getting stiffed time at your desk waiting for your operating system to startup ?
Photo by Andy Melton
Does Your Boss Have to Pay You While You Wait for Vista to Boot Up? [ via Slashdot ]
Obama promises return to global climate change negotiations Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday November 18 , 2008
Print This Email This President - elect Barack Obama promised the world that as president he would bring the US back to the table to negotiate climate change agreements between nations .
Obama spoke via video to the Governors ' Global Climate Summit in California on Monday .
" The United States can not meet this challenge alone .
Solving this problem will require all of us working together .
...
" Let me also say a special word to the delegates from around the world who will gather at Poland next month : your work is vital to the planet .
While I wont be President at the time of your meeting and while the United States has only one President at a time , Ive asked Members of Congress who are attending the conference as observers to report back to me on what they learn there .
" And once I take office , you can be sure that the United States will once again engage vigorously in these negotiations , and help lead the world toward a new era of global cooperation on climate change .
The conference , organized by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , featured governors from around the country and representatives from several countries .
Obama pushed his plan to implement a cap - and - trade system to regulate carbon emissions and reiterated his goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 80 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 .
Video of Obama 's speech was posted to YouTube :
Transcript :
Let me begin by thanking the bipartisan group of U.S. governors who convened this meeting .
Few challenges facing America  and the world  are more urgent than combating climate change .
The science is beyond dispute and the facts are clear .
Sea levels are rising .
Coastlines are shrinking .
Weve seen record drought , spreading famine , and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season .
Climate change and our dependence on foreign oil , if left unaddressed , will continue to weaken our economy and threaten our national security .
I know many of you are working to confront this challenge .
In particular , I want to commend Governor Sebelius , Governor Doyle , Governor Crist , Governor Blagojevich and your host , Governor Schwarzenegger all of you have shown true leadership in the fight to combat global warming .
And weve also seen a number of businesses doing their part by investing in clean energy technologies .
But too often , Washington has failed to show the same kind of leadership .
That will change when I take office .
My presidency will mark a new chapter in Americas leadership on climate change that will strengthen our security and create millions of new jobs in the process .
That will start with a federal cap and trade system .
We will establish strong annual targets that set us on a course to reduce emissions to their 1990 levels by 2020 and reduce them an additional 80 % by 2050 .
Further , we will invest $ 15 billion each year to catalyze private sector efforts to build a clean energy future .
We will invest in solar power , wind power , and next generation biofuels .
We will tap nuclear power , while making sure its safe .
And we will develop clean coal technologies .
This investment will not only help us reduce our dependence on foreign oil , making the United States more secure .
And it will not only help us bring about a clean energy future , saving our planet .
It will also help us transform our industries and steer our country out of this economic crisis by generating five million new green jobs that pay well and cant be outsourced .
But the truth is , the United States cannot meet this challenge alone .
Solving this problem will require all of us working together .
I understand that your meeting is being attended by government officials from over a dozen countries , including the UK , Canada and Mexico , Brazil and Chile , Poland and Australia , India and Indonesia .
And I look forward to working with all nations to meet this challenge in the coming years .
Let me also say a special word to the delegates from around the world who will gather at Poland next month : your work is vital to the planet .
While I wont be President at the time of your meeting and while the United States has only one President at a time , Ive asked Members of Congress who are attending the conference as observers to report back to me on what they learn there .
And once I take office , you can be sure that the United States will once again engage vigorously in these negotiations , and help lead the world toward a new era of global cooperation on climate change .
Now is the time to confront this challenge once and for all .
Delay is no longer an option .
Denial is no longer an acceptable response .
The stakes are too high .
The consequences , too serious .
Stopping climate change wont be easy .
It wont happen overnight .
But I promise you this :
When I am President , any governor whos willing to promote clean energy will have a partner in the White House .
Any company that s willing to invest in clean energy will have an ally in Washington .
And any nation that s willing to join the cause of combating climate change will have an ally in the United States of America .
Thank you .
Help me
Fix
It close
Fix it yourself with our step - by - step Repair Help .
Comedian Tommy Chong has felt the sting of the Bush administration ’s war on all things related to marijuana .
For Chong , the nightmare began in February 2003 , when police helicopters and a bunch of agents with dogs launched an early - morning raid on his suburban Los Angeles home .
In the acclaimed documentary a/k / a Tommy Chong , Chong says the cops first told him he was n’t under arrest .
In fact , they were busting his Internet bong - selling business as part of a massive U.S. government crackdown called Operation Pipe Dreams .
After U.S. drug agents tricked staff at the family company into shipping bongs illegally to Pennsylvania , Chong pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute drug paraphernalia in order to spare his son and wife from prosecution .
He was sentenced to nine months in jail on the second anniversary of the 9/11 attacks .
“ The ultimate aim was to bring me down , ” Chong says in the film , which explores how U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan tried to link Chong ’s film and comedy work to drug abuse in America .
That attracted outrage from civil libertarians , who claimed this violated Chong ’s constitutional right to freedom of speech .
The case turned Chong into a symbol of the absurdity of the war on drugs .
In a recent interview with Straight contributor Guy MacPherson , Chong said that he was operating in a “ gray area , much like Marc Emery is now ” , because of an archaic law .
Chong noted that Barack Obama ’s vice - presidential candidate , Joe Biden , wrote the law that banned shipping drug paraphernalia through the mail .
Despite this , Chong expressed optimism that he will clear his record as a result of the U.S. presidential election .
“ The first thing I ’m gonna do when Obama gets sworn in is get my record expunged — my felony conviction , ” Chong said .
“ There ’s a way to do it .
What you do [ is ] change your plea from guilty to innocent , and if they accept the plea ” ¦then they just wipe it off and say , ” ˜Okay , you ’re no longer a felon . ’ ”
Vancouver pot-seed vendor Emery , on the other hand , is n’t feeling nearly as optimistic about Obama ’s election .
That ’s because Obama appears set to appoint Eric Holder as attorney general .
Holder , like Biden , has been a supporter of the war on drugs and also served as deputy attorney general in the Clinton administration .
During the first three years of the Clinton administration , 1.5 million Americans were arrested on marijuana charges .
By 1999 , that increased to 4.2 million .
“ It was the largest increase ever , and this guy was the deputy attorney general at the time , ” Emery said .
He and his two Vancouver coaccused , Michelle Rainey and Greg Williams , face charges of conspiracy to manufacture marijuana , conspiracy to sell seeds , and conspiracy to launder money , in an indictment filed in Seattle in 2005 .
Emery said the U.S. government is claiming that by sending seeds to U.S. citizens , he entered into a conspiracy with the buyers to grow marijuana .
“ On [ The ] Lou Dobbs [ Show ] , for example — we have the footage — they said I was the largest producer of marijuana in the history of the U.S. justice system , ” he said .
“ They ’re attributing me with 1.1 million pounds of marijuana — 100,000 pounds a year . ”
As for the money - laundering charge , Emery alleged that profits went to charities and activist groups .
“ So the money - laundering is actually all of the political stuff I did that I ’m kind of proud of , ” he quipped .
The extradition hearing is scheduled to start next June in B.C. Supreme Court .
Emery claimed that MPs could pass a resolution ordering Attorney General Rob Nicholson not to extradite the trio .
Emery emphasized that under the Extradition Act , Nicholson can intervene in the process at any time and state that Canada will not send him to the United States .
“ What I would recommend is they charge me in Canada with what they want to charge in the United States , and we ’ll see what a judge here thinks about that , ” Emery said .
Surprised , something like this is on cnn .
Dangerous chemical found in three leading brands of bottled water
Chemicals linked to genital abnormalities in babies have been found in three of Britain ’s leading bottled water brands .
Scientists tested the 10 best - selling types of mineral water that use plastic seals inside aluminium caps on glass bottles .
Six were revealed to contain PVC and of those , three - Highland Spring , Hildon and Strathmore - had leached chemicals in PVC known as phthalates into the water .
Warning : Dangerous chemicals - known as phthalates - have been detected in bottled water from three leading brands
Phthalates , which are used to soften plastics to make them bendy , have been banned in the EU for toys that children can put in their mouths .
Studies have shown a strong correlation between mothers exposed to high levels of phthalates during pregnancy and genital abnormalities known as hypospadias in young boys .
However , there is no legislation in Britain banning the use of phthalates in food or drink packaging .
In America the Toy Manufacturers Association has voluntarily stopped the use of phthalates in toys for children under three .
David Santillo , senior scientist at the Greenpeace Research Laboratory , said : ' On its own you are not going to get a serious dose from bottled water but it is part of the drip , drip of exposure .
' The fact that it can be detected in water at all is remarkable and suggests that very high levels of phthalates are being used in the caps . '
A spokesman for the Food Standards Agency said the levels of phthalates found did not exceed EU safety levels .
Brands such as San Pellegrino and Evian do not use PVC in packaging .
A Highland Spring spokesperson said water quality was the company 's top priority , and all their water was ' perfectly safe to drink ' .
The company said the caps tested were manufactured under the previous industry standard , but it no longer used PVC .
' Phthalates occur naturally in the environment and are commonly found in food and drink products , household items , medical devices and tap water , ' the spokesperson said .
' Trace elements were found in Highland Spring but the miniscule 0.005 mg/l sample was 99.7 per cent lower than the EU safe limit of 1.5 mg/l . '
A happily married woman .
The owner of the cutest dog ever .
A journalism graduate .
A girl who just loves sports and beer , preferably at the same time .
A computer programmer working at Yahoo's Indian facility was the spin-doctor of India 's most - wanted Islamic terrorist orgainsation , Islamic Mujahideen , police said today .
The group has claimed responsibility for coordinated bomb blasts in three Indian cities this summer , which killed more than 120 people .
Investigators say Mohammed Mansoor Asghar Peerbhoy , 31 , was the head of a " media terror cell " which comprised of " highly qualified , computer - savvy people belonging to good and educated families " who had drafted emails sent just before or just after blasts in Delhi , Ahmedabad in Gujarat , and Jaipur in Rajasthan .
Peerbhoy , who police said speaks " good English " , works with Yahoo as a principal software engineer and takes home 1.9 m rupees a year
( £ 22,600 ) .
He lives in Pune , a city known for its IT companies in western India , and visited the US for work several times without arousing any suspicion .
His story makes for an unlikely terror suspect : his father built a
business as a wholesale fruit supplier to the Indian army .
One of his brothers is a doctor in the UK , while another is an architect .
According to the Hindu newspaper , Peerbhoy " radicalised himself " after a pilgrimage to Mecca in 2004 .
Other reports say he was " groomed " by Islamists after taking Arabic lessons .
However , in a series of interviews with local media , Peerbhoy 's family said he had been falsely implicated - calling his arrest an attempt to " defame the Muslim community " .
Speaking to the Times of India , one of the family members , who refused to be identified , said , " We do n't how he has been targeted and implicated in the case .
We know that he will not do anything wrong … .
Mohammed is a highly qualified person and we are a very respectable family . "
Mumbai police arrested 15 men who they claim planned to bomb the city during the current holiday season .
Peerbhoy 's role – along with two other software engineers - is alleged to have been hacking into unsecured wireless internet sites in Mumbai to send emails that spoke of " blowing apart your tourism structure … and demolishing your ( Hindu ) faith in the dirty mud " .
However , many are beginning to suspect that a rash of announcements about " Islamist masterminds " have more to do with political pressures than justice .
" The conviction rate is less than 5 % in these so - called cases , " said Tarun Tejpal of Tehelka magazine .
" We simply ask where is the evidence in these cases ?
What I think is
happening is that we have a 24 - hour hysterical media which forces
politicians and police to act or to show they are acting . "
Mumbai police had originally said that a man called Subhan Qureshi ,
also known as Tauqeer , was the most wanted man in the country for
sending the emails .
Yesterday , Rakesh Maria , the joint commissioner of Mumbai police , said Tauqeer was a " media creation " .
Meanwhile , Yahoo's public relations manager did not respond to emails sent by the Guardian today .
Earlier , a spokesman said the company had received no official communication from the police .
" We will abide by the law and extend all cooperation " .
McCain veers off script to bash Obama ' infomercial ' David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday October 28 , 2008
Print This Email This Slams World Series delay that netted Fox $ 1M John McCain panned Barack Obama 's purchase of a half - hour of airtime Wednesday , potentially delaying the start of a World Series game by about 15 minutes .
McCain was in the middle of a riff about the presumptuousness of Obama -- who leads in virtually every poll and is predicted to win the presidency by just about every political observer not drawing a paycheck from the McCain campaign -- preparing to work with Congress and move into the White House .
" By the way , " McCain cracked , " no one will delay the World Series game with an infomercial when I 'm president . "
The line , which did not appear in McCain 's prepared remarks , referred to Obama 's purchase of the 8 to 8:30 p.m. time slot on CBS , NBC and Fox , which is broadcasting the World Series .
Game five is set to resume Wednesday after Obama 's commercial .
McCain is not immune to meddling with sports schedules , though .
The NFL started the broadcast of its season opener 90 minutes early to avoid conflicting with McCain 's Republican Convention speech earlier this summer .
Major League Baseball accommodated Obama 's desire to broadcast his half - hour message , allowing Fox to charge $ 1 million for the airtime -- more than CBS and NBC .
Fox said it would offer McCain the same opportunity to air a half - hour spot .
A potential sixth game of the Series was scheduled for Wednesday night at 8 p.m. , but Major League Baseball moved the start time to 8:35 to accommodate the Obama advertisement .
The Philadelphia Phillies lead the Tampa Bay Rays three games to one in the series .
Game 5 was suspended Monday night because of rain , and it is now scheduled to resume Wednesday at 8:37 p.m .
ABC waited to late to agree to Obama 's offer to purchase the slot , so the network will air its regular Wednesday night programming .
Obama has vastly outspent McCain on advertising this fall , largely because of his decision to forgo public financing .
McCain , who limited himself to $ 84 million in public funding since September , has criticized Obama for breaking his promise earlier in the campaign to agree to the same limits .
Obama raised $ 150 million in September alone and has raked in more than $ 600 million over the duration of his campaign .
It is because of these unprecedented numbers that Obama is able to purchase such pricey airtime less than a week before Election Day .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast October 28 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
You can refill these phone cards at any time in your account online or over the phone .
ComFi is the leading retailer of online international calling cards because we work hard to satisfy the phone card needs of each and every consumer .
We carry a wide selection of the best prepaid calling cards available and believe that all customers , whether they 're looking to call internationally with cheap phone cards or hoping to save on domestic calls within the United States , deserve to experience quality calling card service .
We have Customer Service Representatives available 24/7 for prepaid phone card assistance and offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee on all of our international phone cards and domestic calling cards and we 're sure that you 'll love using our refillable phone cards and calling card services .
Our prepaid calling services evolved into much more than just phone cards :
PIN - Less Dialing - Register phone number (s ) you call from and use your phone card without entering a PIN
Wholesale & corporate accounts - Master Account provides with PINs management tools and reports , Web API
ComFi Affiliate Program - Create your own Online Phone Cards Shop .
Build your own International Sales Network and make it grow to multiply your income !
We Offer
Knowledge Base
OK , so this may be a bit overkill , but I wanted to share with you some of my photography feeds that I try to keep up with .
I ’m subscribed to a little over 200 feeds , and just over half of those are about photography .
Below are 87 of the photography blogs I follow , though some more closely than others .
So if you ’re looking for more reading material , I ’m sure you can find one or two in this list that suit your needs .
I tried categorizing everything , but there are several blogs that cover many topics and I was having a hard time coming up with concise categories .
So basically , you ’ll have to dig around .
The blogs I find more interesting are near the top of the list , but it ’s not an exact ranking of favoritism .
If you ’re new to feed reading and the world of RSS , take a look at the Problogger ’s explanation of RSS technology .
And before you hit this list , DON ’T FORGET TO SUBSCRIBE TO MY FEED if you have n’t already .
You can also see all of the feeds I subscribe to via my Google Reader shared items for my “ Photography ” and “ Photos ” folders ( thanks for the idea Bryan ) .
And also many thanks to Alick for putting together an OPML file for those in the list .
UPDATE : I knew this would happen — I forgot one two .
Lau reminded me that her site was n’t in the list , and it IS in my feed reader ; has been for some time now .
Then Chris mentioned his being missing too .
So here ’s the 87th +1 and +2 on the list .
Want more great projects , amazing photos , Photoshop tips , and articles on photography ?
Subscribe to Epic Edits today ( free ! ) so you do n’t miss a thing .
California voters overturned same - sex marriage rights in a vote that stands to affect how the issue plays out elsewhere in the nation .
Proposition 8 , which would establish marriage as a union between a man and a woman , passed with 52.1 % of the vote , against 47.9 % opposed , with 94.6 % of precincts reporting .
The approval marks a stunning upset in a $ 70 million campaign that just weeks ago looked to be running in favor of preserving gay marriage rights .
The ...
So here ’s an idea .
Instead of building a half - assed copy of yourself , why not build a half - assed copy of your favorite celebrity ?
Why bore everyone with Bearded Sunglasses Dude # 57 or Green Shirt Wearing Gal # 124 when you can terrify everyone with a Frankenstein version of Mario , Lara Croft , Chuck Norris or Sarah Palin ?
Below are 20 famous / fictional folks for you to choose between .
I got surprisingly close on some ; I felllaughably short on others .
If you ’ve had more success , or want to share your own bizarre creations , please post a picture in our forums .
Okay , so he looks more ready to serve you burgers and fries than save any princesses , but the gloves , hat and mustache go a long way .
If Microsoftowned Nintendo , this is whatI imagine Mariomight look like .
Yeah yeah , the shorts are n't short enough .
Since you can't change any of the avatar clothing 's color , though , it was either these or a pair of hot pink stripper shorts .
Hmm , maybeI should rethink this ...
Credit for this one goes to PlayStation Editor Mikel Reparaz .
The eye scar was the inspiration , obviously , but he also found a clever workaround for the shirtless tattoo .
You do have to squint a bit .
The tracksuit pants .
The disappearing hairline .
The murderin ' gloves .
The general New Jersey vibe .
If I have n't recreated Niko Bellic here , I 've at least succeeded at a younger Tony Soprano .
This blog contains reflections and thoughts on my work as a software engineer
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
The rat plague is expected twice a century
The state 's heavy flowering bamboo crops attract hordes of rats , a phenomenon known locally as Mautam .
Not only do the rats thrive on the bamboo flowers , they also then go on to destroy the farmers ' crops .
The Mizoram council of ministers has doubled daily wage rates so that villagers can cope with food shortages .
Wanton destruction
" We have also decided to increase the weekly allotment of rice to the villagers so that they have enough to eat , " Mizoram Home Minister Tony Tawnluia said after a meeting of the council .
Every adult villager is now getting 2 kg of rice per week - with minors receiving half that amount .
" We have ordered the district officials to immediately increase the wage rates and food grain supply , " Mr Tawnluia said .
Mizoram has been reeling under an acute shortage of food grain because of the wanton destruction of crops by rodents .
The rat population has multiplied several times because of the abundance of food created by the flowering of bamboo crops .
The food crisis has been made worse by the massive destruction caused by unprecedented monsoon downpours this year , which damaged hundreds of homes , roads , fish ponds and paddy fields .
The state government has declared Mizoram a " disaster area " , and has asked the central government for extra cash to mitigate the suffering of the people .
Most Mizo farmers have not sowed rice or corn this year , fearful that the rats would eat all their crops .
' Damage control '
Plant Protection Officer James Lalsiamliana says that Mautam struck the Mizo Hills in 1910 - 11 and again in 1958 - 59 .
He says that it is now back with a vengeance .
" It will affect more than 30 % of Mizoram 's land area and much of the area where crops are grown , " he said .
" It can not be stopped , we can only do damage control . "
A report by India 's forest and environment ministry predicts that at least 5,100 sq km of Mizoram 's forest area ( out of a total of 6,446 sq km of forest ) will be affected by the Mautam in 2007 .
Gathering the rat tails together - each one is worth one rupee
More than half of Mizoram 's population of nearly 900,000 people are farmers .
The Mizoram agriculture department anticipates a crop shortfall of at least 75 % in 2007 - 2008 because of farmers not planting .
Desperate to control the rising rat population , the state government announced a reward of one rupee for every rat killed .
During 2006 alone more than 200,000 rats were killed .
The killing continues but the rats keep coming in hordes .
Mr Lalsiamliana told the BBC 1.2 m rats have been killed in Mizoram since 1 October and the government is now paying two rupees for each rat -tail .
It was in October 2005 that the initial heavy flowering of the bamboo was first noticed at Chawngtlai bamboo forest in the southern district of Champhai .
It then spread rapidly in 2006 and the situation is now worsening .
Posted by lukeprog under non-God
White to move .
Forced mate in 517 moves ( no joke ! ) .
Can you find it ? 🙂
WASHINGTON — Representative Charles B. Rangel said on Wednesday that “ cultural and language barriers ” had hindered him from understanding the finances of his Dominican Republic beach house , and vowed to repay several thousand dollars in federal taxes he owes after failing to report $ 75,000 in rental income from the villa .
At a Capitol Hill news conference , during which he was by turns remorseful and combative , the congressman said that he had not been aware of the income and unpaid taxes in part because he had trouble getting detailed financial statements from the resort ’s managers in the Dominican Republic .
“ Every time I thought I was getting somewhere , they ’d start speaking Spanish , ” Mr. Rangel said .
The explanation was greeted with skepticism and surprise by some people in his district , where Spanish is the primary language in nearly half the households and even Mr. Rangel ’s own Congressional Web site can be instantly translated to Spanish with just two clicks of a computer mouse .
The congressman brushed aside calls that he step down as chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee , and accused Republicans who have demanded that he do so of trying to exploit his financial missteps .
Newly - freed terrorist Samir Kuntar continued his post - incarceration career this week with an appearance at the Syrian - Israeli border on the Golan Heights .
Earlier in the day Kuntar had received Syria ’s Order of Merit ( or according to other reports , an honorary title as sergeant ) from President Bashar Assad in a meeting in Damascus .
At the Golan border Kuntar , a Lebanese Druze , was backed by hundreds of Syrian Druze and shouted to a few hundred Israeli Druze : “ I ’m telling you , President Assad will soon wave the Syrian flag over the Golan . ”
Kuntar was released by Israel in July in an exchange for the bodies of the two Israeli soldiers kidnapped by Hezbollah two years before that , a kidnapping that sparked the Second Lebanon War .
He had been jailed since 1979 for murdering three people as part of a terrorist attack in the Israeli coastal town of Nahariya .
Some Israelis were appalled at the swap — which included four other live terrorists and the bodies of two hundred others along with Kuntar — particularly given the special heinousness of Kuntar ’s crimes .
In Nahariya back on April 22 , 1979 , after killing a policeman , he took a man and his four - year - old daughter hostage down to the beach , shot the man dead in front of the daughter , then killed the girl by smashing her head on the rocks .
Assad feted him on Monday with the words : “ His being here with us and his determination to promote Arab rights , despite everything he ’s been through , has turned him into a symbol of the struggle for freedom across the Arab world and the whole world . ”
But it was just the latest in the encomiums Kuntar has garnered since being freed .
It started back on July 16 , the day of his release , when Lebanon awarded him a state ceremony at Beirut Airport where he was officially received by President Michel Suleiman , Prime Minister Fouad Siniora , and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri .
The festivities continued the next day in his home village of Aabey where Walid Jumblatt , a fellow Druze and leader of the Progressive Socialist Party , and Mohammad Fneish , labor minister and Hezbollah official , sang his praises to the crowd .
At the time Israeli Middle East scholar Barry Rubin wrote that “ No one in the Arabic - speaking world will say a single negative word about Kuntar ’s deed or his being made a hero , despite a small liberal minority ’s disgust . ”
Also getting in on the act was Palestinian Authority president and much - lauded , purported moderate Mahmoud Abbas , who sent greetings to Kuntar as his Fatah party organized a rally in Ramallah to celebrate Kuntar ’s release and the return of the remains of a legendary Palestinian female terrorist .
That was n’t enough for Abbas , who in late August met with Kuntar in Beirut during a visit to Lebanon .
Though Kuntar ’s treatment since being freed is just one , if perhaps particularly striking , small detail in the Arab world ’s anti-Israeli ethos , it offers a convenient dividing line between two mindsets on Israel ’s conflict with the Arabs .
On one side are those who take note of the lionization of this child - killer , talk about it and write about it , feel shocked and that it perhaps even goes beyond their already dim expectations .
On the other side are those for whom it makes no difference — not even the fact that both extreme figures like the Hezbollah minister and Syrian dictator Assad , and moderate or reputedly moderate figures like Siniora and Abbas , take part in glorifying Kuntar as a hero and a model .
For instance , for Brent Scowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski in the Washington Post last Friday , “ the current situation is such that the opportunity for success [ in Israeli - Palestinian peacemaking ] has never been greater . ”
But for veteran peace processor Aaron David Miller in an article two days later , “ a conflict - ending agreement between Israelis and Palestinians may no longer be possible . …
I would … suggest to President - elect Barack Obama … that he recognize there ’s no deal in this negotiation now .
…
Instead , go all - out for an Israeli - Syrian agreement . ”
Among the optimists on the Syrian tack count also part of the Israeli defense establishment , which believes Assad can be lured out of his deep enmeshment in the terror axis with the Golan Heights and other Western favors .
As for outgoing Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert , after living most of his life as a skeptical hawk he now sees peace sprouting all over and is an enthusiast of both the Palestinian and Syrian tacks .
It ’s true that Israel signed a peace treaty three decades back with Sadat of Egypt ; he lost his life for it soon after , and today Egypt is an epicenter of anti-Semitism and Sinai is — under Cairo ’s at best neglectful eye — a smuggling route for the ever - mounting Hamas war on Israel from Gaza .
It ’s also true Israel has an important , stabilizing peace with the Jordanian government , while the population remains among the most anti-Semitic in the world .
And when it comes to Syria and the Palestinians , the territories in question — the Golan and the West Bank , respectively — are of even greater security significance than Gaza , whose loss has meant daily rocket fire on southern Israel .
But for the unflappable peace - mongers , Israel ca n’t hand over the Golan and the West Bank , as well , to the Kuntar - admirers too soon ; some of us are n’t that stupid .
WELCOME
After 24 years as a family - owned , neighborhood toy store , the joy we get from helping you find the perfect toy , book or gift never gets old .
What we love is seeing kids and adults alike playing in the store .
It ’s a fantastic way for us to learn what age a toy is best suited for , if the toy is safe and durable and most importantly whether it ’s FUN !
Our staff of Toy Experts are always eager to share their knowledge .
We hope to see you in the store but we ’re happy you visited us here .
Shop online and ship , or pick up at one of our stores .
Make a wish list while you ’re here .
Visit us on Facebook and sign up to receive our email with the latest toy news and events .
We extend a warm welcome to all -
COME PLAY WITH US !
Jane and Jonny
Old friend and longtime comrade Jack Shimek writes , “ I 'm looking for an MLL pamphlet called : ‘ Our Enemy , the Party ’ — did n't you do an update of that pamphlet ?
I can't seem to find it anywhere . ”
Well , I did update a few of the late Samuel Edward Konkin III ’s old Movement of the Libertarian Left pamphlets a few years back ; you can find links to them along the right side of this blog and at Agorism .
info .
But alas , Sam ’s classic handout “ Our Enemy , The Party ” was n’t among them .
What ’s worse , a quick online search indicates that the text is nowhere to be found on the Internet .
Since Election
Day approaches rapidly , and there are still plenty of unimaginative “ libertarians ” out there who consider the vote sacred , I offer here the full text of MLL Issue Pamphlet # 5 , “ Our Enemy , The Party , ” written by SEK3 and published in 1980 ( later reissued by Sam in 1987 ) :
Introduction
In 1935 , proto-libertarian Albert J. Nock wrote his seminal analysis of the nature of government and society : Our Enemy , The State .
During the Dark Ages of Libertarianism ( between the Fall of Benjamin Tucker [ 1908 ] to the rise of Murray Rothbard [ 1965 - 70 ] the leading libertarian thinkers have warned freedom - seekers against participation in the political process , that is , against vote - chasing and power - seeking .
Nock , his disciple Frank Chodorov , H.L. Mencken , Isabel Patterson , Rose Wilder Lane , Leonard Read , and Robert LeFevre all sought to enlighten , instruct , and possibly sound the alarm .
Chodorov and LeFevre were both instrumental in organizing activist libertarians — Chodorov ’s Intercollegiate Society of Individualists ( ISI ) in the 1950s and LeFevre ’s Libertarian Alliance in the 1960s .
All warned against supporting any politician under any circumstances .
Now , in 1980 , the blight of politician libertarianism , that absurd oxymoron based on abolishing rule by the State but accepting rule by a political party — partyarchy — has crested .
Our current leading thinker and essayist admits all partyarch activity to date is deceit and failure .
But still the concept lives on .
This self - destructive “ heresy ” will probably linger on until the State is finally abolished from Man ’s mind , but it can be reduced to an insignificant minority of no influence in the immediate future by vigorous activism and refutation .
To this end , to save us another twenty years in the Dark Ages for Liberty , this pamphlet is written .
Our Enemy , The State
For those still pursuing the hopeless utopia of “ limited ” government ( minarchy ) , there is little of substance to be said .
In a nutshell , the State is the monopolization of coercion — initiatory violence .
Any defensive acts are incidental to its essence .
To a libertarian , such coercion is the only social immorality .
( Personal immorality is the individual ’s problem . )
Hence the State is the institutional monopolization of immorality , evil , altruism , irrationality , and / or whatever you call it in your belief system .
Having got this far , one must ask if one is cursed with obeying this monster until it agrees to limit and abolish itself , remaining in complicity with its plunder and murder ( taxation and war ) , or if one should break with it immediately ( taking care of obvious threats to one ’s life ) and thenceforward living statelessly .
The gradualist , conservative , “ philosophical anarchist ” makes the first choice ; the rest select the moral course .
But yet another choice faces the would - be consistent libertarian : having chosen abolitionism over gradualism , one must choose the mechanism by which one obtains the free society .
Is it to be the political means or the economic means — Power or Market ?
The Case For Consistency
Can means inconsistent with an end ever achieve that end ?
Can violence obtain peace , can slavery obtain freedom , can plunder protect against theft ?
The statist who pursues war , conscription and taxation answers yes .
The libertarian responds no .
Then why will an abolitionist anarchist pursue political means to abolish the political process ?
The end of the libertarian is a voluntary society where the market has replaced the government , where economics functions without politics .
The purpose of politics is the maintenance , extension and controlling of the State — power .
The market lies not on the road to power but on the road away .
Consistency to a libertarian means not some floating abstraction of non-contradicting philosophy but a consistency of theory with reality , of ideology and practice , of what ought to be and what is done .
Complying with laws and procedure is necessary for the political route ; one ’s psychology becomes attuned to parliamentarianism , procedure and compromise , coalitions and betrayals , glad - handing and back - stabbing , elation at the ephemeral approval of others rather than one ’s own achievements .
Thus is one conditioned for living successfully in the State .
Pursuing the market anarchy directly through counter - economics , one ’s psychology becomes attuned to supply - demand calculations , risk - taking , commerce with those of similar self - interest — hence inherently trustworthy , to salesmanship , and to elation at personal achievement ( profit ) and the self - correcting negative feelings accompanying loss .
Thus is one self - programmed for living successfully — in a marketplace .
The consistent , or counter - economic , libertarian — agorist — suffers none of the frustrations arising from the self - contradictions of the political libertarian — partyarch .
The State loses by each free transaction committed in defiance or evasion of its laws , regulations and taxes ; the State gains by every compliance with , acceptance of , and payment to its institutions .
Thus does agorism create anarchy and partyarchy preserve the State .
Our Enemy , The Party
Any “ Libertarian ” Party is immoral , inconsistent , unhistorical ( see revisionist accounts of similar parties in the past : the Philosophic Radicals , the Liberty Party , the Free Soilers , and many others ) , psychologically frustrating and thoroughly counter - productive .
Worst of all , such an LP may be the savior of the State .
Assume , as is the case in 1980 , that a majority of vote - eligible citizens ( in the U.S. as it happens ) are poised not to vote .
And as the counter - economy grows and the State ’s sanction recedes , the tax - starved monster teeters on desertion of its unpaid enforcers and thus final collapse .
The Higher Circle of the State stand to lose their power , privilege and centuries of ill - gotten gain .
When suddenly the “ L ” P springs to the rescue .
Those who would send the taxman away now pay to keep their voting privilege and their record clean to run for office .
Those who would violate laws and evade regulations now maintain the system to do away with it at a later , more expedient time .
And those who would dodge or defend against the State ’s enforcers “ accept the result of a democratic election . ”
Consider the fate of a heroic agorist who , at an earlier time of trust of “ fellow libertarians ” incautiously had spoken of her activities to be used as example to others , is turned in for her black marketeering by a libertarian who feels “ the time is not right for revolution . ”
She is arrested by Libertarians working their way through the system to reform it — as police .
She is locked up … by a Libertarian working his way through the system to reform it — as a turnkey .
She is tried … by a Libertarian working his way through the system — as a judge .
And she is executed … by a Libertarian working his way through the system to reform it — as an executioner .
So ends up partyarchy at its logical conclusion .
The Rôle of Activism
The agorist — consistent libertarian — has many alternatives to wasting time helping preserve the State and its system through politics .
Undoubtedly there are rewards for some ( though not all ) for the political path where the Power Elite shower rewards on those who most successfully co-opt opposition and harness revolutionary fervor to maintain at least some of the State and its privilege .
But the agorist can be amply rewarded in the counter - economy in both the material and personal sense for entrepreneurial activities .
And there is a vital rôle for agorist activists — for that much - acclaimed cadre .
There are tens of millions of counter - economists in North America , and even more in the world at large .
Few understand or have even heard of a philosophy of living that is consistent , moral and would free these true marketeers of residual guilt laid on them by the court intellectuals .
Enlighten and interconnect these millions and one will have a fully conscious , efficacious and expanding society imbedded within the malfunctioning statist one , collapsing from wars , terrorism , runaway inflation , and stultifying bureaucracy .
And soon it shall be the society .
That is the goal of the revolutionary agorist cadre of counter - economic practitioners and libertarian theorists .
And the Movement of the Libertarian Left is working to build that alliance .
Join us .
Or seek the free society in your own , consistent way .
But give no aid to Our Enemy , The Party .
For a change of pace today , I ’ll present an incorrect proof of a simple proposition .
The diligent reader can work out the location of the mistake before reading on , where I will present a modified proposition , and correct proof , before discussing the mistake in detail .
Proposition :
If is a field and is a cardinal less than , then a vector space over cannot be written as a union of of its proper subspaces .
Questionable Proof : Suppose that is a collection of proper subspaces of , which cover .
We can assume that no proper subcollection covers .
( we can remove the superfluous elements from our collection if this is not the case )
This implies that for each , there exists some such that for .
Take any , and consider the set .
This set has cardinality , and each element lies in some , so by the pigeonhole principle , two of these elements must lie in the same , say and .
Subtracting , we see that , so .
Therefore .
Similarly , we see that , so , contradiction .
The above proposition is , unfortunately , false .
To see this , take to be a real vector space with countably infinite basis , and for each , let be the vector space generated by , .
Then covers , even though it is a set of cardinality .
We need to add a condition to the proposition , but this time the proof is correct .
Modified Proposition :
If is a field and is a cardinal less than , then a finite dimensional vector space over cannot be written as a union of of its proper subspaces .
Proof :
We proceed by induction on the dimension .
If has dimension , then any union of proper subspaces must be the zero space , so the statement is trivial .
Now assume that has dimension and the proposition has been proved for all vector spaces of dimension .
First , observe that there are at least subspaces of of dimension .
For if are a basis for , then we can take the subspaces generated by for .
Suppose that we are given a collection of proper subspaces of of cardinality that covers .
Since there are at least spaces of dimension , there must be such a space that is not equal to any .
Hence is a collection of proper subspaces of of cardinality that covers , contradiction .
So what was the mistake in the original proof ?
You might question my use of the pigeonhole principle on infinite sets , but that can actually be made quite rigorous .
No , the problem is the statement “ We can assume that no proper subcollection covers “ .
Though an attractive idea , it is not true that we can reduce our collection to no longer be redundant .
Consider our earlier counterexample , a real vector space with a countably infinite basis .
The given collection covers , but there is no non-redundant subcollection that does so .
A slightly painful reminder that we must always modify our intuition when dealing with infinite sets .
We can salvage the original proof , however , when the collection is finite .
Then , in fact , we can throw out elements of our collection , one at a time , until we have eliminated any redundancy .
That gives us the following : ( note that this is not strictly weaker than our modified proposition , since it applies to infinite - dimensional spaces as well )
Salvaged Proposition :
If is an infinite field , a vector space over cannot be written as a union of finitely many proper subspaces .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Daniel Cowart , one of the two men arrested Friday in an alleged plot to assassinate Barack Obama and murder more than 100 people , was a member of a racist skinhead group formed earlier this year .
The group , the Supreme White Alliance ( SWA ) , posted a note after the arrests saying that a “ probate ” member — clearly Cowart , although the site did n’t mention his name — had been booted out some time ago .
Cowart , in fact , is described as “ member # 3 ” of the SWA on the group ’s Ning site ( Ning is a social networking site ) , meaning he was the third to sign up for an account on that site .
In “ Daniel Cowart ’s Supreme White Alliance page , ” Cowart describes himself as “ easy going and easy to get along with , as long as you are White ! ”
In addition , a photo obtained by the Southern Poverty Law Center shows Cowart at a birthday party held for Adolf Hitler last April along with others linked to the SWA .
The group is displaying a birthday cake marked with its SWA acronym .
It ’s not clear if Cowart ’s alleged partner , Paul Schlesselman , was a member or associate of the group .
The SWA posting suggests that he is not .
The two men were arrested after federal agents uncovered what they described as a plot to go on a multi-state “ killing spree . ”
In an affidavit , the ATF said that the two , both of whom it described as holding “ strong ” white supremacist beliefs , had met via the Internet in late September .
They later got together and allegedly decided to kill 88 people , followed by beheading another 14 African Americans .
( The numbers are neo - Nazi codes representing white supremacist slogans . )
Officials said they also intended to target a predominantly black high school , a gun store , and individuals who they planned to rob to raise money .
The final act , according to the affidavit , was to come when both men dressed in white tuxedoes and top hats and attempted to shoot Obama as they drove toward him while shooting through the windows , agents said .
Both men fully expected to die in their final attack .
The SWA Ning site also carries a page showing “ Daniel ’s Friends , ” belonging to Daniel Cowart , that lists as a friend Steven Edwards ( posting as " Stevenfuckit08 " ) , the current president of SWA .
Edwards is the son of Ron Edwards , who is the imperial wizard , or national leader , of the Imperial Klans of America ( IKA ) , based in Kentucky .
The Southern Poverty Law Center is currently involved in civil litigation with Ron Edwardsand the IKA over the beating of a teenage boy in 2006 .
The case is scheduled for trial on Nov. 12 .
The French government was forced to admit that no one was safe from internet fraud yesterday after it emerged that thieves had managed to hack into President Nicolas Sarkozy 's personal bank account and siphon off cash .
The unknown hackers removed several small sums of money from the account after obtaining Sarkozy 's online access codes .
An inquiry was launched after the president noticed the transactions and complained to the police , said a government spokesman .
" The swindlers will be punished , " Luc Chatel , secretary of state for consumer affairs , told French radio .
He said more work needed to be done to tighten internet banking security in France , which , according to the national crime agency , has seen a 9 % rise in offences this year .
" [ This ] proves the system of internet checking [ of bank accounts ] is not infallible , " Chatel said .
" These cases are sufficiently rare that we have n't had to really organise ourselves , but [ they are ] sufficiently serious for us to reflect on how to improve the system . "
Breaking the news of the thefts yesterday , the Journal du Dimanche newspaper said the architects of the " presidential piracy " did not appear to be amateurs .
November 5 , 2008
As people on the left celebrate the end of a rotten regime , it ’s also time to ask :
What kind of change will an Obama administration bring ?
SocialistWorker.org brings together a roundtable of activists and writers on the left to discuss what new openings they see with an Obama administration in power -- and what challenges still lie ahead for social justice movements .
Millions of people have been waiting for Election Day 2008 , when the Bush regime would finally fall .
The book is about to shut -- or slam , more like it -- on eight terrible years of Republican rule in the White House .
Howard Zinn
Historian and veteran activist Howard Zinn is the author of the classic book A People 's History of the United States .
I CONFESS I am excited by the thought of Obama becoming president , even though I am painfully aware of his limitations -- his smooth , articulate intelligence covering up a quite traditional approach to domestic and foreign policy , aided and abetted by a group of advisers recycled from the Clinton administration and other parts of the Establishment .
Does he really think Robert Rubin will come up with a bold approach to the economy ?
Or that Madeleine Albright will carve a new path in foreign policy ?
( It was she who ran around the country in 1998 to defend Clinton 's bombing of Iraq , warning of " weapons of mass destruction . " )
If Richard Hofstadter were adding to his book The American Political Tradition , in which he found both " conservative " and " liberal " presidents , both Democrats and Republicans , maintaining for dear life the two critical characteristics of the American system , nationalism and capitalism , Obama would fit the pattern .
His obsequious joining with McCain in approving the $ 700 billion " bailout " for the financial giants is a sad sign .
See my article ( I say arrogantly ) in a recent issue of the Nation about the bailout , as a futile " trickle - down " act , instead of using the money directly for the people Obama claims to represent .
So it will take a revivified social movement to do for Obama what the strikers and tenant organizers and unemployed councils and agitators of the early 1930s did for FDR , pushing him into new paths , so angering the superrich that FDR , in one of his best moments , said , " They hate me , and I welcome their hatred ! "
Obama needs such fire .
It is up to us , the citizenry -- and non-citizens too ! -- to ignite it .
Mike Davis
Writer , historian and socialist activist Mike Davis is the author of several books , including Planet of Slums , In Praise of Barbarians and City of Quartz .
FORTY YEARS ago this week , the Democratic Party ( the party of Jim Crow and the Cold War , as well as the New Deal ) shipwrecked itself on the shoals of an unpopular war in Vietnam and a white backlash against racial equality .
The " emerging Republican majority , " as Nixon 's Machiavelli , Kevin Phillips , famously branded it , was always episodic and often paper - thin in national elections , but it was galvanized by impressive ideological and religious fervor , as well as lavishly subsidized by an employer class everywhere on the offensive against New Deal unions and social programs .
Republicans , although more often than not the minority party in Congress , dominated agendas ( the New Cold War , the tax revolt , war on drugs and so on ) and led the restructuring of government functions ( abolition of direct federal aid to cities , deliberate use of debt to forestall social spending and so ) .
The Democratic response to the Reagan revolution from 1981 was not principled resistance but craven adaptation .
The " New Democrats " under Bill Clinton ( whose personal model was Richard Nixon ) not only institutionalized Nixon - Reagan economic policies , but sometimes surpassed Republicans in their zeal to enforce neoliberal doctrine , as with Clinton 's crusades to " reform " welfare ( in fact to create more poverty ) , reduce the deficit and implement NAFTA without labor rights .
Although the New Deal working - class core continued to supply 60 percent of the Democratic vote , party policy was largely driven by the Clintons ' infatuation with " new economy " elites , entertainment industry moguls , affluent suburbanites , yuppie gentrifiers and , of course , the world according to Goldman Sachs .
Crucial defections by Democratic voters to Bush in 2000 and 2004 had less to due with Republican manipulation of " family values " than with Gore 's and Kerry 's embrace of a globalization that had devastated mill towns and industrial valleys .
This week 's election paradoxically augurs both fundamental realignment and fundamental continuity .
The Republicans now know what 1968 was like for the Democrats .
Blue victories in formerly bedrock Red suburbs are stunning invasions of the enemy 's electoral heartland , comparable to George Wallace 's and Richard Nixon 's victories more than a generation ago in Northern ethnic - white , CIO neighborhoods .
Meanwhile , the desperate marriage - in - hell of Palin and McCain warns of the imminent divorce of mega- church faithful and the country - club sinners .
The Bush coalition built by Karl Rove 's thuggish genius is breaking up .
More importantly , tens of millions of voters have reversed the verdict of 1968 : this time choosing economic solidarity over racial division .
Indeed , this election has been a virtual plebiscite on the future of class - consciousness in the United States , and the vote -- thanks especially to working women -- is an extraordinary vindication of progressive hopes .
But not the Democratic candidate , about whom we should not harbor any illusions .
Although the economic crisis as well as the particular dynamics of campaigning in industrial swing states finally drove Obama to emphasize jobs , his " socialism " has been far too polite to acknowledge vast public anger about the criminal bailout or even to criticize big oil ( as has off - and - on populist McCain ) .
In policy terms , what would have been the difference if Hillary Clinton had won instead ?
Perhaps a marginally better health care plan , but otherwise the result is virtually the same .
Indeed it might be argued that Obama is more a prisoner of the Clinton legacy than the Clintons themselves .
Waiting in the wings to define his first 100 days is a team of Wall Street statesmen , " humanitarian " imperialists , ice - blooded political operatives and recycled Republican " realists , " which will thrill hearts from the Council on Foreign Relations to the International Monetary Fund .
Despite the fantasies of " hope " and " change " projected onto the handsome mask of the new president , his administration will be dominated by well - known , pre-programmed zombies of the center - right .
Clinton 2.0 .
Confronted with the Great Depression of globalization , of course , the American ship of state , whatever the crew , would probably sail off the edge of the known world .
Only three things , in my opinion , are highly likely :
First , there is no hope whatsoever of the spontaneous generation of a new New Deal ( or for that matter , of Rooseveltian liberals ) without the combustion of massive social struggles .
Second , after the brief Woodstock of an Obama inauguration , millions of hearts will be broken by the administration 's inability to manage mass bankruptcy and unemployment , as well as end the wars in the Middle East .
Third , the Bushites may be dead , but the hate - spewing nativist Right ( particularly the Lou Dobbs wing ) is well - positioned for a dramatic revival as neoliberal solutions fail .
The great challenge to small bands of the left is to anticipate this mass disillusionment , understanding that our task is not " how to move Obama leftward , " but to salvage and reorganize shattered hopes .
The transitional program must be socialism itself .
Sharon Smith
Sharon Smith is the author of Subterranean Fire : A History of Working - Class Radicalism in the United States and Women and Socialism .
IT IS worth remembering that only 50 years ago , African Americans were denied the right to even cast a vote in presidential elections , much less run for office .
These rights were won only after the massive struggles of the civil rights movement finally broke the Democratic Party from its segregationist legacy .
Obama 's victory marks a blow against racism of similarly historic proportion .
Despite McCain's and Palin 's best efforts to whip up racial animosity toward Obama , they failed to garner a majority of voters for their hate - filled campaign .
To be sure , the changing demographics of the U.S. voting population has reduced the relative importance of the white vote , while boosting that of Blacks , Latinos and other immigrants .
But contrary to pundits ' claims , many white workers enthusiastically voted for the Black candidate in the 2008 election .
Obama 's victory would have been impossible without them .
Racism -- stoked and enforced from above -- has held a chokehold over the U.S. labor movement since its inception , as evidenced by the failure of unions to gain a foothold in the South .
As long as white workers mistakenly believe that they share more in common with their white exploiters than with their Black or immigrant fellow workers , labor loses .
At long last , the working - class movement is poised to begin moving forward after decades of decline .
Obama 's election does not mean that racism has disappeared overnight .
On the contrary , McCain / Palin rallies have drawn racists by the thousands , who were then emboldened by the vitriol emanating from the stage .
Police brutality , racial disparities in jobs and education , and housing segregation will all continue as before , no matter who is in the White House , until there is a renewed struggle explicitly against racism .
But Obama 's victory also represents a surge in class consciousness and a decisive rejection of neoliberal policies that have lowered working - class living standards around the world for more than three decades .
Opinion polls have shown popular sentiment shifting leftward on nearly every social issue , from the Iraq war to same - sex marriage in recent years .
If there is a historic parallel for the class dynamics at work in the 2008 election , it would be Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's victory in 1932 .
Roosevelt 's win , like Obama's , was the product of mass class anger in an era of unfettered corporate greed that discredited the free market .
Although Roosevelt vaguely promised voters a " New Deal , " it took pressure from below to determine the content of presidential policy during the Depression era .
The scale of the class struggle was such that workers not only won the legal right to unionize and other working - class reforms , but also tipped the balance of class forces in favor of workers for decades to come .
We have not seen a rise in class struggle for more than three decades in the U.S.
But the class anger on display in this election could well be a prelude to such a rise in coming years .
Obama has promised " change , " but the scale of change that is needed requires mass struggle from below .
Tariq Ali
Historian and novelist Tariq Ali is a veteran activist of the social movements of the 1960s and ' 70s .
His books include The Duel : Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power and Pirates of the Caribbean .
THE FORMER head of British intelligence recently stated that in her view , the whole concept of a " war on terror " was misguided from the beginning -- that it is an overreaction to a terrorist attack .
If this view is shared by her colleagues in the CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency , then we could begin to see some changes in U.S. foreign policy under an Obama administration -- in particular , a reversion to the tried - and - tested way of defending U.S. interests by relying on local relays .
This would entail using the Pakistani government to look after Afghanistan , and a post - Ahmadinejad Iran to do the same for Iraq .
The reason for this is that both the wars have been a disaster .
Obama 's views about Afghanistan / Pakistan are seriously misguided , to put it mildly .
The fact that the U.S. is engaged ( and has been for some time ) in direct talks with the neo-Taliban resistance is a serious indication that they regard the war as lost .
The neo -Taliban have told Washington 's emissaries that they will not enter any coalition as long as there are foreign troops on Afghan soil .
Afterward , they are open to offers .
Surely Obama knew this was going on .
Expanding the war to Pakistan would destabilize that country even further .
How does that help anyone ?
In Latin America , U.S. foreign policy is characterized by a great deal of confusion .
Under discussion are plans to repeat Nixon 's trip to Beijing with an Obama flight to Havana .
The problem here would be that preaching the virtues of neoliberal capitalism will sound a bit hollow after the capitalist debacle in the West .
To continue the Cheney line on Venezuela and Bolivia , Ecuador and Paraguay , would be totally counterproductive , since what has failed already will not succeed even with a more human face at the helm .
Even the pro-U.S. states like Chile and Brazil are opposed to any new U.S. adventures .
From day one of the Obama victory , which will unleash a wave of high expectations on the domestic and global fronts , activist pressure is crucial to achieve anything .
I think antiwar activists should turn up in large numbers to the inauguration with banners reading , " Congrats Barack , now out of Kabul and Iraq ! "
Ken Riley
Ken Riley is president of the International Longshoremen 's Association Local 1422 in Charleston , S.C .
ELECTION DAY has been phenomenal in South Carolina .
Among young African Americans , the idea of not voting is unpopular and uncool .
I was in line to vote early on Election Day and saw a lot of young people I knew - - I could n't believe they were 18 already .
I gave one young man who just turned 18 a ride to vote , and he could n't have been more proud .
That 's the kind of energy and excitement we have in the African American community in Charleston .
We expect 2,000 people at the union hall tonight .
These are very difficult times , and a complicated economy .
Some of the factors affecting our economy we have never faced before .
For us in organized labor in South Carolina , a right - to - work state , one of the most important things about an Obama administration is whether we get the Employee Free Choice Act [ proposed legislation that would make it easier to join unions ] .
We hope that it would also have an impact on the anti-union laws in the public sector here .
The election shows that trickle - down economics just does n't cut it .
I think the Obama victory is going to help people become organized in general and more involved .
You do not get this excited and optimistic about the future just because the first African American is elected president -- you want to see this administration succeed .
Therefore , you wo n't see people cast a vote and back off .
There will be significant organizing .
If there is such a thing as trickle - down , that is what 's going to trickle down .
Donna Smith
Health care activist Donna Smith , who was featured in the movie Sicko , is the national coordinator of American Patients United .
I THINK most of us are walking around with a little bit of knot in our stomachs , almost afraid to really hope that this will come out a win .
It 's a scary time , but at the same time , assuming Obama wins this election , and they get a few more progressive members in the House , I think our work is just only begun .
I think there is so much that is fundamentally wrong with the way we 've been running our government for the last several years .
And I 'm not talking about just the last eight years .
We had some years running up to those eight years that were not necessarily the most hopeful for people who were working , and middle class and lower class .
It 's been a difficult 30 years .
There 's a lot of tough work ahead of us , and all of us are going to be required to work together in ways we maybe have not in the past .
So I think the gift that has been given to us by the Obama campaign beyond ending the reign of Bush and Cheney is that we know that if we organize together , we can change things .
It 's going to be tough .
I think the fight is going to be as tough , if not tougher , going into the next few months for single - payer .
We are going to be clearer than we 've been in the past about single - payer being the right way to go .
I think we 're going to see lots of moves by lots of people to quickly do some reform that is n't necessarily going to fix the system .
It may expand coverage options for some Americans , but may not fix what is broken in the system , which is the middleman in health care , the for - profit health care industry and what they 're doing to our ability to access health care .
So I think in the effort to do something quickly , we might not do what 's smart .
I think those of us who support single - payer are going to have to be very directed and very clear , and are going to make ourselves very organized to accomplish our goal .
What we have to bear in mind always is that electing one individual cannot possibly fix all the systems that we need fixed .
It 's only a step toward perhaps a more open government .
I think this is the hope we all have .
But to think the election of Obama or a more progressive Congress is going to immediately launch us into a new dawn is just not realistic .
It 's going to take continued , hard and focused work to clean up the mess that 's been in place since the Reagan revolution .
The full impact on working people of the Reagan revolution has taken a while to play out in its full flavor , as far as I 'm concerned .
And I feel like it will take us a little time to clean it up .
And in the process , people are going to suffer while we try to clean it up .
My hope and concern is that we find ways to help one another move things along , and help a new president and Congress make this a better country .
Camilo Mejía
Camilo Mejía was the first active - duty soldier to go public with his decision to refuse redeployment to Iraq and is the chair of the board of Iraq Veterans Against the War .
During the final presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead , N.Y. , members of Iraq Veterans Against the War ( IVAW ) requested that moderator Bob Schieffer allow them to ask each candidate a question .
The question for Sen. McCain was about veterans ' benefits since , being a war veteran and former POW himself , he should have a better voting record when it comes to veterans ' well - being .
The question for Sen. Obama , who voted against the invasion of Iraq and called the invasion illegal at one point , focused on whether he would be willing to support soldiers who wanted to become conscientious objectors .
Not only was IVAW not able to ask the questions , but we were attacked by the Hempstead mounted police .
Ten of our members , along with some civilian activists , were arrested , and two of our members were injured , one suffering a broken cheekbone .
Neither candidate mentioned either Iraq or Afghanistan during the entire 90 - minute debate .
The promise of a better nation , one whose resources are dedicated to improving social conditions and where wealth is distributed to lift up the working ranks of society , rings hollow when military veterans can't ask a question without being violently repressed .
All this is to say that regardless of who gets elected , the work of building a better world remains in the hands of the people and rests on our ability to assert ourselves as the true architects of our future .
Obama is regarded as the antiwar candidate for having voted against the invasion of Iraq and for promising a progressive withdrawal of troops from that country , and both he and McCain have spoken about the success of the troop " surge " in Iraq .
But to seriously address the situation in Iraq and the eventual withdrawal from it would require Obama to address the 180,000 private contractors in Iraq , the permanent military bases , and the diplomatic and corporate complex from which the U.S. government intends to run the country .
And of course , the " success " of the surge fails to recognize that more than half of the population of Iraq is either displaced , in need of emergency aid or dead .
The " global war on terror , " the name given by the past and now present administrations to justify profit - driven invasions and occupations , needs a new centerpiece .
The Iraq war has become too unpopular to continue justifying the U.S. imperial agenda .
We cannot allow any president to shift focus to Afghanistan in order to continue American warmongering .
President Obama has promised to continue pouring troops into that country and to see the war spill into Pakistan if he deems it necessary .
The antiwar movement has to realize the need to continue the struggle for peace and justice , a struggle that starts at home where , in opposing costly and illegal wars of aggression , we wage battles against poverty , racism and exploitation of the working class by the ruling elite .
Only by building a true grassroots movement to combat a corporate - controlled government will we be able to create a world where peace , justice and social equality can prevail .
This is the work of the people , not of the politicians , regardless of who is president .
It has been going on , it continues , it can never stop , not for one minute .
Anthony Arnove
Anthony Arnove is the author of Iraq : The Logic of Withdrawal and is also on the board of Haymarket Books .
THE FIRST thing to say is that there should be no honeymoon .
The Democrats have held a majority in the House and Senate for two years , yet have continued to fund the occupation of Iraq , to allow warrantless wiretaps , to expand the military budget .
But the Democrats can no longer use the excuse of Bush and the need to win the White House to continue to defy the widespread desire for change .
That means we need to challenge Obama from the first day he takes office , with public protest and mobilization .
Second , we have to insist that Obama 's " let 's not and say we did " position on withdrawal from Iraq is unacceptable .
Withdrawal means withdrawal , not redeployment of some troops to Afghanistan while leaving tens of thousands of troops for " counter - insurgency , " maintaining long - term bases , establishing the largest foreign Central Intelligence Agency station and U.S. embassy in Baghdad , and allowing mercenaries to remain .
We can't let Iraq slip into the background , out of the headlines , and accept a repacking of the occupation as a solution .
Third , we need to be clear that the problem with the so - called Bush Doctrine of preventive war is not that it was misapplied , but that it is wrong on principle .
We must pressure Obama to renounce -- which so far he has shown no signs of doing -- regime change in Iran and the right to strike countries like Syria and Somalia at will .
That applies to U.S. allies such as Israel as well , to which this obscene power has long been extended ( along with the right to maintain an arsenal of nuclear weapons , like other U.S. allies that have not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , India and Pakistan , in contrast to Iran ) .
Last , we need to say to Obama that we want an end to the ideological war on Arabs and Muslims , on immigrants , and the outrageous powers according to the executive to detain and torture , to use secret evidence , to hold people in Guantánamo Bay or prisons in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Guantánamo should be closed immediately and the territory completely returned to Cuba .
Renditions and torture should be renounced without qualification .
The United States should end its defiance of the international convention on violence against children ( protecting the right to execute minors ) and on the use of land mines and cluster munitions , as well as nuclear weapons ( the new generation of so - called mini- nukes ) .
Now is not a time for " bipartisanship . "
We have seen all too much of that .
Bipartisanship has led to all the problems we presently confront , with the complicity and , in many cases , full - throated support of the Democrats .
Now is time for a radical break .
But we should not for a moment hold our breath or expect Obama to deliver this of his own initiative .
Nothing in his career or policy statements -- or in the lessons of our history -- should lead us to expect that .
If anything , we should anticipate Obama will govern to the right of his campaign promises , not the left .
Last century , we saw two presidents legislate to the left of the policies they advocated as candidates : Franklin Roosevelt and Richard Nixon .
The reason was not to be explained by their personal characteristics , but the fact that both were confronted by massive social movements that disrupted business as usual and forced unexpected democratic changes from below .
SleptOn.com
KT and Billy are coeditors of SleptOn.com , an independent , online journal established to promote awareness and facilitate discussion and organization by providing commentary on politics , entertainment and culture .
IN AN Obama administration , the American political left will have to readjust to the political reality .
An honest assessment of our situation will uncover much work to be done in terms of political education , organizing , activism and outreach to those newly engaged by Obama 's candidacy -- which may be extremely difficult given the degree of stargazing that abounds .
Obama 's ascendance to the highest office in the land will prove to be primarily symbolic , as most lefties should know when they 're honest about it , thus requiring direct challenge and confrontation over those things that we value -- justice , peace , solidarity and equality -- taken broadly .
Lefties will have to fight for renewed political relevance -- largely absent in the current state -- in the form of such things as livable wages , the right to organize , form unions and bargain collectively , abolishing the death penalty , ending the murderous and brutal war and occupation , releasing political prisoners , acquiring single - payer universal health care coverage -- among too many others to mention at this time .
These are the kinds of reforms needed in the near term as we work for more fundamental structural changes , so that people will one day own and control the institutions that govern their lives in terms of their workplaces and governing bodies .
With the advent of an Obama administration , lefties should recognize that we will be organizing and pushing for these initiatives among many optimists satisfied with seeing the end of the terrible Bush era .
Lefties must raise the expectations of those engaged -- indeed , even their own .
Our role is to empower people with the information and organization for support and work so that the country is unmoved -- in fact indignant -- about corporate - owned politicians and their vague promises for " change " on their behalf .
Rosi Carrasco
Rosi Carrasco is an immigrant rights activist in Chicago and organizer with the Latino Organization of the Southwest .
I THINK that the election is historic , and it is great moment to be here in Chicago , because for the first time , we have a president who is against all the politics the Bush administration has been practicing over the last eight years .
I think there is hope not only for the immigrant rights movement , but for the people against the war , and all of the progressive movements .
There will be an open space for continuing the fight for immigrants , against the war and for many issues affecting our communities .
It 's not that with the election , everything is going to change magically , but that we have the opportunity to change things in America .
Immigration legislation was defeated last year because of racism .
The main targets of the racists were immigrants without documents .
Having an African American president is historic .
It is going to make racism harder .
That is what I think we should celebrate .
We need to continue organizing our communities , because this is the only way we can change anything here -- without fighting , there wo n't be change .
It also means the politics of Bush are being rejected by a lot of people in this country , but also around the world -- the war in Iraq , invading other countries , against the rights of immigrants .
The policies of this government have been terrible for people in Latin America .
The government has been focused on helping only the richest people .
I am very surprised to see how active the youth are and the hope they have for change .
I think this is going to be a new moment in which we have the opportunity to open new spaces for our issues .
The immigrant rights movement became demoralized last year , but now , we are getting ready to start to fighting again .
We 'll have a new government and a new direction in this country .
The new government needs to assure us that they will stop raids and deportations .
This is a demand everyone supports .
We need to demand immigration reform .
It 's not clear what sort of reform the government will be willing to offer , because up until now , the Democrats have not had very clear policies in favor of immigration .
We need to keep very clear that our fight is for civil and human rights .
We have to be mature enough to understand that we need to work together with many different people , with different points of view .
I think we need a very open and wide movement that includes every single person that believes in human and civil rights .
Workers are being fired because of no -match letters , they are not receiving good salaries because they are undocumented , their rights are not being respected because of their situation .
So we have to keep organizing people in their workplaces and their communities .
If we forget that part , we will not have the kind of movement that can put forward a strong proposal and defend people .
Everyone agrees we need to march .
On May 1 , we need to take to the streets again , but we also need to organize people in their workplaces and communities so they know their rights and can defend themselves .
The election is a historical moment and a great opportunity to challenge and change politics in this country .
It 's a great opportunity for us to organize ourselves , but it is just an opportunity .
We have to work very hard to organize our communities .
Otherwise , we will miss this opportunity .
I think people are ready to fight -- look at how many people are involved in the antiwar movement , the immigrant rights movement , for housing , for health care insurance , for good salaries , for workers ' rights , for many things .
Now , I hope we can these change things .
I 'm really excited about this election .
I 'm really excited about having Obama as president .
I hope we can celebrate this historical moment .
This will change politics fundamentally , but it wo n't happen by itself .
We have to have people organizing and ready to take advantage of this new opening .
LCR presidential candidate Olivier Besancenot
Below are two articles which first appeared in Critique Communiste , and in English in the November issue of International Viewpoint , the magazine of the Fourth International .
The first is by Alex Callinicos , a leader of the British Socialist Workers Party .
The second , " The NPA , a new experience of building an anti-capitalist party " , is a reply by François Sabado , a leader of the Revolutionary Communist League ( LCR ) .
* * *
Diverging paths
By Alex Callinicos
In the past couple of years the fortunes of the radical left have diverged sharply .
The most important case on the negative side was provided by the Partito della Rifondazione Comunista ( PRC ) in Italy .
The party of Genoa and Florence moved from 2004 onwards sharply to the right and joined the centre - left coalition government of Romano Prodi that held office briefly in 2006 - 8 .
PRC deputies and senators voted for Prodi ’s neoliberal economic programme and for the participation of Italian troops in the occupation of Afghanistan and in the United Nations ‘ peace - keeping ’ mission to Lebanon .
They were punished in the general elections of April 2008 with the loss of all their parliamentary seats .
The radical left also suffered reverses elsewhere .
In Britain first the Scottish Socialist Party and then Respect split : when the rival fragments ran against each other , both sides predictably suffered electoral eclipse .
In the Danish general election of November 2007 , the Red- Green Alliance lost two of the six seats it had previously held .
Fortunately , there are more positive experiences .
The most exciting of these has been the initiative taken by the Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire ( LCR ) to launch a New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) .
In Germany , Die Linke , officially constituted as a party in June 2007 and the result of a convergence between dissident social democrats in western Germany and the Party of Democratic Socialism ( PDS ) , the heir of the old East German ruling party , continues to make electoral inroads into the base of the German Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
And even in Italy , the country that has seen the most catastrophic collapse of the radical left , the trend is n’t uniformly negative .
In reaction to electoral eclipse , the PRC national congress , when it met in July 2008 , moved left .
Bertinotti and his allies were defeated by a coalition of left - wing currents led by Paolo Ferrero .
The delegates , elected by meetings attended by 40,000 members , voted for a document calling for ‘ a shift to the left ’ and declaring an end to ‘ organic collaboration [ with the centre - left Democratic Party ] in governing the country ’ .
The primacy of politics
Nevertheless , the sense of participating in a general forward movement that prevailed a few years ago has been replaced by a marked divergence .
What has caused this shift ?
To answer this question we need to understand the driving forces behind the rise of the radical left , particularly in Europe .
Two main objective coordinates were involved .
First , the emergence of mass resistance to neoliberalism and war , starting with the French public sector strikes of 1995 but gaining momentum after Seattle .
Second , the experience of social liberalism – social - democratic governments , brought to office all over Europe in the second half of the 1990s by popular opposition to neoliberalism , proceeded to implement neoliberal policies , and in some cases – New Labour under Tony Blair in Britain and the Red / Green coalition headed by Gerhard Schröder in Germany – to go further than their conservative predecessors had dared .
The rightward shift of mainstream social democracy opened up a space to its left .
Furthermore , the revival of resistance created a pressure to fill this space .
Various political formations , of very diverse origins and history collectively took on the role of trying to fill it .
Generally they did n’t do so on an explicitly revolutionary programme .
In some cases this reflected a tactical decision by far left organisations to attract allies and a broader audience , but as often it was a consequence of the fact that many of the leaders of the new formations were themselves reformists , often seeking to restore a more ‘ authentic ’ social democracy that , as they saw it , had been corrupted by the likes of Blair and Schröder .
The emergence of this radical left marked an extremely important , and positive development .
It represented an opportunity to remake the left on a much more principled basis than had prevailed in the heyday of the social - democratic and Stalinist parties .
But this , while a step forward , generated its own problems .
The political field has its specific logic , which subjects to its hazards and contingencies all those who try to grapple with it .
After an initial period of forward movement , bounded roughly by the years 1998 and 2005 the various radical left formations were confronted with the question of how to continue in an environment that was somewhat less favourable – for example , because the tide of mass opposition to the war in Iraq was receding .
A similar problem confronted the altermondialiste movement , which has failed to address it effectively and hence undergone a significant decline .
The response of the radical left formations was , of course , conditioned by the politics prevailing in them .
This proved in the case of two key figures – Fausto Bertinotti in Italy and George Galloway in England – to be a reformism that began to shift rightwards .
Bertinotti reacted to the decline of the Social Forums that had spread throughout Italy after Genoa and driven the mobilisations for Florence and the anti-war protests by turning back towards the centre - left , with the disastrous consequences already noted .
In the case of Galloway and the circle around him , the decline of the anti-war movement from the peak it achieved in 2003 combined with pessimism about the capacity of organised workers to mount effective resistance to the attacks mounted by New Labour and the bosses to generate the conclusion that the way forward for Respect lay in sustaining alliances with local Muslim notables who could deliver votes .
But this reasoning – and the split that it produced in Respect – was overlain by a growing reconciliation between Galloway himself and New Labour .
This was reflected first in his support for Ken Livingstone ’s unsuccessful re-election campaign for Mayor of London in May 2008 and then in his rallying to the aid of Gordon Brown ’s beleaguered government during the Glasgow East by - election that July , when a Blairite candidate was defeated by a massive swing to the Scottish National Party .
Elsewhere the politics has played out better , so far .
Amidst general disarray on the French left .
the majority in the LCR leadership seised the initiative – running Olivier Besancenot in the first round of the French presidential elections in April 2007 and then capitalising on his relative success to launch the NPA .
Die Linke is a much more solidly reformist formation than anything envisaged by the LCR .
It is , however , defined by the struggle between two tendencies – a right - wing , powerful both numerically and in the apparatus , constituted largely by the ex-leadership of the PDS , and a more left reformist current that is dominated by the ex-SPD trade - union officials clustered around the figure of Oskar Lafontaine , who is pursuing a project of reconstituting German social democracy on a more left - wing basis .
What kind of party ?
The recent advances of Die Linke and the LCR show that the objective coordinates responsible for the initial rise of the radical left remain .
But the experiences of the PRC and Respect highlight the political dangers faced by these formations .
How can these dangers best be addressed ?
The response of the LCR is particularly interesting .
It is influenced by the negative examples of centre - left governments , not only in Italy , but in France itself and in Brazil .
Determination to avoid any repetition of a situation where the radical left could be integrated into a social - liberal coalition government shaped the attitude of the LCR majority towards the attempt to make the collectives that had driven the No campaign against the European Constitution in 2005 the launching pad for a unitary ‘ anti- liberal ’ candidate in the 2007 presidential campaign .
The LCR ’s scepticism about the project of a unitary anti-liberal candidate led to a negative and sometimes ultimatist attitude towards the collectives , which caused its temporary isolation .
But the Ligue was at least partially vindicated by the behaviour of José Bové in the presidential campaign .
It is to ward off this kind of danger that the LCR insists that the new party must be anti-capitalist , and not simply opposed to neoliberalism .
It is to be ‘ a party for the revolutionary transformation of society ’ , but yet not a revolutionary party in the specific sense in which it has been understood in the classical Marxist tradition .
In that tradition , particularly as a result of the experiences of the Russian Revolution of October 1917 and the early years of the Communist International ( 1919 - 24 ) , socialist revolution is assumed to take a particular form , involving mass strikes , the development of dual power counterposing institutions of workers ’ democracy to the capitalist state , an armed insurrection to resolve this crisis by establishing the dominance of the workers ’ councils , and , running through all this , the emergence of a mass revolutionary party with majority support in the working class .
On the LCR ’s view , the NPA should not commit itself to this specific understanding of revolution , but simply to the necessity of ‘ a rupture with capitalism ’ .
If this notion may seem vague , its political significance lies in what it rules out : more specifically , the Ligue correctly argues , it ’s not enough to oppose neoliberalism as a set of policies , but capitalism as a system .
Failing to draw this distinction can lead participation in centre - left governments in the hope ( usually the illusion ) that they will produce a more benign mix of policies .
There is much to commend the LCR ’s conception of the NPA .
The political experience of the 20th century shows very clearly that , in the advanced capitalist countries , it is impossible to build a mass revolutionary party without breaking the hold of social democracy on the organised working class .
In the era of the Russian Revolution it was possible for many European Communist parties to begin to do this by splitting social - democratic parties and winning substantial numbers of previously reformist workers directly to the revolutionary programme of the Communist International .
October 1917 exercised an enormous attractive power on everyone around the world who wanted to fight the bosses and imperialism .
Alas , thanks to the experience of Stalinism , the opposite is true today .
Social liberalism is repelling many working - class people today , but , in the first instance , what they seek is a more genuine version of the reformism that their traditional parties once promised them .
Therefore , if the formations of the radical left are to be habitable to these refugees from social democracy , their programmes have not to foreclose the debate between reform and revolution by simply incorporating the distinctive strategic conceptions developed by revolutionary Marxists .
All the same , navigating between the Scylla of opportunism and the Charybdis of sectarianism is never easy .
On the one hand , drawing the dividing line between anti-liberalism and anti-capitalism is n’t necessarily straightforward .
Given that , as the LCR would put it , anti-capitalism has ‘ incomplete strategic delimitations ’ – i.e. it leaves open how the ‘ rupture with capitalism ’ would be achieved , there is plenty of room for debate about what concrete steps are necessary .
There are perfectly respectable left - reformist strategies for achieving a break with capitalism that presumably would have a right to a hearing in these debates .
But these strategies merge in with proposals that seek to target neoliberalism rather than capitalism itself .
On the other hand , while the LCR are entirely right to oppose as a matter of principle participation in a centre - left government , they ca n’t assume that everyone attracted to the NPA will share this attitude .
On the contrary , many of them may want to see Besancenot in government .
18 per cent in a poll in August 2008 said the PS should come to an understanding with him .
The role of revolutionaries
The underlying problem at work here is that it is the breach in reformism that has given the radical left its opening : how then does it try to draw in people from a reformist background while avoiding the betrayals of reformism – betrayals recapitulated in a highly concentrated way by Bertinotti ’s trajectory ?
The LCR ’s solution to the problem seems to be to install a kind of programmatic security lock – commitment to anti-capitalism and opposition to centre - left governments .
But this is unlikely to work ; the more successful the NPA , the more it is likely to come under reformist pressures and temptations .
When it first became involved in the process of left regroupment at the beginning of the present decade , the Socialist Workers Party came up with its own conception of the nature of the new radical left formations .
This was articulated by John Rees when he argued : ‘ The Socialist Alliance [ the precursor to Respect ] is thus best seen as a united front of a particular kind applied to the electoral field .
It seeks to unite left reformist activists and revolutionaries in a common campaign around a minimum programme . ’
It is extremely fortunate that we refused to liquidate the SWP , since in that case the crisis in Respect would have led , not just to the temporary electoral eclipse of the radical left in Britain , but to a far deeper fragmentation and weakening of the organised socialist left .
The idea that the NPA should conceived as a united front of a particular kind has recently been criticised by one of the project ’s main architects , François Sabado :
There is n’t a linear continuity between united front and party , just as ‘ politics ’ is n’t a simple continuation of the social .
There are elements of continuity but also of discontinuity , of specificities , linked precisely to political struggle ...
It is from this point of view that it is incorrect to consider the new party as a kind of united front .
There is then a tendency to under - estimate the necessary delimitations , to consider the NPA as merely an alliance or a unitary framework – even of a particular kind – and therefore to underestimate its own construction as a framework or a mediation for building the revolutionary leaderships of tomorrow .
There is the risk that if we consider the NPA as a kind of united front of making it wage only united front battles .
For example , we do n’t make the unity of action of the entire workers ’ and social movement conditional on an agreement on the question of the government ; but is this a reason for the NPA to relativise a struggle over the question of government ?
No , we do n’t think so .
The NPA makes the question of government – refusal to participate in governments of class - collaboration – a delimitation of its political fight .
That shows , self - evidently on this issue , that the NPA is n’t a kind of united front .
Our aim to construct it as a confluence of experiences and activists does n’t mean that we must give up seeing this party as one of the decisive links of a global political alternative and of an accumulation of class - struggle and even revolutionary cadres for future crises .
Sabado is right in two important respects .
First , successfully building the radical left today is a step towards , not away from , the construction of mass revolutionary parties .
Second , the fact that radical left formations intervene in the political field shapes their character .
Even if their organisational structure is that of a coalition , as that of Respect was , they need to define their global political identity by means of a programme , and function in many ways like a conventional political party , particularly when engaging in electoral activity .
But what the formula of a united front of a particular kind captures is the political heterogeneity that is characteristic of the contemporary radical left .
This is more than a matter of the specific history of individual formations : the particular form taken by the crisis of social democracy today has created the conditions for a convergence among elements from the reformist and revolutionary lefts in opposition to social liberalism .
The fact that this political convergence is only partial , and in particular does n’t abolish the choice between reform and revolution , demands organisational structures that , if not explicitly those of a coalition , give the different currents space to breathe and to co-exist .
But it also helps to explain the programmatic basis that Sabado seeks to give the NPA , which is essentially against social liberalism rather than against reformism altogether .
It ’s very important not to take fright at the political ambiguities that inherent in the contemporary radical left .
Any revolutionary worth his or her salt should throw themselves enthusiastically into building these formations .
But this does n’t alter the fact that these ambiguities can lead to a repetition of the kind of disasters to have overtaken the PRC and Respect .
More positively , if the NPA is really to see what Sabado calls ‘ an accumulation of class - struggle and even revolutionary cadres for future crises ’ , then this is n’t going to happen automatically .
It will require a considerable effort to train the new activists won to the NPA and its like in the revolutionary Marxist tradition .
But who is going to undertake this task ?
Some political education can occur within the framework of the party itself .
But this can only be within well - defined limits ; otherwise the revolutionaries in the NPA can justifiably be accused of violating the political openness of the party and seeking to exploit its structures to put over their own distinctive politics .
It is right to build the radical left on a broad and open basis , but within the resulting formations revolutionary socialists should organise and fight for their own politics .
Both parts of this sentence deserve their proper emphasis .
It is a mistake to try to define the boundaries of radical left parties too narrowly .
But , while building on a broad and open basis , revolutionary socialists should maintain their own political and organisational identity .
The precise form this may take will naturally vary – sometimes an independent organisation participating in a coalition , as the SWP did within the Socialist Alliance and Respect , sometimes a current in a larger organisation .
A revolutionary socialist identity within the broader radical left is necessary not for reasons of narrow sectarian loyalty but because the theory and politics of revolutionary Marxism matter .
They matter because they provide an understanding of the logic of capitalism as a system and because they recapitulate the accumulated revolutionary experiences of the past two centuries .
Of course , the relevance of such a tradition to the present is n’t something that can be taken for granted .
On the contrary , it has to be shown in practice , and this always involves a process of selection , interpretation , and creative development of the tradition .
But , because of the importance of practice , revolutionaries must retain the capacity to take their own initiatives .
In other words , they should maintain their identity within the broader radical left not as a theoretical debating club but , whatever the circumstances , as an interventionist organisation .
Of course , the presence of organised revolutionaries can be a source of tension within a radical left formation .
They can be targeted and denounced by the right within the party .
This can be a particular issue if the revolutionaries have a relatively substantial weight , as the SWP did within Respect and as the former LCR will in the NPA .
The far - left elements who broke away with Galloway have sought to justify their actions by accusing the SWP of seeking to dominate Respect .
This was the opposite of our intention : we would have been very happy to have been a relatively smaller force within a much larger radical left coalition .
The problem was that despite the enormous political upheaval surrounding Britain ’s participation in the invasion of Iraq , Galloway was the only leading Labour figure who was prepared to break with the party over the issue .
This meant there was a structural instability built into Respect from the start .
The coalition was dominated by two forces – Galloway and the SWP .
This was fine so long as they worked together relatively harmonious .
But a conflict between a revolutionary organisation and a reformist politician was all too likely to develop sooner or later , and , once it happened , there were no other forces powerful enough to contain it .
This structural imbalance is a consequence of the particular form taken by the decline of social democracy today .
The social base of reformism shrinks , not thanks to organisational splits , but through a gradual process of attrition .
This does n’t alter the fact that there is a space that the radical left can fill , but it will probably take the form of quite a long - term process of electoral interventions and other campaigns that gradually attract voters and activists .
And the erosion of the old reformist social base gives the extreme right an opportunity to appeal to working - class people who feel disenfranchised and unrepresented , as is shown very starkly by the ugly racist forces unleashed by the victory of Berlusconi and his allies in Italy .
Hence the importance of the case of Die Linke , where a real crack has taken place in the SPD monolith .
This is one reason why it would be unwise to claim that reformism singing its swan- song , as the LCR sometimes implies , as , for example , when it declares : ‘ Social democracy is completing its mutation .
After having explained that socialism can be built step by step within the framework of the institutions of the capitalist state , it henceforth accepts its conversion to capitalism , to neoliberal policies . ’
This seems to posit a unilinear trend for social - democratic parties to transform themselves into straightforwardly capitalist parties like the Democrats in the United States .
As such , it is mistaken .
Reformism ca n’t be identified simply with specific organisations but arises from workers ’ tendency , as long as they lack confidence in their ability to overturn capitalism , to limit their struggles winning improvements within the framework of the existing system .
This tendency finds political expression despite the development of social liberalism .
Understanding this is important for immediate political reasons .
The attractive power of reformist politics means there is no programmatic or organisational magic bullet that can exclude its influence from the new formations of the radical left .
It is precisely for this reason that revolutionaries need to maintain their identity within these formations .
The radical left has to be open to reformists if it is to fulfil its potential , but the examples of Bertinotti and Galloway should serve as a reminder that left reformists can move right as well as left .
This is important to bear in mind in the case of Die Linke .
Lafontaine has been a bulwark of the left , but , should he decide the time has come to cut a deal with the SPD , he is quite capable of turning on it brutally .
But revolutionaries preserving their political and organisational autonomy should n’t be seen as a form of sectarian defensiveness .
On the contrary , this autonomy should give us the confidence boldly to build the radical left on the broadest and most dynamic basis – but preserving an instrument that will be needed to wage the political battles that any real success will bring .
[ Alex Callinicos is professor of politics at the University of York in Britain and a leading member of the SWP . ]
The NPA , a new experience of building an anti-capitalist party ; a reply to Alex Callinicos
By François Sabado
Certain experiences involve a diversity of currents .
Although the political frontiers between these currents do not always appear clearly , on the other hand , in order to go forward , the question of support for or participation in centre - left or social - liberal governments is a fundamental dividing line in the politics of alliances or regroupment .
There are not only “ paths that diverge ” , but different politics and distinct projects .
When Callinicos ’s article , “ Where is the radical left going ? ” , evokes “ more positive experiences ” in connection with Die Linke in Germany and the NPA in France , it is in fact a question of two different projects .
In the case of Die Linke , we are dealing with a left reformist party : a party integrated into the institutions of the German State , a party the great majority of whose members come from the ex-PDS -- the party of the bureaucracy of the former GDR -- a party which has come out in favour of a common government with the SPD , lastly a party whose project of society comes down to the “ return to the Welfare State ” .
Admittedly , this party also reflects , in the west of Germany , a movement of radicalisation of certain sectors of the social movement , a step forward for the workers ’ movement .
But revolutionaries should not confuse these processes with the leadership of Die Linke , its reformist policies , its subordination to capitalist institutions , and its objectives of participation in government with the SPD .
The NPA on the other hand presents itself as an anti-capitalist party .
A party whose centre of gravity is centred on struggles , on the social movements and not in parliamentary institutions , a party whose founding characteristic is the rejection of any alliance or any participation in government with the centre - left or with social - liberalism , a party which does not stop at anti-liberalism but all of whose politics is directed towards a break with capitalism and the overthrow of the power of the ruling classes .
In all these cases , we are confronted with political formations : there are delimitations , programmes , policies , but they are not the same ones .
Anti-capitalist party or united front of a particular kind ?
Also , we cannot share the approach of Callinicos on the characterisation of the new formations of the radical left as “ a united front of a particular kind ” …
The SWP ’s conceptions were formulated by John Rees , one of their leaders , in the following way : “ The Socialist Alliance [ the precursor of Respect ] is thus best seen as a united front of a particular kind applied to the electoral field .
It seeks to unite left reformist activists and revolutionaries in a common campaign around a minimum programme ” . [ 1 ]
This conception , originally linked to the British experience , was generalised as “ the SWP ’s conception of the nature of the new formations of the radical left ” .
We disagree with this conception .
To use the term “ united front ” for the building of a party or a political formation really is an innovation .
The united front is a response to the problems that are posed by the united action or the unification of the workers or of the social movement and of their organisations .
The united front and the building of a party are two distinct things .
An anti-capitalist and / or revolutionary workers ’ party – over and above its precise definition - is a delimited political formation , on the basis of a programme and a comprehensive strategy of conquest of power by and for the workers .
An anti-capitalist party cannot be the organic expression of “ the whole class ” .
Even though it must seek to constitute “ a new representation of the workers ” , or the convergence of a series of political currents , it will nevertheless not make the other currents of the social movement or even the organisations that are “ reformist or of reformist origin ” led by bureaucratic apparatuses , disappear
The question of the united front remains posed .
Why should we not regard anti-capitalist parties as frameworks of the united front ?
Because if that were the case , it would amount to regarding these parties as a simple alliance or unitary framework - even of a particular kind - and thus to underestimating building them as a framework or a mediation necessary for the emergence of the revolutionary leaderships of tomorrow .
To consider the NPA as a united front framework would amount to “ toning down ” its political positions to make them compatible with the realisation of this united front .
For example , we do not make the unity of action of the workers ’ and social movement conditional on an agreement on the question of government .
Is that a reason for the NPA to give up or even relativise a battle on the question of government ?
No , we do not think so .
The NPA made the question of government – the refusal to participate in governments of class collaboration - a decisive delimitation of its political combat .
This example obviously demonstrates , but we could also evoke other examples , that the NPA is not a united front framework .
We want to build it as a coming together of experiences , activists and currents but especially as a party .
To regard it as a “ united front of a particular kind ” amounts to underestimating the battles that are necessary in order to build a political alternative .
This conception of “ a united front of a particular kind around a minimum programme ” led the leadership of the SWP to reproach the leadership of the LCR with having “ a negative and sometimes ultimatist attitude towards the collectives ” , when the LCR was putting at the centre of its political battle the refusal to take part in a government with the leadership of the Socialist Party ( PS ) .
With hindsight , dos the leadership of the SWP still think that these reproaches were well - founded ?
And today , when Jean Luc Mélenchon , one of the organisers of the socialist left , leaves the PS , while maintaining the continuity of his reformist conceptions , his positions on participation in or support for the Mitterrand and Jospin governments , and declaring that he wants to build a French “ Die Linke ” , what should be the attitude of revolutionaries ?
To support him and join in his proposals and projects for alliances with the French Communist Party , which maintains the perspective of governing tomorrow … with the PS , or to take into account his break with the PS , have a positive approach to unity of action with his current , but not confuse the building of an anti-capitalist left with the building of a left reformist party …
Once again , yes to unity of action - as we engaged in at the time of the No campaign in the referendum on Europe - and to debate , but knowing that the differences on the relationship to representative institutions and the attitudes concerning the question of government separate the electoral alternatives and the projects of building parties .
The building of a French Die Linke , in relation to the history of the revolutionary movement and to what has been accumulated by the NPA , would constitute a retreat for the building of an anti-capitalist alternative .
Whereas a whole sector influenced by the anti-capitalist left has taken its distance from the leaderships of the traditional left , to constitute a new left reformist force would represent a a step back for the workers ’ movement .
We would once again involve all this sector in “ reformist manoeuvres ” .
Conceptions of the type of the “ united front of a particular kind ” could then disarm us in defining a clear policy vis -à - vis this type of current .
This conception , which underestimates the strategic range of the differences on the questions of government and representative institutions , throws light on some of your international positions .
It can thus explain , in the policy of the comrades of the IST in Germany , a relativisation of the critique of the policies of the leadership of Die Linke on the question of participation in governments with the SPD .
In the same way , we can also note the indulgence of the comrades towards the new leadership of bloc Rifondazione Comunista in Italy .
At the last congress of Rifondazione , a “ left ” reaction by its members put the partisans of Bertinotti in a minority .
However the policy followed by the new leadership is in continuity with the historical positions of Rifondazione Comunista , and continues to endorse the policy of alliances with the Democratic Party in all the regional executives governed by the centre - left .
Lastly , did n’t this conception of “ a united front of a particular kind around a minimum programme ” contribute to disarming the leadership of the SWP vis-à - vis Galloway , for whom Respect had to “ [ sustain ] alliances with local Muslim notables who could deliver votes ” ?
To consider an anti-capitalist party as a united front framework can also lead to sectarian deviations …
If the united front is realised , even in a particular form , might we not be tempted to make everything go through the channel of the party , precisely underestimating the real battles for unity of action ?
Because the anti-capitalist party must combine the party activities of a party and an orientation of unitary action … because we have not forgotten , contrary to what Callinicos suggests , that reformism continues to exist , that the movement of the workers has divisions , differentiations , and that it is necessary to intervene to draw it together , to unify the workers and their organisations .
Once again , the united front , in all its varieties , is one thing .
Another thing is the building of a political alternative , which is the choice of the NPA .
What kind of revolutionary party ?
Alex Callinicos tries to catch us out by explaining to us that , although the NPA is an anti-capitalist party , it is “ not a revolutionary party in the specific sense in which it has been understood in the classical Marxist tradition ” .
We can discuss the classical Marxist tradition , extremely rich in its diversity .
Depending on the history , the degree of strategic clarification , on principles and organisational tactics , without forgetting the various interpretations of this or that revolutionary current , there are several models .
It is true that the NPA is not the replica of the revolutionary organisations of the period after May ‘ 68 .
Anti-capitalist parties like the NPA do not start from general historical or ideological definitions .
Their starting point is “ a common understanding of events and tasks ” on the questions that are key for intervening in the class struggle .
Not a sum of tactical questions , but the key political questions , like the question of a programme for political intervention around an orientation of class unity and independence .
In this movement , there is a place and even a necessity for other histories , other references coming from the most varied origins .
Does that make it a party without a history , a programme and delimitations ?
No .
It has a history , a continuity : that of class struggles , the best of the socialist , communist , libertarian and revolutionary Marxist traditions .
It situates itself in the revolutionary traditions of the contemporary world , basing itself , more precisely , on the long chain of French revolutions from1793 to May ‘ 68 , via the days of 1848 , the Paris Commune and the general strike of 1936 .
The NPA is also a type of party which tries to answer the needs of a new historical period – which opened at the end of the 20th and the beginning of the 21st century - and to the need to refound a socialist programme faced with the combined historical crisis of capitalism and of the environment of the planet .
Faced with such challenges , the NPA affirms itself as a revolutionary party rather in the sense given by Ernest Mandel in the following lines .
“ What is a revolution ?
A revolution is the radical overthrow , in a short time , of economic structures and ( or ) political power , by the tumultuous action of broad masses .
It is also the abrupt transformation of the mass of the people from a more or less passive object into a decisive actor of political life .
A revolution breaks out when these masses decide to put an end to conditions of existence that seem to them unbearable .
It thus always expresses a grave crisis of a given society .
This crisis has its roots in a crisis of the structures of domination .
But it also expresses a loss of legitimacy of governments , a loss of patience , on the part of broad popular sectors .
Revolutions are , in the end , inevitable – the real locomotives of historical progress - precisely because domination by a class cannot be eliminated by the road of reforms .
Reforms can at the most soften it , not suppress it .
Slavery was not abolished by reforms .
The absolutist monarchy of the ancien regime was not abolished by reforms .
Revolutions were necessary in order to eliminate them . ”
“ Why are we revolutionaries today ? ”
Ernest Mandel , La Gauche January 10 , 1989 .
It is true that this definition is more general than the strategic , even politico - military hypotheses which provided the framework for the debates of the 1970s , which were at that time illuminated by the revolutionary crises of the 20th century .
Anti-capitalist parties like the NPA are “ revolutionary ” , in the sense that they want to put an end to capitalism - “ the radical overthrow of economic and political structures ( thus state structures ) of power ” - and the building of a socialist society implies revolutions where those below drive out those above , and “ take the power to change the world ” .
They have a strategic programme and delimitations , but these are not completed .
Let us recall that Lenin , including against part of the leadership of the Bolshevik Party , changed or substantially modified his strategic framework in April 1917 , in the middle of a revolutionary crisis .
He went from the “ democratic dictatorship of the workers and peasants ” to the need for a socialist revolution and the power of the workers ’ councils …
Certainly , Lenin had consolidated over the years a party based on the objective of a radical overthrow of Tsarism , on the refusal of any alliance with the democratic bourgeoisie , and on the independence of the forces of the working - class allied with the peasantry .
And this preparatory phase was decisive .
But many questions were decided in the very course of the revolutionary process .
Many things have changed compared to the period after May ‘ 68 , and more generally compared to a whole historical period marked by the driving power of the Russian Revolution .
It is more than thirty years since the advanced capitalist countries experienced revolutionary or pre-revolutionary situations .
The examples that we can use are based on the revolutions of the past .
But , once again , we do not know what the revolutions of the 21st century will be like .
The new generations will learn much from experience and many questions remain open .
What we can and must do is to solidly base the parties that we build on a series of “ strong ” references , drawn from the experience and the intervention of recent years , which constitute a programmatic and strategic foundation .
Let us recall them : an anti-capitalist transitional programme which combines immediate demands and transitional demands , a redistribution of wealth , the challenging of capitalist property , social appropriation of the economy , class unity and independence , a break with the economy and the central institutions of the capitalist state , the rejection of any policy of class collaboration , the taking into account of the ecosocialist perspective , the revolutionary transformation of society …
Recent debates have led us to make more precise our conceptions of violence .
We have reaffirmed that “ it was not the revolutions that were violent but the counter - revolutions ” , as in Spain in 1936 or in Chile in 1973 , that the use of violence aimed at protecting a revolutionary process against violence from the ruling classes .
So in what respect does this new party constitute a change with regard to the LCR ?
It must be a party that is broader than the LCR .
A party which does not incorporate the entire history of Trotskyism and which has the ambition of making possible new revolutionary syntheses .
A party which is not reduced to the unity of revolutionaries .
A party which dialogues with millions of workers and young people .
A party which translates its fundamental programmatic references into popular explanations , agitation and formulas .
From this point of view , the campaigns of Olivier Besancenot constitute a formidable starting point .
A party which is capable of conducting wide - ranging debates on the fundamental questions which affect society : the crisis of capitalism , global warming , bio-ethics , etc .
A party of activists and adherents which makes it possible to integrate thousands of young people and workers with their social and political experience , preserving their links with the backgrounds they come from .
A pluralist party which brings together a whole series of anti-capitalist currents .
We do not want a second LCR or an enlarged and broader version of the LCR .
To make a success of the gamble we are taking , this party must represent a new political reality , follow in the tradition of the revolutionary movement , and contribute to inventing the revolutions and the socialism of the 21st century .
To avoid reformist temptations , really build an anti-capitalist party !
In spite of these delimitations , Callinicos remains sceptical : “ The LCR ’s solution to the problem seems to be to install a kind of programmatic security - lock – commitment to anti-capitalism and opposition to centre - left governments .
But this is unlikely to work : the more successful the NPA , the more it is likely to come under reformist pressures and temptations ” .
Why such fatalism ?
Why would the development of the NPA automatically lead to reformist temptations ?
It is necessary from this point of view to make the difference between a “ spontaneous trade - unionism ” [ 2 ] , to take up a formula of Lenin , and reformism as a political project and organisation , and even an apparatus …
And this “ spontaneous trade - unionism ” , although it can constitute an environment that is favourable to reformist ideas , can also , faced with the increasing alignment of the reformist apparatuses on capitalist politics , move towards radical anti-capitalist , even revolutionary , positions , especially when the capitalist system is entering a phase where it is reaching its historical limits .
It is logical , if we build a popular , pluralist , broad , open party , that this party will come under all sorts of pressures .
If it did not , that would be abnormal .
But why should these pressures be expressed in crystallised reformist positions ?
There is and there can be a tension between the anti-capitalist character of the new party and the fact that workers , young people , even a series of personalities , join the new party quite simply because they seek a real left party , starting in particular from the interventions of Olivier Besancenot .
These new members can indeed be combative but full of illusions .
This is the case with every mass party , even one that is in a minority .
That is when it will be necessary to discuss and educate .
That implies even more giving a “ strong ” content to the political responses of the NPA and carefully maintaining the radical character and the independence of the party .
In the same way , if these parties want to play a part in the reorganisation of the social movements , they must be pluralist .
Many sensibilities must find their place in their ranks , including “ consistent reformist ” activists and currents , but that does not automatically mean that the problem is posed in terms of struggles between the revolutionary current and crystallised reformist currents which would have to be fought .
The key question is that all the currents and activists of the NPA , over and above their positions on “ reform and revolution ” , put “ the class struggle ” at the centre and subordinate their positions in representative institutions to struggles and social movements .
Of course , we cannot exclude the hypothesis of a confrontation between reformists and revolutionaries .
But it is not very probable , with the present political delimitations of the NPA , that bureaucratic reformist currents will join or crystallise …
In a first historical phase of building the party , the role of revolutionaries is to do everything they can so that the process of constitution of the party really does give birth to a new political reality .
That implies that revolutionaries avoid projecting the debates of the former revolutionary organisation into the new party .
As soon as the NPA has taken off , there will of course be discussions , differentiations , currents .
Perhaps certain debates will correspond to cleavages between revolutionary perspectives and more or less consistent reformism .
But even in these cases , the debate will not take the form of a political battle opposing a bureaucratic reformist bloc to the revolutionaries .
Things will be more mixed , depending on the experience of the new party itself .
Is it necessary to organise , in a separate way , a revolutionary current in the NPA ?
There too , there is no model .
In many anti-capitalist parties , there are one or more revolutionary currents , when these parties are in fact fronts or federations of currents .
This is the case of the militants of the Fourth International in Brazil , in the framework of the “ Enlace ” current .
Without organising themselves as political currents related to the national political life of these parties , certain sections of the Fourth International can be organised in ideological associations or sensibilities .
This is for example the case of the ASR within the Left Bloc in Portugal , and of the SAP within the Red - Green Alliance in Denmark .
We can also find this type of current in other broader organisations or parties .
This schema does not work for the NPA .
First of all for fundamental reasons , namely the anti-capitalist and revolutionary “ in the broad sense ” character of the NPA , and the general identity of views between the positions of the LCR and those of the NPA .
There are and there will of course be political differences between the LCR and the NPA , a greater heterogeneity and a great diversity of positions within the NPA , but the political bases under discussion for the founding congress of the new party already show political convergences between the ex-LCR and the future NPA .
Also , even though the NPA already constitutes another reality than the LCR , even though it is the possible crucible of an anti-capitalist pluralism , it is not justified today to build a separate revolutionary current in the NPA .
There is also a specific relation between the ex-LCR and the NPA .
The ex-LCR represents the only national organisation taking part in the constitution of the NPA .
There are other currents , like the Fraction of Lutte Ouvriere , the Gauche revolutionnaire , communist activists , libertarians , but there are not , unfortunately , at this stage , organisations of a weight equivalent to that of the LCR .
If that had been the case , the problem would be posed in different terms .
In the present relationship of forces , the separate organisation of the ex-LCR in the NPA would block the process of building the new party .
It would install a system of Russian dolls which would only create mistrust and dysfunctions .
Lastly , the NPA does not start from nothing .
It results from a whole experience of members of the ex-LCR , but also of thousands of others who have forged an opinion in a battle to defend a line of independence with respect to social liberalism and reformism .
There is thus a militant synergy within the NPA , where revolutionary positions intersect with other political positions coming from other origins , other histories , other experiences .
Only new political tests will lead to new alignments within the NPA , not former political attachments …
It is an unprecedented gamble in the history of the revolutionary workers ’ movement , but the game is worth the candle .
We will advance as we walk …
[ François Sabado is a member of the executive bureau of the Fourth International and of the national leadership of the Revolutionary Communist League ( LCR , French section of the Fourth International ) .
Germany approves a de facto Huawei ban
Handelsblatt has the story this morning about a coalition agreement on the main planks of new 5G security legislation .
The bottom line is that Huawei will be excluded .
But what is interesting is how the German government seeks to bring about this outcome : not through a ban , but by entangling Huawei in a web of bureaucracy .
We think this legislation falls in the having - your - cake - and - eating - it category .
Or , as they say in England , too clever by half .
This is how it will work : the approval process occurs in two stages .
The first is a security assessment .
The second is a political process that involves the big ministries , especially foreign and interior .
Everyone has to agree as a precondition for a component licence to be granted .
The institution that will co-ordinate the entire process is the federal office for information security .
We agree with an assessment by one of the experts quoted in the article , that this procedure will effectively mean the exclusion of Huawei .
The federal office for information security has warned against Huawei components .
Its most important concern is not related to data protection , but the potential sabotage of critical infrastructure , or of companies that become reliant on the technology .
In an internal paper quoted by the newspaper , the German foreign ministry concluded that Chinese companies cannot be trusted with such sensitive projects .
That assessment is also shared by Germany 's federal intelligence service .
Handelsblatt reports that the two coalition partners reached agreement on outstanding issues .
The legislation is now in the final drafting stage .
Cabinet will vote on it in November .
The legislation will then pass to the Bundestag .
There was pressure from the SPD and sections of the CDU in favour of an outright ban of Huawei , but judging by the first reactions to the compromise , we think it will find a majority .
An interesting snippet of information is that Peter Altmaier , who opposed restrictions against Huawei , has been sidelined in the discussions .
They forgot to invite the German economics minister to the final round of talks .
Altmaier emerged as the mercantilist - in - chief in the German government .
But , on this issue , the foreign and interior ministries have taken the lead .
The procedure relates only to critical components , but there are many of them .
This is not a pre-defined list , because technology changes quickly .
Critical components exist in both the macro and the small - cell parts of a 5G network .
In such a network , much of the critical data processing tasks happen at the periphery level .
We agree with Handelsblatt 's assessment that this constitutes a typically German compromise .
The German government is really scared of Chinese reprisals , so it does not want to offend the Chinese with an outright ban .
At the same time , Germany cannot break ranks with the US , the UK or France .
So it goes for this hideously complex compromise .
The expectation is that Germany 's main mobile operators , Deutsche Telekom , Vodafone and Telefonica , will begin reducing orders from Huawei and shift towards its European competitors .
The chiefs of those three companies have warned that the cost of excluding Huawei would be € 55bn in Germany alone .
a percent of any number can be found by the following steps :
1 ) move the percent decimal two places to the left
sample : 3.9 % = .039
2 ) multiply those results ( the " .039 " ) by the number you want the percent of ( 55000 )
------------------------------------------------
to find a percent its the opposite :
the format is ...
1 ) number of percent you want to find divided by the full lump sum
2 ) multiply those results by 100
Eugenetica e distruzione della famiglia umana
Roberto Dal Bosco
Vediamo con chiarezza l’idea della tecnologia come mezzo per distruggere la morale : con la piagnucolante foglia di fico borghese del « desiderio di famiglia » , che aiuta i moderati e i liberali a digerire overtonianamente tali aberrazioni .
In breve , stiamo trattando davvero della riformulazione antropologica , biologica , genetica della famiglia umana .
Il superuomo Soros , Epstein e la stampa italiana
Benedetto Falchi
Ad intervistare Soros mandano Mario Calvo - Platero , uno che nella Grande Mela è a suo agio , uno nel giro degli italiani spuntati dell ’agendina nera di Epstein ( molti dei quali dell ’area FIAT , come Repubblica , per cui scrive ) .
Platero è pure il marito della migliore amica di Ghislaine Maxwell .
Questo fanno , peraltro , per sputazzare in faccia a noi malpensanti , brutti complottisti .
Beirut , la dottrina Dahiyah : morte e distruzione senza proporzione
Roberto Dal Bosco
La distruzione di un punto nevralgico di una città , l’affondamento di una nave , la morte e il ferimento di migliaia di cittadini colpiti dall ’ onda d’urto .
Si colpisce il cuore di un agglomerato vivente , e addirittura la riserva di energia biologica – il cibo – di un Paese .
Sarebbe , di certo , una nuova fase del terrorismo – cioè del terrore di Stato – giunto nella sua forma più assassina e nichilista mai vista .
Meredith Viera asks John McCain about the fact that the Iraqi government keeps praising his opponent 's vision of forward - looking Iraq policy .
McCain retorts :
I have been there too many times .
I 've met too many times with him , and I know what they want .
They want it based on conditions and of course they would like to have us out , that 's what happens when you win wars , you leave .
We may have a residual presence there as even Senator Obama has admitted .
But the fact is that it should be -- the agreement between Prime Minister Maliki , the Iraqi government and the United states is it will be based on conditions .
This is a great success , but it 's fragile , and could be reversed very easily .
I think we should trust the word of General Petraeus who has orchestrated this dramatic turnaround .
A few points .
Clearly , it would be a bad idea to totally ignore the views of General Petraeus at CENTCOM .
And you 're also going to want to talk to General Odierno commanding US forces in Iraq .
And you 're going to want to talk to a variety of other civilian and military officials responsible for US policy in Iraq and around the region .
You do n't want to just ignore anyone 's point of view .
But by the same token you can't ignore Maliki 's perspective .
That 's not even a question of Maliki versus Petraeus , it 's a question of Maliki 's views being relevant to Petraeus giving any serious assessment of the situation .
Until these past couple of weeks it was n't even controversial to say that if the Iraqi government wants us to go , we should go .
The debate was about whether we should go even if they want us to stay .
Second -- the arrogance on display here is stunning .
McCain is saying we should ignore the expressed views of the Iraqi government because he knows ( through telepathy ?
experience ?
" cred " ? ) that secretly these are n't their views .
That 's ridiculous .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Dimming down :
How the brainpower of today 's 14 - year - olds has slipped ' radically ' in just one generation
Bright teenagers are a disappearing breed , an alarming new study has revealed .
The intellectual ability of the country 's cleverest youngsters has declined radically , almost certainly due to the rise of TV and computer games and over - testing in schools .
The ' high - level thinking ' skills of 14 - year - olds are now on a par with those of 12 - year - olds in 1976 .
The findings contradict national results which have shown a growth in top grades in SATs at 14 , GCSEs and A - levels .
The intelligence of Britain 's youth is being dumbed down , which experts say is down to television and video games .
Posed by model
But Michael Shayer , the professor of applied psychology who led the study , believes that is the result of exam standards ' edging down ' .
His team of researchers at London 's King 's College tested 800 13 and 14 - year - olds and compared the results with a similar exercise in 1976 .
The tests were intended to measure understanding of abstract scientific concepts such as volume , density , quantity and weight , which set pupils up for success not only in maths and science but also in English and history .
One test asked pupils to study a pendulum swinging on a string and investigate the factors that cause it to change speed .
A second involved weights on a beam .
In the pendulum test , average achievement was much the same as in 1976 .
But the proportion of teenagers reaching top grades , demanding a ' higher level of thinking ' , slumped dramatically .
Just over one in ten were at that level , down from one in four in 1976 .
In the second test , assessing mathematical thinking skills , just one in 20 pupils were achieving the high grades - down from one in five in 1976 .
Professor Shayer said : ' The pendulum test does not require any knowledge of science at all .
' It looks at how people can deal with complex information and sort it out for themselves . '
He believes most of the downturn has occurred over the last ten to 15 years .
It may have been hastened by the introduction of national curriculum testing and accompanying targets , which have cut the time available for teaching which develops more advanced skills .
Critics say schools concentrate instead on drilling children for the tests .
' The moment you introduce targets , people will find the most economical strategies to achieve them , ' said Professor Shayer .
A study found the high - level thinking skills of 14 - year - olds are now on par with a 12 - year - old in 1976 .
Posed by models
' In the case of education , I 'm sure this has had an effect on driving schools away from developing higher levels of understanding .'
He added that while the numeracy hour in primary schools appears to have led to some gains , it has ' squeezed out a lot of things teachers might otherwise be doing ' .
Professor Shayer believes the decline in brainpower is also linked to changes in children 's leisure activities .
The advent of multi-channel TV has encouraged passive viewing while computer games , particularly for boys , are feared to have supplanted time spent playing with tools , gadgets and other mechanisms .
Professor Shayer warned that without the development of higher - order thinking skills ,
the future supply of scientists will be compromised .
' We do n't even have enough scientists now , ' he said .
Previous research by Professor Shayer has shown that 11 - year - olds ' grasp of concepts such as volume , density , quantity and weight appears to have declined over the last 30 years .
Their mental abilities were up to three years behind youngsters tested in in 1975 .
His latest findings , due to appear in the British Journal of Educational Psychology , come in the wake of a report by Dr Aric Sigman which linked the decline in intellectual ability to a shift away from art and craft skills in both schools and the home .
Dr Sigman said practical activities such as building models and sandcastles , making dens , using tools , playing with building blocks , knitting , sewing and woodwork were being neglected .
Yet they helped develop vital skills such as understanding dimension , volume and density .
Earlier this month the Government bowed to mounting pressure and scrapped SATs for 14 - year - olds .
Ministers have also created an independent exams watchdog and promised a return to traditional , open - ended questions at A - level plus a new A* grade to mark out the brightest students .
A spokesman for the Department for Children said last night : ' Good teachers do not need to teach to the test and there is no evidence that such practice is widespread .
' We have already taken steps to reduce the testing burden , but targets and testing are integral features of any work to drive up standards . '
Last month an Ofsted report said millions of teenagers were finishing compulsory education with a weak grasp of maths because half of the country 's schools fail to teach the subject as well as they could .
Inspectors said teachers were increasingly drilling pupils to pass exams instead of encouraging them to understand crucial concepts .
The report said : ' It is of vital importance to shift from a narrow emphasis towards a focus on pupils ' mathematical understanding .'
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Hamas has fired multiple rockets into Israel hours after six fighters died during Israel 's first major incursion into the Gaza Strip since June 's truce .
Israel said 35 rockets and mortars were fired , but gave no word on casualties .
Troops had entered Gaza to destroy what Israel said was a tunnel dug by militants to abduct its troops .
One militant died in the gunfight , and a subsequent Israeli air strike on Hamas positions in southern Gaza killed at least five fighters , medics said .
An Israeli military spokeswoman said three air strikes took place , targeting militants who had fired mortars and rockets at Israeli forces .
The fighting broke out on Tuesday evening as Israeli tanks and a bulldozer moved 250 m into the central part of the coastal enclave , backed by military aircraft , says the BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Ramallah .
Residents of central Gaza 's el - Bureij refugee camp said a missile fired from an unmanned Israeli drone flying over the area injured another three Hamas gunmen .
' Harsh response '
A truce between the two sides had so far largely held since it was declared on 19 June , although according to the Israeli military dozens of rockets and missiles have been fired in the past four and a half months .
Israel said Tuesday 's raid was not a violation of the ceasefire , but rather a legitimate step to remove an immediate threat .
Gaza residents ' terribly trapped '
But the militant wing of Hamas said it would take revenge for what it said was an act of Israeli aggression that had violated the truce .
" Our response will be harsh , and the enemy will play a heavy price , " the Islamist group said in a statement on its website .
Israel tightened a blockade on Gaza after Hamas took control there in June 2007 .
Israel said the blockade , under which it has allowed little more than basic humanitarian aid into Gaza , was needed to isolate Hamas and stop it and other militants from firing rockets .
But a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said earlier she had been taken aback by the " terrible " conditions for the Gaza Strip 's 1.4 m residents during a recent visit .
Mary Robinson told the BBC it was " almost unbelievable " the world did not care about what she called " a shocking violation of so many human rights " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of my all - time favorite pastimes is saleing .
Garage saleing , yard saleing , rummage saleing , you name it .
If there ’s a large pile of household junk that someone ’s selling , then I ’ll be there , picking through it .
It ’s hard to explain ; there ’s just something sublime about finding stuff that I definitely do n’t need and then incessantly haggling over its price .
Like all passionate salers , I dream that one day I ’ll find that Joseph Decker original worth a cool million and actually fork over a full $ 5.00 for it .
But until then , I ’m perfectly content with the “ lesser treasures ” that I ’ll come across , such as Louis A. Safian ’s 1965 masterpiece entitled 2000 Insults for All Occasions .
When I first saw the book wedged in amongst a stack of other musty hardbacks , I was a bit skeptical that it was worth the steep , 50 ¢ asking price .
But when I read the introduction , written by Mr. “ Master of the Insult ” Safian himself , I was sold .
How often have you felt the need at a given moment for a whimsical wisecrack or a waggish quip to put a spark in your conversation ?
Why be caught with your gags down ?
You ca n’t win in a battle of wits unless you are properly armed with a repertoire of rapid - fire repartee , a capsule caricature , a salty sally , or a snappy comeback .
The unabashed purpose of this compilation is to enable you , at the drop of a gag , to place your comic , laconic stamps on the idiosyncrasies of diverse specimens of the human race .
Edged with the sharp barbs of truth , this thesaurus of sizzling flipquickies , mad -libs , bright slayings , and tongue - whippers offers you a well - stocked arsenal for the fullest expression of your critical faculties .
Since the last thing I needed was to get caught with my gags down , it was imperative that I get that book .
No matter what the cost , it had to be mine .
And fortunately , after haggling down to a cool 35 ¢ , it finally was .
The only thing that remained was figuring out how to integrate this comedic compendium in my day - to - day .
“ Alphabetically arranged according to the target of your pointed dart , ” Safian eloquently described , “ it is a ready reference for assassinating asses , burying boors , demolishing stuff shirts , knocking the knockers , putting the kibosh on the kibitzers , prodding the pompous , shrinking the egotists ’ heads , and squelching the pest . ”
Easy enough : all I ’d need to do is pick my target , flip to appropriate page , and lay down the laugh .
With forty - nine different categories to choose from , there were plenty to go around .
Here are but a few of my options :
Big Heads Chatterboxes Cream Puffs Dumbbells Goat - Getters Idlers Show - oafs Woolgathers Un-altar - able Beaus
As it turned out , Mike over in business development tends to blab incessantly , so I decided to go on the offensive .
Flipping to Chatterboxes on page 27 , I picked out several insults to conquer him in a battle of wits :
You should rent your mouth out as a fly - catcher .
Your tongue is so long , you can seal an envelope after you put it in the mailbox .
you put it in the mailbox .
The way you monopolize the party line , if anyone needs a doctor they have to put an ad in the paper .
Ba-zzzing !
Guess who was speechless after that .
Since the great power of insult comes with great responsibility , I put my handy guide away for when I ’d really need it .
Fortunately , that time came much sooner than I would have ever anticipated .
Later that day , a certain developer broke the build .
And that could only mean one thing : it was time for page 53 , Dumbbells !
They ’ve named a town after you , Marblehead , Massachusetts .
You ’re full of brotherly love .
You always stop anyone who ’s beating a donkey .
You looked for a get - well card in the German language because your friend had German measles .
You had a pair of bloomers tattooed on your chest because you always wanted a chest with drawers .
I did n’t enjoy being so cruel , but there have to be consequences for breaking the build .
A couple days later , I was presented with yet another opportunity to whip out the insults .
You see , outside my office there are a handful of concrete benches / planters that people sit on , eat their lunch , chat , or whatever .
But the skateboarding teenagers prefer more vandalous activities : waxing , grinding , and just ruining otherwise - nice public property .
Generally , an angry “ hey , you kids !
Get out of here ” will send them scurrying .
But page 129 , Juvenile Delinquents , was all I needed to add a little extra bam in my scolding :
You ’re very careful about your health ; you only smoke filter - tipped marijuanas !
You ’d be smarter if you smarted in the right places !
You are a real sadist ; you lock the bathroom on the nights of your grandfather ’s beer parties .
You can bet that those punks would n’t come back a ’skateboarding anytime soon .
All told , 2000 Insults for All Occasions has been a wonderful addition to my library .
I ’d hate to hoard all of the insult wealth , so I ’ll leave you with this collection of zingers that ’s sure to “ add luster to your reputation as a wit , clever epigramist , and an astute caricaturist . ”
Flat Tires
Girls return his letters marked “ Fourth Class Male . ”
She ’s two - thirds married – she ’s willing and so is her mother .
He as the personality of the back wall of a handball court .
She went to college for four years – and whom did it get her ?
Optimists
He asks his wife to help him with the dishes .
He ’s as bald as a billiard ball , but he buys hair restorers that have combs with every bottle .
He goes into hotel without baggage , and asks to have a check cashed .
Tightwads
He drinks with impunity – in fact , with anyone who ’ll buy .
He ’s so tight , when he winks his kneecaps move .
He takes his wife window - wishing regularly every week .
He ’s so niggardly , he takes his kids ’ glasses off when they ’re not looking at anything .
Playgirls
The only time she says “ stop ” is when she sends a telegram .
When a fellow gets fresh , she counts to ten– thousand .
When the little bell on her typewriter rings , she thinks it means a coffee break .
Snobs
He ’s such a blue blood , he never uses a fountain pen when he writes .
He just cuts his finger .
She even wallpapers the insides of the medicine chest and the refrigerator .
He ’s as snooty as a clerk in a swank shop ringing up “ No Sale ” on a $ 25 purchase .
Even when they ’re finally buried , they ’ll try to keep up with the mausoleum crowd .
It is the best of times , it is the worst of times .
The best of times because W.’s long Reign of Error is about to end .
The worst of times because , well , you know why .
In this season of darkness , as Charles Dickens described an earlier mob scene , I ’m feeling as vengeful and bloodthirsty as Madame Defarge sharpening her knitting needles at the guillotine .
I even felt a little thrill go up my leg , as Chris Matthews would put it , when I heard that the Lehman Brothers C.E.O. , Richard Fuld , got punched in the company gym after it was announced that the firm was going under .
I ca n’t wait to see the tumbrels rumble up and down Wall Street picking up the heedless and greedy financial aristocracy that plundered and sundered free - market capitalism .
Icelanders found it difficult to cope with soaring prices
The annual rate of inflation in Iceland has escalated to a record high of 17.1 % as the country battles the worst financial crisis in its history .
The Icelandic statistics agency said prices rose in November alone by 1.74 % compared to the previous month .
Food prices increased fastest , up 30.6 % over the year , as the country 's currency plummeted .
The agency warned that inflation rate could rise beyond 20 % in the future , threatening the economy .
At its last meeting , at the beginning of November , the Icelandic central bank left interest rates unchanged at 18 % , the highest level in Europe , in an effort to fight inflation .
Prices of imported goods have risen fast after the local currency , the Icelandic krona , plunged amid global financial turmoil .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has recently approved a $ 2.1 bn ( £ 1.4bn ) loan for Iceland , after the country 's banking system collapsed in October .
Iceland 's government seized control of all three of the nation 's major banks in a bid to keep the country 's financial system afloat .
Colin Powell endorsed Barack Obama today , listing McCain ’s selection of Sarah Palin as one of the reasons why .
Shocking !
Is it gross – sure .
Yet the picture sums up the last eight years of foreign policy quite nicely , do n’t ya think ?
We ’ve suffered through too much of this cowboy politics crap ( pun intended ) to allow it to happen again .
But that ’s exactly what we ’re getting with Palin – more crap !
Hell , even Colin Powell is jumping party lines because of this lady .
It ’s the same political myopia as George W. but with a nicer rack .
For example , how could any politician admit to not focusing on the war in Iraq …much ?
What has she been doing since 2003 ?
And can we afford another administration who thinks God speaks to them ?
Seriously , that kinda thing never really works out for the best .
From Think Progress
Palin Has n’t Given The War In Iraq Much Thought .
Palin told the Alaska Business Monthly , “ I ’ve been so focused on state government , I have n’t really focused much on the war in Iraq .
I heard on the news about the new deployments , and while I support our president , Condoleezza Rice and the administration , I want to know that we have an exit plan in place . ”
[ Alaska Business Monthly , 3/1/07 ]
Palin Has Never Been To Iraq .
In her only trip overseas , Palin visited Alaska National Guard troops stationed in Kuwait and Germany in July 2007 .
[ AP , 7/25/07 ]
Palin Believes That The Iraq War Is A Task ‘ From God . ’
Speaking at the Wasilla Assembly of God church in June , Palin said that “ our leaders , our national leaders , are sending [ U.S. soldiers ] out on a task that is from God . ” [ Huffington Post , 9/2/08 ]
Palin Believes The Iraq War Was Fought Over Oil .
“ We are a nation at war and in many [ ways ] the reasons for war are fights over energy sources , ” Palin told BusinessWeek in an interview .
[ BusinessWeek , 8/29/08 ]
Palin Did n’t Have A Passport Until 2007 .
Palin first obtained a passport in July 2007 for her trip to Kuwait and Germany to visit Alaska National Guard troops .
Her only other trips outside of the United States have been to Canada and Mexico .
A Palin spokeswoman had previously said that Palin had also been to Ireland , although it was actually just a “ refueling stop ” on her Germany / Kuwait trip .
[ New York Times , 8/29/08 ; Politico , 9/2/08 ; ABC
News , 9/12/08 ]
Palin Has Never Issued An Order To The Alaska National Guard .
Maj. Gen. Craig Campbell , the service commander of the Alaska National Guard , has stated that Palin has never personally ordered the National Guard to do anything .
[ McClatchy , 9/4/08 ]
Palin Is Unaware Of The Bush Doctrine .
During an interview with ABC ’s Charlie Gibson , Palin was stumped about the Bush Doctrine , thinking it was the President ’s “ worldview . ” [ ABC News , 9/11/08 ]
Related posts :
Amy Poehler does the ‘ Sarah Palin Rap ’ on SNL [ w/ video ]
Palin Protests Federal Listing of Beluga Whales as Endangered
Setting the Record Straight : Sarah Palin and the Bridge to Nowhere
Image source : saintbob on Flickr
Dumb Little Man is a perennial supporter of Blog Action Day .
Last year , I wrote about recycling as the topic pertained to ‘ going green ’ .
That was simple .
This year , the focus is on poverty .
As I write this , I am riddled in what I can only call an epiphanic moment .
The myth is that I believed my family and I were doing enough to help .
I quickly learned that I am a mental weakling on this topic due to my ignorance and complete lack of concern to the conditions in neighborhoods and countries that I do n’t see .
For the first time in a long time , I am disappointed in myself and I admit it .
While some may insist that I am inserting drama into this , I can assure you that I ’m not .
As an example , consider that from middle - class suburbia I donate clothes to the poor every year .
It ’s not earth - shattering but it ’s something .
However , let ’s be honest – it ’s not entirely because I am helping the poor .
Although I feel good during the actual drop - off , it ’s the tax deduction that I am after .
While that may not be the lesson I teach the kids on the way to the drop - off site , it ’s reality .
Although I personally enjoy helping people , I am now realizing that there is a selfish side , a ‘ what ’s in it for me ‘ attitude that persists when it comes to poverty or homelessness .
I am not indicating that I have evidence of a broad global problem but my hunch is that this attitude is indeed widespread .
This realization is painful to admit .
I have been too busy worrying about what size monitor I have , if my blog is updated , and who is visiting my Facebook page .
I hope I am alone and that most people genuinely go out of their way to help humanity but that ca n’t be the case .
Personally , I am resolving to do more so consider the following as my elementary education into poverty , charity and becoming more giving .
Perhaps you will find some benefit in it .
Out of sight , Out of mind
This is an excuse that we all use .
It ’s simple to turn off the TV when you see Bono talking about poverty .
It ’s simple to hit ‘ home ’ on your browser when you come across an article about undernourishment in some other country .
Our problems are not that we do n’t get information , it ’s that we ’re too busy ( or choose to be too busy ) to reflect on the information and then ultimately act on it .
I do n’t believe my epiphany will lead to Jay White , The Crusader .
However , I will make a concentrated effort to learn more and at least identify what I can personally do whether it ’s helping locally with an organization like PADS or through a legitimate global organization .
You are Not Moving Mountains – We Are
I will never forget those Sally Struthers ’ infomercials .
No matter how many times I saw the images of the skinny little boy with a mosquito stinging his eye ( not pictured ) , it always touched me – until I changed channels .
In her infomercials , she always used to say something like , “ for just pennies a day you can help . ”
The point here is that you alone do n’t have to support someone or something , it ’s the group as a whole that will make a difference .
Do n’t turn your shoulder just because you think your $ 2 is insignificant .
My suburb has 15,000 people .
If 50 % of us donated $ 2 , we ’d have $ 15 K .
That ’s enough to do something .
Is Cash King ?
Money is the American way and for most people , contributing a few bucks makes them feel good inside .
I am not downplaying cash ; it is important and all good causes need cash .
However , I truly feel that being there , in the midst of poverty , will change your outlook in a way that a monetary donation never will .
As we approach the holiday season , why not donate your time instead of your cash ?
If you have children , consider bringing them with to help at a warming station .
A two hour investment will impact you for years .
Note : it ’s does n’t have to be holiday season to help .
Here or There ?
There is an ongoing debate regarding who and where to help .
If there are any Oprah Winfrey fans in the house , you ’ll recall the flack she received after funding and starting a school in Africa .
“ Why not help the kids in Chicago ? ” , everyone asked .
Listen , I am not going to get into a debate on who you should help .
However , there is something near and dear to all of us and there are causes that we can support and feel good about .
Find something that makes you feel good and act on it .
Finding a Cause to Support
This has historically been a problem because people want to know specifically where their money goes .
To help dissect the plethora of charities , you can visit sites like Charity Navigator or Donor ’s Choose .
You can even go as far as loaning entrepreneurs money in poverty stricken areas by using sites like Kiva .
Action
I have n’t yet decided how I am going to change my behavior .
As recent as yesterday , I was ignorantly pleased with myself .
I do know however that it ’s going to be a family decision ; I want my kids to be just as involved as me and my wife .
I do n’t expect to take a trip to Rwanda , but I can gaurantee that my family will soon be making a difference , albeit small , somewhere .
What are YOU going to do
Testimonials
HAPPY COUPLES TELL THEIR STORIES !
Did ZombieHarmony work for you ?
Share it with others on your blog or website !
Copy and paste the HTML code below into your blog or website
Created by Mingle2.com ( Dating for non-zombies )
Copy and paste the HTML code below into your blog or website
Created by Mingle2.com ( Dating for non-zombies )
Doctors says that cases of an incorrect diagnosis are rare Doctors are being given tips to help them diagnose when someone is dead .
Although a patient coming back from the dead is rare , there is enough ambiguity in diagnosing death that doctors need guidance , experts have decided .
Rapid advances in life support , where machines take over the breathing of the moribund , have complicated the diagnosis , for example .
The Academy of Medical Royal Colleges ' UK guidelines cover situations like hypothermia and drug - induced coma .
Back from the dead
There have been instances when people exposed to extreme cold have been presumed dead but have later shown signs of life again when their core body temperature has risen again .
Sedative drugs can also make a person appear to be dead when they are not .
This new guidance for the first time clearly spells out when it is appropriate to diagnose death
Sir Peter Simpson , the report author
The report 's author , anaesthetist Sir Peter Simpson , said diagnosing death could be difficult .
" There are issues when people die in unusual circumstances with unusual sedative drugs on board or other extraneous things like low body temperature when it is inappropriate to confirm death .
" This new guidance for the first time clearly spells out when it is appropriate to diagnose death .
" Diagnosing death in whatever circumstances is a sensitive issue , which comes at a very distressing time for everyone .
" We hope that the detailed way in which the working party has addressed the issues will give help and confidence to all concerned . "
The guidelines say the definition of death should be regarded as the irreversible loss of the capacity for consciousness , combined with irreversible loss of the capacity to breathe .
They replace existing guidance on brain death and include new advice on cardiac death .
The authors also decided it was important to separate completely the diagnosis and confirmation of death from anything to do with the issues surrounding organ donation and transplantation .
This was to avoid any concern that the diagnosis is influenced by the desperate need for life - saving donor organs which are in short supply .
Professor Dame Carol Black , chair of the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges , said : " I am confident that by addressing the ambiguities of the old Code , together with issues that have arisen as a result of new areas of clinical practice and the law , this new guidance will help both medical and nursing staff and equally our patients feel confident in the diagnosis and confirmation of death and its consequences . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Take a gold sample the size of the head of a push pin , shoot a laser through it , and suddenly more than 100 billion particles of anti-matter appear .
The anti-matter , also known as positrons , shoots out of the target in a cone - shaped plasma " jet . "
This new ability to create a large number of positrons in a small laboratory opens the door to several fresh avenues of anti-matter research , including an understanding of the physics underlying various astrophysical phenomena such as black holes and gamma ray bursts .
Anti-matter research also could reveal why more matter than anti-matter survived the Big Bang at the start of the universe .
Physicist Hui Chen sets up targets for the anti-matter experiment at the Jupiter laser facility .
" We 've detected far more anti-matter than anyone else has ever measured in a laser experiment , " said Hui Chen , a Livermore researcher who led the experiment .
" We 've demonstrated the creation of a significant number of positrons using a short - pulse laser . "
Chen and her colleagues used a short , ultra - intense laser to irradiate a millimeter - thick gold target .
" Previously , we concentrated on making positrons using paper - thin targets , " said Scott Wilks , who designed and modeled the experiment using computer codes .
" But recent simulations showed that millimeter - thick gold would produce far more positrons .
We were very excited to see so many of them . "
In the experiment , the laser ionizes and accelerates electrons , which are driven right through the gold target .
On their way , the electrons interact with the gold nuclei , which serve as a catalyst to create positrons .
The electrons give off packets of pure energy , which decays into matter and anti-matter , following the predictions by Einstein 's famous equation that relates matter and energy .
By concentrating the energy in space and time , the laser produces positrons more rapidly and in greater density than ever before in the laboratory .
" By creating this much anti-matter , we can study in more detail whether anti-matter really is just like matter , and perhaps gain more clues as to why the universe we see has more matter than anti-matter , " said Peter Beiersdorfer , a lead Livermore physicist working with Chen .
Particles of anti-matter are almost immediately annihilated by contact with normal matter , and converted to pure energy ( gamma rays ) .
There is considerable speculation as to why the observable universe is apparently almost entirely matter , whether other places are almost entirely anti-matter , and what might be possible if anti-matter could be harnessed .
Normal matter and anti-matter are thought to have been in balance in the very early universe , but due to an " asymmetry " the anti-matter decayed or was annihilated , and today very little anti-matter is seen .
Over the years , physicists have theorized about anti-matter , but it was n't confirmed to exist experimentally until 1932 .
High - energy cosmic rays impacting Earth 's atmosphere produce minute quantities of anti-matter in the resulting jets , and physicists have learned to produce modest amounts of anti-matter using traditional particle accelerators .
Anti-matter similarly may be produced in regions like the center of the Milky Way and other galaxies , where very energetic celestial events occur .
The presence of the resulting anti-matter is detectable by the gamma rays produced when positrons are destroyed when they come into contact with nearby matter .
Laser production of anti-matter is n't entirely new either .
Livermore researchers detected anti-matter about 10 years ago in experiments on the since - decommissioned Nova " petawatt " laser - about 100 particles .
But with a better target and a more sensitive detector , this year 's experiments directly detected more than 1 million particles .
From that sample , the scientists infer that around 100 billion positron particles were produced in total .
Until they annihilate , positrons ( anti-electrons ) behave much like electrons ( just with an opposite charge ) , and that 's how Chen and her colleagues detected them .
They took a normal electron detector ( a spectrometer ) and equipped it to detect particles with opposite polarity as well .
" We 've entered a new era , " Beiersdorfer said .
" Now , that we 've looked for it , it 's almost like it hit us right on the head .
We envision a center for antimatter research , using lasers as cheaper anti-matter factories . "
Source : DOE / Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Maintenance Mode
nosheteria is currently undergoing scheduled maintenance .
Please try back again soon .
Sorry for the inconvenience .
Oh , I am sorry .
Did you want me to discuss these ?
Like , you do n’t know already everything you need to ?
Fine .
There is a very small amount of butter , a colossal amount of chocolate , a few chopped up candy bars and walnuts and , if you ’re me , a little sprinkling of flaky sea salt which comes together to form the first cookie I have made that comes close to matching or –I hope you ’re sitting down for this –surpassing the transcendence of the World Peace Cookies .
Frankly , you ’re either in you kitchen fixing to make these right now , or you have n’t considered the implications of what I have shared above .
But considering that echo out there , I am going to assume it is the former .
One year ago : Oatmeal , Chocolate Chip and Pecan Cookies ( It is uncanny .
Why am I always on the same exact topic a year later ? )
Two years ago : No - Knead Bread
Chocolate Toffee Cookies
Adapted from Bon Appetit
P.S. I made only a half batch of these and have regretted it every moment since .
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pound bittersweet ( not unsweetened ) or semisweet chocolate , chopped
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) unsalted butter
1 3/4 cups ( packed ) brown sugar
4 large eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
5 1.4 - ounce chocolate - covered English toffee bars ( such as Heath ) , coarsely chopped *
1 cup walnuts , toasted , chopped
Flaky sea salt for sprinkling ( optional )
Combine flour , baking powder and salt in small bowl ; whisk to blend .
Stir chocolate and butter in top of double boiler set over simmering water until melted and smooth .
Remove from over water .
Cool mixture to lukewarm .
Using electric mixer , beat sugar and eggs in bowl until thick , about 5 minutes .
Beat in chocolate mixture and vanilla .
Stir in flour mixture , then toffee and nuts .
Chill batter until firm , about 45 minutes .
Preheat oven to 350 °F .
Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment or waxed paper .
Drop batter by spoonfuls onto sheets , spacing two inches apart .
Sprinkle with a pinch of flaky sea salt , if you ’re using it .
Bake just until tops are dry and cracked but cookies are still soft to touch , about 12 to 15 minutes .
Cool on sheets .
( Can be made 2 days ahead .
Store airtight at room temperature . )
I know that it will be impossible to let them cool completely , but they really taste a lot better cool , as they continue baking once they come out of the oven .
Slice and bake option :
After struggling a bit to scoop these cookies , I rolled the dough into a log 1.5 inches in diameter and chilled it .
When I was ready to bake the cookies , I cut it into 1/2 - inch slices .
You can store the dough log in the freezer , wrapped in waxed paper and then two layers of plastic wrap for up to a month , just baking the cookies off as you need .
Cookies baked straight from the freezer may need an additional minute or two in the oven , depending on their thickness .
* As it turns out , in NYC at least , drug stores such as Duane Reade and Rite Aid are a great–and cheap ! –place to find these .
We went there after failing to find them in three bodegas .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Consensus is growing that the failure of governments to effectively regulate the banking sector is largely responsible for the huge economic mess we ’re now facing .
Throughout the past few decades , those who were entrusted to protect the public interest have accepted as gospel the idea that governments should get out of the way and let markets self regulate , with disastrous results .
Unfortunately , that ideology has infiltrated our governments ’ thinking beyond the financial markets .
At the heart of many of our most pressing environmental crises is the same belief that governments should abandon their regulatory responsibilities and allow the private sector to get on with business .
( Think of the mess we ’ve seen with weakened regulations for food and pharmaceuticals . )
I was reminded of this regulatory failure in early October when TransCanada Corporation , one of the world ’s largest pipeline companies , was granted rubber - stamp approval for a massive gas pipeline across northern Alberta .
The pipeline will eventually bring natural gas from the Canadian north to the Fort McMurray area , where it will be used to fuel further tar sands exploitation .
I say “ rubber - stamp ” because the company was so sure the approval was in the bag that it purchased and moved all its equipment and materials into the area before the Alberta Utilities Commission even issued its decision .
The pipeline will cross lands belonging to the Lubicon Lake Indian Nation , a small aboriginal community that has fought for decades to have its ancestral lands in the boreal woodlands of northern Alberta recognized and protected .
Throughout that time , the Lubicon have seen their traditional way of life eroded as their lands have been leased out to oil and gas companies at a breathtaking pace .
They ’ve seen more than 2,000 oil and gas well sites , 32,000 km of seismic lines , and over 2,000 km of roads pushed through their forests .
The Alberta government approves on average 100 new oil and gas installations in Lubicon territory each year .
The Lubicon Nation is concerned that the new pipeline will not bring long - term benefits to the community , but will instead bring more feeder lines , more clearing , and more gas exploration and other industrial activity that will further fragment and degrade their once - rich hunting and trapping grounds in the boreal forest .
I have followed the Lubicon struggle with great interest .
They were a people who lived traditionally off the land until the 1970s when they discovered that developments — seismic lines , electrical lines , roads , etc. — were beginning to have an impact on their territory .
They chose to fight the plans of the multinational Japanese paper company Daishowa Inc. to clear cut their boreal forests , and for years they worked tirelessly to protect their land .
I was honoured to help them raise money for their struggle , which ultimately proved effective in keeping the loggers at bay .
Not once but four times the United Nations has chastised Canada for failing to resolve the Lubicon land - rights dispute , calling what is happening to the Lubicon an abuse of their human rights under international covenants .
In August , the UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination wrote to Canada , saying there are “ doubts as to whether the Government of Alberta and the Alberta Utilities Commission may legitimately authorize the construction of a pipeline across Lubicon Territory without prior Lubicon consent ” .
Even Amnesty International has called for a halt to the pipeline until the Lubicon concerns are met .
But none of that seems to have stopped Alberta from approving TransCanada ’s jumbo gas pipeline right through the heart of Lubicon lands without Lubicon approval .
In the vacuum left by governments that have historically ignored their peoples ’ concerns , the Lubicon government is insisting on its own regulatory process that would do more than rubber - stamp increasing environmental and social disruption .
Their struggle is not new .
From Haida Gwaii to Lubicon to Grassy Narrows and countless other aboriginal communities , First Nations people have stood up against powerful industrial interests and indifferent governments .
We should support the Lubicon and their actions to safeguard the idea that governments can and should regulate the economy in the public interest .
Ultimately the Lubicon ’s struggle is about keeping all of us safe .
The responsibility of governments to protect the environment has n’t received the same attention from politicians as the recent financial collapse but , in the long run , environmental deregulation by government threatens to do a lot more damage to our economies , the health of our ecosystems , and our well - being .
Take David Suzuki’s Nature Challenge and learn more at www.davidsuzuki.org/.
Jean Charles de Menezes was shot dead at Stockwell Tube station Armed police fired on Jean Charles de Menezes without shouting any warning , witnesses have claimed at an inquest .
Passenger Rachel Wilson said she thought the officers were terrorists when they shot dead the Brazilian at Stockwell Tube station on 22 July 2005 .
Firearms officers have told the inquest there were several warning shouts of " armed police " before shots were fired .
Mr de Menezes , 27 , was killed by police who mistook him for one of the failed 21 July 2005 London bombers .
' Covered in blood '
The inquest has been told a surveillance officer had positively identified the electrician as Hussain Osman .
She and her boyfriend Ralph Livock had been sitting opposite Mr de Menezes in a Tube carriage on the day of the shooting when officers boarded , the inquest was told .
Ms Wilson said nothing had been said to alert her that the men were plain - clothes officers and that she initially thought they were just messing around .
We had no idea whether these were police - whether they were terrorists
Ralph Livock
Commuter " Then I thought they were terrorists and it was only when I left the carriage and somebody moved me gently out of the way that I figured they must be good guys , " Ms Wilson added .
Nicholas Hilliard QC , counsel to the inquest , asked her : " Specifically , did you ever hear anybody shout ' armed police ' ? "
Ms Wilson answered : " If I had heard that , I would have thought they were police , so no . "
Only after the shooting , when she saw she had blood on her hands , did she realised how serious the incident was , Ms Wilson added .
' Did n't look frightened '
Mr Livock had told the inquest at the Oval cricket ground , south London , that their train was held up for longer than usual when four casually - dressed men with guns got on board .
Mr Hilliard asked : " Had you heard anything said about police ? "
Mr Livock replied : " No , certainly not .
" I remember that specifically because one of the conversations that Rachel and I had afterwards was that we had no idea whether these were police , whether they were terrorists , whether they were somebody else .
" The thing that made me realise it was n't a group of lads playing around or something else happening was when the first shot was fired . "
Mr Livock described Mr de Menezes ' reactions when an officer pointed a pistol at his head .
" He looked as if he was expecting somebody to say something but he did n't look frightened , " said Mr Livock .
No passengers were called to give evidence at last year 's Metropolitan Police health and safety trial over the shooting .
It is the first time they have publicly revealed what they saw .
' Verbal challenges '
A firearms officer , codenamed Terry , described to the inquest how he reached the train shortly after the two marksmen who killed the Brazilian .
He said : " As I came into the carriage I could hear verbal challenges .
I could hear ' police ' and ' armed police ' being shouted . "
After hearing the evidence , the Brazilian 's mother , Maria Otone de Menezes , 63 , said outside the inquest : " None of the passengers heard the police give any warning or described Jean 's actions as aggressive .
" It has been painful to me when police have implied he acted in a manner that contributed to his death . "
The inquest was adjourned until Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nov. 18 , 2008  --
Spiders have been spotted on the space station .
These creatures are welcome guests , though one of them is missing at the moment .
Spiders in space are n't new .
Two arachnids named Arabella and Anita flew to Skylab in 1973 .
Scientists were curious to see how the spiders would react in weightlessness -- would their webs be different and how would they eat and sleep .
Spiders in your house may send you scurrying for a shoe but spiders in space are almost hypnotic , as they struggle to weave a symmetric web in zero gravity .
Experiments with insects are an easy way for teachers across the country to get students involved in hands - on science , which is the goal of sending these two spiders , and some butterflies , into orbit on the latest shuttle mission to the space station .
Spider
One , on view in his box with clear windows , was busy spinning a very tangled web , but Spider Two appears to be AWOL .
Or is he ?
Flight director Ginger Kerrick says they are looking for him .
" The way it was explained to me is that he is a backup spider and he has his own contained space on board and he had moved out of that area .
We think he came out of his bedroom and is in the living room of his house . "
Kirk Shireman , deputy shuttle program manager , says that while only one spider is visible , that does n't mean the other is missing .
' We do n't believe he has escaped the payload .
I am sure we will find him spinning a web somewhere in the next few days . "
Astronaut Sandy Magnus , the newest member of the space station crew , was asked how the visible spider was doing .
Mission Control : " Is it weaving an organized looking web or is it something neat to see ? "
Magnus :
" The web is more or less 3 - dimensional and it looks like it is all over the inside of the box , more of a tangled disorganized - looking web than a ' Charlotte 's Web ' kind of web . "
The spiders will return to Earth when the Space Shuttle Endeavour lands at the end of its 15 - day mission later this month .
PAJU , South Korea ( Reuters ) - A cargo train between North and South Korea and tours from the South to the communist state stopped on Friday under a border clampdown called for by Pyongyang in anger at the conservative government in Seoul .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
But a large number of South Koreans who work at a joint industrial enclave in the North Korean border city of Kaesong were being allowed to keep permits to enter the factory park there , despite an earlier vow by Pyongyang to expel many of them by December 1 , officials said .
“ Today is the last day of Kaesong tours , and today is the last day of the train runs , ” Unification Ministry spokesman Kim Ho-nyeon told a briefing in Seoul .
The border restrictions and the expulsion from the industrial park come about a week before regional powers are expected to meet in Beijing to resume talks on ending the North ’s nuclear arms program and compensate it with economic and energy aid .
The last train run of a sole empty cargo car powered by an electric locomotive pulled out of the seldom - used Munsan station for the final run to Kaesong 40 minutes behind schedule .
Train services between the two Koreas were halted during the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The start of the regular freight train run last year was hailed as a milestone in reconciliation for the two states which , in the absence of a peace treaty , are technically still at war .
But the trains have mostly been empty because it is cheaper for companies at the Kaesong factory park to move goods by trucks .
North Korea said in January this year it wanted to halt the service that runs along a 20 - km ( 12 - mile ) stretch of track .
Analysts said the tours to the city of Kaesong , started about a year ago , might have been viewed by reclusive North Korea as destabilizing because they allowed visitors from the South to see just how destitute their neighbor is and gave its residents a glimpse of their wealthy southern neighbors .
While the border was being shut to trains and tours , as many as 1,700 people have been told they can keep their permits to enter the Kaesong factory zone , spokesman Kim said .
But the first of the approximately 1,000 people , including government officials , began pulling out on Friday and some expressed disappointment that their role was cut short .
“ I wish South - North ties would improve as early as possible so that we can return to do our jobs , ” Kim Chang - soo , with the joint management office , said as he crossed the border .
The factory park has provided cash - starved North Korea with hundreds of millions of dollars and is expected to be operating near normally on Monday , despite the border clampdown .
“ There were always concerns North Korea would use economic projects ... as political leverage , ” said Dong Yong - sueng , a research fellow at Samsung Economic Research Institute .
He said the real damage to North Korea is that South Korean firms would now hesitate to invest there .
The two Koreas were in talks about allowing even more of the 4,200 pass holders to cross the border regularly , Kim said .
The Kaesong factory park , about 70 km ( 45 miles ) from Seoul , is the only major economic connection between the two Koreas .
A total of 88 South Korean firms employ more than 33,000 low - wage North Koreans there to make goods such as watches and clothes .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Seven Chase bank branches in Phoenix and the New York Times headquarters in New York received envelopes containing a suspicious white powder on Wednesday as a wave of threatening U.S. mailings spread .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
More than 45 threatening letters have been received since Monday at financial institutions in at least 11 states , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said .
“ Most of the letters contain a powder substance with a threatening communication , ” he said .
No harmful substances have yet been identified but more tests are being conducted at regional laboratories , he said .
U.S. authorities are always on the alert for such letters after incidents in 2001 in which envelopes laced with anthrax were sent to media outlets and U.S. lawmakers , killing five people and further rattling a nation shaken by the September 11 attacks .
Asked if the bank letters were sent by a single mailer , Kolko said , “ there ’s certainly a common thread . ”
A Dallas - area office of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation also received a suspicious letter , he said .
He said it was not clear whether the New York Times incident was related .
Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis said police were called this morning after an employee on the 13th floor opened an envelope addressed to the paper .
“ A white granular substance was in the envelope .
The New York City police were called and are now on site investigating , ” she said in a statement , adding that part of the lobby was closed and no one had been sent to hospital .
“ People are able to get in and out of the building .
The substance will be tested , ” she said .
In Phoenix , no workers at the banks were treated for any symptoms , said Capt .
Shelly Jamison , a Phoenix Fire Department spokeswoman .
Authorities said seven branches received letters , and bank officials said not all the letters were opened , after employees were alerted to their appearance .
FBI spokesman Manuel Johnson in Phoenix said it was too early to establish a link between the letters received there and the others .
The FBI , U.S. Postal Inspectors and local authorities are investigating the letters .
The letters have been received at branches in Arizona , California , Colorado , Georgia , Illinois , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Texas and Washington , D.C. , the FBI said .
JPMorgan Chase & Co last week surpassed Citigroup Inc to become the largest U.S. bank .
It has aggressively acquired other assets as the financial system has weakened , including the banking assets of Washington Mutual Inc .
It may have taken six years , but a bug that allowed people to get satellite radio broadcasts for free has finally been squashed by Sirius XM Radio .
According to a report published by IDG News , the flaw has apparently been present in the satellite radio system since 2002 , when Sirius first rolled it out .
It allowed former subscribers to gain free access , according to TippingPoint Technologies , whose Zero Day Initiative pays hackers for technical details on security vulnerabilities .
It is n't clear how widely exploited the bug was , but the person who reported it to Tipping Point said " multiple people were doing this . "
Sirius recently plugged the hole , although it 's not clear exactly when .
Exploitation of the flaw could underscore the growing risk of satellite radio piracy now that Sirius has merged with XM Satellite Radio .
Piracy already costs satellite television providers hundreds of millions of dollars per year .
With only one satellite radio provider , there 's considerably more content to pirate than there was before , providing more of an incentive to hackers to find weaknesses .
The flaw involved the deactivation process used when listeners canceled their service .
A TippingPoint manager of security response described it as " an oversight on Sirius 's side " and " just kind of sloppy . "
Sirius said it did n't comment on security issues . "
The IDG report is here . ®
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/05/2008
Maybe .
by Jeremy Hooper
Maybe we should have directly challenged the anti-gay arguments even more .
Maybe we should have focused more on the African - American community , who exit polling suggests went against us somewhere in the 69% - 31 % ballpark .
Maybe we should have highlighted the Mormon factor even more .
Maybe we could have dedicated even more time to showing voters the difference between civil marriage and the ancillary component that is religious ceremony .
Maybe we could have pressed our friends in the entertainment community to come out , speak out , spend out in even greater numbers .
Maybe we should have had gay people in our official " no on 8 " ads .
Maybe we could have done more to move the over 65 vote .
Maybe we should n't have taken so many votes for granted or assumed anyone was with us until we were 100 % sure .
Maybe we should have more publicly called the anti-gay campaign what it was / is / always will be : Cruel and nasty discrimination masked behind a veil of " family protection . "
Maybe we should have eliminated potential voter error by more fully reinforcing that a " no " vote meant you were with us while a " yes " vote was a nod to bias .
Maybe we should have directly challenged religious arguments , encouraging people of faith to look at their " clobber passages " a little more critically .
Maybe we should have demanded our Democratic leadership help us push back with the same sort of force that the Republican leadership has used to push us .
Maybe none of it would have mattered .
We LGBT people wake up today to two historic developments .
One , the election of our first African - American president , shows us how far we have come .
The other -- the easy passage of anti-gay measures in Florida , Arizona , and Arkansas , as well as the possible passage of the rights - depriving Prop 8 in California -- shows us how far some of us still have to go before we can benignly , non-controversially claim our peace .
And perhaps the hardest part ?
That these two historic developments come with great overlap .
It might be easy to tell ourselves that only the " haters " went against us , but the truth is that many Democrats ( even some that identified as liberal , according to exit polls ) also cast a vote against our equality .
It can help to be a bit of a mindfuck for progressive queer people .
So while we are still waiting for California to fully come in ( current reporting , as of 5:20 AM pacific time , has it at going against us 51.9 % - 48.1 % ) , we already have been handed a set of lessons .
We as a movement have once again been sent a firm message , telling us that our current strategies are not doing the trick .
No matter how much we are currently doing ( and we do have a great activist community ) , last night 's returns tell us that WE ARE NOT DOING ENOUGH .
And the big questions now :
What will we do to fix the problems ?
How many of us will step up and see the need for an ever - greater push ?
Who will dare to admit hard truths to our LGBT leadership , and will they be able to concoct new and creative ways to remedy the ills ?
And if the Bush administration and the past waves of anti-gay amendments did n't do it , then what will inspire the LGBT community to embrace the politically - minded spirit of prior generations ?
We learned last night that change is coming .
But in terms of the fight for our equality :
Were n't we also shown that change is still desperately needed ?
**RELATED : Our video from yesterday , when we were worried but hopeful :
** Our past Prop 8 vids
** Our complete Prop 8 archive
Your thoughts
This is Anita Bryant all over again .
Posted by : Rainbow Phoenix | Nov 5 , 2008 8:36:00 AM
This makes me so sad .
Posted by : Oko | Nov 5 , 2008 8:37:22 AM
I think it is time we as a community wake up a bit more .
We 're , as a whole , not as an activist community have found a bit of a comfort zone and are mostly happy with how things are .
But what about those who do n't have the supportive families or social groups and rely on laws for our humanness ?
Do they need this sort of slap in the face before they take off their party hats and slip on a reality check ?!
If so , then maybe this turnout was a good thing .
Posted by : GT | Nov 5 , 2008 9:04:08 AM
I think we need another Stonewall .
Posted by : tjc | Nov 5 , 2008 9:12:50 AM
Maybe the movement was n't as far along as we thought .
Maybe the natural state of the species is bigotry , fear , hate , ignorance , and stupidity .
History , anyone ?
Maybe it 's time for an ACT - UP approach to this and other glbt - liberty matters .
History shows that minorities tend to advance in America only once they are feared .
People must understand that there will be nasty consequences to bigotry .
Call it negative reinforcement , if you like .
Wake up people !
Anyone could have seen this coming .
Do n't ask , TAKE your rights .
Posted by : Steve | Nov 5 , 2008 9:22:19 AM
My partner and I are , of course , heart - sick over the results of yesterday 's bigoted and hypocritical ' Christians ' successful efforts .
We still feel that it is only a matter of time ( and MUCH MORE hard work by all fair minded citizens ) that same sex - marriage will be achieved .
We are in our mid-60's ; it is incredible how far gay rights have advanced in our life times ; though we have far , far to go , we will get there .....
Posted by : David Twombley | Nov 5 , 2008 9:33:38 AM
Okay , I 'm not a lawyer but do have some legal training , so here 's my view of the remaining legal issues ; lawyers are more than welcome to interject :
For the CA court to toss out the amendment , it would have to be declared a " revision " of the CA constitution , which only the legislature is permitted to enact .
Now , a literal revision means the wording of the part minus amendments is being changed .
That 's not Prop 8 .
Prop 8 is a figurative revision : the court 's understanding of the part minus amendments is being changed , which is n't an everyday thing , especially regarding a minority .
The figurative argument is VERY unlikely to work .
The law generally detests the figurative .
It is likely to work ONLY if the majority of 4 on the court REALLY wants it to ; they have to be downright desperate for it to , especially in light of an election result .
I would n't hold my breath .
But what about a different option ?
What about _ Romer vs. Evans_ ?
Is n't this EXACTLY _Romer_ , limited to one issue ?
Could n't that work , especially regarding FL ?
Could n't one dare to take that ONE NARROW issue to the federal courts , maybe after Obama appoints a SC justice or two ?
Or just brush up on ACT - UP history and storm the ramparts !
Posted by : Steve | Nov 5 , 2008 9:44:59 AM
Okay , just one final bit of legal brainstorming , I promise !
1 . What 's up with majorities directly voting to take rights away from minorities ?!
That sounds like precisely the sort of thing the " founding fathers " would n't have trusted " the people " to do .
Could we think of a federal law prohibiting such nonsense , generally ?
2 . After getting ENDA , federal hate crimes legislation , tossing DOMA , and bidding a not - so - fond farewell to " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , " let 's get to working on a federal LGBT equal rights act ( statute , not amendment , which would be next ) , including some fortuitously broad language .
Done for now .
Posted by : Steve | Nov 5 , 2008 10:01:20 AM
Gonna quote a friend of mine 's take on the loss in California .
" Gay marriage is an interesting thing , politically .
I actually think it getting banned all over the place is a step on the way to it being accepted .
That 's what happened to interracial marriages , after all .
When Barack was born , there were something like 16 states that his parents could not have been married in .
What I think will happen is that we 'll see all these bannings and constitutional modifications , and then we 'll find out that Massachusetts , New Jersey , etc are not , in fact , going to hell in a handbasket ( anymore than they were before ) .
Clergy in those states are not forced to do something they disagree with ( one of the big nonsensical arguments against gay marriage ... any church can decline to marry any couple for any reason ) .
And the bans will start to disappear . "
Posted by : Darren | Nov 5 , 2008 10:03:27 AM
Agree 100 % that our equality is inevitable .
Something stressed often on G - A - Y is the idea that our opposition cannot win because their positions are losing ones .
But the fact remains that anti-gay bullies forced us all to waste millions of dollars on this needless fight , and a majority of " blue " Californians made a deliberate choice to eliminate our rights .
Even with our wins ( and they have been considerable in recent days ) , these losses are extremely hard to swallow .
And we do need to ask tough questions about our movement and our community 's priorities .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 5 , 2008 10:09:18 AM
I 'm both sad and enraged about California .
I 'm sad for Jeremy and others who've had their lives upended and plans ruined , and enraged that any government would allow its own constitution to be changed to discriminate against a minority simply by hate mongers with deep pockets .
Is n't that a definition of corruption ?
Does n't this proposition need to be vetted for constitutional compatibility before it becomes an amendment ?
I mean was n't Prop 102 overridden last spring because it violated the constitution ?
Posted by : dave b | Nov 5 , 2008 10:18:36 AM
I 'm devastated .
I really did n't think the people of California were that small - minded .
But frankly , I 'm still trying to get my head around the fact that this odorous initiative was allowed to be put on the ballot in the first place , that it 's legal to put other people 's civil rights up for a popular vote .
How is that even possible ?
I 'm having ice cream for breakfast .
Posted by : Morry | Nov 5 , 2008 10:30:35 AM
I think what is key now in this fight is to focus on framing the issue to be completely about civil rights , exactly like race is about civil rights .
Racial discrimination is seen as something completely non-debatable now , and the idea that we'd go to the polls to vote for a racial minority 's rights is unfathomable .
People need to feel just as outraged when this is applied to gay issues .
We need to show how it 's not up for grabs , it 's not a question of opinion , and it can't be decided by a majority vote .
People understand the racial civil rights movement , and they understand the right and wrong of it , and they need to be able to apply that same framework to any and all gay issues .
I think that is what 's crucial to our success , and even for eliminating these ballot measures in the first place .
Posted by : Eric L | Nov 5 , 2008 10:33:42 AM
I agree ... a total waste of money .
How about we donate the equivalent of whatever we donated to No on Prop 8 to hunger ?
After that , let 's go for it ACT - UP style :)
Posted by : GT | Nov 5 , 2008 10:33:59 AM
" What I think will happen is that we 'll see all these bannings and constitutional modifications , and then we 'll find out that Massachusetts , New Jersey , etc are not , in fact , going to hell in a handbasket ( anymore than they were before ) .
Clergy in those states are not forced to do something they disagree with ( one of the big nonsensical arguments against gay marriage ... any church can decline to marry any couple for any reason ) .
And the bans will start to disappear . "
Well , maybe .
But MA has had gay marriage for , what , 2 years ?
And it has n't been swallowed up by hell .
That did n't stop those arguments working in CA .
Posted by : | Nov 5 , 2008 10:36:11 AM
A slowly but surely approach may be OK for a comfortable middle class gay , but does n't really help the gay teenager who 's going to be kicked out of his house or blow out his brains .
The $ 30 + million went to shit , our " leaders " failed us miserably .
Instead of telling people , " Oh please be nice to me " , we should have been telling them exactly what their bigotry is doing to our people .
They have an amorphous idea about how they want their world to be .
We 've all been directly affected by it .
Posted by : paul | Nov 5 , 2008 10:37:01 AM
" A slowly but surely approach may be OK for a comfortable middle class gay , but does n't really help the gay teenager who 's going to be kicked out of his house or blow out his brains "
These thoughts always hit me the hardest .
Last night , countless gay teens , ones who are part of this supposedly " changed " era , were against sent the message that they are wrong , sick , perverted , etc .
Oh , and it was done in the name of God .
Oh , and very few people in this nation seem to care just how f***ed up that is !
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 5 , 2008 10:42:38 AM
I 'm so sorry .
Posted by : | Nov 5 , 2008 11:19:26 AM
Exactly JH ... so sorry for you and for us ...
But it is the next generation we need to think of and support !
and even FLAUNT , once they are strong enough .
I agree with every line of your list of why it failed .
I am ashamed to be a Californian today .
But now my $ $$ goes to PFLAG ... I hope ELLEN , and GEORGE and all the other celebriites whose marriages are secure start apologizing very quickly for not doing enough .
I do still hope there will be a legal remedy for this usurption of minority rights .
PS .
Yes , I am very glad OBAMA won ... but there was no question of that for me .
Even better was seeing all the celebration both here and around the world with his victory .
BACK to work guys .
Lets get an all inclusive ENDA and DOMA and DADT repealed and real Supreme Court Justices ... and work to get everyone in the US included next time .
Posted by : LOrion | Nov 5 , 2008 11:19:30 AM
In spite of this serious setback ( I 'm incredibly disheartened and depressed today about this setback ) we now have an incredible friend who is going to the White House .
He will stand up for us .
There are two legislations that are likely to change under Barack Obama 's administration .
DON'T ASK DON'T TELL will likely be ended and Gay and Lesbian people will be allowed to serve openly in the military and HATE CRIMES LEGISLATION .
That will set a huge precedent for us .
We also thankfully have an even further majority of Democrats in Congress which is very helpful as well .
The political landscape is going to change radically for the better .
Now it our time to start acting up .
We have got to come out as never before and be open about who we are .
We have got to convince the nation through any means possible that we are human beings who deserve equality .
We need to show far more examples of couples who not only have been married in California and elsewhere ( i.e. Mass . and Conn. ) but show the children who are being raised in same gender households .
Show the children who are being raised by gay parents and let the children speak out who are teenagers and adults who are growing up or have grown up in same sex households .
This can make a major difference .
Though it is difficult to change a state constitutional amendment it is not impossible and as time goes by the changes in the political landscape will help us .
Posted by : Benjamin | Nov 5 , 2008 12:22:36 PM
One thing that also ( besides Obama getting elected ) makes me gleeful is that James Dobson 's state voted for Barack Obama .
They also struck down an amendment that would make a cluster of fertilized cells a full fledged person .
That amendment was struck down in a major way and overwhelmingly .
Also do n't forget the Connecticut is our newest state to support Gay Marriage .
Let 's do all we can to support her .
She 's a great state .
Never again will we let the Evangelicals , the Mormons or anyone else do this to us .
It 's time to fight hard and to use the courts as well .
Posted by : Benjamin | Nov 5 , 2008 12:30:47 PM
Martian Luther King said himself that while we have come so far , we still have a ways to go .
It still holds true today .
Posted by : Nami | Nov 5 , 2008 2:23:18 PM
I keep saying this , but I think they should have paid more attention to the underage side of things .
We minors have our choices .
We 're voting for our lives and our loves , here .
Do n't you think we have a right to help our parents or friends marry whom they want ?
Posted by : Trickster 's Treat | Nov 5 , 2008 7:05:36 PM
This one hit me especially hard ( compared to the many states who 've already passed similar amendments ) because one week ago today , I and my partner of 25 years , who serendipitously happened to be vacationing in Palm Springs , CA , got legally married .
We also were there during the final week of frenzied Prop 8 ads on TV .
So now , apparently , my 7 - day marriage has threatened the marriages of other people who 've never met me SO much , that they had to change the state constitution ?
Wow , what pathetic state their own marriages must be in to be so concerned .
The outright GLEE on the faces of the " celebrators " who were pro-Prop 8 is the worst part .
I am reminded of bullies who have , once again , stolen the lunch money or destroyed the homework of the shy , sissy kid .
Their life would n't be affected one iota , either way , but they have to make themselves feel better by harming other people .
There is not the slightest bit of " Christianity " here , nothing but absolute ugliness .
Jesus WEPT .
Posted by : NC Kent | Nov 5 , 2008 8:53:28 PM
Well , here 's a bit of good news .
I 've read the petition in the widely publicized new lawsuit against Prop8 .
It seems the CA courts have at least some history of interpreting " revise " in art .
18 , sec. 2 of the CA constitution figuratively .
That 's really , REALLY good .
We now actually have a serious chance of tossing the damn thing !
Could you imagine the foaming at the mouth of the other side if that happens ?
Keep your fingers crossed .
Posted by : Steve | Nov 6 , 2008 10:14:17 AM
Steve : I see a million and six reasons why we can / should / will win in court .
If you look at this particular marriage ruling and look at what Chief Justice George himself has said in interviews , I see no logical way that it can be upheld .
http://www.goodasyou.org/good_as_you/2008/11/ronald-redux-lo.html
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 6 , 2008 10:38:24 AM
A million and six reasons , Jeremy ?
What great and peculiar eyes you have !
Seriously , though , I can easily imagine legally " defensible " and pragmatic ways of upholding it .
But I 'm more hopeful than I was yesterday - - not saying much , I realize .
Posted by : Steve | Nov 6 , 2008 11:03:55 AM
Simply put - the Mormons ( along with " Christian " churches ) have proved with their complete obsession with PROP 8 to be a Tax - Exempt Hate Group .
Heterosexuals -
You better wake up .
Instead of pondering a cerebral concept like how gays want the " 1,138 rights of marriage " , you need to educate yourselves about the CONSEQUENCES when one or more of those 1,138 rights are denied .
GOOGLE " Freeheld " or " Tying the Knot " ; watch the DVDs .
Write it down now .
Your laws HATE us , and we 've had it !
Yes , I did said HATE - I stand by it .
Because how else can you explain these 3 realities ? :
A police woman loses her life in the line of duty ; her wife of 13 years is denied all pension benefits .
A rancher loses his husband of 22 years ; his inlaws evict him and try to take the home he built and lived in with his beloved .
A detective spends 25 years risking her own life while protecting society ; she has to spend her remaining days on this earth worrying whether her earned pension will be transferred to her wife ( while living with terminal cancer ) .
YES , H - A - T - E .
And your silence on this matter is a serious affront to our families 's safety and security .
FAMILY - is n't that a cherished concept in the U.S.A .?
So now after decades of disinterest , some of us in the LGBTI community have AWAKENED .
And we will refuse to pay one penny of income tax to the IRS until the government ( i.e. - you ) decide you WANT our tax dollars as EQUAL CITIZENS .
This ai n't a vote .
This ai n't a debate .
This definately ain't a popularity contest !
You will PAY OUR TAXES until we have what your family ALREADY HAS ; your apathy is costing you money as you read this .
GAY TAX PROTEST .
Posted by : John Bisceglia | Nov 14 , 2008 2:53:47 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Fellow workers ,
The Coalition of Immokalee Workers , a community - based union in Central Florida that has been winning a series of remarkable victories on wages and conditions for Florida farmworkers , with no government recognition and through the creative use of secondary boycotts and other forms wildcat unionism , has just announced another major victory in the struggle .
After the Coalition of Immokalee Workers ’ hard - won victory in the struggle to make Burger King sign on to the penny - per- pound passthrough agreement , here ’s what C.I.W. organizer Lucas Benitez had to say about the future of the campaign :
Dr. Martin Luther King said it best when he said ,
The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
Social responsibility in this country ’s food industry is inevitable , and though the exploitation of Florida ’s farmworkers remains unconscionable today , company by company we are building a path toward justice .
The next steps are up to those companies that stand before us in the road ahead .
There are companies — like Chipotle in the restaurant world and Whole Foods in the grocery industry — that already make claims to social responsibility yet , when it comes to tomatoes , fall far short of their lofty claims .
It is time , now , that those companies live out the true meaning of their marketers ’ words .
And there are companies — like Subway and WalMart — that , by the sheer volume of their purchases , profit like few others from the pernicious poverty of workers in Florida ’s fields .
They , too , must step up now .
After eight years of this campaign — and the very public commitment of the three largest fast - food companies in the world to the principles of Fair Food — they can no longer claim ignorance of the problem nor can they say that the solution is not possible .
So to all of you who have marched with us , organized petition drives with us , prayed with us , and struggled with us , today is a day to celebrate this hard - fought victory .
Tomorrow , with renewed energy and purpose , we begin our work again to make respect for fundamental human rights in Florida ’s tomato fields truly universal .
— Lucas Benitez , quoted in Coalition of Immokalee Workers Breaking News ( 2008-06-09 ) : The Road Ahead in the Campaign for Fair Food !
And yesterday , the C.I.W. announced the first victory in these new campaigns : they have won an agreement for Whole Foods to participate in the penny - per- pound campaign , and to begin crafting purchasing standards for labor conditions in the fields .
Whole Foods Market Signs Agreement with the Coalition of Immokalee Workers ( CIW ) to Support Penny - per - Pound Tomato Program in Florida Company Also Exploring Program to Help Guarantee Ethical Sourcing and Production in the U.S. AUSTIN , TX ( September 9 , 2008 ) – Whole Foods Market , the world ’s leading natural and organic foods supermarket and the Coalition of Immokalee Workers ( CIW ) , the Florida - based farm worker organization spearheading the growing Campaign for Fair Food , announced today that the two will work in partnership to help improve wages and working conditions for Florida tomato pickers .
According to an agreement signed this week , Whole Foods Market will support the CIW ’s penny - per- pound approach for tomatoes purchased from Florida , with the goal of passing these additional funds on to the harvesters .
With this agreement , the Campaign for Fair Food has again broken new ground , said Gerardo Reyes of the CIW .
This is not only our first agreement in the supermarket industry but , in working with Whole Foods Market , we have the opportunity to really raise the bar to establish and ensure modern day labor standards and conditions in Florida .
We commend the CIW for their advocacy on behalf of these workers , said Karen Christensen , Global Produce Coordinator for Whole Foods Market .
After carefully evaluating the situation in Florida , we felt that an agreement of this nature was in line with our core values and was in the best interest of the workers .
Additionally , Whole Foods Market is exploring the creation of a domestic purchasing program to help guarantee transparent , ethical and responsible sourcing and production , using the company ’s existing Whole Trade Guarantee program as a model .
Whole Trade Guarantee , a third - party verified program , ensures that producers and laborers in developing countries get an equitable price for their goods in a safe and healthy working environment .
The goal is to purchase Florida tomatoes from growers that will implement a similar program .
We are especially excited about working with the CIW to develop this domestic Whole Trade - type program , said Christensen .
— Coalition of Immokalee Workers Press Release ( 2008-09-09 ) : Whole Foods Market Signs Agreement with the Coalition of Immokalee Workers ( CIW ) to Support Penny - per - Pound Tomato Program in Florida
This is a big win , and it ’s hardly the end .
The C.I.W. is still fighting to get an agreement Chipotle ; there ’s a lot more yet to come .
Fellow workers , the C.I.W. ’s series of inspiring victories for creative extremism and wildcat unionism are both an inspiration and a reminder .
We should never forget that the workers have more power standing with our hands in our pockets than all the wealth and weapons of the plutocrats and politicians .
Yes , we can do it — ourselves .
And we will .
¡ La lucha sigue — victory to the farmworkers !
See also :
Chemistry researchers at The University of Warwick and the John Innes Centre , have found a novel signalling molecule that could be a key that will open up hundreds of new antibiotics unlocking them from the DNA of the Streptomyces family of bacteria .
With bacterial resistance growing researchers are keen to uncover as many new antibiotics as possible .
Some of the Streptomyces bacteria are already used industrially to produce current antibiotics and researchers have developed approaches to find and exploit new pathways for antibiotic production in the genome of the Streptomyces family .
For many years it was thought that the relatively unstable butyrolactone compounds represented by " A - factor " were the only real signal for stimulating such pathways of possible antibiotic production but the Warwick and John Innes teams have now found a much more stable group of compounds that may have the potential to produce at least one new antibiotic compound from up to 50 % of the 1000 or so known Streptomyces family of bacteria .
Colonies of bacteria such as Streptomyces naturally make antibiotics as a defence mechanism when those colonies are under stress and thus more susceptible to attack from other bacteria .
The colonies need to produce a compound to spread a signal across the colony to start producing their natural antibiotic weapons .
The amounts of such signalling material produced are incredibly small .
Only micrograms of these compounds can be isolated by Chemists and usually the available instrumentation needs at least milligrams of material to make a useful analysis .
However the Warwick team was able to make use of the University of Warwick ’s 700 MHz NMR machine to get a close look at just micrograms of 5 new possible signalling compounds identified as 2 - alkyl - 4- hydroxymethylfuran - 3- carboxylic acids ( or AHFCAs ) .
The researchers , led by Dr Christophe Corre , and Professor Greg Challis from the University of Warwick ’s Department of Chemistry were able to combine their new insight into these compounds with the relatively new full genetic sequences now available of some Streptomyces bacteria .
They became convinced that the AHFCA group of compounds could play a role in stimulating the production of known and novel antibiotics .
When they added AHFCAs to Streptomyces coelicolor W81 they were proved correct as it stimulated the production of methylenomycin antibiotics .
While the methylenomycins were already known as antibiotics , the researchers think it likely that novel pathways for antibiotic production are also under the control of AHFCAs .
The AHFCAs should be relatively easy to make in significant quantity in a lab and could be used as a new tool for discovery of antibiotics .
The researchers are now seeking funding to explore the AHFCAs and develop a novel approach for drug discovery .
Introducing a variety of AHFCAs to various Streptomyces bacteria could activate hundreds of pathways for antibiotic production .
The lead researcher on the paper Dr Christophe Corre , from the University of Warwick ’s Department of Chemistry said :
" Early results also suggest that this approach could switch on novel antibiotic production pathways in up to 50 % of Streptomyces bacteria .
With thousands of known members of the Streptomyces family that could mean that AHFCAs could unlock hundreds of new antibiotics to replenish our dwindling arsenal of effective antibiotic drugs . "
Note for editors :
The full paper is entitled : " 2 - Alkyl-4-hydroxymethylfuran - 3 - carboxylic acids , antibiotic production inducers discovered by Streptomyces coelicolor genome mining " by Christophe Corre , Lijiang Song , Sean O’Rourke , Keith F. Chater and Gregory L. Challis and will be published in PNAS ’s oline edition in the week beginning 27th October 2008
For further information please contact :
Dr Christophe Corre , Research Fellow in Chemical Biology
Department of Chemistry , University of Warwick
C.Corre@warwick.ac.uk
Professor Greg Challis , Professor of Chemical Biology ,
Department of Chemistry , University of Warwick
Tel : +44 ( 0) 24 7657 4024
G.L.Challis@warwick.ac.uk
Peter Dunn , Press and Media Relations Manager , Communications Office ,
University of Warwick , Coventry CV4 7AL
+ 44 ( 0)24 76 523708 or +44 ( 0)7767 655860 email : p.j.dunn@warwick.ac.uk
PR77 PJD 29th October 2008
As we wind down to the last few days of the election , it is important to remember that whomever is elected there will be an economic mess awaiting the new CEO of our country .
Make no mistake , there will be some hard choices that will confront this nation for the next 4 years so having a solid economic plan from the beginning is important for the financial health of our country .
After looking deeply into both plans , it is my belief that Senator Obama ’s plan is the best for the overall health of the economy .
I ’ll go through 3 important areas to clear this up .
Reason # 1 – Taxes
In essence this is the major policy issue that has been hit on the stump .
McCain ’s message has been providing tax cuts for corporate America trying to encourage job growth while Obama looks to cut taxes for 95 % of Americans .
This chart from the Washington Post does the best clarification of the plan :
As you can see from the chart , the Obama tax plan stands to benefit the majority of Americans .
In fact , the tax plan under Obama would give tax cuts to anyone making under $ 111,646 a year .
So if you make under $ 111,646 you are better off under the Obama plan , period .
However , between $ 111,646 and $ 226,981 not much of a difference exists .
However , the big change occurs on incomes over $ 603,403 .
That is where people will really feel the impact .
Now how many people make over $ 600,000 a year ?
Only 1.5 % of all American households even make more than $ 250,000 a year .
90 % of Americans are certain to do better under the Obama tax plan because look above , 90 % of households make less than $ 118,200 .
And those that fall between $ 166,200 and $ 250,000 is only 3.38 % and they stand to be nearly the same between Obama and McCain .
That is why the mincing of words between 90 % and 95 % has gotten a few confused .
Bottom line :
90 % will do better under the Obama plan .
3.38 % will stay the same between both plans
6.62 % will do a whole lot better under the McCain plan
Reason # 2 – Energy
On energy both candidates advocate a cap and trade system to reduce carbon emissions .
However , Obama has been much more clearer that he would promote renewable energy through direct investment and ultimately creating new jobs in the industry .
Senator McCain has discussed more specific options including drilling here and drilling now but really has n’t had a visionary proposal to wean us off any foreign fuel addiction .
The fact that Senator Obama has been clear about these green jobs is both good policy but also good for the economy ( which needs the help ) right now .
Employment opportunities will be created and given how quickly jobs are being lost this comes at an excellent time .
In addition , in the long - term the United States is the biggest consumer of foreign oil so economically speaking this is an investment that we can make right now that will pay high dividends in the future .
Reason # 3 – Housing
On housing , Senator McCain came out stating that he wanted to allocate $ 300 billion purchasing toxic mortgages from lenders to take them off their books at face value .
This idea was wrong from the beginning .
How quickly we forget that the House of Representatives shot down the initial U.S. Treasury plan of $ 700 billion because both parties got massive calls from constituents expressing their disgust at the initial plan .
The reasons for the disgust , was exactly what Senator McCain was pushing .
This notion that lenders will offload toxic mortgages onto the government balance sheet .
Well he circumvented any checks and stated he wanted the government to buy loans at face value .
This only benefits one group , irresponsible lenders and greedy Wall Street .
The clear loser here is the American taxpayer and homeowners .
What then after the loan is sold to the government ?
This does n’t negate the fact that the homeowners still is in trouble with his or her loan .
Do you really think lenders are going to sell their best loans to the government ?
Even the Obama camp came out strongly against this view :
“ DAYTON — Democrat Barack Obama told a campaign audience today that Republican John McCain ’s mortgage buyout plan would cost taxpayers billions of dollars and reward bad behavior by lenders .
Speaking in Dayton as he started a two - day bus tour of hotly contested Ohio , Obama said McCain ’s plan would force the government to absorb the full cost of renegotiating mortgages to prevent borrowers from losing their homes .
Lenders should share some of the costs , he said .
The Democratic presidential candidate ’s campaign also criticized McCain ’s mortgage plan in a new 30 - second ad to air nationally on cable TV , a relatively inexpensive way of drawing media attention to an issue .
Obama took another jab at McCain , whose family owns several houses , when he renewed his call to change bankruptcy laws to help hard - pressed borrowers keep their homes .
“ Right now , the law lets bankruptcy judges write down your mortgage if you own six or seven homes , ” he said , “ but not if you have only one . ”
It is amazing how Senator McCain can be so quick to focus on earmarks which made up $ 29 billion in 2006 yet be so quick to flush down the toilet $ 300 billion , over 10 times that amount .
You ’ll also notice how McCain has since backed away from this notion since it even had scant support in his own party .
McCain is so wrong on this issue .
McCain also mentioned putting in a bottom on house prices which is absurd .
Home prices are determined by local market conditions including jobs , schools , neighborhood , and local area incomes .
Putting in a bottom does absolutely nothing .
Senator Obama is more specific about what he wants to do to help the housing issue .
Make no mistake , no one party can solve the issue alone but bad policies can make the issue worse .
Here are 3 things that Senator Obama proposes :
(1) Create a universal mortgage credit :
This credit will provide an average of $ 500 to 10 million homeowners , the majority that make less than $ 50,000 a year .
This is important because this money will be spent ( most likely ) and it helps the true middle class of our country .
(2) Ensure more accountability in the subprime mortgage industry : First , Senator McCain ’s former economic adviser Phil Gramm is the ultimate de-regulation thinker .
This is not someone who will ensure accountability .
Senator Obama has been the first to propose enforcement of federal laws to stop fraud .
He also propose more transparency on mortgage loan applications .
(3) Close bankruptcy loophole for mortgage companies :
This is so important and vital .
The Republican side when the initial $ 700 billion bailout came about fought hard against cram - downs .
What are cram - downs ?
Essentially , a bankruptcy judge can force a lender to lower a loan amount to a sum that a buyer can afford given their circumstances .
This helps the homeowner and hurts the lender .
You can see why this was fought against so hard .
Lenders want to dump toxic mortgages , which they made in abject greed , on to the government so they do n’t have to deal with their actions .
This proposals opens the door to making lenders more accountable for their actions .
It also requires then to own a part of their mistake .
Not only is this a historic election but one that will test the new incoming President .
Unfortunately given the tone of the campaign many of these issues were drowned out .
But when you look at the actual numbers and details it is clear who has the better plan .
Senator Obama will have my vote on Tuesday .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
I ’d like to tackle the magic item creation process with the spin that I usually take for my games : start with meaning and derive mechanics .
I ’ve tried to make the nature of the process abstract enough to be applied to any particular system in which you ’d like to introduce a magical ( or the equivalent of that ) creation and still be practical enough so you can just sit down and follow the steps .
As always , the goal is efficiency : the procedure that follows strives to be simple and easy to follow and also produce solid , usable results .
So get a pad of paper , notebook , PDA or text program and let ’s do some forging !
You are here
The way I see it , there are mainly three venues to start our item creation process .
These three are , however , not equal starting points .
They have an inverse relationship between ease of use and usefulness .
What that means is that the easier it is to get started with one item , the less it adds to the whole process … for the most part .
On the other hand , do n’t worry about it , because you will have to tackle all three before we ’re done , it ’s just a matter of what helps you get started the most .
So here they are , from easiest to start with to hardest to start with ( and , at the same time , from less juicy to more juicy . )
A ) What the item is B ) What the item does C ) What ’s the situation ?
The first two items are pretty self explanatory although the last one can be tricky .
To make sure we ’re on the same page , let us briefly review what those items are together .
What the Item Is
Simply put , this asks for the physical aspect of the item in question .
However , there is more than meets the eye .
What if the item was a bronze sword and is now a flaming tongue of blue fire attached to a hilt ( no blade whatsoever ) , or what if it was a book that was made to look like a ethereal purple hat ?
We can start with a ) what the item is now or b ) what the item was ( if applicable . )
If there was a fundamental change you might want to get both a ) and b ) done now , although you certainly do n’t need to .
Whatever you decide make sure you include 3 details about the item if it is a reasonably common thing ( from your player ’s - not necessarily character ’s- point of view ) or 5 details if it ’s something obscure .
Example :
The pair of gloves had some strangeness looming over it .
You would n’t say that from a distance since it just looked like regular leather work dyed in dark paint , but if you touched them you would feel a cold smoothness that no regular skin has .
What is more , the interior was cool and comfortable with a nice silk texture to it .
You can add as many details as you ’d like , although I do not recommend going over board .
There is something that I call the 1 - 3 - 5 rule that applies to descriptions in general .
It basically says that when describing something ( situation or a thing ) , you should make it so that it has either one , three or five characteristics or details .
If I do n’t remember incorrectly , it was based on a study that stated that we tend to better remember things that are structured with an odd rather than even number of characteristics .
That being said , 1 thing is usually a tad little to make it ‘ special ’ ( although it can certainly be described like that to the players at first ) and 5 it ’s going to tax our brains a little too much .
I find that 3 really hits the target as the best number and , as you see , it ’s not very hard to produce a description like that .
What the Item Does
For a lot of people , this is the happiest part of the whole thing .
Still , we have some notes and steps to go through .
1 ) Answer this question “ What makes this thing magical ? ”
You need to answer it in a way that would make sense for the characters ( remember , those are the imaginary beings running around in the imaginary fantasy , not your snack munching friends . )
If you are stuck try this : describe the item in the way an old drunkard would if more booze was offered for the description .
You do not need to be precise ( it ’s often useful if you ’re not ) and you can lie , cheat and twist reality as much as you ’d like .
2 ) If you have a list of spells or powers that magic items have to be built from …
Refrain from using anything on that list for the description !
If you sit down and write ( oh yes , this is all written baby ) “ Bastard sword of magic missiles ” I will personally send my ninja pandas to bite your sorry little ass off .
We will get to the specifics ( in case your system absolutely , totally and completely needs them ) when the time is due .
3 ) You do n’t need to be specific .
If you listened to me in step number 2 ( if you did n’t that knock on your door are the pandas ) you ’ll start noticing that most times magic is ( or can be ) thematic .
You will notice even more when we deal with the third item on the first list ( the situation ) , but for now do yourself a favor and start thinking in broad terms .
You can certainly have a “ sword that bursts into flames ” as a concept idea , but since we ’re here why do n’t you take it a little further .
So you have a fire sword , what else is related to fire ?
Heat , light , passion , movement , demons , hell , knowledge .
Not only you can think of this , but also think of all the uses you could give to each one of this elements .
You do n’t need to write a manuscript , but make a point of writing a little list like this one , since it will give you a core area or a magic theme for your item , even if you do n’t end up using the things listed directly .
Remember that the item does not exists as just as an encapsulated effect slapped on top of a piece of gear .
Example :
You fellas should watch out with this mittens , they ’re not for the everyday customer ya see ?
I got em from a man who got em from a man who took them from our late Duke Orson …
The duke was a strange and dark man and many a fearsome hunk feared his presence .
But here ’s the thing , he never took the bloody things off !
My cousin Silvia , she ’s done well fer herself ya see… she ’s a professional courtesan and shares beds ( or floors , or carpets … ya get my drift ) with at least 12 big names round here .
So the thing is , she shook the blankets with Orson once or twice and told me that he always worse these darned gloves , even in bed !
She also said that it made her sick to be touched with them .
She is a pro but it must have made her really sick , because she never saw the Duke more than twice even though the money was shiny and plenty !
What ’s the Situation ?
If you have read the blog before you will know that I like this question … a LOT .
This category ( or item , or whatever ) is the best in terms of input - output economy ( more on this later ) but sometimes it ’s also the hardest to come up with .
This item has several sub-areas , but they can roughly be divided in two groups .
A ) What is the situation now ?
Where is the item ?
How did it get there ?
Has the magic in the item changed ?
Is it “ out of charges ” ?
Does the person /s who have the item , know what the item does ?
What is it being used for ?
Is anyone looking for it ?
Is anyone trying to hide it ?
B ) What was the situation then ?
Why was the magic item created ?
Who created it ?
What was used in the creation ?
How was the process conducted ?
Did it require any pacts with otherworldly entities ?
Was it eventually used for its original purpose ?
What was it used for ?
What happened afterwards ?
The questions previously listed are merely examples to get your mind started but you can add and subtract as many as you would like here .
Also the division between A and B assumes some sort of of time separation between the creation of the item and present day , this is not mandatory and you may disregard anything that does n’t make sense to you .
Thinking about all of this at once is not a very good way to go .
It will be daunting , and you ’ll try to make a ‘ cool story ’ which is absolutely not the way to go .
What you need to do is to brainstorm and get a lot of ideas on paper or whatever medium you use .
Remember that having ideas and trying to think if they ’re good at the same time is not a good idea , so go for quantity instead of quality here alright ?
At some point ( which might take minutes , or only 3 seconds ) you ’ll hit something that really strikes your “ Oh my good , I ’m soooo doing this ” chord .
When you get there , keep the same process but now start brainstorming new things about that particular situation .
Do so until you feel you have enough material .
Again , it does not have to make much sense , nor be really pretty .
We ’re going to take care of that in a second .
“ But how are we going to do that Fred ? ! ” I ’m glad you asked .
Yes , I ’m sure you saw it coming .
Specially if you ’ve been here for a bit .
The ‘ why ’ method is my personal power tool and we will be using it in this case as well .
In case you do n’t know what I ’m talking about , you can click [ here ] and read about it .
If you ’re too lazy , it basically means that you ’re going to take all the little details that you ’ve produced so far and are going to ask either Why or What to them .
Example :
The gloves are very smooth and cold .
A ) Why is this ?
Why are they specially smooth and cold ?
B ) What is this ?
What kind of smooth , what material does it resemble ?
How cold is it , does it ‘ burn ’ to the touch ?
You can then apply the same process to each answer that you get .
It ’s easy , it ’s fast and you can get excellent results with it .
I do recommend you read the article since it has a bunch of tips , ideas and examples to get you started .
What I meant at first about the items that are easier to start with give you the least final input , meant that starting with the situation will give you the most amount of material to apply this with .
Example ( for What ’s the situation ? ) :
The rain dashed through a circular opening , ran vertically through 100 feet of dark and rotten space and landed mostly on top of Orsen .
Malvas Orsen was enjoying one of Duke Argard ’s most precious belongings , a little ( not really ) contraption he proudly named “ The Poison Funnel . ”
The poison funnel was a sort of tower , it was certainly a sort of enormous cylinder , that had been erected in a hill near the castle .
The unlucky fellows who were sent to the funnel found themselves at the bottom of a strange building which was smooth as silk and made from stone cold as ice .
This , of course , was not the extent of the fun to be had there .
The tower walls were partially hollowed and were home to hundreds , thousands of small icara spiders .
These fiendish critters were not local and god only knows how much Argard had to pay to have them brought to his realm .
The spiders were little fragile things , but their poison was terribly effective on the human nervous system .
It did n’t actually kill outright , but it provoked acute jolts of pain that most times made a grown man faint .
When faced with as many as the tower had , the person would literally die of pain , their brain collapsing and their heart beating to oblivion at 100 miles per hour .
For Orsen , however , this was not the case .
He sat at the bottom of the funnel , eyes lost staring straight ahead , his mind in a completely pure and unblemished place of anger .
He sat there through boiling middays and chilling storms , he sat through bites and scratches and pints of deadly poison .
You see , Orsen had been betrayed .
He had served the noble who then had stolen , raped and later murdered his wife … and now he was being dispatched in this foul way because Argard did not want to be remembered of the unsuccessful romance .
Orsen had been left totally and unrepairably alone .
He woke from his catatonic slumber at the fourth day , still alive and surprisingly strong .
He also found that there were mountains of dead spiders around him , they had died by biting him .
Orsen would later find that his very flesh was poisonous and his blood pure venom , there was not time for it now .
He worked as if possessed by a strange presence , and in all probability he was .
For a full day and a full night he worked and at the beginning of the fifth day he was wearing the fruits of his labour .
Born from the skins of a thousand dead icara spiders were the dark leather gloves that he would wear from then on until the day of his passing .
Come Again ?
Alright , to recap .
You ’ve selected one of the tree items ( what the item is , what the item does , or what is the situation ? ) and have written a few things for it .
You then grab those things and apply the ‘ why ’ method to them a few times to get more information .
At this point , you are probably stepping out of the boundaries of your selection and into another category ( maybe you started with the item and are now thinking about what the item does , or you started with the situation and are now thinking about the item ) , this is completely kosher .
You now start doing the same process with your newly entered category , which will be both easier and faster since you now have a background to work with .
If you ’re stuck , you can do one of two things : a ) apply the method a bit more , and try asking different questions ( see original article ) or b ) jump to a different category and start from there .
By the nature of the process ( and the way we think about things ) you will probably start to build the big picture in your brain even without actually trying to build the big picture in your brain .
That ’s the beauty of the system .
If you ’ve been following us , I ’m sure you ’ve seen that I started with a simple pair of gloves , stated a simple possible magical effect for them and then went on expanding the background for their creation .
Also you might ( I certainly do ) look at all we did and see that you can now think of several other things the gloves can do : enable the user to climb walls like a spider , have a venomous touch ( or some other torture like effect ) , have stealth effects ( as spiders are usually related to that ) , have some sort of effect related to lust for blood ( since they could be the embodiment of his desire for revenge . )
That is just off the top of my head , but I ’m sure you get the point .
The process takes us from one item to the other , and then takes us back to tie all the loose ends and reconsider our first thoughts .
If you ’re thinking that this might take a long time to do , think again : it took me from 5 - 10 minutes tops to come up with the item ( all three points ) ; think of all the setting information , plot hooks and possible NPCs that we now potentially have from that simple exercise !
Final Words
I must say that I wrote this piece after I read [ this ] article in the much recommended SOB by Chad Perrin .
So thanks Chad for the inspiration .
I hope you ’ve not only enjoyed reading this but that you can also take what we ’ve talked about here to your games and use it like the tool it is to help you get things done easier and more efficiently .
I would also love to know what you guys think : what works ?
what does n’t ?
anything that you would do better ?
This articles are a permanent work in progress , one that can be immensely improved with your help .
Of course , if you liked this make sure to subscribe and keep tabs on all the roleplaying goodness .
Fred .
Should Middle East Funds Own U.S. Banks ?
It 's been a banner year so far for Middle Eastern investment in U.S. banks .
July 18 , 2008  --
Rising defaults on home loans led Citigroup to post a $ 2.5 billion loss today , but the earnings report still beat Wall Street expectations and shares for the company were expected to advance to today .
As Citi reported its results , a Saudi prince was likely playing close attention .
The nation 's biggest banking firm counts as one of its top stakeholders Prince Alwaleed bin Talal .
As of last year , the prince owned more than $ 3 billion in Citigroup shares through his company , Kingdom Holding Company .
In January , he was one of eight investors to buy a total of $ 12.5 billion in Citigroup securities .
The prince 's interest in U.S. bank investments is nothing new — he began investing in Citi in 1991 — but this year , as banks scrambled for capital , several Middle Eastern funds have followed bin Talal 's lead with sizeable investments of their own in American financial firms … and that makes some Americans uneasy .
" Americans should be able to have ownership of their country and not depend on international resources to bail them out , " said Stephanie Weeks , a New York resident and a customer of Citigroup - owned Citibank .
Is Weeks right to be upset ?
It depends on who you ask : Experts disagree about the benefits and risks of foreign investment in U.S. banks , particularly when it comes to investment from Middle Eastern states that , thanks to ever - growing oil revenues , have money to burn .
The Middle Eastern funds have " money is coming out of their ears because oil prices [ have been ] at $ 140 dollars a barrel , " said Desmond Lachman , a critic of sovereign wealth funds and a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank .
" These people have huge amounts of reserves and they want to invest them more profitably . "
While bin Talal 's fund is private , much of the debate revolves around sovereign wealth funds — funds that invest money on behalf of a country .
In November , United Arab Emirates ' Abu Dhabi Investment Authority invested $ 7.5 billion in Citigroup .
In January , Kuwait 's fund , the Kuwait Investment Authority , and the Singapore Investment Corporation were among the investors in the $ 12.5 billion Citi deal .
The same month , Merrill Lynch raised money from the Kuwait Investment Authority as part of a $ 6.6 billion preferred stock deal that also included South Korea 's Korea Investment Corporation .
Citi and Merrill have both expressed confidence in their sovereign wealth fund investors , but not everyone is so complimentary .
Critics , including politicians , have raised concerns about the funds putting political motivations ahead of investing goals .
" I find it hard to believe that a foreign government is willing to invest billions and have no say , " Sen .
Robert Menendez , R - N.J. , said at an April meeting of the Senate banking committee .
Others worry that the funds are n't forthcoming enough about their operations .
" I think the funds are not operating very transparently , " said Brad Setser , a fellow at the Council of Foreign Relations .
" They just never had a tradition of being transparent .
In some cases , they come from regions in the world that are not noted for their transparency . "
One exception , Setser said , is the Kuwait Investment Authority , which reports to Kuwait 's parliament and releases data about its size and the source of its funds .
But Setser said that even if funds are n't operating transparently , it does n't mean they 're acting politically either .
" There 's no evidence that foreign investors , whether it be private investors or state - owned enterprises or sovereign wealth funds , pursue anything other than economic objectives when they invest , " said Dan Ikenson , associate director for the Center for Trade Policy Studies at Cato , a libertarian think tank .
Even if a fund has ulterior motives , it might not have the ability to pursue them .
In a statement to ABC News , Citigroup stressed that its sovereign wealth fund investors " have no special rights of ownership or control and are restricted from seeking to influence management or the governance of the company . "
Ikenson said he welcomes foreign investment in U.S. banks because , these days , they provide much - needed liquidity .
" If we scare them away we will regret it because we really need access to international capital , " he said .
The Dubai Effect
Foreign investment in the United States fell under a searing spotlight in 2006 , when a company owned by the Middle Eastern state of Dubai sought to manage U.S. seaports .
The company , Dubai Ports World , eventually , pulled out after an uproar over national security concerns .
Since then , Congress passed legislation to strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States , the group charged with reviewing foreign investment to ensure that it does n't pose risks to the country 's national security .
Proponents of sovereign wealth funds and foreign investment in U.S. banks say that CIFIUS is just one of the safeguards keeping foreign influence on American financial institutions in check .
They note that when investors , foreign or not , purchase large shares of a bank — 5 percent or more — that can trigger reviews and disclosure requirements by the Federal Reserve and the Securities Exchange Commission .
Sovereign wealth fund investments in U.S. banks usually do n't exceed the five percent threshold .
That 's of little comfort to Lachlan , who said he 's concerned that Middle Eastern funds could take their minority stakes and team up to exert influence for a common political cause .
" You could be having a bunch of Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds that now have 20 percent stake in Citibank between them , " he said .
" All they have to do is collude and you 've got a problem . "
Ikenson dismissed the collusion idea as a " far - fetched theory . "
Scared Away ?
In the short - term , at least , foreign investment in U.S. banks may be on the decline , Setser said .
" The issue has fallen off the front page in large part because there has n't been any new round of investment and that 's likely linked to the poor performance of most major financial institutions , " he said .
The collapse of Bear Stearns , he said , may have made foreign investors especially leery .
" I think it would be a nightmare for a large sovereign investor to put a couple billion in a financial firm , " he said , " and see the financial firm go bust soon after . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
“ WELL , that ’s just great . ”
Quick , what does that sentence mean ?
Is the speaker acknowledging some good news , celebrating a joyful event that just took place ?
Do we take the statement at face value ?
Or could the person who said it mean something quite different , maybe even the opposite ?
Perhaps his pleasure is not genuine .
The fact is we do not know .
The words are ambiguous .
The comment could be kind and authentic : imagine his daughter has just announced that she made the school honor roll for the first time .
But he could just as well be stuck in rush - hour traffic , late for an important meeting .
His comment in that case is probably not genuine at all but sarcastic .
How can we tell which is which ?
How as listeners do we recognize and comprehend irony ?
And what makes us use sarcasm and irony in the first place , when we could just as easily be literal and unambiguous ?
Communication is tricky enough without deliberately muddling things with hidden layers of meaning .
What social purpose could such vagueness serve ?
Language of Failed Expectations ?
Psychologists are very interested in both how we use ironic language and how we see it for what it is .
And there are lots of ideas .
Some argue that ironic language is the language of failed expectations ; it is a fact of the human condition that things do not always turn out as planned , and language needs to capture and highlight that ironic sense of life .
But when and how does that sense of life emerge , and when do we develop the social competence to recognize it ?
One way to approach these questions is to look at language comprehension in children .
Youngsters have few life experiences to speak of , so it would seem that they should be innocent of its ironies .
They should take every sentence they hear literally , unless they are given some reason not to do so .
So , to stick with the same example : if someone says , “ Well , that ’s just great , ” kids should simply believe it .
They should not be expected to probe for deeper meaning .
If they do probe , it should be as an afterthought .
But is that the case ?
Psychologist Penny M. Pexman of the University of Calgary in Alberta decided to explore this problem in the laboratory , to see how quick and efficient kids are at processing irony and sarcasm .
She wanted to see how early in life this cognitive skill emerges .
She also wanted to find out if indeed kids go through a two - step process every time they are confronted with irony — taking the literal meaning first , then perceiving the hidden meaning as an afterthought .
It is hard to study children ’s minds , especially the five- to 10 - year - old minds in Pexman ’s studies .
She could not entirely rely on them to report on their own thinking , so she had to devise special methods to probe their perceptions .
Here is an example of what she did .
In one experiment , she trained kids to associate niceness with a smiling yellow duck and meanness with a snarling gray shark .
Then they watched puppet shows , in which the puppets made both sarcastic and literal remarks .
Rather than asking the kids to interpret the remarks , she tracked their eye gaze , to see whether they shifted their attention ever so slightly toward the shark or the duck after a particular remark .
The results , reported in the August issue of the journal Current Directions in Psychological Science , were intriguing .
If kids were indeed processing every sentence as literally true to begin with , then their eyes would reveal that .
That is , they would look automatically at the duck on hearing “ Well , that ’s just great . ”
But they did not .
When that sentence was used ironically , their eyes went immediately to the mean shark .
The irony required no laborious cognitive crunching .
They processed the insincerity as rapidly as they processed the basic meaning of the words .
Hints of Irony
So ironic sensibility appears to be hardwired into the neurons , although using and understanding irony also require social intelligence .
Both children and adults need hints that a comment is ironic as opposed to literal .
These hints come in the form of facial expression , tone of voice , knowledge of the speaker ’s personality , and so forth .
But all these social cues are processed instantaneously and integrated into a reliable sense of another person ’s beliefs and intentions .
Children with autism have difficulty doing this processing — that is , “ theorizing ” about what others are thinking and feeling .
Interestingly , some autistic children also have difficulty appreciating irony and sarcasm , suggesting that the same brain abnormality may be linked to both deficits .
Pexman ’s puppet experiments have revealed a fascinating subtlety about children ’s emerging ironic sensibilities .
She found that although even those as young as six years understand ironic criticism , they do not seem to “ get ” ironic praise .
For example , if a young child misses a soccer goal , he has no trouble knowing that “ Hey , nice shot ” is insincere and mean - spirited .
But if he scores a difficult shot and a teammate yells , “ Hey , lousy shot , man , ” that is a lot harder to process .
It does not compute automatically .
In other words , children appreciate hurtful irony but not cheerful irony .
Why would that be ?
Pexman believes it is because most people have a general expectation that others will be nice to them , not mean ; ironic language calls attention to the unexpected meanness .
Which seems to suggest that kids develop a sardonic sense of life ’s travails very early on .
Well , that ’s just great .
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title , " A Sense of Irony " .
Former Catholic Convert to Islam : Study Islam and Leave It
Many people convert to Islam because their partner is Muslim .
They think Islam is equal to Christianity plus Muhammad : a type of 2.1 version of the Windows of religion .
For men like me this is because it is a ( legal ) obligation or necessity to marry a Muslim woman .
Women mostly convert because their partner shows so much love for his religion and the rituals ( praying , fasting , ... ) have a charming effect , and to come closer to their partner , they just want to join in and convert .
One falls in love with the so - called Islamic atmosphere and solidarity without knowing what Islam really is about .
I was raised in a very strict Catholic family and grew up in a loving environment .
I converted to Islam long ago .
Even though my conversion was a big shock for my parents , they always considered me as their beloved son .
When I proposed to my fiancé , she wanted me to convert to Islam , which I did .
I realize now that it was not wise to convert to a religion , which I hardly knew anything about .
So I converted to Islam without studying it carefully .
This is a very common phenomenon ; I ’d even say it ’s typical .
The Muslim(a ) with whom one has a personal friendship or relation knows very little about Islam her / himself , did not study it systematically and does not even know how to start studying it in a systematic way .
Editor MA
Khan 's book ( Feb 2009 ) .
Learn
more here | Paperback : $ 24.95 | Kindle ed :
$ 7.96 | E.Book : $ 6:00 If one asks information about Islam to Muslims , they will give you a few innocent books to show how beautiful Islam is .
These books are mostly misleading and even texts written by the " Centre for Islam in Europe " , linked to the University of Gent ( Belgium ) are a twist of " real Islam " and a denial of the teachings of the four main Schools of Islam .
The pattern of their thinking is that the good verses of the Quran are generally applicable and the passages that call for violence are contextual and only meant for a specific situation .
The Quran however does not make this distinction .
These books justify the negative side of Islam by very “ creative ” reasoning , by concealing things , by wrong translations from Arabic and by outright lies .
My conversion to Islam was in a period of my life in which I was building up my career and family life and there was no room for studying Islam .
As a matter of fact , I had no idea how to start studying it .
At the time , there was no Internet yet .
I think very few people , Muslims as as well candidate - Muslims , understand anything of the Quran .
The reason is simple : the Quran is badly structured , very confusing and jumps from one subject to another .
It ’s an endless repetition of the same theme : believe in Allah and his Messenger Muhammad or you will receive the most horrible punishments in hell .
This is repeated endlessly .
Hundreds of times .
I have never met anyone , who can tell me which verses he or she was moved by or found touching , or new things Muhammad brought that were n’t already in Christianity or Judaism except the well - developed Jihad doctrine , and the threat and declaring as enemy anyone who does not believe in Allah and Muhammad .
There must be war until the whole world accepts Islamic laws , as illustrated in the following Quranic verses and in a tradition / hadith considered as authentic :
Quran 2:193 .
" And fight with them until there is no persecution , and religion should be only for Allah , but if they desist , then there should be no hostility except against the oppressors . "
Quran 8:39 .
" And fight with them until there is no more persecution and religion should be only for Allah ; but if they desist , then surely Allah sees what they do . "
Bukhari 2:24 : Allah 's Apostle said : " I have been ordered ( by Allah ) to fight against the people until they testify that none has the right to be worshipped but Allah and that Muhammad is Allah 's Apostle , and offer the prayers perfectly and give the obligatory charity , so if they perform a that , then they save their lives and property from me except for Islamic laws and then their reckoning ( accounts ) will be done by Allah . "
The Quran is undoubtedly the miracle of Islam .
I really think Muhammad was an incredible genius to “ sell ” a book with ....
Absurdities ( the sun goes down in a muddy pond Quran 18.86 ) Contradictions ( initially everyone has the right to choose his own religion , Quran chapter 109 , and in the end polytheists have to be killed in Quran 9.5 ) , Logical mistakes in thinking ( according to the Quran , verse 4.157 , the Jews say that Jesus is the Messiah and a Prophet of Allah , which they never did ) threats ( the unbelievers are fuel for hell Quran , 2.24 )
... as a book coming from Allah and the top of communication between Allah and mankind — the perfect book .
In the meantime this book became so holy that mistreating it can be a legitimate reason for murder .
As a matter of fact , even devout Muslims will confirm that the Quran is hard to understand .
They even prove it by the existence of the so - called tafsirs , Quranic commentaries .
The Quran claims to be a guide for the believer but to understand it one needs 10 more books .
This can not be right !
A guiding book has to be clear !
In one respect the Quran is rather harmless for a candidate - Muslim .
It is so boring and unreadable that hardly anybody gets any further than the first few pages , then gives up .
Personally , I do n’t know any book that is so confusing .
I think there is none .
It would n’t get published anyway .
A few years ago , I mentioned to my wife that all news about Islam was so negative that I wondered what Islam really teaches .
She told me there were no secrets and that everything was written in the books .
Of course , I had Muslims confirm that these were the best sources and I could buy them from online Islamic bookstores .
I searched the Internet to make a list of original source - books on Islam and I purchased these books .
I have read the following 20 books : 1 . The Quran 2 .
The authentic traditions of Muhammad ( Sahih Hadith ) by Bukhari : 9 books 3 . A summary of the authentic traditions of Muhammad by ( Sahih ) Muslim : 2 books 4 . Life of the Prophet : oldest biography by Ibn Ishaq 5 . Life of the Prophet : Tabari : 4 books 6 . Life of the Prophet : Ibn Sa'd : 2 books 7 . Shariah book called Umdat as - salik / Reliance of the Traveller of the Shafi'i school ( 1 of the 4 large schools of Islam recognized by the Al - Azhar university in Egypt ) .
This is not an original source but it is how the Quran , the hadith and the biographies of the Muhammad are interpreted by Muslim scholars and are being turned into laws .
This book is incredibly user - friendly and I use it to check my interpretation of the Quran and the Hadith .
This Shariah book does not contain any surprises because it is consistent with the Quran and the Sahih Hadith .
After reading these books , I could no longer remain a Muslim .
There is no greater insult to Muhammad as a prophet and for Islam as an ideology , than the Quran and the original sources of Islam : books written by Allah and Muslims for Muslims .
That is why websites that criticise Islam advise everyone to study Islam from these original sources .
What is written in these books is too crazy for words .
Many practices that we consider as immoral in the 21st century have been permitted by Muhammad .
I have found the following issues very disturbing :
1. Slavery Muhammad was keeping slaves and made trade in them .
This means that slavery is part of Islam forever .
Slavery has only been abolished in Muslim countries under Western pressure .
Therefore , slavery can be reinstated at any time .
Islamic legislation concerning slavery is being reprinted up till today by the main schools of Islam , so that scholars are aware of it .
Furthermore Islam allows female slaves and female prisoners of war to be raped on condition that well - established rules are followed .
Muhammad himself encouraged this , see the following authentic tradition / hadith transmitted by Muslim .
The title of chapter 29 is already very revealing : Sahih Muslim 8:29 : “ IT IS PERMISSIBLE TO HAVE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WITH A CAPTIVE WOMAN AFTER SHE IS PURIFIED ( OF MENSES OR DELIVERY ) IN CASE SHE HAS A HUSBAND , HER MARRIAGE IS ABROGATED AFTER SHE BECOMES CAPTIVE . ” Sahih Muslim 8:3432 : “ Abu Sa'id al - Khudri ( may Allah be pleased with him ) reported that at the Battle of Hunain Allah 's Messenger ( may peace be upon him ) sent an army to Autas and encountered the enemy and fought with them .
Having overcome them and taken them captives , the Companions of Allah 's Messenger ( may peace be upon him ) seemed to refrain from having intercourse with captive women because of their husbands being polytheists .
Then Allah , Most High , sent down regarding that : "
And women already married , except those whom your right hands possess ( verse 4:24 ) " ( i.e. , they were lawful for them when their ' Idda period came to an end ) . ”
2 . The humiliating position of women
They cannot decide whom they get married to and can be divorced any time without any formality .
... or can be exchanged for another woman .
Quran 4:20 says : “ And if you wish to have ( one ) wife in place of another and you have given one of them a heap of gold , then take not from it anything ; would you take it by slandering ( her ) and ( doing her ) manifest wrong ? ”
Women have to obey their husbands and if the husband fears she will not obey she may be beaten .
Quran 4:34 : " Men are the maintainers of women because Allah has made some of them to excel others and because they spend out of their property ; the good women are therefore obedient , guarding the unseen as Allah has guarded ; and ( as to ) those on whose part you fear desertion , admonish them , and leave them alone in the sleeping - places and beat them ; then if they obey you , do not seek a way against them ; surely Allah is High , Great . "
Note : " beat them ( fem. pl. ) " in Arabic , is often translated by " discipline her " or “ scourge her ” because the translator is obviously too ashamed to use the word beating .
One of the four schools of Islam , namely the Shafi 'i school , states without shame that the only duty of a woman is to sexually satisfy her husband .
Through her dowry he gets a one - off payment .
This reminds me of the oldest profession in the world .
Scholars of the Shafi 'i school do not make this up .
They simply learn this from the Quran : Quran 4:24 .
“... Then as to those whom you profit by , give them their dowries as appointed ... ” Quran 4:20 .
“ And if you wish to have ( one ) wife in place of another and you have given one of them a heap of gold , then take not from it anything ; would you take it by slandering ( her ) and ( doing her ) manifest wrong ?
Quran 4:21 .
“ And how can you take it when one of you has already gone in to the other and they have made with you a firm covenant ?
This also has been confirmed by authentic traditions of Muhammad , which clearly state that the dowry is only linked to sexual intercourse with the husband .
If he divorces her after having sexual intercourse even only once , he loses this money .
( Muslim , Book 9 , number 3557 . )
3 . The killing of apostates Most Muslims and non-Muslims think this is an anomaly .
They are wrong .
This practice is not only in the collective memory of the population in Muslim countries , but all shariah handbooks tell the same story .
Everyone who has studied Islam seriously knows that Shariah prescribes the death penalty for apostates .
This is based on the authentic traditions of Muhammad who said : " If somebody ( a Muslim ) discards his religion , kill him . "
( Bukhari , Book 52 , Number 260 ) and " The blood of a Muslim who confesses that none has the right to be worshipped but Allah and that I am His Apostle , cannot be shed except in three cases :
In Qisas for murder , a married person who commits illegal sexual intercourse and the one who reverts from Islam ( apostate ) and leaves the Muslims . "
( Bukhari , Book 83 Number 17 )
In most Islamic countries the death penalty for apostasy is not applied because this is an inhumane law .
In these countries however apostates are harassed administratively by all possible means or are punished in one way or another .
In the so - called moderate Muslim country Malaysia they have sent a woman to a psychiatric institution and her child has been taken away from her because she had turned away from Islam and became a Hindu .
Fortunately she lives in " moderate " Malaysia .
If she were living in Saudi - Arabia , she would be beheaded .
4 . Polygamy as legalized adultery .
Contrary to what some Muslim ( a ) s claim , polygamy is not an exceptional situation and the first wife does not need to give permission .
The man has the unconditional right to four wives if he gives them a dowry according to their status and if he can provide for them .
Women who do n’t grant this right to their husbands are ungrateful and therefore they will go to hell .
This is described in the tradition of Muhammad narrated by Muslim in Book 1 , Number 142 .
5 . The call of the Quran and Muhammad for eternal war until Islam is the dominant system everywhere ( see above ) 6 .
The inhumane punishments for theft and adultery with the idea in mind ( Tradition by Muslim in Book 1 , Number 171 ) that Allah can forgive anything except worshipping other gods besides Him .
If one says that Jesus is the Son of God one goes to hell , but when one commits theft or adultery and only believes in Allah one can go to heaven .
7 . The double personality of Muhammad , who on one hand was completely reliable , beloved , patient , and even timid and who on the other hand encouraged killing , torture , robbing and rape .
8 . The inconsistence of the Quran .
It is hard to believe that this is the work of a Supreme Being .
One has to be unbelievably brainwashed to think this is sublime .
In Pakistan however , you will be beheaded if you throw the Quran in a waste - bin .
Many a Muslim will claim that what I have written has nothing to do with Islam and that all of it are culture - related issues .
This is completely false .
The situation of the Muslim has nothing to do with a so called backward culture in Islamic countries but has everything to do with true Islam itself .
In my opinion Islam is in violation with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights on many issues and poses a danger to society .
Reformation of Islam is impossible since everything is described in detail in the Quran and the Hadith / traditions of Muhammad .
The Quran and the Hadith are complementary and provide explanations for one another .
The so - called reformers or moderate Muslims pretend that a large part of the Quran does not exist .
Or they try to distort the truth because it so ugly .
The extremists ( Wahabi , Salafists , ... ) or so - called “ radicalized youth ” just go for the whole story .
If in the West Islam is considered as an “ approved ” religion , one cannot blame these people that they use their right to effectively follow the Quran and the Hadith .
One forgets that Islam is not only a religion but also a culture , a social system , a legislation , a political system , a military system , .... and that these cannot easily be separated .
An example : one would expect that prayer belongs to the religious domain .
During prayer muslims read a chapter of the Quran .
When they choose chapter 9 and recite that polytheists should be killed ( 9:5 ) and that Christians and Jews have to be fought until they submit ( 9:29 ) and that you may not spend time with your ‘ unbelieving ’ family members ( 9:23 ) , one enters in the military , social and political domain .
And then muslims are surprised that they have to explain to those Polytheists , Jews , Christians or atheist relatives that these verses are no longer valid and were meant only for specific circumstances , wherease Islamic scholars claim the exact opposite .
When I put everything in perspective I cannot understand how anyone who has studied Islam thoroughly on the basis of the Islamic sources , still can remain a Muslim .
I am no longer a Muslim .
i hope every Muslim will study Islam thoroughly and follow suit .
Finally I wish peace to all my Muslim and non-Muslim brothers and sisters !
This article first appeared in Faithfreedom.org .
It has been slightly shortened .
If you like this essay : Stumble it digg it r eddit
Name : closed Comment : Comments Notes : Keep comments short .
Our system cannot separate paragraphs .
Comments must be relevant to the topic of the article .
We did not regulate the comments but if irrelevant comments , materials , adds of other websites etc. are being uploaded , we will have to regulate them and even ban the IP addresses of such nuisance posters .
Name : Ex-muslim
Date : Thursday November 20 , 2008
Time : 10:38:47 - 0500
Comment
Welcome back to humanity and congratulations on leaving the sick cult of Islam behind you .
Since you were in Islam for a very long time , there is a lot that you can do in order to help other like you .
who have been fooled into believing the Islam is the religion of Peace !
I hope that you wife is also realise the truth soon and comes back to Humanity .
Good Luck to you and Best wishes !
Name : Religion of peace or religion of violence ?
Date : Thursday November 20 , 2008
Time : 16:19:59 - 0500
Comment
Islam as a " religion of peace " is false advertising , plain and simple .
Sadly , over the centuries , those in positions of power have often used religion , particularly Christianity , to humiliate and dominate others .
However , there is no Biblical support for doing so .
However , in Islam , violence is mandated in the Koran with Muhammad being the chief example .
Name : seeker
Date : Thursday November 20 , 2008
Time : 21:11:19 - 0500
Comment
Welcome back .
Thanks for seeing the truth and leaving this cult .
Islam , the religion of peace and a huge stack of dead bodies .
Name : good one
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 00:51:48 - 0500
Comment
good one .religion itself is a falacy , it cant stand up to logic or truth so must be rejected .
many say jesus was better or this was better , but basically a creationist god who created man etc is itself false .
man is evoled by nature , proof of trth is in our dna and genes .
if some god created man who created god ?
if some god created that god who created that god who created that god ?
the story continues .
nature is truth truth shal stand out from error , set us free and give us salvation .
Name : henri
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 01:27:45 -0500
Comment
If you can read french , a nice video explaining the dualitty and hypochrisy of the koran !
http://www.islamisation.fr
Name : vbv
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 05:15:00 - 0500
Comment
I have come accross many muslim women out of ignorance claim that it is islam which has given dignity to women .
Secularist modern society have denigrated women to display their bodies ( half - clad / semi- nude ) to sell everything from cars , toiletry , perfumes , draperies to even men's shaving cream !
These ignorant women have no idea of the status of women in countries like Saudi Arabia , Iran , Afghanistan , Yemen , etc .
where women are nothing more than bonded slaves of men , more aptly sex - slaves .
Many non-muslim women are fooled by the lies of conmen like Zakir Naik or Israar Ahmed .
They repent after they convert and revert back to their original creed - mind you , this is possible in India .
Certainly not possible even in the so - called moderate countries like Malaysia or Indonesia .
Let 's hope articles like the one above can open the eyes of muslims who want to be " De-zombied " .
Name :
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 07:20:29 - 0500
Comment
The rosy picture these muslim paint to ingratiate islam with unsuspecting victums is best debunked by this article , it is a must read for a person beset by the brain washing mechanisam of these muslims .
http://www.islamreview.com/articles/quransdoctrineprint.htm
Name : you have spoken the truth ...
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 09:03:27 - 0500
Comment
well done , welcome to the mankind , not muslims and non muslims
Name :
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 13:26:40 - 0500
Comment
" In the so - called moderate Muslim country Malaysia they have sent a woman to a psychiatric institution and her child has been taken away from her because she had turned away from Islam and became a Hindu . " A correction to this statement :
The lady in question , M. Revathi , was never a Muslim .
Her parents converted when she was a child but she was raised by her Hindu grandmother .
The Malaysian authorities consider her a Muslim because of her parents ' religious status .
Name : Vijay
Date : Friday November 21 , 2008
Time : 14:26:26 - 0500
Comment
Good article .
It will take only watching this video to leave islam .
http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=RobTCmuKWIY
Do a favor and please send it to all your contacts who are still enslaved in islam .
Name : Another " welcome back ! "
Date : Saturday November 22 , 2008
Time : 00:53:58 - 0500
Comment
Good job , man !
Welcome back to humanity and freedom .
A Muslim carrying a banner said , " Freedom go to hell . "
To learn more about Islam you can go to www.chick.com/information/religions/islam.
They also offer 3 good books about Islam .
One is called , " Anatomy of the Qur'an . " - which documents the contradictions in the quran .
Also , " Who is this Allah ? " - which , shows how " Allah " is NOT the true god but an imposter !
Name : Tony
Date : Saturday November 22 , 2008
Time : 06:35:59 - 0500
Comment
Hi - and well done !
The Pope apologised during his vists to Australia for the harm done by paedophile priests .
I once suggested to a serious moslem that his religious colleagues should start knocking on doors and apologising to humans for the damage that Islam has done to so many people .
Guess what ?!
He thought I was joking !
Name : Zombie Fried Chicken
Date : Saturday November 22 , 2008
Time : 18:55:08 - 0500
Comment
This article goes to show the simple truth that if one was to truly know Islam , he would be left with few options .
If he was muslim and had a conscience , he would have to become an apostate .
If he was not a Muslim , he would have to dedicate himself to the descruction of Islam .
To stay a muslim would be to continue to contribute to evil , to tolerate it would be to deserve whatever you get as a non-muslim is an Islamic state , your eventual demise .
The issue really is black and white , the choice may not be easy but it is clear .
Name : Mohamed Atta
Date : Wednesday November 26 , 2008
Time : 06:20:34 - 0500
Comment
We Muslims will conquer the world !
Just look at the FACTS !
More people convert to Islam than any other religion .
Islam is the fastest growing religion .
Muslims have a much higher birth rate than others .
We are also invading Europe and other continents by the MILLIONS every year .
Thanks to your easy immigration policies .
You WILL convert to Islam weather u like it or not .
Name : To Mohamed Atta
Date : Wednesday November 26 , 2008
Time : 08:13:18 - 0500
Comment
It means more bad people are converted to Islam .
It means the world is getting more dangerous everyday .
Name : Zombie Fried Chicken
Date : Thursday November 27 , 2008
Time : 09:15:29 - 0500
Comment
To Mohamed Atta .
Just because cancer cells grow faster than normal cells and eventually take over and choke out an organism and eventually kill it , it is not good .
Are you proud that you are cancer ?
Name : To JJ
Date : Thursday November 27 , 2008
Time : 13:51:51 - 0500
Comment
Did your wife divorce you ?
Are you now an apostate from Islam and subject to the death penalty ?
Name : solsticewitch13
Date : Thursday November 27 , 2008
Time : 19:32:01 - 0500
Comment
to the atta TOAD , , You are delusional , , do you seriously think you can force us into your sick and twisted religion .
The Infidel ADVANCED civilization has 5 billion , , the 7th century medeival barbarians ( aka islam ) , has 1.2 billion , and you assclowns kill yourselves off , with your savagry .
You honour kill your females , , so they wo n't breed .
The Bikers , the rednecks , , the rockers , the freedom loving civilized Infidel world , is educating our people about the EVIL of islam .
Your dirty secret is out .
270 MILLION
Infidels murdered by the tears of jihad .
We will STOP you .
Name : anonymous
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 01:13:54 - 0500
Comment
Hey Mohamed Atta , Mohammend was not a true prophet .
He made up a false religion of peace just for his self glory .
He was rapist , pedophile , wife beater , murderer and liar .
He even married a 6 years old girl named Aisha when he was 54 .
He raped her and destroyed her reproductive organs .
She was 18 and childless when he died .
She never had children when she died in yher 60's .
I read stories about islamization of Europe in http://www.apostatesofislam.com
The truth is the converts to Islam in Europe are mostly European women .
But islamization of Europe will not last due to global warming that will cause north pole ocean of icebergs to melt and overflood northern Europe resulting in mssive loss of land mass .
In America , thousands of people who convert to Islam every week are mostly women and men from different minority groups including American Mexicans .
But there is one problem with Islam : if you convert to Islam , are you willing to subject your daughters to a Muslim custom called female genital mutilation ( or fgm for short ) ?
There are 3 types of FGM .
FGM level one is very common in Saudi Arabia , Palestine and some other neighboring countries .
It means only the removal of clitoris tip .
FGM level 2 and 3 are very common in Yemen and safara Africa .
It means excessive removal of labia and libia lips .
In Islam , women are not allowed to choose the husband of their choice .
Thousands of child brides are either under age 10 or barely over 10 .
This is widespread in Kabul , Iraq .
They are mostly married off to old men over age 50,60 , and 70 .
Ewww !
This is so gross !
In the Book of Koran , slavery is 100 % legal whether it is sex or labor .
Even it says that fathers have the right to kill their sons or daughters if they are disobedient .
In the Bible , the book of Revelation warned the readers about the false religion of peace , anti-Christ rising out of the Middle East and a lot of beheadings for Christians who remain steadfastly faithful to Jesus Christ in the last days .
It also bears the good news : it speaks of God 's promise to defend Israel against enemies from Russia , China and Islam .
It is foretold that the enemie will march into Israel only to die in friendly fires in the mountains .
200 miles of blood shed is also mentioned .
1,500 of the Muslim / Islam reign of terror will end in that very last war .
So we are very confident that the false religion of peace ( Islam ) will become dust and we will live in peace with respect for all humanity just like Native American Indians .
How exciting is that !
The new world is coming .
It 's like rebirth of Native American Indian way of life that the world will adopt to restore harmony in sacred life of circle like a hoop .
In the name of humanity , we will endure to the end .
For more info , look in http://www.apostatesofislam.com
May you walk in beauty !
Name : Flex
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 01:14:16 - 0500
Comment
All religion is man made and false .
All of it .
This Muslim cult is particularly dangerous .
The civilized world needs to find the backbone to call it what it is , a PLAGUE , a crime against humanity .
How can so many people be so stupid ?
Islam has contributed nothing but suffering to humanity .
Islam is the enemy of mankind .
Name : Feel bad for you
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 02:35:40 - 0500
Comment
I feel bad for you as you came so close to enlightenment and the went back to the dark side .
http://www.answering-christianity.com/ac.htm
Name : christa
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 11:30:57 - 0500
Comment
Very well written , thanks .
This is confirming my experience with Islam , being married ( as a woman ) to a Muslim for more than 15 years .
I stumbled into the marriage and came out with precisely the same experience and the same opinion , after educating myself on Islam ...
Name : Boto , the Pink Dolphin God
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 18:17:45 - 0500
Comment
Allah ate my balls .
Name : Rick Dawkins
Date : Friday November 28 , 2008
Time : 18:19:16 - 0500
Comment
If one person is delusional , they call him insane .
If many people are delusional , they call it religion .
Mohammad was insane .
Name : x muslim
Date : Saturday November 29 , 2008
Time : 09:34:12 - 0500
Comment
no body can be proud being a muslim
Name : indonesians
Date : Saturday November 29 , 2008
Time : 10:22:00 - 0500
Comment
dont ever give a chance for muslims , keep your faith in Xtus , tks
Name : Philip Saenz
Date : Saturday November 29 , 2008
Time : 16:02:25 - 0500
Comment
" The Religion of Peace , " supposedly Islam , is the biggest lie in the world .
It is also the cruelest lie in the world .
It 's a wonder that Islam masquerated as a religion for so long , about 1,400 years .
Muhammad brought more misery into the world than Adolph Hitler , Mao Ze Tung , and Joseph Stalin combined .
Muhammad has to be the worst scum ever created .
Muhammad was a paedophile , child molester , camel piss drinker , rapist , liar , slave owner , false prophet , wife beater , whore monger , murderer and a lunatic , a genuine idiot .
Muhammad said that the earth is flat .
And still people admire him .
Sick , sick , sick .
Name : Fast growth ?
Big deal .
Date : Saturday November 29 , 2008
Time : 18:50:36 - 0500
Comment
Why is it that supposedly being the world 's fastest growing religion makes it a religion of truth ?
Jesus , whom Muslims officially believe was a prophet of God , said that " the road to salvation is cramped and narrow , and few are the ones finding it " .
So if Muslims believe in Jesus , as they claim to , then the fast growth that Muslims put such emphasis on is really of no importance at all .
Sorry all you Muslims but you can't have it both ways .
Name : lol
Date : Sunday November 30 , 2008
Time : 03:12:00 - 0500
Comment
Your all sad people .
Your saying such sick stuff about Muslims , yet look at what your saying ?
Your saying nasty things as well .
Once you guys realize that any anti-religion site never has real facts , maybe then you can actually learn about the truth of every religion .
I 'm still studying Islam , but you guys are just animals honestly .
You Christians / Catholics have no right to say a thing , have you forgotten the Crusade ?
Oh that 's right , because whatever you do is just fine .
Please , people like you are the reason I left Christianity and am looking for other religions to guide me .
Name : Bah
Date : Sunday November 30 , 2008
Time : 09:46:51 - 0500
Comment
How come this cult is still spreading like a wildfire if all what is mentioned above is true ?
What are you doing to spread the word so that people revert to humanity and discard this the way you have done ?
Why is the West not taking lead on this ?
Assuming what you have written is wrong , still why not people allowed to speak their mind and open discussions held ?
Why are people living in majority christian nations do n't open talk and print about this all ?
Why fear ?
Let them also contradict this and let the public at large judge who is right ?
Name :
To devout Islamist lol
Date : Sunday November 30 , 2008
Time : 12:12:06 - 0500
Comment
Here is a bad news for Islam : ROME – An Egyptian - born writer who renounced Islam and was baptized by Pope Benedict XVI said Sunday that he has formed a political party that would enter candidates in next year 's EU elections .
In March , Allam angered some in the Muslim world with a high - profile conversion during an Easter vigil service led by the pope in St. Peter 's Basilica .
He said in leading daily Corriere della Sera , where he has worked as deputy editor , that the " root of evil is inherent in an Islam that is physiologically violent and historically conflictual . "
Name : Jan
Date : Sunday November 30 , 2008
Time : 22:37:59 - 0500
Comment
Mat 7:15
Beware of false prophets , which come to you in sheep 's clothing , but inwardly they are ravening wolves .
John 16: 2 in fact , a time is coming when anyone who kills you will think he is offering a service to God .
They will do such things because they have not known the Father or me .
2 Pet 2:2
Many will follow their shameful ways and will bring the way of truth into disrepute .
( Angel meets Muhammad to bring Islam : ) Galatian 1:8 : But even if we or an angel from heaven should preach a gospel other than the one we preached to you , let him be eternally condemned .
Deu 13:5
That prophet or dreamer must be put to death , because he preached rebellion against the LORD your God , who brought you out of Egypt and redeemed you from the land of slavery ; he has tried to turn you from the way the LORD your God commanded you to follow .
You must purge the evil from among you
Name : the Ex-muslim Atheist
Date : Monday December 01 , 2008
Time : 04:26:00 - 0500
Comment
convert to reason and science , my brother , not only islam , almost all religion , especially abrahamic ones claim that killing hectics / infidels , even heretics is not a sin , it 's even justified , holy wars begin because pope Urban II orders all christians to join a war against turks .
there almost no ' religion of peace ' on earth historically .
Name :
Date : Monday December 01 , 2008
Time : 11:26:21 - 0500
Comment
God bless u
Name : muslimad
Date : Monday December 01 , 2008
Time : 18:33:29 - 0500
Comment
this is bullshit there is only one god allah
Name : Conteplated suicide ( ( AKA Becoming a Muslim ) )
Date : Monday December 01 , 2008
Time : 20:49:52 - 0500
Comment
Welcome back =)
Name : Refuter of Islamic lies !
Date : Tuesday December 02 , 2008
Time : 11:50:10 - 0500
Comment
The so - called “ members of other faiths ” alluded to by Muslims are nearly always just nominal members who have no active involvement .
They are neither inspired by , nor do they credit religion as Muslim terrorists do , and this is what makes it a very different matter .
Islam is associated with Islamic terrorism because that is the association that the terrorists themselves choose to make .
Muslims who compare crime committed by people who happen to be nominal members of other religions to religious terror committed explicitly in the name of Islam are comparing apples to oranges .
By contrast , Islamic terrorists staged nearly ten thousand deadly attacks in just the six years following September 11th , 2001 .
If one goes back to 1971 , when Muslim armies in Bangladesh began the mass slaughter of Hindus , through the years of Jihad in the Sudan , Kashmir and Algeria , and the present - day Sunni - Shia violence in Iraq , the number of innocents killed in the name of Islam probably exceeds five million over this same period .
In the last six years , there have been perhaps a dozen or so religiously - inspired killings by people of all other faiths combined .
No other religion produces the killing sprees that Islam does nearly every day of the year .
Neither do they have verses in their holy texts that arguably support it .
Nor do they have large groups across the globe dedicated to the mass murder of people who worship a different god .
Muslims may like to pretend that other religions are just as subject to " misinterpretation " as is their “ perfect ” one , but the reality speaks of something far worse .
The first Crusade began in 1095 … 460 years after the first Christian city was overrun by Muslim armies , 457 years after Jerusalem was conquered by Muslim armies , 453 years after Egypt was taken by Muslim armies , 443 after Muslims first plundered Italy , 427 years after Muslim armies first laid siege to the Christian capital of Constantinople , 380 years after Spain was conquered by Muslim armies , 363 years after France was first attacked by Muslim armies , 249 years after Rome itself was sacked by a Muslim army , and only after centuries of church burnings , killings , enslavement and forced conversions of Christians .
By the time the Crusades finally began , Muslim armies had conquered two - thirds of the Christian world .
Europe had been harassed by Muslims since the first few years following Muhammad ’s death .
As early as 652 , Muhammad ’s followers launched raids on the island of Sicily , waging a full - scale occupation 200 years later that lasted almost a century and was punctuated by massacres , such as that at the town of Castrogiovanni , in which 8,000 Christians were put to death .
In 1084 , ten years before the first crusade , Muslims staged another devastating Sicilian raid , burning churches in Reggio , enslaving monks and raping an abbey of nuns before carrying them into captivity .
The Crusades were provoked by the harassment of Christian pilgrims from Europe to the Holy Land , in which many were kidnapped , molested , forcibly converted to Islam or even killed .
( Compare this to Islam ’s justification for slaughter on the basis of Muslims being denied access to the Meccan pilgrimage in Muhammad ’s time ) .
The Crusaders only invaded lands that were Christian .
They never attacked Saudi Arabia or sacked Mecca as the Muslims had done ( and continued doing ) to Italy and Constantinople .
The period of Crusader “ occupation ” ( of its own former land ) was stretched over less than two centuries .
The Muslim occupation is in its 1,374th year .
Name : snm
Date : Wednesday December 03 , 2008
Time : 01:13:05 - 0500
Comment
to jj , what was lacking in your strict religious ( catholic ) and loving upbringing that when faced with the decision of marriage , you decided to change course without looking into your " new faith " .
why did u cheat your fiance into thinking you were accepting Islam when you were not , as you did not understand the faith , as you admitted .
is this breach of trust on your part a reflection of your weak upbringing , yes .
does it say how disheartened you might have been with Christianity , that you did cared where your religious affiliations led you to , no matter how strange that religion be to you ?
no doubt .
the ingrained contradiction of Catholicism leaves pretty much every one with a numb mind .
there is god , but there are three gods , or three forms of god , they are one , but no they are different .
and forget them anyways now , because you have the pope .
see just too confusing , hardly puzzling though given the odd marriage of Ibrahimic monotheism to illogical , yet well liked polytheism of the Rome .
So after going through all the trauma you h=must have endured , if you are truthful regarding the catholic upbringing , you decided that thinking makes no difference what so ever , every faith must be the same .
accustomed to living in people who let the cultural attitudes , and social sickness , ( cancerous and viral to zombie fried chicken ) grow , and then lets wait for the pope to open up the arms of Christianity for that , following the steps of the its ancient predecessor who innovated the the concept of trinity , Christmas , and God knows what else .
i am waiting for when the church says a few words on how the pedophilia , recognized as a crime by the people of this age , and by the church itself is somehow sacred and blissful for the lucky kids who fell prey to it .
i know i know Muhammad saw married a 9 year old , who BTW was gona get married anyways at that age , ( you see that was the custom then , people married off young girls or killed them , they didnot lout other of their wealth so food was a sacricity in arabia , and girls considered a burden , much like they were else where as well , you know like giving the hand of a princess to a foreign prince , or an army general , basically trading their daughters to build alliances , and if you do n't know of it read the history of the christian world around 500 AD .
oh , on a side note Aisha ra loved her husband , more than one of the ' christians ' can wish to be loved by his wife , especially now a day !
but getting back to your story , something in there seems missing , it seems like a fish flying to live on a mountain peak covered with ice , and actually does so .... something seems fishy ... is it by any chance the fact that you ever converted to islam , i mean you could have claimed to the intent intention to harm the faith !
again .
its a may be , you know your intention the best among us , but as i said something is not right ...
Name : snm
Date : Wednesday December 03 , 2008
Time : 01:37:35 - 0500
Comment
to Mohammad Atta : there is no point in telling who will over come the other .
To many aiming arrows at Islam and Prophet Mohammad saw and ALLAH swt ( the same God Ibrahim , Issac , Jacob , Moses , and Jesus worshipped ) : there is a reason your are called non-muslims , you do not believe in the teachings of Islam .
How far down you wanna throw yourself in the hole of indecency is up to you .
as much as i want you to accept islam , i can't do it , for one thing Islam says out loud , that appearently always not strike the ears of its harsh ' critics ' , or haters is the declaration that there is no compusion / forcing in the matter of religion .
you choose what you want .
and the talk of killing that comes , is when the non-muslims attack muslims , and try to kill them , then the muslims have the right to defend themselves , and kill those who cause mischief .
quite a universal principle indeed .
even the modern world we are a part of failed to come up with any thing better !
( see the news on Israelis shooting ' suspect terrorists ' , or for that matter the war strategy in iraq and afghanistan , or rather an expected course of action taken by the law enforcement agencies , while say encountering a gang intent at harming them !
see when you get out of the santa clause ride realities of life come into play , and then what you degrade as barbarian becomes realistic , i know i know its hard to take , but this is the trith .
and yet if you have stomach to talk about the barbarianism of islam look at one of many websites speaking for the human rights if the many muslims detained in guatanamo , and read what the loving , peacful , ready - to - turn - the - other - cheek - when - one - is - slapped christians are doing .
these words for those who comprehend nothing but talk of this manner , but those out there who think , actually THINK about things , who is a christian hurting by insulting islam , who is a muslim hurting by insulting christianity , and who is jew hurting by insulting either islam or christianity ... the people who are following a faith .
who is growing stronger .
those who do n't want people to follow a faith , any faith !
take this from me , today the word is against islam , yesterday ( in hitler 's germany ) it was against jews , and some may argue long ago in the 1st century AD or so it was against Christianity .
we are jews , christian , and muslims , because we all are not just one of them , so yes we will think different .
heck we think different , and hold different believes even among the individual faith .
here are some fools thinking every one will be thinking the same , sure that will happen after Jesus ( pbuh ) comes back , till then .... no agreements , only the differences seem to be arising .
if we can only keep it decent and peaceful , may be we will succeed against our enemy !
those who know religion know the enemy , those who know him not , follow the trend of religion not the religion itself !
Name : To snm
Date : Wednesday December 03 , 2008
Time : 03:14:07 - 0500
Comment
Allah is not the same God of Abraham .
Islam had successfully propagated this lie and all Muslims blindly believed it .
Allah was the pagan moon deity of pre-Islamic Mecca .
The black stone Kaaba was one of the three stones , the other the red stone and the white stone , revered by pre-islamic pagans of Mecca .
The Koran deliberately copied the Biblical stories and terribly distorted it for its own agenda .
It provided a perfect cover so that Islam will appear divine and authentic .
Nowhere in your Koran is the affirmation of the Ten Commandments as recorded in the Old Testament of the Bible .
Nowhere in your Koran is the command to love your neighbor , to love your enemies as preached by Jesus .
Name : To snm
Date : Wednesday December 03 , 2008
Time : 03:25:27 - 0500
Comment
What had the innocents done in Mumbai to be brutally and senselessly murdered by those rampaging Islamist cowards who had trained hard in close combat for six months for this single grossly evil deed ?
The answer to these mind boggling question can be found in the pages of your Koran .
You Muslims you better do your own soul searching .
Name : Re : To snm
Date : Wednesday December 03 , 2008
Time : 16:09:15 - 0500
Comment
You are absolutely correct about the Koran lacking any admonition to love your enemies .
Of course , Muslims will say " Hey , what about wars among self - professed Christians ? " , but they are missing the point .
People , in fact WHOLE NATIONS claiming to be " Christian " , have ignored Jesus ' counsel to love one 's enemies .
But it is there in the Bible for all to see .
The Koran however , has no such teaching .
The Koran is a historical record of Muhammad as an absolute example to follow for hating your enemies and using that hatred to kill anyone who disagrees .
Name :
Hell no !
Date : Friday December 05 , 2008
Time : 07:12:30 - 0500
Comment
Mohamad Atta ( relly coll name for a computer nerd )
Muslims allways braghing screaming over Islam is the fastest growing religion .
Now to facts Islam is noth the fastes growing religion , Islam has high birte rats and are spread to new countries .
The fastest growing religion is christianity .
There is today sone arround 350 milion christians in africa that in 1900 besides local religions was totaly dominated by Islam .
The fact is that even arbian ann islamic tv chanels on prime time has debate the problem whit the fact arround 6 miljons muslims a year converts to christianity in africa .
Ahmad al katani : " Islam has been in a country like America in 125 years , and do you know how many muslims there is now ?
7 miljons and yet we lose 6 miljon to chritianity every year .
In china there is today arround 50 - 60 miljons chritians and it grove so fast that china sone will be the largest christian country on earth if the trend not ends .
And then the talk abbout muslims groving in europe , yes it is couse of large imigration and high birth rates , and some women whitout know how that convers when marrige an muslim man .
The numbers that converts of other reasons are smal and can easy been explained by the fact that islam is the trendy shit now , its the same people that in 70 - 80 - 90 turned to chritans sects ore hare chrisna ore what ever .
Dont forget the fact that many muslims converts to christianity ore becomse ateist after arived in Europe .
The muslim is groving so fast argument is simply an argument to scare people of tho dont argue whit islam couse they are so powerful and big and soon your negibour will converte so you beter do to , so the muslims overlords maybye at least treat you whit some respect .
1,5 biljon Muslims against 5 biljons of rest of the world yhes MA good luck whit that war of conquest .
It will takes a few yers and som blody terror attacks before that the daydream mainstream politics of Europe wake up and has been replaced whit the Winston C of our generation .
Islam is has now future couse the religon leads to slavery and missery and isnt directly atract the big brains of the world .
Name : U. Space
Date : Saturday December 06 , 2008
Time : 16:34:00 - 0500
Comment
. Congratulations for seeing the truth , God bless you .
Millions and millions are quiting Islam every year ; in Africa 16,000 leave Islam everyday : ...
http://faithfreedom.org/oped/sina31103.htm
... For Muslims reading this , be brave !
You too can leave Islam .
Be a brave apostate ! ...
http://www.apostatesofislam.com/
... absurd thought - God of the Universe wants Islam for everyone ... submit to glorious life ... slavery and servitude ....
http://lulu.com/USpace .
Name : OUT OF THE FRYING PAN INTO THE FIRE
Date : Saturday December 06 , 2008
Time : 17:07:46 - 0500
Comment
While you are to be applauded for seeing Catholicism for its falsehoods , and Islam for even moreso for its hypocritical stupidity , you have merely substituted one form of idiocy for another .
Just read the Bible , and no other book , in your search for truth .
Name : LEBANON
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 13:53:46 - 0500
Comment
u have made an amazing study on islam for people who convert to islam without even reading the quran deep .
i just feel sorry for europeans and all christians or non christians who convert to islam blindly , a day will come when europe will be dominated by muslims and soon they will apply the islamic laws and freedom of speach will vanish until u reach a point ( if ur not a muslim u must shut up and listen to what muslims believe or think ) .
as a christian lebanese living in the middle east i hold strongly on my christian roots , we faced muslims since the islamic invasion during mohamads holy wars on nonmuslims and we still carry the cross of jesus and feeling his pain .
u have used a good weapon my friend which is knoledge so i hope and wish for every person who wants to convert to islam , is to at least read deeply and to make sure that the translation is correct .
the church is playing a policy of ignoring the islamic invasion on christiany may be they r affraid from the clash of civilizations , but do u europeans think its fair for muslims in europe to preach and build mosqes while christians in the east cant even mention jesus name !
muslims r taking advantage of european freedom to distroy the freedom it self .
although christians cant preach in the east ( muslim world ) , but a new tv channel called alhayat ( christian channel explaining quran versus and alahadeeth is making a great job in converting muslims coz simply muslims dont know whats in their own book , they only learn from their families some islamic ideas and habits ( the location of this channel is unkown coz of islamic threats ) .
wake up westerns u got a great civilization its worth saving it , i dont ask you to hate muslims i only ask you to read their religion to know whats their ideology and god bless all .
Name : Muslim For Life ( Inshalllah )
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 17:26:25 -0500
Comment
this website is a load of rubbish .
it has taken verses of the Qur'an completely out of context .
Islam is a natural religion to mankind .
you 'll find that out on when your in your grave when it will be too late to repent .
so many things are predicted in the Qur'an that was revealed 1429 years ago and scientists have only discovered it now .
Name : Re : Muslim For Life ( Inshalllah )
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 19:50:13 - 0500
Comment
Islam and science are totally at odds .
Or are you going to tell us that humankind really was created from " a clot " ?
A clot of what ?
Blood ?
What does " clot " mean ?
The Bible is much closer to the truth when it said that man was created out of the dust of the ground .
All the elements in the human body are also found in plain old dirt .
The Bible said that long before the Koran came up with the " clot " explanation .
Trans -Can Sports
How to make a 1200 % return each year !
READER COMMENTS ON
" Another Lost Obama Vote on an ES&S Touch - Screen "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 10/26/2008 @ 4:23 am PT ...
Video is critical .
If you do n't have a video , or at least a picture , it 's only an allegation .
Document the holy heck out of every voting problem encountered .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Cheryl said on 10/26/2008 @ 6:46 am PT ...
Hand out pencils to people before they vote .
Touch screens work better with the eraser end of a pencil , than with fingers .
This does n't solve the problem , but it may help those who are forced to use touch screens .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Intelvet said on 10/26/2008 @ 6:47 am PT ...
Is video allowed in polling places ?
Would one be able to video ones own selections ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... d said on 10/26/2008 @ 8:11 am PT ...
Equally important to capturing vote switching on individual DREs is for citizens to video where the votes are centrally tabulated Even if you are right up next to the tabulator , public observation of our vote count is impossible - and that is a violation of state election laws .
This is where millions of votes can be switched with a simple click of the mouse .
Go to your County Registrar of Voters headquarters on election night after the polls close and be sure to video this nontransparent leg of the " election process . "
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 8:37 am PT ...
My kid has one of the Sony Walkman I phones , it takes 60 + minutes of 15 fps video w/ sound ... easy to conceal and upload to the internet .
you can put it in your top pocket slid open and shoot without having to hold onto it .
Should have one of those
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/26/2008 @ 10:13 am PT ...
I am afraid that Obama and the DNC are n't serious about winning .
I truly hope that I am wrong .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/26/2008 @ 11:02 am PT ...
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... John Shirley said on 10/26/2008 @ 11:10 am PT ...
I registered to comment at the DNC blog , and tried to ask - - did ask , till they took it down -- why nothing was being done about vote flipping machines and other voting rights issues by Obama campaign and DNC .
I was polite , I did not use obscenities , I did not break any rules for commenting .
But shortly after the comments were put up -- with examples cited from Bradblog -- they were taken down as were * other people 's comments * on the same issue .
Why wo n't they let us talk about this there ?
Is it because they 're afraid of discouraging people from trying to vote ?
Or what ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:04 pm PT ...
@ 99 McSame is clearly delusional and suffers from Maverick Personality Disorder .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
I smell a rat , ( 99s link ) Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) said
Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” that he can “ guarantee ” a win on Nov. 4 in a squeaker victory that wo n’t be clear until late that night .
( hard time getting on those state servers until everyone goes home , eh John ? ) and Pollster John Zogby said : " Things are trending back for McCain .
( I'm in the tank for McCain , do n't tell anyone , says Zog )
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
SillyGit Yes , but Karl Rove wants him to win ....
Flo Yer smelling the same rat I am ....
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:29 pm PT ...
Hey , anybody see this yet ?
http://www.electiondefensealliance.org/evp
I think its the best response when they try it this time , but the early voting is already shaved or flipped .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
And there 's also this :
http://www.electiondefensealliance.org/
I think people need to start thinking about more than just voting on election day .
I know I 'm preaching to the choir here , but shit , I 'm going to start recruiting people being that I 'll be busy that day .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:56 pm PT ...
This is why it 's a sham : ( found this at buzzflash )
Today in Albuquerque : Obama Draws 45,000 , plus ; McCain , less than 1000 .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/26/2008 @ 1:05 pm PT ...
A right wing radio talk show host ( and former gop consultant ... that hides behind " libertarian " when it 's convenient ) in fear of an Obama win ... said " we must now start a movement , we will figure out what to call it later " In essence he what 's to get started undermining an possibly Obama administration ... Hmmm ... another . . . movement .
I would like to see a movement that puts truth on track with reality .
~
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/26/2008 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
John McCain holds Colorado rallies McCain spokesman Tom Kise said about 4,000 people were at the Denver event .
40 times more than McCain at the Albuquerque Obama event .
25 times more at the Denver event
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
And I still keep seeing 5 to 1 for O in early voting ?
Who is Shull bitting who here ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Sharon Jenson said on 10/26/2008 @ 2:11 pm PT ...
The Democracy of America Is On It 's Way Home !
by Sharon Jenson 98 % of reason is unconscious .
The Democratic Party has always been honest enough to believe that if you present the facts , the American public will reasonably , logically see the sense in their ideals .
The Republican party does not waste time presenting honest fact to the American public .
They instead use simplified sound bytes and verbiage that appeal to and can be easily recognized by simple and sometimes vacant conscience minds .
Therefore , the American public must work harder to concentrate on logic and ignore their natural tendency to be somewhat lazy .
They must remember reason and logic are unconscious .
Corporations have researched this theory for years with the help from psychological professors who have studied the brain and clever advertising .
Corporations have invested in various levels of expertise and adjusted their marketing strategies accordingly .
... [ Ed Note : Paragraphs deleted .
Please read our rules for commenting . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/26/2008 @ 2:28 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~ so when can we start calling the Anne Pressley murder a m$m media cover up for the fact they OMITTED she was in the movie " w " .
. .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... anonomous said on 10/26/2008 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
Think it is time to throw all those voting machines in the parking lot , and run them over with the roller ... smash them all , because they are # 1 )
Unreliable !!
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
Here we see , in Georgia , the goal set for blacks voting is 30 % if whites make up 30 % .
In early voting it is already at 36 % ...
Daily Highlights : * 50,000 voted yesterday ( Thursday )
* 40,000 in person , 10,000 mail in
* 210,000 more have already voted early than all of 2004
* African American % - 36 %
* Non white % - 36.9 % Link
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... serious voter said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Obama will fight for the blacks and muslims but McCain and Palin will fight for all Americans .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... serious voter said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
Obama does not have enough experience to lead in the difficult time that we are facing .
We need McCain for foreign affairs and Palin for economy .
Palin is smart and McCain is experienced , they are a good combination !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
Hokay , enough .
Brad , 99 , Most - Highest Des ... would a moratorium on outright campaign ads in the comments be appropriate until after the election ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 4:22 pm PT ...
If yer late to the conversation , the point we 're trying to make is that There is no horserace !
It 's a bunch of crap put up by the CMSM Venezuelan IRI style
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/26/2008 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
serious voter ~ are you experienced . . .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Thx Ed , good link
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/26/2008 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
Well , uhm , where are those early voting #'s posted Flo ?
I would love to see the #'s so far ... posted !
Until then , I 'm skeptical .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Mona Wilhite said on 10/26/2008 @ 7:14 pm PT ...
People better be careful what thkey vote for because I do n't think that they will be happy with Obama , McCain might not be the greatest but he is better than Obama any dayk of the week .
Mona Wilhite
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/26/2008 @ 7:54 pm PT ...
Did somebody just fart .
Proprietary source code is like making the Constitution and the laws of the land secrets ...
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/26/2008 @ 10:20 pm PT ...
Hey Zappakitty , symphonies later we 're still compromised by what ?
Again ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/26/2008 @ 11:51 pm PT ...
Ancient ,
That 's another problem , they do n't run the early total votes as they 're happening for some reason , maybe so people do n't stay home figuring it's in the bag for candidate so and so .
I see miscellaneous reports of people / reporters walking down the lines polling voters , but that 's about it .
The proof is in what you see around all of that .
As far as rally turn out goes , I believe that voter enthusiasm does turn into real votes percentage wise .
And you do n't think the one percenters would treat us like this ?... nah , could n't happen here
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/27/2008 @ 12:30 am PT ...
If it was n't for right wing media manipulation of the normal thought processes that tells you that it 's bad to help the poor and downtrodden and it's all about me , there would n't be a soul following any Republicanaanite ( aka nimrod ) candidate around
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/27/2008 @ 2:05 pm PT ...
I was referring to the comments that say " vote so - and - so ! " ... and nothing else ... sometimes at considerable length ...
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Sandra said on 10/27/2008 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
I cannot believe people are saying that McCain and Palin are the better choice .
WAKE UP PEOPLE !!!!
Senator McCain is 72 yrs old with a history of cancer and it is scary to think if something happens to him that Palin will be running America .
We need change for all of America no matter what race , and that is what Obama / Biden will do !!
Obama / Biden 2008 !!
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/27/2008 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
We reported earlier about Sarah Palin 's pro-censorship position regarding books in her local library of Wasilla Alaska , while she was mayor .
ABC reported that Palin wanted specific books banned but those reports have likely been unsubstantiated , fact remains she did inquire about the process of removing books , three times !
Now according to the New York Times some colleagues of Mrs. Palin have said she wanted to remove a children 's book called " Daddy 's Roommate " for gay families that helps kids understand different family structures .
" But in 1995 , Ms. Palin , then a city councilwoman , told colleagues that she had noticed the book “ Daddy ’s Roommate ” on the shelves and that it did not belong there , according to Ms. Chase and Mr. Stein .
Ms. Chase read the book , which helps children understand homosexuality , and said it was inoffensive ; she suggested that Ms. Palin read it .
“ Sarah said she did n’t need to read that stuff , ” Ms. Chase said .
“ It was disturbing that someone would be willing to remove a book from the library and she did n’t even read it . ”
“ I ’m still proud of Sarah , ” she added , “ but she scares the bejeebers out of me . ”
Sarah Palin is a grave threat to our civil liberties as Americans and in particular a danger to the LGBT community .
There is no doubt in my mind that QU made the right decision in endorsing the Obama / Biden ticket
Vielleicht hast du vergessen , deine Domain zu verlängern .
Oder du änderst die E - Mail - Adresse in deinem GoDaddy - Konto .
Dies reicht bereits , dass jemand an deiner Stelle deinen Domain ohne deine Genehmigung überträgt .
Sichere deine wichtigsten Domain mit unserem Unternehmensschutz , der bis zu 12 Monate Schutz bietet .
Unternehmensschutz :
We speak to mathematician Marcus du Sautoy , who is replacing Dawkins as chair for the public understanding of science at the University of Oxford
" It captures precisely the things that I love doing , " Marcus du Sautoy tells Alok Jha and James Randerson as he prepares to take up the post of Simonyi chair for the public understanding of science at the University of Oxford in December .
" One is high - level science ... and the other is communicating it .
It gives me the brief to do the two things that I love doing . "
Accordingly , du Sautoy will continue to pursue his passion for prime numbers , number theory and group theory as professor of mathematics at Oxford .
Earlier in October he came into the studio to talk about The Story of Maths , a series of films he has made for BBC4 where he travels the globe looking for the roots of his subject .
As the new chair for the public understanding of science he will be stepping into the boots of Richard Dawkins , but he insists he wo n't be pursuing his predecessor 's anti-religious agenda .
" I 'm bracing myself for people asking me whether I believe in god .
I 'm an atheist , but for me the important thing is the wonder of science .
There are so many exciting things to talk about .
My focus is going to be very much on the science and less on religion . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A new court filing by the lawyers for Lakhdar Boumediene and five other Guantanamo detainees suggests that the Bush administration ordered the Bosnian government to arrest and hold the men after an exhaustive Bosnian investigation had found them innocent of any terrorism related activity and had ordered their release , in order to use them as props in Bush ’s January 2002 State of the Union speech .
The filing –“ Lakhdar Boumediene , et al. , Petitioners , v. George W. Bush , President of the United States , et al. , Respondents , Petitioners ’ Public Traverse to the Government ’s Return to the Petition for Habeas Corpus ” –lays out the case that the Bush administration threatened at the highest levels to withdraw diplomatic and military aid to the Balkan nation if Bosnia released the men , which its own three - month investigation had found innocent of any terrorism charges in the days leading up to Bush ’s January 2002 State of the Union .
Faced with the threats of the withdrawal of aid and that if it released the men , the White House would order NATO troops to detain them , Bosnia transferred the men under duress to the custody of the US government in January 2002 , and the US transferred them to Guantanamo .
Ten days later , in his 2002 State of the Union address , Bush used sixteen words to warn Americans that , in “ cooperation ” with the Bosnian government , it had captured terrorists who had planned to bomb the US embassy in Sarajevo : “ Our soldiers , working with the Bosnian government , seized terrorists who were plotting to bomb our embassy , ” Bush told the nation .
But , six years later , the detainees ’ new petition says , after the US Supreme Court has sided with the detainees and ordered the US to give the detainees habeas corpus rights , the Bush administration has failed to repeat the embassy plot charges that Bush used in his State of the Union address , or to produce credible evidence of why the men should be held as enemy combatants .
( Bush also used 16 words to falsely claim in his 2003 State of the Union address that Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein had sought yellowcake uranium from the African nation of Niger — a claim the White House had been previously repeatedly warned by the CIA was unfounded and which the White House later admitted Bush should not have said , months after the US invasion of Iraq ) .
The 58 - page traverse petition was filed today in the US District Court for the District of Columbia ( .pdf ) .
Some key excerpts from its preliminary statement below the fold :
… Now that the Government at last faces a merits hearing before an Article III Court , the thinness of its basis for detaining Petitioners is plain . …
The Government nowhere acknowledges — and indeed , has done its utmost to avoid — the thorough investigation performed on the ground by Bosnian authorities in 2001 . …
By mid-January 2002 , both the prosecutor and the investigating judge had concluded that no basis had been established to hold Petitioners even for further investigation . …
Now that the Court has finally ordered the Government to provide reasons for its
continued military detention of Petitioners , its assertions in 2008 bear very little relation to its reasons for Petitioners ’ initial extrajudicial rendition from Bosnia in 2002 .
The United States ’ original claim was that Petitioners were supposedly plotting a terrorist attack on the U.S. Embassy in Sarajevo .
Indeed , in the 2002 State of the Union Address , delivered fewer than ten days after Petitioners were flown by plane to Guantanamo , President Bush stated : “ Our soldiers , working with the Bosnian government , seized terrorists who were plotting to bomb our
embassy . ”
Notably omitted from the President ’s account was the fact that the three - month investigation carried out by Bosnian authorities failed to unearth any evidence to warrant further investigation , let alone sufficient evidence to charge Petitioners with any terrorism - related crime . …
The Government ’s unclassified Return makes no mention of the claim that Petitioners “ were plotting to bomb our embassy . ”
“ But rather than acknowledge its errors , ” the filing says , “ the Government has compounded them through vague allegations . ”
The petition indicates it was filed to the court accompanied by more than 150 exhibits in support of its claims , including sealed statements from former US official Philip Zelikow , former CIA officer Paul Pillar and Harvard University Bosnia expert Andras Riedlmayer .
They often wore only army - regulation shorts and T - shirts to protect them from atomic explosions , and were stationed dangerously close to mushroom clouds or hosed - down contaminated equipment wearing just swimming trunks .
The soldiers and civilians who worked on France 's notorious nuclear tests in the Sahara desert and south Pacific have long fought for compensation for the cancer and long - term health effects they blame on the state 's failure to protect them .
But for years
France resisted , fighting veterans in the courts and building a wall of silence around the dangers of the controlled explosions .
Yesterday the French defence minister finally broke the taboo , saying a law would be introduced in January to compensate those suffering illnesses among the 150,000 army and civilians who worked on the tests in Algeria and French - owned Polynesian atolls .
Hervé Morin said France would draw up a list of health problems that could be linked to radiation exposure over the course of 210 tests from 1960 to 1996 .
He admitted that France lagged behind countries such as the US in failing to acknowledge long - term health effects , saying : " Today , we must recognise these victims . "
" We were guinea pigs who have had no proper medical support , " said Michel Verger , president of the veterans ' pressure group , Aven .
The group , which has about 3,000 members , surveyed more than 1,000 veterans and found 35 % had one or two cancers and one in five were infertile .
Verger said veterans suffered a range of illnesses , including cancers of the blood and cardiovascular problems , and their children and grandchildren were also suffering health complications .
Drafted for the war in Algeria when he was 20 , Verger took part in the first French nuclear test in the Sahara desert in 1960 - the controlled explosion of an atomic bomb more powerful than that dropped on Hiroshima .
" I was wearing shorts .
We were made to lie face down on the ground , eyes closed and arms folded and not watch the flash , but immediately afterwards we had to get up with an apparatus round our necks and measure and photograph the impact .
I had no sunglasses .
There was one pair between 40 . "
He added : " For a long time there was a wall of silence from the state because France was a nuclear power in military and energy terms .
Leaders on the right and left perhaps thought that if they recognised that people present at the tests were ill it could prejudice the country 's civil nuclear energy . "
He warned that France should not limit the range of illnesses eligible for compensation .
Other veterans have described how they were ordered to manoeuvre tanks close to explosions or to drive to " point zero " after a bomb went off .
During the tests at Mururoa in French Polynesia in the late 1960s , one veteran described how he was stationed in shorts and T - shirts on a boat only about 15 miles from the explosion before sailing immediately to the area of the vast mushroom cloud to examine the damage .
Jacques Chirac caused controversy when he resumed tests around atolls in French Polynesia in the south Pacific shortly after being elected president in 1995 .
In 2006 a French medical research body found nuclear testing had caused an increase in cancer on the nearest inhabited islands .
In recent years several court cases have been brought by nuclear test veterans suffering health problems who complained the state had denied them disability pensions .
The government said yesterday it would no longer appeal when courts ruled against the state in these cases .
But the defence ministry warned that the compensation law would be strict and could rule out illnesses whose causes were linked to other risks such as smoking and alcohol .
“ What we ’ve really seen is an increase in the salt load in children ’s diet , ” said Dr. Bruce L. Slaughenhoupt , co-director of pediatric urology and of the pediatric kidney stone clinic at the University of Wisconsin .
He and other experts mentioned not just salty chips and French fries , but also processed foods like sandwich meats ; canned soups ; packaged meals ; and even sports drinks like Gatorade , which are so popular among schoolchildren they are now sold in child - friendly juice boxes .
Children also tend not to drink enough water .
“ They do n’t want to go to the bathroom at school ; they do n’t have time , so they drink less , ” said Dr. Alicia Neu , medical director of pediatric nephrology and the pediatric stone clinic at Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center in Baltimore .
Instead , they are likely to drink only once they ’re thirsty  but that may be too little , too late , especially for children who play sports or are just active .
“ Drinking more water is the most important step in the prevention of kidney stones , ” Dr. Neu said .
The incidence of kidney stones in adults has also been rising , especially in women , and experts say they see more adults in their 20s and 30s with stones ; in the past , it was more common in adults in their 40s and 50s .
“ It ’s no longer a middle - aged disease , ” Dr. Nelson said .
“ Most of us suspect what we ’re seeing in children is the spillover of the overall increase in the whole population . ”
The median age of children with stones is about 10 .
Many experts say the rise in obesity is contributing to kidney stones in children as well as adults .
But not all stone centers are seeing overweight children , and having a healthy weight does not preclude kidney stones .
“ Of the school - age and adolescent kids we ’ve seen , most of them appear to be reasonably fit , active kids , ” Dr. Nelson said .
“ We ’re not seeing a parade of overweight Nintendo players . ”
Dr. Slaughenhoupt has seen more overweight children at his clinic .
“ We have n’t compared our data yet , ” he said , “ but my sense is that children with stones are bigger , and some of them are morbidly obese . ”
Dr. Pope , in Nashville , agreed .
His hospital lies in the so - called stone belt , a swath of Southern states with a higher incidence of kidney stones , and he said doctors there saw two to three new pediatric cases a week .
By Alan Johnston
BBC News
Sister Alphonsa has long been revered in India
A Catholic nun , Sister Alphonsa , has become India 's first female Christian saint , at an event presided over by Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican .
The canonisation was greeted with delight by Christians in the southern Indian state of Kerala , where Sister Alphonsa lived until her death in 1946 .
It is being described as a boost to the spirits of India 's Christians .
A number of people have been reported killed recently in Hindu attacks on Christian communities in India .
Sister Alphonsa said that she was completely devoted to Christ by the age of seven .
According to a Vatican biography , when she was only 13 she deliberately thrust her foot into a pile of burning embers .
Her aim was to make herself less attractive , and therefore less likely to be forced into marriage .
She wanted instead to be free to dedicate her life exclusively to God , and eventually she entered a convent .
Sister Alphonsa endured successive bouts of illness and died in her mid-30s .
The Pope offered support to India 's Christian minority
In the Vatican 's view , Jesus led her to perfection through a life of suffering .
And it credited her with miraculously curing illnesses after her death .
As the Pope declared Sister Alphonsa to be a saint , church bells rang out and firecrackers were set off in celebration in her normally sleepy home town .
Thousands of worshippers had crowded around the small church there to watch the ceremony , which was broadcast live from Rome .
They heard the Pope say that his prayers were with India 's tiny Christian minority at the moment .
In the United States , some consumer groups called for stricter regulation as well .
“ It is now clear that China has exported dairy products like powdered milk and milk protein products around the globe and we know that some of them came to the United States , ” said Wenonah Hauter , executive director of Food and Water Watch .
“ It is time for the F.D.A. to take this issue seriously and stop the import of dairy products from China until this situation is under control . ”
The United States has imported two million pounds of a milk protein called casein this year , along with other powdered milk proteins that are used as ingredients in many processed foods , according to figures from the United States Department of Agriculture .
This includes 293,000 pounds that were imported in July .
The Food and Drug Administration did not immediately return calls for comment on Thursday .
Melamine is a chemical used in plastic manufacturing that can be added to foods to artificially increase their protein content in testing .
Its presence was detected in pet foods originating from China last year .
Even if present in foods in Europe , milk powder contaminated with melamine is not likely to cause the kind of public health disaster that is occurring among Chinese infants .
In China , babies drank contaminated milk powder as their sole source of nutrition for weeks if not months , and a handful have died .
Because the harm caused by melamine is related to someone ’s weight , it is far less harmful to older children and not likely to be dangerous for adults .
Also , for children and adults in Europe , melamine - contaminated milk powder is one small component of a broader diet .
The toxic effects of melamine are cumulative , creating kidney stones that can in severe cases lead to kidney failure .
Still , children who eat very large quantities of sweets could be at risk .
This week , a number of countries and companies that had previously removed Chinese dairy products from supermarket shelves have started removing snack foods containing milk powder as well .
On Thursday , members of the Philippine Association of Supermarkets removed Chinese food products with milk ingredients .
In an increasingly globalized food economy , manufacturers use raw ingredients from all over the world , often making it difficult to track the origins .
For example , Kraft Foods , the maker of Oreo cookies , recently moved one of its large cookie factories from Australia to China .
But Claire Regan , a spokeswoman for the company , said that most of the products Kraft made in China were distributed within China , although a limited number were exported .
Most do not contain milk products from China , she said , and , when they do , the levels of such ingredients are very low .
The Oreo product line does not contain milk ingredients from China , Ms. Regan said .
News in Science
Sharks use snot to hunt prey
Sharks use a gel - like substance on their heads to pick up electrical signals from the water , possibly to follow a bloody trail , according to a new study .
As the process , known as electroreception , can override the animals ' other senses , such as taste and smell , the discovery may help to explain sharks preference for bloody victims .
The researchers say the results might explain why sharks chase bleeding prey , even when other ' easy target ' prey is around and why the gushing blood obscures shark vision and smell .
" The gel contains various proteins and salts , so it 's similar to mucus , only with a [ jelly - like ] consistency .
Basically , it 's shark snot , " says lead author Dr R Douglas Fields , chief of the Nervous System Development and Plasticity Section of the US National Institutes of Health .
There are several reports of swimmers towing wounded mates to shore , with the shark still going after the injured person instead of the rescuer , says Fields .
" Bloody salts produce a strong electrical field that sharks can detect [ with the gel ] , " says Fields , whose findings are published in the journal Neuroscience Letters .
However , the findings negate an earlier study , published in the journal Nature , which says shark gel serves as a semiconductor , generating electricity in response to temperature changes .
Author Professor Brandon Brown , of University of San Francisco , agrees to issue a correction .
" Brown 's paper , which came out in 2003 , inspired my recent study , since I had my suspicions , " Fields says .
First , find your snot
For his own work , Fields and colleagues extracted the gel from skate pores .
The pores , which sharks and rays also have , are part of an organ system known as the ampullae of Lorenzini .
Skin membrane cells sense electricity , causing positively charged calcium ions to rush in .
The charge moves through the gel before reaching nerves that send the electrical signals to the fish 's brain .
As Brown did , Fields and his team inserted two silver wires into the gel and heated or cooled one end of the wire 's holder .
Sure enough , this generated electricity .
But Fields found out that the electricity was simply caused by an electrochemical reaction between the silver and the gel .
When non-silver devices were heated or cooled , the gel did not generate electricity .
" So the gel is nothing but a conductor that allows electrical signals to move from the membrane to the brain , " Fields says .
Hunting with snot
But the slimy substance plays a big role in hunting .
It allows the fish to detect very faint electrical fields , which prey emit when they swim or bleed .
" Imagine that a shark is swimming between two points of a 1.5 volt battery , with one battery end dipped into Long Island Sound and the other located in the waters off of Jacksonville , Florida , " Fields says .
" Despite the incredible distance , the shark could easily determine if the battery was switched on and off .
That 's how sensitive its electroreception is . "
Harold Zakon , a professor of neurobiology at the University of Texas , supports the new findings .
" Dr Fields had every reason to be sceptical of Brown 's results , " Zakon says .
" The generation of voltages at metal - electrolyte interfaces is a bugaboo for electrophysiologists who take great care to ensure that such voltages do not obscure or mislead . "
Now that the sharks ' electricity detection process is better understood , Fields and his colleagues hope the information may one day lead to better shark repellent devices that he says could lure sharks away from swimmers .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain ’s upper house of parliament firmly rejected a government proposal to tighten anti-terrorism laws on Monday , saying it would not support suspects being held for up to six weeks without charge .
In a vote carried by 309 to 118 , the House of Lords defeated the government ’s Counter - Terrorism Bill , which would have allowed police to hold suspects for 42 days before having to charge or release them .
The current limit is 28 days .
The rejection is a setback for Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his Labor party but had been expected following sustained criticism of the bill from senior members of the Lords , including former intelligence chief Eliza Manningham - Buller .
Opponents , including many Labor members of the Lords , saw the proposed law changes as violating Britain ’s cherished civil liberties and out of line with other Western democracies where detention limits are already far shorter .
“ This attempt to appear tough on terrorism , I believe , is a shabby charade which is unworthy of a democratic process and we should reject it , ” Geoffrey Dear , a former senior police chief , told the Lords ahead of the emphatic vote .
Britain ’s home secretary ( interior minister ) , Jacqui Smith , expressed disappointment at the Lords ’ move , saying they had the balance between civil liberties and the rule of law wrong .
“ For me there is no greater individual liberty than the liberty for individuals not to be blown up on British streets or in British skies , ” she told the lower house of parliament , the House of Commons , after the vote .
“ Some may take the security of Britain lightly .
I do n’t . ”
Despite her defiance , the government looks set to quietly let the proposed legislation drop as it concentrates on more pressing issues such as the international financial crisis .
Smith said the government could introduce an alternative bill to allow a 42 - day - limit to be enforced “ if and when the need arises , ” but did n’t say when that could happen , suggesting the government was n’t prepared to fight on it again now .
SETBACK FOR BROWN
The defeat will be a disappointment for Brown , who has repeatedly stated his determination to push through tighter terrorism laws following a series of successful and foiled militant attacks in Britain in recent years .
Former prime minister Tony Blair had tried to increase the detention limit to 90 days but suffered a crushing defeat in the House of Commons on the issue , the first time he had been defeated in the lower house .
Under Brown , the Commons narrowly passed the 42 - day bill in June after the Labor government put heavy pressure on skeptical members of its own party to give their backing .
It argued police could need the extra time to question suspects if faced with exceptionally complex investigations into a major attack or plot .
Suicide attackers killed 52 people in London in 2005 , and authorities say they have thwarted a number of serious conspiracies before and since .
Smith said Britain currently faced a threat “ at the severe end of severe . ”
But senior police officers , intelligence experts , legal authorities and human rights groups have been vocal in their disagreement with the government ’s proposals and campaigners welcomed the Lords ’ vote .
“ The upper house has demonstrated why Britain is the oldest unbroken democracy on earth , ” said Shami Chakrabarti , the director of human rights ’ group Liberty .
“ Common decency says we do n’t lock people up for six weeks without charge .
“ Common sense should tell the government that when you ’re in a hole and you ’ve lost the argument -- stop digging . ”
Oh boy look at those pointy big breasts of Katya coming out in her bedroom , I would die happily if could ever lay my hands on them for a few minutes and give them a gentle massage .
You might know this gorgeous girl as Anastasia , but whatever her name is she 's a pleasure for my hungry eyes !
For more of Katya and many other busty models enter Boob Study
by Rich Herschlag
This is Clark .
Last year , Clark bought a 12,000 square foot waterfront villa in Boca Raton and a 7,000 square foot penthouse in Dubai .
His daughter ’s sweet sixteen cost 2.3 million dollars , five hundred thousand of which went to Lindsay Lohan , who came out of the cake .
He crashed a vintage DeLorean into a parking meter on the Strip in Hollywood and left it on the side of the road rather than deal with the insurance mess .
He bought his trophy wife an 18 carat gold Elsa Peretti Tiffany diamond necklace and his girlfriend a 24 carat one .
His Yorkshire Terrier was treated for toxic shock after a particularly lengthy Botox session .
But that was then .
Today , Clark has put virtually half his fleet of Barchettas up for sale .
Plans for a new heliport at his home in Key West are on hold .
News of the recent global financial meltdown gave him a mild upset stomach until he flicked the TV from CNBC to Animal Planet .
His wave pool is set to “ standby ” during off hours .
He has stopped flossing with polar bear sinew .
He has turned down the thermostat on the north end of his walk - in closet .
Clark has been forced to economize on jet fuel by doubling up on coast - to - coast charter flights .
Due to the sudden need to horde vast sums of cash , he ’ll need a new mattress any day now .
Some of his CEO cronies cashed out with a few hundred million more than Clark did and had the gall to brag about it on the back nine at Augusta .
He dumped most of his derivatives only minutes before the Eurodollar hit 1.36 , narrowly averting a brush with non-billionaire status .
His life coach laid off his personal trainer .
Golden parachutes have become bronze parasails .
It ’s getting harder to laugh all the way to the bank when your bank has gone under .
How long can we ignore this problem ?
How long can we look away ?
How long can we stand by idly while the richest of the rich are reduced to simply the superrich ?
Many of you are probably saying , the problem is so great and I am just a retired civil servant with a decimated pension and a part time job at Target .
What can I do ?
Well , you can of course watch helplessly while your government mortgages your future and your children ’s future and their children ’s future by buying up millions of subprime predatory loans .
But that ’s not enough .
And that ’s why we here at the Heritage Foundation started Save the CEOs .
Thanks to Save the CEOs , you can sponsor Clark and dozens of asshole prima donnas just like him .
That ’s right , for just a thousand dollars a week , you can make a difference in Clark ’s life .
Your donation could mean the difference between a forty - seat and a forty - five - seat screening room .
Between store - bought cheese and fresh goat cheese for his Lhasa Apso .
Between a 24 - inch and a 36 - inch flat screen TV for his valet ’s bathroom .
You ’ll sleep better — whether in your own bed or in a cardboard box — knowing you ’ve done your share to preserve the status quo in the United States of America .
All funds will be automatically debited from your checking account on the first of the month .
And all donations are tax deductible — for Clark , not you .
However , if you earn more than $ 250,000 a year , do n’t worry — John McCain will make you whole .
We encourage you to write to Clark each month and tell him how much your sponsorship means to you and how it has given you a brand new outlook on life .
In return , Clark will not write back .
But if he did , his message would go something like this :
“ Hello .
I am , at the moment , being fellated by twin Brazilian runway models .
This morning , a Geisha girl walked on my back while I TM ’ed my broker to short my boarding school roommate .
Later today I ’ll be taking a spa with some of my friends at AIG and hatching a new plan to start a high yield tax sheltered hedge fund with federal bailout money .
Then it ’s over to the United Arab Emirates embassy for drinks and a nifty scheme to change citizenship status and avoid a windfall profits tax .
“ To the degree that such an unlikely and preposterous thing is possible , I really do appreciate your pathetic little gesture of dipping into your boy ’s college fund once a week to make sure the sushi platters at my Abu Dhabi duplex never get too light and my collection of vintage 1960 Folignan Cognac never runs dry .
When times are tough , we must all sacrifice except for me .
I do n’t do sacrifice .
“ But I understand you do , and that you ’re very good at it .
I understand that during the last recession , you moonlighted at Wendy ’s to pay the COBRA on your wife ’s health plan .
That ’s exactly what I would have done if I were a loser too .
But since I am not and you are , I believe it ’s best that we play to our strengths .
Cheerio , old chum .
And one more thing .
If you happen to see me from a distance on the tarmac at Monte Carlo Airport , stay away .
And please do n’t wave . ”
_____
Rich Herschlag is the author of a new book , Before the Glory : 20 Baseball Heroes Talk About Growing Up and Turning Hard Times Into Home Runs ( HCI , 2007 ) .
His other books include Lay Low and Do n’t Make the Big Mistake ( Simon & Schuster , 1997 ) and Women Are From Manhattan , Men Are From Brooklyn ( Black Maverick , 2002 ) .
This report may come as a surprise to you .
It is often thrown around that we as a nation are heavily in debt .
We hear the words billions and now even trillions being thrown around with really no breakdown of where the debt is flowing to .
In this article , we are going to breakdown every single major area of debt in our country .
You will soon realize why the credit crisis has the potential to be much bigger than once thought .
There are 8 major areas where Americans are heavily in debt .
When most Americans think of the total debt outstanding they usually think of the U.S. National Debt which has gone over $ 10 trillion recently and is increasing at an alarming rate of $ 3.4 billion a day .
Yet there are more troubling areas that even dwarf this astounding number .
Overall there is $ 49 trillion in total outstanding debt in the United States .
I have constructed a graph highlighting the 8 major areas from the latest Federal Reserve Flow of Funds Account which was released late last month :
* Click for larger picture
Debt Area # 1 – Foreign
Amount : $ 2.01 Trillion
This is one of the smaller areas ( if you can call $ 2.01 trillion small ) .
Foreign debt as represented in the Federal Reserve report is amounts borrowed by foreign financial and non-financial entities in U.S. markets only .
Given the global nature of this credit crisis you will understand why it was so vital for a global concentrated effort to provide funds across the world .
That is why many counties in the Euro - zone have recapitalized their ailing financial industries during this credit crisis .
Just as there are foreign firms in the U.S. that borrow heavily within our markets , we have our own companies in foreign locations that borrow heavily as well .
We are all coupled together in this mess .
Debt Area # 2 – Domestic Financial Service
Amount : $ 16.02 Trillion
This is buy far the largest sector of debt in our country .
So when you hear about the massive injections to Wall Street , you can see that it also goes to the most heavily indebted area .
Main Street Americans get a lot of flack from Wall Street types trying to usher the blame onto people who did n’t live within their means .
Clearly , we rarely hear about this number in the mainstream media probably because most of these people also own a part of the media stations .
You would n’t bite the hand that feeds you right ?
Easier to blame consumer debt for all this mess .
This is also a major reason why the Fed has also stepped in to inject major capital into 9 of the largest U.S. banks in effect nationalizing a part of the institution .
Do you see the Fed injecting money into your bank account ?
Probably not .
Debt Area # 3 – Federal Government
Amount : $ 5.12 Trillion
What is often quoted in the media is the $ 10 + trillion in national debt .
This is probably the most cited number of the entire $ 50 trillion outstanding .
However , the reality is that approximately $ 4 trillion of this amount is actually future commitments to programs such as Social Security and Medicare while over $ 5 trillion is held by the public .
The best chart I have seen on this is incredibly by Ross Perort :
* Source : Perot Charts
Whatever you may think of his politics at least he does a good job explaining the massive debt floating out there .
Keep in mind the above chart does not have the recent bailout bill which already has increased the debt ceiling to $ 11.3 trillion .
Not a good sign .
Debt Area # 4 – State and Local Governments
Amount : $ 2.19 Trillion
States like their big daddy in the Federal government also have no modulation on spending control .
They also spend with no censorship .
One perfect example of this is California .
The state stalled out and had its longest budget stalemates .
Finally , the budget was signed with a patchwork of piecemeal agreements .
It was kick the can down the street plan .
This plan did n’t even last a few weeks and the state had to go out and issue $ 5 billion in bonds simply to stay liquid .
Welcome to the perpetual motion of debt on top of debt .
Would you expect anything different from states when the Federal government is setting a culture of crony capitalism ?
That is , bail out the major financial sectors while letting the average American family fall further and further behind .
Debt Area # 5 – Business : Other
Amount : $ 3.76 Trillion
The new model of business is high leverage .
Even during the credit crisis , we were hearing stories about certain small businesses who were unable to pay their bills or meet payroll because of the freeze up in the credit markets .
These people are also leveraged to the hilt .
Everyone is nuts with debt !
Debt Area # 6 – Business : Corporate
Amount : $ 6.8 Trillion
Corporate folks are notorious for going into debt .
All you need to do is pull up a few random companies from the Dow Jones Industrial Average and we can quickly see how much debt is on their books :
Caterpillar Inc : $ 50.9 billion in total liabilities
General Electric : $ 717 billion in total liabilities
Johnson and Johnson : $ 41 billion in total liabilities
Now this is n’t to say they are in trouble .
For example , a solid company should have a strong total equity base .
For example , Johnson and Johnson has total assets of $ 88 billion so they have a total equity value of $ 46 billion .
total assets – total liabilities = total equity
But again , this is to highlight how dependent our society is with credit .
The credit markets freezing up impact every single area of what we now know of as our hybrid market system .
I hesitate to call it a free market since we are seeing a mix of corporate socialism here .
Hardened free market fundamentalist have a hard time saying socialism especially when they are the ones calling for it .
But that is what it is .
Look at what was done with the domestic automakers .
This was the same thing that was done for the big financial institutions .
Debt Area # 7 – Consumer Credit
Amount : $ 2.55
You would think that this area would be bigger but it looks small in relation to the other areas .
Yet this area has the biggest perceptible bang for the buck .
In this area we have auto loans and credit cart debt .
You will also find student loan debt here .
The growth in this area is really astonishing .
We went from $ 1.5 trillion in 1999 to $ 2.55 trillion currently .
Why this is astonishing is that Americans have seen stagnant wages over this time .
What this means is the American consumer used debt to keep their quality of life up .
A façade that could n’t last forever .
Many reports state that consumption is roughly 70 percent of our GDP :
GDP = consumption + gross investment + government spending + ( exports – imports )
With a GDP of $ 14 trillion this would be a very large amount of money .
Now given that folks also purchase things in “ cash ” for example groceries , gas , or maybe tickets to a ball game , not everything bought is put on the plastic .
Many folks are simply taking out I.O.U.s for instant gratification .
This is now coming to a stunning and spectacular halt .
The consumption side of the equation is now faltering badly .
A widely watched report showed that retail sales fell 1.2 % last month causing the market to slump drastically the day the report was issued .
This area in fact may be the next major shoe to drop .
Many Americans are now using one credit card to pay another one off doing a financial juggling act only destined to have all balls drop sometime in the near future .
With a deteriorating employment situation where is the money going to come from ?
Debt Area # 8 – Mortgage Debt
Amount : $ 10.54 Trillion
This may be the most troubling of all the above sectors because it hits many Americans squarely in their largest financial investment .
Seeing your equity disappear while your debt remains the same is not pleasant .
The Case - Shiller Index which is now widely used to view price changes is off by 19 % from its peak price .
Given that at the peak it was estimated that U.S. residential wealth was at $ 24 trillion , we now have seen $ 4.5 trillion in housing equity disappear :
$ 24 trillion x 19 percent = $ 4.56 trillion in equity gone from peak
What this does is it also hurts the financial ratio of equity to debt with a homeowner :
Peak : $ 10 trillion debt / $ 24 trillion real estate value = 59 % equity in homes
Current : $ 10.54 trillion debt / $ 19.44 trillion real estate value = 46 % equity in homes
So what happens , is the amount of equity Americans have in their homes is now falling as values fall .
But what hurts the equation even more is debt remains the same .
This is also one of the reasons foreclosures are jumping since many Americans are unable to make ends meet and having no equity , they are unable to sell since they are underwater .
How so ?
Say you bought a $ 400,000 home in a bubble area with zero down .
The home is now worth $ 300,000 .
In order for you to sell at the current market price , you would need to put in $ 100,000 of your own money to move the home .
No one economically speaking will do this .
So many will ask their lender for a short sale .
An amount this large will normally not get approved although many lenders are now wising up to the current economic crisis .
However many more are simply not sending in payment anymore and letting the foreclosure process take over .
Total Debt : $ 49 Trillion
This is a big problem since most would agree we are now in a recession .
Certainly many states are .
With so much debt , it would seem the only way out is for much of this debt to be written down .
This is already occurring .
Foreclosures are forcing banks to realize losses .
Credit card delinquencies are rising .
Auto loans are going into default at record rates .
This is also a form of money destruction .
And it has to occur .
There is no other way .
Incomes are stagnant and it would appear that we have a few years before things bottom out .
This will be a serious challenge for many of us to confront .
What you are going to see for the next few years is a healthy aversion to debt .
Otherwise you are going to drive yourself mad trying to digest these absurd numbers .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Can it happen ?
Are the Bush years going to end with the election of a cerebral , liberal black man born to a Muslim goat - herd from Kenya and an atheist farm - girl from Kansas ?
Will we witness it in less than 48 hours ?
Whisper it : yes we can .
At the midnight hour tomorrow night – unless opinion polls are wrong ; more wrong than they have ever been – the era of President Barack Obama will begin .
It 's hard to see what this will mean for the world yet .
Obama himself has written : " I serve as a blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their own views . "
But we can already map out the four tectonic shifts rumbling beneath this election .
They all began before Obama – but his cool stride has brought them into history sooner than many of us thought possible .
Transformation One : The Transcending of Race .
Just 40 years after Martin Luther King had a dream of a post- racial America , a coalition of white workers in Pennsylvania , retired Jews in Florida , and bilingual Hispanics in New Mexico is poised to put a black man in the White House .
If the polls are right , Obama will be the first Democrat to win a majority of white votes since 1964 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This hints at one of the reasons why so many of us love the United States , even as we hate some of its actions .
The country is capable of many crimes – but it is also open and free enough to produce the antibodies that begin to put them right .
It gives us Dick Cheney , but also Noam Chomsky .
It gives us Jim Crow , but also Barack Obama .
Is there any better symbol of how the American Revolution can correct itself than the realisation that the first 26 Presidents of the US could have owned the 44th President as a piece of property ?
This shift will only accelerate .
By 2040 , white people will be a minority in America , part of a patchwork of ethnic minorities .
The US will look more and more like a universal nation of peoples from everywhere , united behind the constitution .
Young Americans are strikingly relaxed about this : for under -30s , Obama has a 47 per cent lead .
Not a 47 per cent vote – a 47 per cent lead .
Yet the US state is still riddled with racist outcomes .
To give just one example : the American Civil Liberties Union found in 2006 that although the races use drugs at the same rate , black Americans – who comprise 12 per cent of the population – make up 74 per cent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison .
Obama could very easily have slipped into this vortex when , as a young man , he occasionally snorted coke .
If he had been arrested and jailed for it like one in five black men , he would n't be President ; he would n't even be able to vote .
This election shows a desire by American people to move beyond the sterile stupidities of racism , but it is the middle of the story , not the end .
Transformation Two : The Death of Reaganism .
For a generation , American Presidents have pledged to roll back the state and let the market rip .
Even Democrats bowed to this orthodoxy : it was Bill Clinton was said " the era of big government is over " and began deregulating the banks .
The result was the financial collapse and the worst inequality since the 1920s .
Today , the top one per cent of Americans own 21 per cent of all income – while the bottom 50 per cent own just 13 per cent .
Obama , by contrast , ran mocking " the idea we can give more and more to the most , and somehow prosperity will trickle down " , and argued for the state to " spread the wealth around " .
The era of limp , passive government is over – at precisely the moment when we need athletic government to prevent a depression and stop global warming .
Transformation Three : The Palin ' of the Culture War .
For decades now , the American right has successfully disguised its help - the - rich , slap - the - rest ideology by presenting Democrats as out - of - touch elitists on the social issues : God , guns and gays .
This election , the trick stopped working .
Sarah Palin made the base gurgle , but her cultural wedgies repelled everyone else .
The real elite have been laid bare on Wall Street ; shrieks of " elitism ! " from their deregulators and defenders now sound absurd .
We have been here before : the 1920s was a culture war decade , with bitter moral crusades for Prohibition and against Catholics .
In the 1930s , it all died off in the dust bowl .
Transformation Four : The End of the Unipolar Fantasy .
The Bush administration believed that , as the last remaining super - power , it could impose its will on the world with force .
It made little effort to compromise with – or even listen to – a world it wanted to bring to heel .
It boasted of the need to maintain " full spectrum dominance " over the planet , and to have more firepower than all their potential rivals combined .
It trashed treaties , scorned the UN , and refused to talk to anybody they disagreed with .
It was always doomed to failure , because very few international problems can be handled with force .
You can't fire cruise missiles at an unravelling climate or a tricky peace process or bird flu .
But what now ?
A man with a background among the colonised has never before become the head of the world 's largest empire .
Obama 's grandfather was detained in a British Guantanomo for six months during the bloody occupation of Kenya .
As a child , Obama watched helpless as the CIA armed and funded the crazed dictator Suharto to commit mass murder of civilians .
Yet how much has this informed Obama 's policies , as a pragmatic politician working within a system riddled with undemocratic pressures ?
He certainly disagrees with many of the vicious extremes of Bush , from Iraq to torture .
His plans for a massive investment in renewable energy to wean the US slowly off its addiction to oil will have transformed the country 's foreign policy , ending its need for the Saudi tyranny and bursts of war in Mesopotamia .
But in the medium term , it seems that Obama will be a conventional Democratic multilateralist leaving in place many of the ugly aspects of US foreign policy – from the crowbar - policies of the International Monetary Fund to unwavering support for the thuggish governments of Egypt , Colombia and Israel .
The democratic antibodies of opposition are n't strong enough to overturn the Big Money or hard geopolitics that demand these policies .
So there will still be plenty to oppose in Obama 's foreign policy – but when a giant shuffles just a few steps to the left , the ants below feel a great pressure lifting from them .
But then the cold fear comes : what if the American people are too addled by the race - fear , and turn to McCain at the last moment ?
At the Democratic convention , Obama said to his fellow Americans : " We are better people than the last eight years . "
The ghosts of the drowned children of New Orleans and the burned children of Baghdad may have stared down sceptically – but I believe he was right .
The tidal force of these four transformations is too great .
And yet , and yet ...
I wo n't be sure until I watch Obama 's acceptance speech through salty tears – and I hear the Statue of Liberty let out a slow sigh of relief .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
A lot of fuss was made recently when Google added footnotes to its Docs web app .
Not because the ability to add footnotes is such a killer feature — Microsoft Word has had it for as long as probably anyone can remember — nor because it represented any great feat of engineering .
Rather , the most impressive aspect of the new footnote feature in Google Docs was the timing of its addition .
According to Garett Rogers , who write the Googling Google blog for ZDNet , the Mountain View - based company added footnotes to their web application just two days after Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer characterized Docs as a non-threat .
“ You ca n’t even put a footnote in a document , ” he said .
It was n’t the actual feature , so much as Google ’s demonstrated agility in adding it that was impressive .
“ The agility , and horsepower that Google has behind it is something that companies — even Microsoft — should be wary of , and definitely should n’t take lightly , ” says Rogers .
However , for all that , Google still has yet to do much more than take a nibble at Microsoft ’s dominant office application market share .
According to Microsoft , there are a whopping 550 million users of Microsoft Office around the world .
Google Docs , meanwhile , only attracts a paltry 1.3 million visitors per month according to Quantcast .
Clearly , Google has a lot of work to do before it can undo the stranglehold that Microsoft has on the office software market .
So where is the real greatest threat to Microsoft ’s cash cow ?
It might just be in desktop software from the open source world .
Specifically , OpenOffice.org , which shipped a major version upgrade this month .
In the first week since shipping version 3 , OpenOffice.org was downloaded 3 million times .
That ’s still a drop in the bucket compared to Microsoft Office ’s supposed user numbers , but what might be most potentially worrisome for Microsoft is that 80 % of downloaders were Windows users .
That indicates that Windows users are open to alternatives to Microsoft software ( especially if they ’re free ) .
OpenOffice.org head of marketing John McCreesh thinks that those numbers are actually undercounting Linux users , who usually get updates via their vendor .
He guesses there might actually 5 million installed copies out there right now of the latest version of OpenOffice.org .
“ [ In 2004 ] we aimed to have a 40 % market share by 2010 .
That does n’t seem as ambitious today as it did four years ago , ” says McCreesh .
Well , if Microsoft ’s numbers are accurate , that actually does seem pretty ambitious .
But the numbers so far indicate that the greatest threat to Microsoft ’s office software dominance might come from open source desktop software , and not from the cloud and Google .
One thing is certain : Microsoft is starting to feel pressure from all sides .
This is part of the transcript of the video courtesy of Steve Benen .
Davis explained that Palin drives “ liberal feminists ” “ nuts ” because “ she ’s a conservative Republican ” who ’s working as a governor .
Bennett agreed , adding , “ Let me give you three things that I think drives them crazy , and you do n’t have to comment .
That ’s she ’s very attractive .
That she ’s very competent or that she ’s very happy .
You know , as a human being . ”
After Rick Davis slams “ liberal feminists ” with Bennett , then John McCain on Monday had some harsh criticisms about the Feminist left also .
Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , speaks to supporters , Monday , Oct. 20 , 2008 , in St. Charles , Mo. McCain opened his remarks in St. Charles by defending Palin against unspecified attacks .
“ My friends , it ’s remarkable the comments of the feminist left about Sarah Palin , ” he said to a chorus of boos .
“ I want to tell you , I am so proud of the way she has energized America .
She is a reformer , she is a great leader , she is the most popular governor in America , and I can hardly wait to introduce her to Washington , D.C. ”
Yesterday , the New York Times reports that Palin was flanked with women from NOW and was taking a strong feminist attack against Obama .
So on Tuesday feminists are good people now .
This is what Palin said at the rally .
Ms. Palin spoke flanked by female supporters she described as members of the Democratic platform committee and the National Organization for Women .
She took a strongly feminist tack throughout , criticizing practices such as honor killings in the Muslim world as well as inequities closer to home and singling out female owners of small businesses , especially one she described as “ Irma the Restaurant Owner . ”
“ Our opponents think they have the women ’s vote all locked up , which is a little presumptuous since only our side has a woman on the ticket , ” she said .
She added , referring to Mr. Obama : “ When it came time for choosing a vice president , somehow he could n’t bring himself to choose a woman who got 18 million votes in the primaries . ”
Ignoring her differences with leading feminist groups over issues such as abortion , Ms. Palin presented herself as a feminist pioneer .
Hat tip to Steve Benen at the Political Animal , I agree there is absolutely no logic in this at all .
Talk about a major flip - flop .
LOL
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
The rise and fall of Joe the Plumber as a symbol of the American self - made man ’s resistance to progressive taxation began on October 12th , outside Toledo , Ohio .
As Senator Barack Obama campaigned for the Presidency in a neighborhood of modest homes , a man named Samuel J. ( Joe ) Wurzelbacher approached .
He said that he was getting ready to buy a company that earned about a quarter of a million dollars a year , and he asked if his taxes would rise under Obama ’s economic plan .
The Senator acknowledged that they might .
“ Nobody likes high taxes , ” Obama said .
“ Of course not . ” Still , he explained :
I do believe that for folks like me who ’ve worked hard but frankly also been lucky , I do n’t mind paying just a little bit more than the waitress who I just met over there .
. . .
She can barely make the rent .
. . .
And I think that when you spread the wealth around , it ’s good for everybody .
The principle that Obama evinced , which most economists would regard as unexceptionable , can be traced to Adam Smith .
In “ The Wealth of Nations ” ( 1776 ) , his seminal treatise on capitalism , Smith wrote :
The necessaries of life occasion the great expense of the poor .
. . .
The luxuries and vanities of life occasion the principal expense of the rich , and a magnificent house embellishes and sets off to the best advantage all the other luxuries and vanities which they possess .
. . .
It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense , not only in proportion to their revenue , but something more than in that proportion .
Smith ’s notion of reasonableness did not anticipate the Fox News Channel , however .
Last Tuesday , Wurzelbacher appeared on that network , where he denounced Obama ’s comments as “ socialist . ”
He said that Obama “ scared me , ” because he “ wants to distribute wealth . ”
Wurzelbacher also granted an interview to the advocacy group Family Security Matters , whose advisory board includes the conservative talk - radio hosts Laura Ingraham and Monica Crowley .
By means unknown , Joe ’s story of ambition and resentment reached the campaign of Senator John McCain .
Early in last Wednesday ’s televised debate , McCain brought up Joe ’s supposed worries about Obama ’s proposed tax rates for wealthy Americans and set off one of those cascading episodes of goofiness that sometimes overtake people who are tired .
During a prolonged colloquy in which “ Joe the Plumber ” was invoked more than two dozen times , McCain accused Obama of waging “ class warfare . ”
Each office - seeker spoke to Joe , “ if you ’re out there , ” as if he were a lost child .
At one point , McCain referred to Wurzelbacher as “ my old buddy Joe , Joe the Plumber , ” sounding as if he might launch into song .
McCain ’s reification of Joe ’s working - class - rooted virtue portended Dreiserian revelations , and , sure enough , reporters quickly discovered that Wurzelbacher was not everything he seemed .
He lacked a license to perform plumbing or contracting work ; a lien had been filed against him for nonpayment of taxes ; and he told Katie Couric , of CBS News , that in truth he is not at present expecting to enter the high tax bracket he had mentioned to Obama .
Wurzelbacher ’s prospects for participating in Sarah Palin ’s 2012 Joe Six - Pack tour may also have been dented when , speaking to Couric , he described Obama ’s remarks on tax policy as a “ tap dance . . . almost as good as Sammy Davis , Jr. ”
“ My message is simple — vote for me or I ’ll eat you . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Of the several morals lurking in this postmodern fable , the least surprising is the reminder that McCain ’s campaign believes that it cannot afford to be heavily burdened by facts while constructing attacks against Obama ’s candidacy .
Also familiar is the example of McCain ’s sloppy decision - making .
The Ordinary Joe charade was transparently conceived to poke at Obama ’s vulnerability with white , independent voters in culturally conservative industrial states .
Unfortunately for McCain and his staff , they apparently did not think to vet an important new anecdote that they planned to spring upon a national television audience at a decisive moment of the campaign .
That oversight has rebounded on McCain , of course , but , more important , his phony war on taxes has diminished the last phase of the campaign .
In the maw of the worst banking and financial crisis since the Great Depression , McCain has repeatedly dumbed down the debate on economic policy .
His focus on pork - barrel spending and the top marginal tax rates of the richest Americans has obscured the seriousness of the crisis , whose causes have nothing to do with either of those issues .
Some economists expect the country ’s unemployment rate to rise from its current level , of about six per cent , to as high as ten per cent , which would be the highest in a generation ; more than a million American families have already had their homes foreclosed upon during the past two years , and in August foreclosure filings reached a record high .
McCain , perhaps because he honed his policy instincts during the Reagan era , when marginal tax rates were a big deal , or perhaps because he just does n’t know what else to talk about , has deflected debate from the difficult , complicated choices that must be made by the next President , such as what sort of economic stimulus plan to enact , and in what stages ; which policies might keep the most families in their houses at the least cost ; how to restructure market regulation to bring credit - default swaps and other derivatives under government oversight ; and how to coördinate global reform of financial and trade imbalances .
WASHINGTON  Four months after the Supreme Court ruled that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess guns , its decision is under assault  from the right .
Two prominent federal appeals court judges say that Justice Antonin Scalia ’s majority opinion in the case , District of Columbia v. Heller , is illegitimate , activist , poorly reasoned and fueled by politics rather than principle .
The 5 - to - 4 decision in Heller struck down parts of a District of Columbia gun control law .
The judges used what in conservative legal circles are the ultimate fighting words :
They said the gun ruling was a right - wing version of Roe v. Wade , the 1973 decision that identified a constitutional right to abortion .
Justice Scalia has said that Roe had no basis in the Constitution and amounted to a judicial imposition of a value judgment that should have been left to state legislatures .
Comparisons of the two decisions , then , seemed calculated to sting .
“ The Roe and Heller courts are guilty of the same sins , ” one of the two appeals court judges , J. Harvie Wilkinson III , wrote in an article to be published in the spring in The Virginia Law Review .
We all know the “ rules ” of blogging .
Produce consistently high - quality content , position yourself as an authority , cultivate relationships with your readers and other bloggers .
But some of the best and most popular blogs have traits that might surprise you .
Here ’s how being negative , angry and stupid ( in the right ways ) can create breakthrough success on your blog .
1 . Do n’t over - explain
When you ’re using a blog to establish yourself as an authority , it ’s easy to think you should answer every possible question .
You ’re the big shot after all , right ?
Writing a kitchen sink post that nails down every possible answer is authoritative .
It ’s also pretty boring .
Building some pillars of exhaustive cornerstone content is a smart strategy .
But in your day - to - day content , leave room for other answers and other points of view in your community comments .
As you ’re writing , when you think of potential unanswered questions , do n’t necessarily answer them in the post .
If they do n’t get brought up in the comment section , you can always write a follow - up .
2 . Do n’t know everything
Authority is attractive , but so is vulnerability .
21st century readers are n’t looking for a silver - haired guy in a white lab coat to solve all their problems .
Authority still matters , but it has a friendlier face now .
Today ’s trusted authorities are dorkier and more openly flawed than they ever have been .
Self deprecation will always create a stronger relationship than chest beating .
Write what you know with confidence , but also make some time to share your screw - ups , your insecurities , and your downright failures .
Your readers will learn as much ( or more ) from what you got wrong as they will from what you did right .
And you ’ll come across more like a smart , trusted friend , and less like a doctor in an aspirin ad .
3 . Get mad once in awhile
Even Gandhi got cheesed off sometimes .
Taking the high road is all good and well , and being able to keep your head is a very useful quality in social media .
But sometimes you also want to take a stand .
Go ahead and get angry sometimes .
A constant diet of angry rants gets old .
Your anger loses its meaning if that ’s all you ever talk about .
( Does anyone care any more what gets on Andy Rooney ’s nerves ? )
But if you let yourself get publicly angry occasionally , you ’ll show your humanity and your backbone .
4 . Do n’t be overly consistent
Standing for something is one thing , being a damned pigheaded fool is another .
If you change your mind , let people know .
If you have a forceful point of view and you then read an interesting alternate position , go ahead and point that out .
Respect for other ways of doing things , even when they ’re not in line with yours , shows your essential confidence .
It ’s also good for conversation .
If everyone is perfectly consistent and in agreement , there ’s not much to talk about .
And the conversation that does take place is unbearably smug and tedious .
5. Break unbreakable rules
Seth Godin ’s blog does n’t allow comments .
Dosh Dosh ’s posts are long and chewy , requiring thoughtful reading and re-reading .
Merlin Mann has decided he wo n’t write any more about the topic that made 43 Folders so tremendously popular in the first place .
P.S. , he ’s turned off comments , too .
Blogging rules are guidelines .
A smart blogger knows when what she ’s trying to communicate does n’t fit within the rules , and when she should leave those rules behind .
Breaking unbreakable rules is risky .
But when it ’s done intelligently and strategically , it can also be remarkable .
Know the rules , then think carefully about whether or not they support what you have to say .
6. Repeat yourself
A blog is n’t a book .
Readers do n’t start at the beginning and read their way through in 2 or 3 sittings .
New readers have no idea what you wrote last year , or even last month .
Sometimes it ’s useful to repeat yourself .
Also , you might sometimes say the same thing twice .
Knowing how to come up with fresh takes on a well - worn subject is a cornerstone of a great blog .
If you have some strong central themes , they ’re worth repeating .
7 . Be negative
Positive , “ do this ” posts are great for spurring readers to take action .
But what not to do posts are terrific for attracting attention and interest .
Frank Kern talks about the rubberneck effect .
We ’re wired to be fascinated by problems , mistakes and embarrassing disasters .
The occasional “ train wreck ” post will help your blog break through attention clutter .
8 . Get a little stupid
This is the age of the class clown .
No , do n’t be an idiot .
But do n’t take yourself so damned seriously , either .
A little pure entertainment goes a long way to building your community .
Making the occasional stupid joke ( and then tying it to a point or two worth making ) gives your blog some fresh air and makes it an enjoyable read instead of homework .
None of us can compete with Wikipedia for pure just - the - facts content , so do n’t make that the cornerstone of your blog .
Think less MacNeil - Lehrer , more Sesame Street .
9 . Do n’t pay too much attention to “ how to blog ” articles
Now we love to give advice here at Copyblogger , and I personally benefited hugely from Brian ’s advice before I ever started writing here .
It ’s great to absorb how - to articles that speak to you , and to try new techniques .
But at the end of the day , the thing that makes your blog great is you .
Do n’t get so caught up in technique that you forget what makes your content worth reading ( and talking about ) .
The most “ perfect ” blog in the world would be deathly dull .
Great blogs are quirky , weird , and hard to predict–just like interesting people are .
Learn the rules , get advice , then write from your heart and see what happens .
If you get a wild hair , go ahead and share it with your readers .
They might love it , they might hate it .
The great thing about a blog is , there ’s always another post to make tomorrow .
About the Author : Sonia Simone is an Associate Editor of Copyblogger and the founder of Remarkable Communication .
Democrats Earn Larger Majority in Congress Democrats pick up at least five Senate seats and at least 15 spots in the House .
Nov. 5 , 2008  --
With the Democrats now celebrating a Barack Obama presidency , as well as an increase in their majority control of Congress , the attention now turns to the hard part : legislating .
Democrats gained at least five Senate seats with three races still undecided , securing their grip on the chamber , but falling short of the supermajority needed to block GOP filibusters .
In the House , Democrats secured at least 18 new seats , but could pick up as many as 20 depending on the outcome of still undecided races .
Some say the increased majorities , coupled with Obama 's White House win , will give the Democrats the ability to sweep party - friendly legislation through Congress , and without the threat of a veto .
But political experts are n't so sure about the power of one - party rule .
" United government simply has not been a recipe of doing anything you want in Washington , " said Princeton University political historian Julian Zelizer .
" Obviously , for the party in power , having a united government is better than having it divided , " Zelizer said .
" They have the room to maneuver and set the agenda and generally a better chance of passing legislation . "
Before Election Day , the Democrats held majorities of 51 - 49 in the Senate and 235-199 in the House .
Public confidence in one - party rule has ebbed and flowed over the last three decades , and holding the White House and both houses of Congress does n't always make things easier .
Anne Mathias , the director of policy research at the Stanford Group in Washington , D.C. , said one - party rule often only leads to division within the majority party .
" The Senate fights with the House as much as Republicans fight with Democrats , " Mathias said .
" The Democrats in the Senate are not a unified block and neither are the Democrats in the House . "
Blue Dog Democrats , said Mathias , who often support more conservative legislation , will still be a factor in the newly elected Congress .
" You 're not going to see the floodgates open and see every piece of populist tax - raising , business - unfriendly legislation just roll through . "
Majority Rules ?
Not Always
Doug Kriner , a congressional expert and professor of political science at Boston University , said even with increased numbers in both houses , Democrats still wo n't always get their way .
" They will not get everything they want , " he said , adding that in addition to the Blue Dog Democrats , some moderate Democratic senators from states such as Montana and North Dakota will still stand up to the majority .
" For Democrats to always prevail in Congress would demand a lot of party loyalty , which is n't always the rule of the Senate , " said Kriner .
Democrats One - Party Change
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , Americans feared that a divided government might lead to gridlock , said Kriner .
But feelings changed during the mid- to late - 1990s , when many Americans began to prefer it , arguing that the split between parties would " promote more moderate policies . "
Kriner said that despite Sen. John McCain 's assertions throughout the campaign that a unified Congress would be a bad idea , the public may now prefer a more unified Congress because of the widely held desire for change .
During President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's administration , Zelizer recalls , the unified Congress forced the president to negotiate constantly between the Northern Democrats and the Southern Democrats .
" FDR managed to find bills that both sides could support , but often ended up watering down legislation because he did n't want to offend the Southerners , " said Zelizer .
Some Legislation Will Benefit
Even though all liberal legislation wo n't be easily agreed upon , there are some measures that will likely benefit from the single - party rule in Congress .
Mathias says legislation regarding regulation of the financial services industry and the taxation of carried interest are two issues that are likely to benefit from Democratic majority rule .
Mathias said that issues like energy policy and agriculture policy – which is much more regional -- probably wo n't be helped that much by the Democratic majority .
" Democrats are naturally ideological , and as a party are interested in inclusion and broadening the participants in the democracy , " said Mathias .
" So they 're bringing in outsider candidates more easily than the Republicans , and as a result they get a lot of people with a lot of different points of view . "
Some of the newly elected senators , such as Democrat Kay Hagan in North Carolina , might have to answer to their traditionally more conservative constituencies , making it difficult to consistently vote with their parties , said Mathias .
" I do n't think people will see a lock - step liberal agenda that everyone is worried about , " said Mathias .
" [ These senators ] are still going to have to respond to constituents who are very different from them -- and often times a lot more conservative . "
Single - Party Rule : Buyer 's Remorse ?
So what will a unified Congress mean for a President Obama ?
Some aspects could be worse than had a divided government , according to Mathias , who said Democratic senators may come to expect Obama 's support .
" You could make the argument that it could make it more difficult to reach an agreement because they 're all the same party , " she said .
" The senators may expect Obama to always agree with them because he 's also a Democrat . "
But even with those headaches , the sweeping victory on Election Day means that Obama will enter office with a stacked Congress and every opportunity to push through many of his legislative goals .
Boston University 's Kriner reminds that even though Democrats will be celebrating their victory in the days to come , the win comes with a lot of responsibility .
" There 's no doubt that this win will be a huge ego boost for the party and will bring them back to the glory days , " said Kriner .
" The GOP will have to regroup and decide what they 'll do the next time around . "
" But with the opportunity comes danger -- the danger of not living up to public expectations is a real problem for the Democrats , " he said .
With the bad economy and the financial crisis coupled with two wars , the Democrats do n't have an easy job ahead of them .
" They have a horrible hand dealt to them and it's not going to be easy , " said Kriner .
" The public has said they want unified change and will now say to Congress , ' OK , we 've given you the keys , ' " said Kriner .
" And if the Democratically - ruled Congress does n't produce , they 'll face an angry electorate in two years . "
MIT 's oldest and largest
newspaper & the first
newspaper published
on the web
COLUMN
The Secular Case Against Gay Marriage
Adam Kolasinski
The debate over whether the state ought to recognize gay marriages has thus far focused on the issue as one of civil rights .
Such a treatment is erroneous because state recognition of marriage is not a universal right .
States regulate marriage in many ways besides denying men the right to marry men , and women the right to marry women .
Roughly half of all states prohibit first cousins from marrying , and all prohibit marriage of closer blood relatives , even if the individuals being married are sterile .
In all states , it is illegal to attempt to marry more than one person , or even to pass off more than one person as one ’s spouse .
Some states restrict the marriage of people suffering from syphilis or other venereal diseases .
Homosexuals , therefore , are not the only people to be denied the right to marry the person of their choosing .
I do not claim that all of these other types of couples restricted from marrying are equivalent to homosexual couples .
I only bring them up to illustrate that marriage is heavily regulated , and for good reason .
When a state recognizes a marriage , it bestows upon the couple certain benefits which are costly to both the state and other individuals .
Collecting a deceased spouse ’s social security , claiming an extra tax exemption for a spouse , and having the right to be covered under a spouse ’s health insurance policy are just a few examples of the costly benefits associated with marriage .
In a sense , a married couple receives a subsidy .
Why ?
Because a marriage between two unrelated heterosexuals is likely to result in a family with children , and propagation of society is a compelling state interest .
For this reason , states have , in varying degrees , restricted from marriage couples unlikely to produce children .
Granted , these restrictions are not absolute .
A small minority of married couples are infertile .
However , excluding sterile couples from marriage , in all but the most obvious cases such as those of blood relatives , would be costly .
Few people who are sterile know it , and fertility tests are too expensive and burdensome to mandate .
One might argue that the exclusion of blood relatives from marriage is only necessary to prevent the conception of genetically defective children , but blood relatives cannot marry even if they undergo sterilization .
Some couples who marry plan not to have children , but without mind - reading technology , excluding them is impossible .
Elderly couples can marry , but such cases are so rare that it is simply not worth the effort to restrict them .
The marriage laws , therefore , ensure , albeit imperfectly , that the vast majority of couples who do get the benefits of marriage are those who bear children .
Homosexual relationships do nothing to serve the state interest of propagating society , so there is no reason for the state to grant them the costly benefits of marriage , unless they serve some other state interest .
The burden of proof , therefore , is on the advocates of gay marriage to show what state interest these marriages serve .
Thus far , this burden has not been met .
One may argue that lesbians are capable of procreating via artificial insemination , so the state does have an interest in recognizing lesbian marriages , but a lesbian ’s sexual relationship , committed or not , has no bearing on her ability to reproduce .
Perhaps it may serve a state interest to recognize gay marriages to make it easier for gay couples to adopt .
However , there is ample evidence ( see , for example , David Popenoe ’s Life Without Father ) that children need both a male and female parent for proper development .
Unfortunately , small sample sizes and other methodological problems make it impossible to draw conclusions from studies that directly examine the effects of gay parenting .
However , the empirically verified common wisdom about the importance of a mother and father in a child ’s development should give advocates of gay adoption pause .
The differences between men and women extend beyond anatomy , so it is essential for a child to be nurtured by parents of both sexes if a child is to learn to function in a society made up of both sexes .
Is it wise to have a social policy that encourages family arrangements that deny children such essentials ?
Gays are not necessarily bad parents , nor will they necessarily make their children gay , but they cannot provide a set of parents that includes both a male and a female .
Some have compared the prohibition of homosexual marriage to the prohibition of interracial marriage .
This analogy fails because fertility does not depend on race , making race irrelevant to the state ’s interest in marriage .
By contrast , homosexuality is highly relevant because it precludes procreation .
Some argue that homosexual marriages serve a state interest because they enable gays to live in committed relationships .
However , there is nothing stopping homosexuals from living in such relationships today .
Advocates of gay marriage claim gay couples need marriage in order to have hospital visitation and inheritance rights , but they can easily obtain these rights by writing a living will and having each partner designate the other as trustee and heir .
There is nothing stopping gay couples from signing a joint lease or owning a house jointly , as many single straight people do with roommates .
The only benefits of marriage from which homosexual couples are restricted are those that are costly to the state and society .
Some argue that the link between marriage and procreation is not as strong as it once was , and they are correct .
Until recently , the primary purpose of marriage , in every society around the world , has been procreation .
In the 20th century , Western societies have downplayed the procreative aspect of marriage , much to our detriment .
As a result , the happiness of the parties to the marriage , rather than the good of the children or the social order , has become its primary end , with disastrous consequences .
When married persons care more about themselves than their responsibilities to their children and society , they become more willing to abandon these responsibilities , leading to broken homes , a plummeting birthrate , and countless other social pathologies that have become rampant over the last 40 years .
Homosexual marriage is not the cause for any of these pathologies , but it will exacerbate them , as the granting of marital benefits to a category of sexual relationships that are necessarily sterile can only widen the separation between marriage and procreation .
The biggest danger homosexual civil marriage presents is the enshrining into law the notion that sexual love , regardless of its fecundity , is the sole criterion for marriage .
If the state must recognize a marriage of two men simply because they love one another , upon what basis can it deny marital recognition to a group of two men and three women , for example , or a sterile brother and sister who claim to love each other ?
Homosexual activists protest that they only want all couples treated equally .
But why is sexual love between two people more worthy of state sanction than love between three , or five ?
When the purpose of marriage is procreation , the answer is obvious .
If sexual love becomes the primary purpose , the restriction of marriage to couples loses its logical basis , leading to marital chaos .
Adam Kolasinski is a doctoral student in financial economics .
Last week , a web hosting service that was a significant source of spam was taken offline by the combined efforts of Security Fix and several Internet providers .
Google would like to congratulate Security Fix for leading this effort and striking another blow in the battle to stamp out spam on the web .
The removal of this service helps " clean up " the web for everyone , and dovetails with efforts like Google 's to make web communications safer and more secure in all of the ways that people use it .
We 'll continue to monitor spam traffic , as we always do , but here 's what we 've seen in the past few days :
Oct. 31 , 2008  --
A prominent infectious disease specialist 's accounts of death threats he received from vaccine opponents exposes a kind of harassment in connection to fears of a link between vaccinations and autism , vaccine researchers say .
Dr. Paul Offit , medical director of the Vaccine Education Center at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia and a vaccination proponent , recounted his experiences to Dr. Nancy Snyderman Thursday morning on NBC's " Today " show .
Snyderman said on the program that the threats Offit received included a " phone call from an unidentified man who mentioned specific and private details " about Offit 's family .
" And then he hung up , " Offit said .
" But the implication was clear -- he knew where my children went to school . "
Dr. Gregory Poland , director of the Mayo Vaccine Research Group at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn. , and a vocal proponent of universal flu vaccination , says he is no stranger to such harassment .
" Among the most egregious things -- I got a letter once railing against my involvement in vaccines and hoping that something serious would happen to me and hoping that something serious would happen to one of my children , " he said .
" I had people come to the door of my home and harass my wife and kids , so I no longer have my address listed in the phone book . "
And at one point , Poland said , someone broke into his lab and attempted to hack into his computers .
As a result , Poland 's lab is now locked down for security purposes .
But some people connected to groups that believe a vaccine - autism link exists say that they , too , have been the targets of hateful speech .
" I 've been called a baby killer , " says Rebecca Estepp , national manager of the autism support group Talk About Curing Autism .
" One woman got into my face this summer and told me I was going to cause millions of children to die .
Emotions are running high because this involves the health of our children .
" Nancy Snyderman and Paul Offit are carrying on about it , but it happens to us , too .
I have sympathy because I know exactly how it feels . "
While researchers note that the overwhelming weight of the scientific evidence exonerates vaccines as a cause of autism , some groups still believe that the shots children receive when young are somehow tied to the condition .
But if the vitriol on both sides has proven one thing , it is that the issue is no longer about the science alone .
Michael John Carley , author and executive director of the Global and Regional Asperger Syndrome Partnership Inc. ( GRASP ) , has himself been diagnosed with Asperger syndrome , a condition on the autism spectrum .
In his upcoming manuscript entitled " Cures , Vaccines , Research , and the Promise of Alarmist Rhetoric : Autism Politics 101 , " Carley notes that for some , the fears about unvaccinated children or widespread autism have taken secondary importance .
" [ W ] hat has dwarfed these doomsday scenarios is the vitriolic nature in which the argument has descended , " he wrote .
" The shameful tactics , hurtful statements and outright mismanagement conducted by both sides has made the ' cure ' debate look like a friendly disagreement by comparison . "
Carley , too , has experienced backlash from some of this anger for his view that no link exists between vaccines and autism .
He says that he has personally received " tons of hate mail , " although he has not yet received a death threat .
Threats Emerge From a Minority
Estepp , the autism support group manager whose husband is in law enforcement , said everyone with whom she is involved would condemn the harassment that Offit has endured .
" No one should ever receive death threats , " she said .
" No one should ever know where his children are .
That 's horrible , and I 'm sorry to hear that is happening . "
Estepp said she believes that those who engage in such threats represent only a small portion of the overall community , a point with which the pro-vaccination Offit agreed .
" In any movement you have some fringe people who are very passionate and make some wrong choices , " Estepp said , adding that reports of such threats against vaccine proponents are damaging to groups such as hers .
They unfairly paint those on her side of the debate as irrational and potentially violent , she said .
And Offit said the anger that some parents experience is understandable .
" For parents of children with autism , it 's really hard , " he says .
" It 's emotionally hard , it 's financially hard .
" When there 's the notion that there 's something to blame , you can see where the anger would come from . "
But even if the threats are emerging from a small section of those who oppose recommended vaccine schedules , those in the field say that they have a definite impact on the work they do .
" Does it stop me from speaking what I think is the truth ?
No , " Poland said .
But , he notes , " I know of colleagues who have decided to write something slightly different or say something slightly different because they are afraid of inciting anti-vaccine groups . "
Dr. William Schaffner , professor and chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville , Tenn. , said , " The threats certainly -- as well as the anticipation of heated ' feedback ' -- clearly has inhibited colleagues from engaging in the public discussion of contentious issues regarding vaccines , Lyme disease , etc . "
Schaffner said he has never received such threats .
But , he added , " as to myself , this unpleasantness makes me very wary ; we are a society that is prone to violence . "
Poland said he believes legislation should be considered to offer special protection to those in the field of vaccine research .
" Since this affects not only a person and his or her family , but indeed the public health , special provisions should be considered in terms of legal consequences , " he said .
" This was done , for example , in the case of abortion protesters . "
What Should Be Done ?
But are such steps necessary ?
Thus far , no one has followed through with threats made against those in the field of vaccine research ; likewise , there has been no report of any violence being visited on those in the autism community for their views .
Still , all involved say something should be done to help defuse the personal side of the debate .
Dr. Peter Hotez , immunologist at George Washington University in Washington , D.C. , and father of a daughter with autism , said he believes that federal public health agencies , including the surgeon general 's office and the National Institutes of Health , must take a more active role in dissuading the link between vaccines and autism .
" [ These organizations ] have to be willing to speak out and make strong statements that vaccines do not cause autism , " he said .
" These organizations have been conspicuous by their silence . "
Meanwhile , the escalating tension has Poland worried about the potential for violence .
" These things , they bother you because the nature of violence is that it 's unpredictable , " he said .
" Does it take a personal injury , a death or property damage before something is done ? "
Kirk Fernandes and Audrey Grayson contributed to this report .
Vinod Khosla is a card - carrying Republican .
But , the billionaire venture capitalist and alternative energy entrepreneur said , Democrat Barack Obama would be better for green businesses .
“ I am a Republican , but I do believe Barack Obama will be a much bigger supporter of clean tech and renewable energy than John McCain will , ” Khosla said at the Reuters Global Environment Summit in San Francisco .
To see a video of the interview , click here .
Khosla stopped short of saying whom he would be casting a ballot for on November 4th , but added of McCain : “ Unfortunately over the election cycle he ’s gotten very beholden to some of the traditional energy interests . ”
Still , Khosla said renewable energy and climate change legislation was slowly garnering support from his party , too .
“ A Democratic majority would be very good for renewable energy , but it is a bipartisan issue — there are many many Republicans who support it also , ” Khosla said .
“ I think we are headed in the right direction .
Maybe too slowly for my liking , but I think we are heading in the right direction . ”
( Reporting by Ruben Ramirez )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President George W Bush has called on worried Americans to trust in the government 's series of interventions to fight the crisis in the banking system .
Global stock markets have behaved erratically despite a multi-billion dollar rescue deal to restore calm .
Mr Bush defended his decisions saying credit markets took " a while to freeze up " and would take a while to " thaw " .
He spoke as figures released in the US suggested that the construction of new homes was at its lowest in 17 years .
According to the US commerce department , the building of new homes fell by more than 6 % last month and was at its lowest level since the recession of 1991 .
I would oppose such measures under ordinary circumstances but these are not ordinary circumstances
George W Bush The BBC's David Willis in New York says the figures are significant , not least because housing - particularly losses stemming from mortgage defaults - lies at the heart of the current economic crisis .
News of the fall in house construction , when coupled with falling consumer spending and reports of rising job losses , is also seen as further evidence that the world 's largest economy may well be heading for recession , our correspondent says .
Cash injections
In a further attempt to restore confidence to business , President Bush made a major speech at the US Chamber of Commerce headquarters in Washington .
Mr Bush , a free marketeer by instinct , defended his level of government intervention saying if he had not acted the hole in the financial system would have grown larger .
Losses stemming from mortgage defaults are at the heart of the crisis " I would oppose such measures under ordinary circumstances , " he said , " but these are not ordinary circumstances . "
He said that the American people could " be confident " that the measures were " big enough and bold enough to work " .
The Treasury has said it wants to implement its $ 700 bn financial bail - out plan quickly .
It has also announced plans to inject $ 250 bn into many of the nation 's banks , including JP Morgan Chase , Goldman Sachs and the Bank of New York Mellon Corp .
The president also spoke of the co-ordinated effort with Europe in tackling the global economic crisis , saying : " We 're determined to overcome this challenge together . "
Mr Bush will meet his French counterpart Nicolas Sarkozy and the European Commission chief , Jose Manual Barroso , at Camp David in Maryland this weekend .
Their talks are intended to pave the way for a global summit on overhauling the financial system .
In other developments : European shares indexes fluctuated between small losses and gains of more than 3 % , as traders took heart from the gains on Wall Street on Thursday
Credit rating agency Fitch downgraded Hungary 's outlook from " stable " to " negative " as it considers that the global financial crisis has increased the country 's credit risk
Oil prices rose above $ 72 a barrel on expectations that Opec would decide to cut production at its upcoming meeting
German bank shares were helped by news that the German parliament had passed a 500bn euro ( $ 672bn ; £ 389 bn ) bank rescue package
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Patrick Swayze Cancer Has Reportedly Spread
Patrick Swayze , who was told he had pancreatic cancer this past January , has reportedly taken a turn for the worse and started saying goodbye to loved ones after learning his cancer has spread .
A source told National Enquirer magazine :
“ Patrick recently got word that the cancer had spread to his liver and that is what his doctors said would begin the countdown to the end .
Patrick knew it was coming because he was suffering increased weakness .
“ At times , he was so weak that he could barely walk without feeling faint .
Sometimes he feels out of breath and has to sit down . ”
Swayze , 56 , told Lisa , his wife of 33 years , and his brother Donny that he does n’t have long to live .
“ Lisa phoned Donny in Los Angeles and told him he need to come to Chicago , where Patrick has been filming TV show The Beast .
She was crying and scared Donny to death .
“ Donny got the impression his brother was already on his deathbed because Lisa was saying Patrick wanted to say goodbye .
She could n’t stop crying . ”
Swayze has been undergoing pioneering Cyberknife radiotherapy at California ’s Stamford University Medical Centre , and had been making a steady recovery from the illness .
Swayze recently finished filming The Beast in Chicago , where he was putting in 12 - hour days .
In October , his production team reported he had missed only a day and a half of work .
He told The New York Times :
“ I ’m still fine to work , I have n’t changed – oh , I have changed , what am I saying ?
It ’s a battle zone I go through .
Chemo , no matter how you cut it , is hell on wheels . ”
UPDATE : Swayze released a statement to People saying :
Text - shadow in IE with jQuery
With the soon - released FireFox 3.1 , three of the four major browsers support text - shadow .
That leaves just Internet Explorer with the lack of text - shadow .
I have already taken care of that problem , but decided to wrap it up in a nice automated jQuery plugin .
How it works
One handy little thing of Internet Explorer is that it also gives you access to CSS declarations it does not understand , so we can simply request the text - shadow value of a given element and process that .
For a more in - depth explanation of how the technique itself works , please read the original article .
It should work in Internet Explorer 5.5 to Internet Explorer 8 , since I also added the new Internet Explorer 8 version of filter , - ms - filter .
Demo
Demo .
Works only in Internet Explorer . :)
The Plugin
The plugin itself offers two functions : textShadow ( ) ; and removeTextShadow ( ) ; , which do what you expect them to do .
textShadow ( ) ;
Allows you to optionally overwrite the text - shadow declaration from your CSS to tweak the look of the text - shadow in Internet Explorer , if needed .
The available options look like this :
$ ( elem ) .textShadow ( { color : " #000 " , xoffset : " 5 px " , yoffset : " 5 px " , radius : " 5 px " , opacity : " 50 " } ) ;
You ’ll notice that all the regular options of text - shadow are there but that I ’ve also added opacity , which helps tweak the intensity of the text - shadow .
It ’s translates to Internet Explorer alpha-opacity , so it ’s range is 0 to 100.
50 works best in most cases and is also the default .
Limitations
There is really only one major limitation , it just does n’t look as good as native text - shadow support in the other browsers .
It works pretty well for average - sized text - shadows , but it falls apart on smaller or larger sizes .
Tweaking it may help , but YMMV .
Another small limitation is that the padding - top and padding - left of the elements that get a shadow need to be in pixels , otherwise it wo n’t work .
I could theoretically write something that takes care of em , % , cm , mm , pt , pc and in , but I ’d really rather not .
Download
Here you go : jquery.textshadow.js .
Tested with jQuery 1.2 + but will probably work with older versions as well .
Update ( 26 Feb 2010 )
I just released version 1.1 , which fixes the problems with IE8 .
Have fun !
In some cases you have to add a z - index to the element that you are adding a shadow to .
Hi , I 'm Kilian .
I make Polypane , the browser for responsive web development and design .
If you 're reading this site , that 's probably interesting to you .
Try it out !
- When it comes to abortion , fighting for legality alone will never be enough .
Southern abortion funds are building a future where all of us can get the care we need no matter where we live .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp ’s PlayStation 3 video game console and its portable cousin , the PSP , are selling faster than expected and are poised to meet full - year sales targets even if the current economic crisis hurts holiday demand , Sony said on Wednesday .
Sony Corp 's PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) game controller is pictured at a Sofmap electric store in Tokyo May 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
Driven by solid demand by video games , and the appeal of the Blu-ray disc movie system built into the devices , PlayStation 3 sales are some 30 percent better than Sony ’s plan so far in its fiscal year , according to Jack Tretton , Chief Executive of Sony Computer Entertainment of America .
As a result , he anticipates sales of the PS3 to reach a previously announced target of 10 million units by the end of the year , in March 2009 .
“ We are in good shape for that number worldwide , ” he said in an interview .
“ We are tracking at 100 percent up over last year ... about 30 percent ahead of where we should be .
So sales could slow down and we will still hit our number . ”
Tretton said sales could be affected by products shortages , which he anticipated would be “ not drastic . ”
“ I ’d say we are able to meet somewhere between 80 - 90 percent demand , based on how things are trending , ” he said .
Sales of the PSP , a $ 170 handheld device that plays games , movies and can surf the Internet , are 20 - 30 percent ahead of plan and are well - placed to meet the Japanese company ’s target of 15 million units sold .
Sony dominated the global video game industry for a decade starting in the mid-1990s , but sales of the PS3 have lagged behind Nintendo Co Ltd ’s Wii console .
It now has to come to grips with a recent price cut for Microsoft Corp ’s Xbox 360 , its other main rival .
Tretton ’s comments echo other industry players who suggest that the $ 22 billion video game industry may be relatively shielded from the economy ’s troubles .
Specifically , he says that multimedia devices like the PS3 and PSP have multiple uses and therefore can be enjoyed by members of an entire family , not just game players .
“ I think people are going to question every dollar that they spend , but they are going to look for value in return , he said .
“ The entertainment value ... with PlayStation 3 compares very favorably to other entertainment choices . ”
That optimism has n’t protected Sony ’s shares from declining sharply as economic concerns grow .
Sony shares trading on the New York Stock Exchange have declined some 20 percent in the past month .
The stock ’s decline was hastened by Wall Street analysts downgrades in mid-September , due to concerns over the outlook for Sony ’s over major electronics operations , including its flat TV , mobile phone and digital camera businesses .
Posted By : Madame Fleur
Oct. 21 , 2008
GOP efforts to disenfranchise voters are nationwide , but as battles over registration lists sweep the nation , in Montana the state GOP has received a decisive blow to its underhanded efforts to steer the election in favor of McCain .
Several weeks ago in The Treasure State , a state Republican official challenged nearly 6,000 voters over apparent discrepancies in their addresses .
The GOP asked that county election officials make certain voters prove their current address when they attempt to vote .
According to then - GOP Executive Director , Jake Eaton , who resigned last week , the voters were selected from counties where Republicans found the greatest discrepancies in voter addresses when comparing data from the statewide voter database with the National Change of Address database .
According to Eaton , the case was filed in response to a joke made by Montana Governor Brian Schweitzer in July about tampering with the results of the 2006 U.S. Senate election .
State Democrats went to court to block the challenges , charging that the move was a blatant attempt to suppress Democrat voter turnout : the case primarily targeted voters in six traditionally Democratic - leaning counties .
The Republican antics lost favor even within their own party when further investigation revealed that among the voters in question was a member of the Army Reserve about to deploy to Kuwait , and an 86 - year - old World War II hero .
Address discrepancies of this sort are also not critical to ensuring accurate voter counts .
There ’s no electoral college among counties in Montana .
It does n’t affect the election ’s outcome whether a person votes in the precinct where they live , or the one that they recently moved from .
Republicans were all but forced to drop their case last week after a federal judge determined that Republicans filed the case " with the express intent to disenfranchise voters . ”
U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy of Missoula did not rule on the case , but made his assessment of the Republican tactics clear , saying " [t ] he timing of these challenges is so transparent that it defies common sense to believe the purpose is anything but political chicanery . "
As mentioned above , Montana ’s GOP Executive Director resigned last week - just three weeks before the election – no doubt because this partisan debacle sparked such anger and failed so publicly .
One hopes that similar tactics to undermine the democratic process are discouraged by the example set in Montana .
Ohio , Wisconsin and Alabama take note : Americans will settle for nothing less than an honest , fair election in 2008 .
Enlarge By Erich Schlegel , AP Colt McCoy , middle , and the Texas Longhorns are on top of the first BCS standings of the season .
BY THE NUMBERS BY THE NUMBERS 1 : Unbeaten teams left in the Championship Subdivision ( formerly I - AA ) .
San Diego , idle Saturday , is 6 - 0 . Liberty and Sacred Heart suffered their first losses Saturday , the Flames 35 - 21 to Lafayette and the Pioneers 26 - 21 to Albany .
Liberty had won 11 in a row overall .
12 : Offensive plays into the game Saturday before Memphis was down to its third - string quarterback in a 30 - 10 loss to East Carolina .
Arkelon
Hall went down with a broken thumb on the sixth play , and Will Hudgens suffered a knee injury after six more Tigers snaps .
21 : Games it took Tennessee sophomore defensive back Eric Berry to set the Southeastern Conference career record for interception - return yards with 397 .
He had a 72 - yard return for a touchdown Saturday in a 34 - 3 win against Mississippi State .
30 : Consecutive home wins in Western Athletic Conference play for Boise State , the latest 27 - 7 against defending league champ Hawaii on Friday .
The Broncos have not lost a home WAC game since joining the league in 2001 .
155 : Consecutive pass attempts without an interception by Baylor 's Robert Griffin , the most in Bowl Subdivision history to start a career by a freshman .
Griffin set the mark in a 34 - 6 loss at Oklahoma State , coached by Mike Gundy , who had the old mark of 138 in 1986 .
241 : Yards rushing for Colgate freshman Nate Eachus -- after starting the game at linebacker and recording three tackles , including a sack , in a 38 - 22 victory against Cornell .
He stepped in for Jordan Scott , who suffered an ankle injury in the second quarter .
280 : Games since Washington State had been shut out before its 69 - 0 loss to Southern California , worst by shutout in the program 's 114 - year history .
The Cougars ' scoring streak was the second - longest active in FBS behind Michigan 's 295 .
376 : Career points for Penn State kicker Kevin Kelly , a Big Ten record .
Minnesota 's Dan Nystrom and Iowa's Nate Kaeding had the old mark of 367 .
400 : Combined yards rushing and receiving for Division II Abilene ( Texas ) Christian running back Bernard Scott as the No. 3 Wildcats topped No. 4 West Texas A&M 52 - 34 .
Scott had 259 yards rushing and 141 receiving to go with three touchdowns .
By Craig Bennett , USA TODAY NEW YORK ( AP ) 
The grid is set for the race to the BCS national championship game .
Texas holds the pole position and Alabama is second .
Penn State joins the Longhorns and Crimson Tide in the front row , but the Nittany Lions already might have too much ground to gain .
BCS RANKINGS : Full standings with extended computer ranks
The Longhorns were way ahead of the field when the season 's first Bowl Championship Series standings were released Sunday — as expected .
Texas appears to be in position to play for the national title on Jan. 8 in Miami if it can stay unbeaten .
The top two teams in the final BCS standings play for the championship .
Texas is an overwhelming No. 1 in the USA TODAY Coaches ' Poll and the Harris Poll , and rated first in each of the six computer rankings , giving the Longhorns a BCS grade of .998 out of 1.000 .
Alabama is second across the board , behind Texas in the polls and the computers .
The Crimson Tide has a BCS average of .949 , which bodes well for Alabama .
The Tide will be tough to catch from behind if it can stay unbeaten .
That 's bad news for third - place Penn State .
With an .867 average , the unbeaten Nittany Lions will have to keep winning and hope Texas or Alabama slips .
In fact , fourth - place Oklahoma ( .832 ) might be able to catch Penn State , even if coach Joe Paterno 's team wins out .
Southern California ( .775 ) is fifth , Oklahoma State ( .773 ) sixth and Georgia ( .720 ) is seventh .
Texas Tech ( .713 ) , Ohio State ( .703 ) and Florida ( .699 ) round out the top 10 .
Texas , coming off a 56 - 31 victory against Missouri , plays Oklahoma State and Texas Tech the next two weeks , Kansas down the road , and a Big 12 championship game if it can get there .
Against that schedule , even a loss would not eliminate the Longhorns from championship contention .
" I 'm really proud of how they handled any distractions the No. 1 ranking and all of the added attention could have presented last week , " Texas coach Mack Brown said Sunday .
" But , we have a long way to go and a lot of room to improve .
" Watching film today on Oklahoma State will get your mind off of the ratings in a hurry and definitely will grab our player 's attention as we start to prepare for another great challenge in Big 12 play . "
Similarly , the strength of the Southeastern Conference should benefit Alabama — as long as the Tide can survive .
It was struggle for Alabama on Saturday , as the Tide held on for a 24 - 20 victory against Mississippi .
Penn State plays Ohio State in Columbus on Saturday in a game that could decide the Big Ten .
But after that none of the Nittany Lions ' remaining opponents are ranked .
As for the potential BCS busters , unbeaten Utah ( .634 ) from the Mountain West Conference is 11th and unbeaten Boise State ( .587 ) from the Western Athletic Conference is 12th .
Either would need to finish in the top 12 to earn an automatic BCS bid , but only one team from the five leagues ( MWC , WAC , Conference USA , Sun Belt and MAC ) without automatic qualification can get in that way .
So Utah and Boise State have to keep an eye on each other , too .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
There are plenty of ways to sabotage your personal goals , dreams and desires .
Procrastination , however , is the number one killer .
Procrastinators self - destruct .
They hinder their own potential by placing colossal road - blocks along the path to success .
In other words , they subconsciously choose to fail .
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task .
– William James
#1) Beware of Perfectionism
“ It ’s almost perfect … but not quite there yet .
Just a few more tweaks next week . ”
Sound familiar ?
Perfectionism stirs procrastination .
It ’s one of the easiest ways to blindly justify the act of putting things off .
When you ’re knee deep in preparation , it can be difficult to decide when to stop “ preparing ” and start the process of actually “ doing ” .
Remember , the state of perfection is an opinion .
Trying to verify that everything is subjectively perfect will paralyze you 100 % of the time .
# 2) Start Right Now
The best way to know if you ’re ready is to start right now .
Then , if something is n’t working properly , change it .
That ’s the beauty of progress .
When I started my first side venture a few years ago I wasted a great deal of time waiting for the ideal moment , to get things just right , instead of spending more time on actionable steps to move my ideas forward .
Are you waiting for success to magically blossom like I was ?
Hoping that the stars will align and present you with the perfect moment to act ?
Guess what ?
No moment is better than this moment , so start now !
The only way it will happen is if you make it happen .
So setup your goals , map out the necessary steps and start knocking them off one at a time .
You ’ll be amazed by the power of momentum .
Once you start , it ’s hard to stop .
# 3) Complete 3 Simple Steps Everyday
At first glance , some tasks may seem mind - numbingly overwhelming , thus discouraging you from taking action .
The solution is to break down complex tasks into simple , logical steps .
I ’ve said it before , take one bite of the elephant at a time .
The key to success is the sum of 3 steps a day .
Dedicate yourself to completing 3 simple steps everyday that bring you closer to your goal .
That ’s it .
It may only be 3 steps today , but you ’ll complete 21 steps by this time next week and 84 steps by this time next month .
The more you get done , the faster you ’ll go , the easier it will get , and the closer you will be to your desired end result .
Bottom Line
Your life is short !
Do n’t waste it in a state of procrastination !
Linux is , without a doubt , the most customizable OS on the planet .
Unlike the alternatives , where you can customize the desktop experience with a wallpaper and maybe a set of icons on Linux , you can replace the whole desktop environment if it does n’t look and function as you ’d like .
That ’s why , as you ’ll see , the following desktops use different desktop environments on various distributions .
They ’re equipped with different apps , wallpapers , icons , and docks .
Each looks radically different , tailor - made for their owners , who truly made them their personal desktop .
The common factor between them ?
They all look fantastic and can act as an inspiration , nudging you to replicate them or go on your own adventure to construct your own original desktop , unlike any other .
No Excuse !
Reddit user derob shared his desktop in a Reddit post titled “ I have no excuse for this other than that I ’m overly nostalgic . ”
Although it may not be the heaviest on customization and extras , we admire both the sentiment and his self - deprecating humor .
Even the most fanatic
Windows hater has to agree that the XP look and its default “ bliss ” wallpaper are , by now , the equivalent of pop-art !
Details
Perfect Workflow
Shubhkarmansingh posted on Reddit what he deems a desktop for “ perfect workflow . ”
For anyone interested in what that “ workflow ” might involve , he uses his PC for programming , gaming , music production , and video editing – a multi- faceted desktop for ( and from ) a multi-talented individual .
Details
shubhkarmansingh uses more apps customized for his demands than we could list here .
Find his dotfiles with his configurations instead with a visit here .
He also has this and more wallpapers at his GitHub .
The program that dominates the center screenshot is DaVinci Resolve by Black Magic Design , one of the leading media editing tools on Linux .
Minimal and bright
Reddit user u/SwerveVillechaize said he “ grew a bit weary of dark , convoluted setups and wanted something clean , minimal and bright ” on a post where he showcased his desktop .
Admittedly , a large chunk of customized Linux desktops go for a gloomy and moody look , so it ’s nice finding such a “ lite ” concept .
Details
OS : openSUSE Tumbleweed
WM : KDE
Theme : Inspiration - Light
Icons : Breeze
Wallpaper : Pyramids
Dock : Latte ( Alignment Right )
Miserable now !
“ After putting in weeks , heaven knows I ’m miserable now , ” was the title of Reddit user abhi3o ’s post , with a screenshot of his stunning desktop .
A peek at it , and it ’s simple to get how he feels because what could follow something like this ?
There is much functionality and information displayed in a slick , neat and compact way , while taking advantage of the wallpaper ’s neon colors for the desktop elements accents .
Details
macOS and Miku
Reddit user u/NeoTredix is a fan of both the anime virtual idol / singer Hatsune Miku and the way macOS looks , for he ’s brought both together on his beautiful desktop .
Based on KDE , it takes advantage of the effects Plasma allows , to enhance its visuals with shadows , transparency , round corners , and background blur .
Less than a decade ago we were looking at similar desktops in Hollywood films and chuckling at how they seemed foolishly futuristic .
Now , here we are !
Details
Debian Flames
Glorious in its purity , Reddit user londoed ’s desktop does n’t have to show much as far as customization goes : a simple Cinnamon theme , an ordinary set of icons , and a fairly generic - fashioned wallpaper .
But when those pieces come together …
Remember how Avatar was the first movie that felt like you were gawking at an alien world through a trans - dimensional window ?
The color and shadow combination of all elements evokes a comparable feeling in londoed ’s desktop , with the wallpaper looking like it ’s in a different depth contrasted with the desktop elements , Debian ’s logo hovering in between , center stage but unobtrusive .
Details
Which out of those desktops do you think looks the best ?
Have you customized your desktop to your liking , and do you have any screenshots to share ?
McCain - Palin's hot rhetoric risks GOP backlash Risky rhetoric : Critics fear McCain - Palin ticket 's hostile rallies could incite violence
US Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain ( R ) takes a question from a supporter ( L ) , who called US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama an Arab , during a town hall meeting in Lakeville , Minnesota , October 10 , 2008 .
McCain urged his supporters to stop hurling abuse against Barack Obama at his rallies , saying he admired and respected his Democratic rival .
The stream of vicious attacks against Obama , who has left McCain trailing in the polls ahead of the November 4 vote , was ramped up at the weekend by Palin who accused the Chicago senator of " palling around with terrorists . " less US Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain ( R ) takes a question from a supporter ( L ) , who called US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama an Arab , during a town hall meeting in Lakeville , ... more Photo : JIM WATSON , AFP / Getty Images Photo : JIM WATSON , AFP / Getty Images Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close McCain - Palin's hot rhetoric risks GOP backlash 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Republican Sen. John McCain had long promised American voters that he would be the ultimate maverick presidential candidate and run " a respectful campaign . "
Americans " do n't want us to finger - point and question each other 's character and integrity , " he told Ohio voters just five months ago .
But that was then - before the economy was in free fall and before his Democratic opponent , Sen. Barack Obama , had gained ground in key swing states .
And this is now - the Arizona senator 's campaign is pounding the drum to raise doubts about Obama 's patriotism and what it calls his questionable background , particularly his past relationship with former ' 60s radical Bill Ayers .
With just three weeks to go until Election Day , McCain 's campaign has ramped up expressions of raw Republican anger and frustration as the candidate has battled for traction .
Recent rallies starring McCain and his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , have aired openly hostile and anti-Obama rhetoric - even cries of " terrorist , " " liar , " " off with his head " and " kill them , " which have gone unchallenged from the stage .
On Friday , McCain found himself in a tricky balancing act - booed by supporters at a Minnesota rally when he urged them to " be respectful " of the Illinois senator , even challenging one woman who said she did n't trust Obama because " he 's an Arab . "
" No , ma'am , " McCain responded .
" He 's a decent family man , citizen ; I just happen to have disagreements with ( him ) on fundamental issues . "
Stoking fear and anger
The senator 's attempt to contain his supporters ' passion at a rally was his first in recent weeks , and comes at a time when political observers have targeted Team McCain 's aggressive and increasingly personal attacks on Obama .
They say the campaign has walked the line of being risky - and even irresponsible - in aiming to fire up the GOP base by stoking fear and anger .
" Those rallies are becoming potentially dangerous , " said former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown , who warned that it is high time for the McCain campaign to " tamp down " the anger for safety 's sake .
" I think they are bordering , frankly , on creating a level of anger when McCain loses , there may be the kind of demonstrations we 've seen in San Francisco " when emotions and politics mix violently , Brown said .
He was referring to the " White Night " riot that followed Dan White 's voluntary manslaughter conviction in 1979 for the killings of San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk .
He added that as he watches voters express rage at Obama directly in front of the GOP candidates , " you can imagine the kinds of things going on in the McCain campaign that could whip up something similar if their guy does n't do well . "
William Milliken , a former Republican governor of Michigan and a McCain supporter , also said this week that he is deeply disappointed in the tenor and personal attacks of the current campaign , and the GOP candidate is " not the McCain I endorsed . "
" He keeps saying , ' Who is Barack Obama ? '
I would ask the question , ' Who is John McCain ? ' " Milliken told the Swamp Politics blog .
" Because his campaign has become rather disappointing to me .
...
He ought to be talking about the issues . "
Call for respect
But even as the GOP presidential candidate himself called for respect for his opponent , his surrogates and supporters turned up the heat to raise questions about the patriotism of Obama and his wife , Michelle , as well as their connections to Ayers - even implying possible links to terrorism .
McCain supporter Dewey Stokes , a law enforcement official , in an official McCain - Palin campaign conference call with reporters Friday , appeared to suggest such a connection when he said of Obama : " The candidate has to be straightforward ... telling us if he supports violence .
Then , you know , that may answer a lot of questions for a lot of voters . "
Asked by The Chronicle if he was suggesting Obama or his wife were directly or indirectly involved in terrorism , Stokes strongly denied that .
But he added that " even the flow of funds concern me - as to where you can raise so much money in such a short period of time . "
Obama himself has noted he was just 8 years old when Ayers was active in the Weather Underground , a '60s radical organization , but he has repeatedly and strongly denounced the group and its violent activities .
There have been other lines of attack , as well .
At least one speaker at a McCain rally used Obama 's middle name - Hussein , which many take to be code to imply that he is Muslim .
And an official California Republican party release Friday noted the Obama campaign 's outreach to a Muslim meeting in Virginia , at which it was later learned that several controversial activists were present .
It was headlined with the question : " How many times has the Obama campaign met with groups tied to or connected with terrorist organizations ? "
McCain campaign co-chair Frank Keating was even more direct :
In a radio interview this week with comedian Dennis Miller , he characterized Obama as " a guy of the street " who " used cocaine . "
' Red herring '
Obama , asked about the tactics , said Friday on CNN , " Nothing 's easier than riling up a crowd by stoking anger and division .
But that 's not what we need right now in the United States . "
He said the efforts were a " red herring " intended to distract voters from the economy .
Still , David Gergen of Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , who is also a CNN commentator , warned this week about " the ugliness " of the campaign , particularly rallies where " there is this free - floating sort of whipping around anger that could lead to some violence .
" I think we 're not far from that .
... I really worry when we get people ... when you get the kind of rhetoric that you 're getting at rallies now . "
Gergen cited the current mudslinging tone of the campaign - such as Palin 's repeated charge that Obama associates with " domestic terrorists " - as not serving McCain well .
" They ought to rein her in ... when she is whipping her crowds up and when somebody yells out ' terrorist ' and ' kill him , kill him , ' " he told Comedy Central 's Steven Colbert .
McCain " is a better man that that . "
AFL - CIO President John Sweeney has also warned of fallout .
" In a world where unspeakable violence is too often promulgated by extremists , it is no small or trivial matter to call someone a terrorist - or to incite potentially dangerous individuals toward violence , " he said in a release .
" John McCain , Sarah Palin and Republican leaders are walking a very thin line in pretending not to hear the hateful invectives spewed at their rallies . "
Reaction downplayed
But Rick Davis , senior strategist for the McCain campaign , on Friday downplayed the increasingly heated reaction of voters at McCain rallies in a conference call with reporters , insisting , " I do n't think there 's much to it . "
Asked whether there was potential danger in the ramping up of rhetoric at McCain rallies , Davis said , " Obviously , we do n't know who these folks are .
" Many people are incredibly frustrated .
The level of frustration and anger that is boiling over is just indicative of what 's going on in our country right now , " Davis said .
" I 'm very confident that it has nothing to do with what our candidates are doing and saying on the stump . "
But " our rhetoric pales compares to what Barack Obama is saying every day , " he insisted , adding that " there are some instances occurring at Obama rallies , they just do n't get the kind of attention " from the media .
" I do n't think it 's that big a deal , " Davis said .
Hoover Institution research fellow Bill Whalen said that such efforts by McCain to raise questions about Obama are n't surprising in a time when the Republican has been slammed by the economy - and the unpopularity of George W. Bush .
" McCain is trying to change the narrative in his campaign in any way he can to get it off the economy - and the fear that Obama may be inevitable , " he said .
" Part of that is changing the conversation and to get reporters to write different stories . "
Time to rethink ?
But Cassandra Pye , a Republican and former deputy chief of staff to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger as well as a former political director for the California Chamber of Commerce , said the McCain campaign may need to rethink its strategy of " guilt by association " attacks .
" I 'm not sure these sorts of tactics ultimately achieve any widespread impact .
Independent voters , in particular , have shown repeatedly their distaste for the negative stuff , " Pye said .
" While the attack clearly plays well with the Republican base ... I have to believe most voters find it a little far - fetched and maybe even desperate tactic , " she said .
" Voters who are worried about their jobs and their wallets and portfolios are going to care little about a relationship that is a distant one at best . "
“ Past Performance is No Indication of Future Results ” .
Its a statement attached to every financial salespitch ever offered .
So why is it no one believes it ?
Turn on CNBC , Fox Business , Bloomberg , and every other comment from the “ experts ” mouths are “ historically when the Dow …. fill in the blank … . ” or “ for the last X years , every time the market did X , then Y has happened within Z months ”
Folks , it is different this time .
Until this past year , at no other time in the history of the US Markets has there been Investment Banks investing for their own accounts to the tune of 30 or more to 1 leverage .
At no other time in the history of the Markets are there 17 k mutual funds and more than 10 k hedge funds .
All competing with each other for the right to make a ton of money off of your money .
At no other time in the history of this country did savings fall as far below zero pct of income
At no other time in the history of this country were net effective interest rates as far below zero
At no other time in the history of our markets have the words “ blue chip ” completely lost their meaning .
At no other time in the history of our markets has the money of consumers been so portable and movable between hedge funds and mutual funds .
Which means that at no other time have mutual funds and hedge funds been so susceptible to redemption runs .
At no other time have consumers been so in the dark about what is happening with our funds .
At least George Bailey could see the line at the bank and know what was happening .
We as consumers have zero transparency as to whether or not there is a run on our funds , so we run to take out our money first , just in case .
The result is a virtual run on the fund where we hold our money , except that no one knows about it but the fund itself , and they are n’t going to say a word for fear of making it worse .
At no other times have financial engineers and investors been so in the dark about how bad the runs on funds have been , so we sit on the sidelines , dribbling in cash , not wanting hedge and mutual funds to dump their shares into our bids .
At no other time have their been 3 financial news networks and thousands of websites providing so much financial information and opinion .
The sum of which has definitely lead us into a situation of “ Paralysis by Bullshitalysis ” .
Everyone is afraid to buy .
Everyone is afraid to sell or short .
Sales forced by de-leveraging is the catalyst for the market .
However , there are so few buyers , the de-leveraging sales are taking forever .
Who knows what the new normal is .
No one has any idea what is going to happen in this market .
NO ONE .
Personally , I am completely hedged .
I bought puts , sold them .
Sold Puts , bought them back , then decided to hedge every long dollar and then some with big puts on the market .
This allowed me to be protected on the down side , and tip toe on the long side .
As stocks go down , my hedge allows me to buy more of the stocks I like .
If the market takes off on the up side , hopefully my longs will more than cover the cost of my puts .
If the market does nothing .
I ’m stuck right where I am , with my puts losing time value every day .
Maybe it will work , maybe it wo n’t .
What I do know is this , everyone is a genius in a bullmarket .
The last 5 years , that was n’t a stock market .
THIS is a stockmarket .
This time it is different .
This may just be the new normal .
For millions of people in the UK , anti-terror legislation is rather distant , its finer points discussed only by politicians , specialist lawyers and the like .
We hear about attempts to introduce tough laws ; we hear about new arrests , and we get on with our lives .
But for my friend Hicham and me , the force of the new anti-terror legislation suddenly became a harsh reality .
Our arrests have implications for the rights of individuals in Britain to read legally available open - source documents free from the fear of arrest .
May 14 2008 .
A postgraduate international relations student at the University of Nottingham and a principle administrator in the modern languages department ( also a former postgraduate student at the university ) , Rizwaan Sabir and Hicham Yezza , were arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
I type this sentence , and despite everything , I still find it difficult to comprehend the arrests .
We were detained for six days , unable to see our family or friends on suspicion of being involved in the " commission , preparation , or instigation " of an act of terrorism .
Our homes were raided and my terrified family evicted from their home .
The operation , codenamed Minerva , was led by the West Midlands counter - terrorism unit and involved 26 police officers , forensic experts , three police raids , and thousands of pounds of hard - earned taxpayers ' money .
After failing to find justification to detain me any longer , on day six of our ordeal , I was released without a charge , without an apology ; but with a police warning against accessing an openly available , widely cited al - Qaida document considered relevant to my postgraduate research by me and my academic supervisors .
I was only put under threat of future arrest , but Hicham 's terrifying detention was prolonged by the authorities , under immigration charges – his ordeal continues to this very day .
What was our offence ?
Our offence was that we had in our possession an edited version of a document referred to as the " al - Qaida training manual " .
A document freely available on the US Department of Justice website and that of the Federation of American Scientists .
A document widely available elsewhere on official and unofficial internet sites , in either edited or full versions .
A document purchasable in paperback from Amazon .
A document I had downloaded months ago for my masters dissertation and upcoming PhD .
A document a lecturer knew I was consulting .
A document I had sent months ago to Hicham who was helping me draft my PhD proposal .
A document many other academics and students studying terrorism will have had in their possession .
A document extensively cited in books on terrorism .
A bog - standard source .
Nothing extraordinary or remarkable about its possession – one would think .
Once placed under arrest in the car park of the University 's Trent building , I naively thought I would be released in a few hours , that it was all a terrible misunderstanding or a sick joke .
We were taken to Bridewell police station ( a small specialised prison complex consisting of approximately 90 cells ) and placed in a cell .
I was informed that a warrant would soon be issued and my house would be raided .
I had still not been told the reason for my arrest .
For the suspected " terrorists " ( Hicham and me ) , they had sealed off the entire second floor of the prison .
We were kept in solitary confinement .
Our only human contact – apart from the detention officers and my lawyer – was with a judge that smiled down on us whilst stamping an authorisation order for a further five days detention .
For the first 12 hours I was incommunicado .
For the first 2 days I was on a 24 - hour watch .
Two officers sat outside my open cell door , watching my every move and making notes in a custody log .
I could n't sleep .
I could n't eat .
I was too scared to pray , lest that be used against me .
My property was seized , forensically examined , and my family evicted .
My car was compounded and my friends and lecturers repeatedly questioned .
I was photographed , fingerprinted , foot - printed and DNA - swabbed .
It was the first time in my life I had felt so criminalised and degraded .
I was interviewed once a day , except for the last day , when I sat through two mind - numbing interviews .
I was asked my opinion of the training manual , whether I had used it , or was planning on using it , or whether I had disseminated it .
I was asked if I had ever travelled to Pakistan , Iraq , Afghanistan or Turkey ( obviously the lack of stamps in my passport were n't enough to convince them ) , whether I had ever been camping , or was planning a camping trip .
I was questioned about September 11 and asked to explain what I thought of al - Qaida .
The interviews got more absurd with time .
I was questioned about journal articles in my bedroom from Foreign Affairs and World Politics , photographs I had taken of friends with Edinburgh Castle in the background , and questioned about cheesy pop CDs from the early 1990s – embarrassingly – discovered in my bedroom .
Unfettered questioning and microscopic searches for six days did not produce any evidence , and I was released without charge .
The police had finally realised I was a postgraduate student studying terrorism ; not a member of an al - Qaida sleeper - cell .
Bill Rammell , the higher education minister , has made it clear , in his speeches and through his department 's guidance to universities , that academic freedom is important and that it is vital that academics and students should be able to study terrorism .
Nevertheless , in apparent contravention of the government guidance , the police threatened me with further detention if I used the document for my research .
I would like to say my freedom to research had the full backing of my University authorities , but unfortunately they appear unwilling to uphold the right of their students to read and study legal , openly available documents free from the fear of arrest .
My feeling upon release was sheer relief and happiness ; the joy of freedom and the pleasure of seeing my loved ones was something I had never encountered before .
But beneath it all lay terrifying thoughts and questions ; what would have happened if I had been charged ?
How would I have coped in a maximum - security prison ?
The answers to these questions still haunt me today .
The authorities have a tough job fighting terrorism .
But locking away innocent people without prior investigation ( for what may soon be 42 days ) to later release them without charge is certainly not the way .
It is not the way to make Britain safer .
It is not the way to bring a multicultural and multiracial society together .
It is not the way to unit British citizens against terrorism , but it is a way of setting a very worrying precedent that might achieve just the opposite .
Detaining people who have actually committed a crime of which there is evidence is understandable , but detaining those against whom there is no evidence is not .
The fated Mayan civilisation thrived for centuries in the south American jungle , but was ultimately doomed .
The ruins of their empire are a reminder of their fall
The FBI on Wednesday arrested a 66 - year - old man in Sacramento on suspicion of mailing 120 hoax anthrax packets , including one to the San Diego Union - Tribune .
Marc Keyser was arrested without incident .
No alleged motive was announced .
A packet marked as anthrax arrived at the San Diego newspaper along with a CD with the name Colin Powell scrawled on it .
The FBI and San Diego Fire Department shut down the employee entrance to the newspaper .
A field test determined the contents were not anthrax , authorities said .
Other packets were sent to media organizations , a congressional office and at least two restaurants , authorities said .
According to the FBI , each of the packages contained a CD titled “ Anthrax : Shock & Awe Terror . ”
Attached to the CD was a sugar packet containing a white powdery substance and a label depicting an orange biohazard symbol and the words “ Anthrax Sample . ”
Several of the packages were collected and sent to the FBI laboratory in Quantico , Va. , for processing .
So far , none of the contents have tested positive for biohazardous material , the FBI said .
Authorities said it was likely that many other mailings will be received over the next few days .
Recipients of the mailings are advised to contact their local FBI office so that the packages can be collected and preserved as evidence .
Keyser ’s arrest was not connected to another series of powder - hoax mailings sent to financial institutions recently , according to the FBI .
Keyser was arrested at his residence without incident and was in custody at the Sacramento County Jail .
He is scheduled to appear in federal court Thursday afternoon .
Perry is a Times staff writer .
tony.perry@latimes.com
" There has been a real revolution in luxury chocolate , as there was with wine a few years ago .
People are much more knowledgeable about it and there is a growing demand for these high quality , exotic products instead of a box of Milk Tray . "
Citigroup is in serious trouble .
The storied institution with $ 2 trillion in assets has seen its shares collapse and its reputation is in tatters as it goes cap in hand to the U.S. government for a bailout .
Indeed , a solution must be found as Citi is a monster of a bank , three times the size of Lehman Brothers , whose collapse caused untold damage two months ago .
As I write this , Citigroup is meeting with U.S. Government officials to hammer out an agreement to set the firm on the right path .
We can only hope these talks bear fruit .
However , the crisis at Citi highlights a number of other issues endemic to fractional reserve banking and panics that should have been addressed much earlier in this crisis .
Yet again , a lack of foresight by authorities and a slowness to develop a comprehensive solution have led us again to a potentially cataclysmic loss of confidence in our banking system and much unnecessary heartache .
Fractional Reserve Banking
Let ’s start all of this with a brief overview of why investor and depositor confidence is so critical in banking , more so than in any other industry .
Wikipedia does a excellent job of summing up what Fractional reserve banking is .
Fractional - reserve banking is the banking practice in which banks are required by governments to keep only a fraction of their deposits in reserve ( as cash and other highly liquid assets ) with the choice of lending out the remainder , while maintaining the simultaneous obligation to redeem all deposits immediately upon demand .
This practice is universal in modern banking .
The crux here is that banks never have all of their deposits in reserve .
Most of a bank ’s deposits are lent out as credit .
If every depositor came rushing back to any bank in most any country in order to demand access to their funds , the bank would quickly be declared insolvent .
No bank can withstand a determined run on its deposits because they do not have ready access to the deposits .
This dilemma is usually called “ borrowing short and lending long ” meaning that banks always suffer from an asymmetry between how quickly depositors can withdraw their funds and how quickly the banks can access the funds they have lent out .
This is the Achilles heel of banking .
Insuring Confidence
What we have learnt over time is that the best way to avoid exposing our Achilles heel is to set up mechanisms to prevent a loss of confidence in specific institutions or the banking system more generally .
These mechanisms include :
Minimum reserve ratios .
All banking systems require that depositary institutions have a minimum amount of deposits on hand in order to meet depositor demand for cash .
In fact , it is standard practice for these reserves to be held for safekeeping at the central bank and not at the bank itself in order to further safeguard the monies .
Regulation .
Banking systems have strict guidelines about lending practices .
Violators will be stripped of their banking license and shut down to protect the integrity of the system .
One common complaint of the recent mania is that laissez - faire orthodoxy seduced regulators into believing that the free market could discipline poor lending practices without strong regulatory oversight .
Diverse funding sources .
Banks often borrow money in the form of repurchase agreements , commercial paper and debentures which have longer maturities , meaning the bank does not have to repay the money lent “ on demand . ”
Traditionally , banks were funded by demand deposits , which gave depositors the right to demand their funds in full at any time .
However , as debt markets have become more liquid , a number of different funding sources have become available .
Deposit guarantees .
When bank runs wiped out the U.S. banking system in the 1930s , the U.S. Government decided to partially backstop banks by guaranteeing all individuals ’ deposits up to a specified amount .
Presently , that means that every individual theoretically has a $ 250,000 guarantee .
Panics and Bailouts
So , when panic strikes — as it always does eventually , the theory is that the aforementioned measures will calm otherwise jittery investors and depositors .
And this has generally been true ever since deposit guarantees were established during the 1930s .
A perfect example of this came in the 1980s .
During that decade it became evident that Savings & Loans institutions were not being well regulated , had taken on too much risk , and did not have adequate returns to maintain solvency .
The result : panic and bank runs .
I remember the bank runs in Maryland , where I lived .
In fact , Maryland is where the S&L crisis really began in 1985 because depositors started to panic that some S&Ls were privately insured .
Depositors worried that this insurance was insufficient to cover their deposits , so they rushed to get their money out .
The funny thing about fractional reserve banking and runs is that once enough people start pulling their money out of a bank , everyone is incented to do so .
Remember , only a fraction ( 10 % ) of deposits are actually on hand .
If you think enough people are taking deposits out , you want to be one of the 10 % that actually is able to access funds before insolvency comes .
In the case of the bank runs that started in Maryland and Ohio , the panic started to spread .
As fear is the overriding emotion driving psychology during a panic , events become unpredictable and systemic risk becomes an ugly possibility .
The authorities eventually had to step in and offer a comprehensive solution by bailing out the entire Savings and Loan system to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars .
Our present crisis
Fast forward to the present day and one can easily find a number of prognosticators warning of systemic risk and the need for comprehensive solutions .
Nouriel Roubini has been calling for action for a number of years .
Dean Baker is another .
In March , when Bear Stearns was bailed out , U.S. authorities had an opportunity to start a comprehensive plan .
I pointed to the Nordic bailouts in the 1990s as a good blueprint for the U.S. and the U.K. in earlier posts as far back as June .
Then , with the failure of IndyMac , the conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the U.S. authorities had yet more opportunities to recognize the seriousness of the crisis .
Yet they dragged their feet and none has been offered .
The crux of the matter is that we are dealing with a panic and systemic risk .
When Lehman Brothers failed , faith in the banking system in all western countries suffered devastating damage .
In these circumstances , anything can happen .
Authorities need to forestall worst case scenarios by acting sooner than later .
Now , admittedly , much has been done to mitigate worst case scenarios , but most of it has been one - off ad - hoc solutions .
My solution from a post in September went as follows :
An explicit government guarantee of deposits to end the worry about the solvency of the banking system .
An independent agency to shut down , merge and liquidate insolvent banks .
The independent RTC - like agency will make the determination for every single bank .
The banks themselves will have zero say in the determination of the independent agency .
The faster the liquidation process is complete , the sooner confidence will be restored .
Separation of good assets from bad assets , not by buying them up at inflated prices , but by sticking bad assets into separate a separate “ bad bank ” entity at market prices .
This will bolster banks ’ counter - party confidence .
Recapitalization of remaining solvent banks .
This can happen through private monies .
But , if necessary the government can get preferred shares or warrants or what have you .
That way the solvent banks are re-capitalized and taxpayers get the upside .
Increased regulation .
Obviously this is what the public wants .
Unless we can show how we are going to stop this from happening again , there will be little support .
The new regulation may merely need to be explicit oversight of regulators by Congress as much of the problem is not the need for new regulation but enforcement of the regulations we already have .
While we need this to get the bill supported , I am skeptical about the need for more regulation .
Cap on pay .
The independent agency will determine who needs additional capital and who does n’t .
Banks should be given a chance to raise capital in the private sector for a fixed number of days .
Banks that need capital injections from the government will not have a say on pay caps as this will be mandated .
Again , we have seen that people want this pay cap .
Defense against politicization of the process .
Having Hank Paulson or his successor controlling the crisis resolution process is setting the United States up for a politicization of the process .
The regulator must be an independent body free of all political influence .
With the real economy now in free - fall , loss of confidence is back — and Citigroup is the most obvious loser .
Citigroup is an enormous institution that is obviously too big to fail .
Yet , here we are with Citi on the verge of collapse and one must wonder whether a more comprehensive approach might have prevented this outcome .
Obviously Hank Paulson thought $ 25 billion was going to be enough to see Citi through .
What will it take for authorities to move to a more comprehensive bailout plan ?
Will the crisis at Citi be a watershed event for U.S. finance ?
I am still hopeful , but time is running out .
Source
Fractional - reserve banking – Wikipedia
The $ 700 billion Paulson Plan is dead on arrival
I was wrong : here ’s my new plan
Published online 26 November 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1257
News
As melting ice uncovers natural resources , Greenlanders vote to step closer to independence .
Greenlanders are hoping that global warming will make their country 's oil and mineral wealth more accessible .
NASA
Greenland 's residents have voted overwhelmingly to take a step closer to full independence .
The move towards gaining the full status of ' country ' has been spurred not just by feelings of national pride , many say , but by climate change .
Greenland has long been an administrative division of Denmark , with powers of home - rule in areas such as health - care and education since 1979 .
Many have pushed for further economic and foreign - policy independence , but this has been hampered by the fact that Greenland currently obtains nearly half of its governmental budget — around 3 billion kroner ( $ 520 million ) per year — from Denmark .
Today , less than 20 % of Greenland is free of ice — that 's some 410,000 square kilometres in a disjointed strip around the edge .
More than a quarter of the 57,000 - strong population lives in the capital Nuuk , with no roads to connect smaller communities separated by ice .
The CIA world fact book lists their economy as critically dependent on fisheries and subsidies , with 0 % arable land and no proven oil and gas reserves .
But melting ice is bringing bounty — and bounty hunters — to Greenland 's shores .
There is improving agriculture and hopes for better fisheries catches , more mineral mining opportunities and better access to potentially vast offshore oil and gas reserves .
Greenlanders are gambling that there 's gold in their future , and want to secure economic independence ( and the right to further profits from natural resources ) before that gold is found .
Fish and chips
Greenland is warming twice as fast as the rest of the world1 .
In the south , farmers now grow crops such as potatoes , which would have been laughable a decade ago .
The major fisheries resource — shrimp — is moving north as waters warm , but halibut takes are on the rise and cod may be recovering .
A 2007 review of the economic impact of climate change on Greenland 's fisheries concluded the effects are " highly likely to be positive and quite substantial " 2 .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) estimates that there may be the equivalent of 17 billion barrels of oil ( as oil or natural gas ) lurking beneath the seabed west of Greenland , and 31 billion barrels to the east .
" There are significant resources there , in our opinion .
But there 's a lot of uncertainty in the Arctic , " says Brenda Pierce , coordinator of the USGS Energy Resources Program .
Should their GREENLANDARCTIC_slideshow.swf " > estimates be correct , it would make the eastern Greenland oil and gas cache the 19th largest in the world , ranking ahead of provinces including Alaska , for example , which sits at spot 24 .
In January 2008 , Greenland 's Bureau of Mines and Petroleum awarded its first oil and gas leases , for areas off its west coast , which is already free of sea ice for much of the year .
Dramatic declines are expected in sea ice ; they anticipate a similar lease sale for the east coast in 2012 .
Rock stars
Greenland is also rich , in principle , with metals and gemstones , including diamonds and rubies .
Development has been slow – there are only two working mines on the island – but exploration is gearing up .
The ratio of rock to glacier is not expected to change substantially , but new areas are opening as inland ice retreats , according to geologist Henrik Stendal of Greenland 's Bureau of Minerals and Petroleum in Nuuk .
Right now , Angus & Ross , an exploration and mining company based in the United Kingdom , has an exploration license for a new Maarmorilik zinc - lead mine in the Uummannaq district , and London Mining is exploring the iron ore possibilities in Isua , near Nuuk .
ADVERTISEMENT
" Mineral exploration companies are aware of global warming ; they 're just waiting to see what happens , " says Harold Newman , who is in charge of the USGS assessment of Greenland 's mineral resources .
" Companies are looking at 10 - 15 years from now . "
Locals are encouraged to get into the action too : a uniquely Greenlandic competition called the Ujarassiorit , translating as ' go and look for rocks ' , sees residents compete annually to find the rock with the greatest mineral potential .
Of course , the melting of Greenland 's ice spells potential disaster for millions of people living in low - lying areas around the world , and is just one symptom of the planet 's dangerous transition to a warmer climate .
But for the people of Greenland , the local effects could bring them wealth and financial independence – most probably in the form of oil , which will make the world warmer yet .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve on Tuesday said it would begin buying the short - term debt many companies use to fund their day - to - day operations , its latest emergency move to try to restore credit flows and protect the economy .
The central bank is creating a facility to buy commercial paper because investors such as money market mutual funds have increasingly shied away from this form of corporate debt , a damaging economic development .
“ The volume of outstanding commercial paper has shrunk , interest rates on longer term commercial paper have increased significantly , and an increasingly high percentage of outstanding paper must now be refinanced each day , ” the Fed said in announcing the program with the blessing of the Treasury .
The Treasury believes the Commercial Paper Funding Facility is necessary to prevent “ substantial disruptions ” to financial markets and the economy , the Fed said .
To support the facility , the Treasury will make a deposit of funds at the New York Federal Reserve Bank , with Fed officials saying the size of the deposit would be substantial .
Officials said the program , which will buy only top- rated commercial paper , would be up and running soon but probably not in a matter of days .
Its size would depend on details yet to be worked out with financial market participants , Fed staff told reporters .
Of $ 1.75 trillion in commercial paper outstanding in August , eligible issuers accounted for $ 1.3 trillion .
But the central bank does not intend to buy anywhere near that amount , the officials said .
UNSECURED DEBT
The central bank ’s unusual move to buy debt that is not collateralized could help thaw frozen credit markets .
“ It will certainly help to improve confidence in the short - term funding markets , ” said Derrick Wulf , a portfolio manager for Dwight Asset Management in Burlington , Vermont .
“ It ’s pretty unprecedented for a central bank to buy unsecured debt . ”
But some analysts worried that yet another emergency Fed buying spree , announced a scant four days after Congress approved a $ 700 billion financial bailout package , smacked of desperation .
“ The Fed is back to ‘ whack a mole ’ again because that ’s the problem of the day , ” said Bob Andres , chief investment strategist for Portfolio Management Consultants in Philadelphia .
“ When you scramble , you do n’t instill confidence . ”
The U.S. stock market , which had opened higher as the Fed ’s announcement help calm jittery nerves on Wall Street , soon gave back those initial gains and were down in late - morning trade .
Prices for U.S. Treasury bonds fell as investors held back from buying safe - haven government securities .
The Federal Reserve Building is reflected on a car in Washington September 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
The dollar and yen fell as investor appetite for risk increased , and markets scaled back bets of a big Fed rate cut soon , as indicated by short - term interest rate futures .
The U.S. commercial paper market contracted dramatically for a third straight week last week , according to Fed data , as business lending and borrowing effectively shut down .
The weekly drop was the largest in at least seven years .
Over a quarter of the market has disappeared since the start of the global credit crisis in the summer of 2007 .
LIQUIDITY BACKSTOP
The Fed said a special - purpose vehicle will be established to buy three - month unsecured and asset - backed commercial paper directly from eligible issuers .
The Fed would buy only the highest - quality commercial paper at a spread over the three - month overnight indexed - swap rate , a measure of anticipated central bank - set interest rates .
The debt would have to be secured to the Fed ’s satisfaction through a fee , collateral or some other means .
The Fed expressed hope that the new facility , by eliminating risk about whether eligible issuers would be able to repay investors , would encourage resumption of normal term lending in the commercial paper market .
The special purpose vehicle will stop buying commercial paper on April 30 , 2009 , unless the Fed decides to extend the program .
But the Fed said it will keep funding the vehicle until any assets that it holds have matured .
" The jury saw through your lies and you stand there exposed as a heartless and contemptible man who abducted and raped an attractive 17 - year - old girl with everything to live for and then callously and quite premeditatedly took her life so she would not be able to point the finger of guilt at you . "
But How Would We Know ?
The State Uses 100 % Unverifiable Voting Machines
America Needs to Wake Up to Election Reform ...
Katherine Forrest Byon
11/19/2008 , 9:56 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Katherine Forrest of The Commonweal Institute
Why Georgia ?
There 's strongly suggestive evidence that the 2002 senatorial election in Georgia was stolen .
That was the first election in which Diebold DRE ( Direct Recording Electronic , usually touch - screen ) voting machines were used statewide .
Republican Saxby Chambliss beat front runner Democrat Max Cleland , with an astounding 12 - point reversal of the vote count compared to pre-election polls .
A last - minute " patch " had been applied covertly by Diebold staff to multiple voting machines throughout the state .
Now the Senate race hangs in the balance in Georgia again ...
Incumbent Saxby Chambliss is facing a strong Democratic challenger , Democrat Jim Martin , in a run-off election on December 2 .
And guess what -- Georgians still vote on Premier Election Systems ( the new name for Diebold ) DRE voting machines without even a voter verifiable paper audit trail .
This race affects the whole country , not just Georgia .
Democrats are seeking a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate so they 'll be able to pass legislation to correct some of the disasters of the past eight years .
As of today , they hold 58 of the 60 seats needed .
This makes the upcoming Georgia and still - undecided Minnesota races critical .
It 's time for America to wake up .
In a democracy , citizens ' ultimate power - - our only true power -- lies in our ability to vote , and have our votes counted correctly .
We do n't only vote for those we might like to have lead us , we also vote OUT of office those who are not serving the needs of the people .
One of the top priorities for the next Congress and the incoming administration should be to sort out this voting mess once and for all .
No more unverifiable DREs .
No more blocking citizen observers from the vote tallying process .
No elections without automatic audits of a substantial percentage of the ballots .
No more outsourcing our elections to corporations .
No more disenfranchisement , caging , and other tricks to keep citizens from voting .
We 're supposed to be the leading democracy in the world , a model for others ; let 's make that more than wishful thinking .
And in the meantime , keep your fingers crossed that Georgia wo n't be stolen again .
Cross-postedat The Commonweal Institute Blog
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Comcast Corp has been ordered to change how it manages its broadband network after U.S. communications regulators concluded some of its tactics unreasonably restrict Internet users who share movies and other material .
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts speaks at his keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Nevada January 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
In a precedent - setting decision , the five - member Federal Communications Commission voted 3 - 2 to uphold a complaint accusing Comcast of violating the FCC ’s open - Internet principles by improperly hindering peer - to - peer traffic .
“ Subscribers should be able to go where they want , when they want , and generally use the Internet in any legal means , ” FCC Chairman Kevin Martin said in a statement .
Comcast said it was disappointed by the decision and was considering all its “ legal options . ”
The ruling by the FCC does not include any fines against Comcast .
But it requires the company to cease impeding peer - to - peer applications , to tell the FCC how the practice has been used , and to notify customers about other network management practices it adopts in the future .
The complaint against Comcast was filed by consumer groups who said the company had blocked file - sharing services , such as BitTorrent , that distribute TV shows and movies .
The case has become a flash point for a growing debate over a concept known as “ network neutrality , ” which pits open - Internet advocates against some Internet service providers , who say they need to take reasonable steps to manage ever - growing traffic on their networks for the good of all users .
RETURN TO SENDER
Comcast has said its network management practices were a reasonable choice and has argued that the FCC does not have the authority to enforce its open - Internet policy .
Martin likened Comcast ’s network management to “ the post office opening your mail , deciding they did n’t want to bother delivering it , and hiding that fact by sending it back to you stamped ‘ address unknown -- return to sender ’ . ”
Martin said the technique ran afoul of the FCC because it was too sweeping and was not disclosed to customers .
He said Comcast ’s justification for using it -- that it is needed to manage network congestion -- did not add up .
Martin said he was especially troubled because the file - sharing targeted by Comcast was a potential competitive threat to the company ’s own video services .
He said that if the FCC failed to take action in the Comcast case , it could provoke lawmakers in Congress to slap even more explicit rules on broadband providers .
Rival network operators Verizon and AT&T issued statements immediately after the vote saying the FCC ’s action showed that there is no need for Congress to intervene .
“ We have argued repeatedly that there is no need for federal legislation in this area , and today ’s FCC action proves that point , ” AT&T senior executive vice president Jim Cicconi said in a statement .
Joining Martin to uphold the complaint were the FCC ’s two Democratic commissioners , Michael Copps and Jonathan Adelstein .
However , the decision drew sharp dissents from Martin ’s two fellow Republicans , Robert McDowell and Deborah Taylor Tate .
They said it was overly intrusive , and worried that it might inhibit broadband providers from cracking down on illegal content like child pornography and pirated material .
McDowell and Tate said the agency should have allowed Comcast and its critics to iron out their dispute without intervention by the government .
They noted that Comcast had already reached an agreement with critics to change the way it manages its network and cooperate with BitTorrent and others .
“ For the first time , today our government is choosing regulation over collaboration when it comes to Internet governance , ” McDowell said .
“ The ( FCC ) majority has thrust politicians and bureaucrats into engineering decisions . ” ( Reporting by Peter Kaplan , editing by Tim Dobbyn )
Skip to comments .
MESSAGE TO DEMONRATS ( politicians , members , media , entertainers )
bushfamfan |
11/04/08 | bushfamfan
Posted on by bushfamfan
There will undoubtedly be Demonrats and their criminal cohorts checking in here and reveling in Republicans / conservatives upset about this ' election ' .
I would like to tell them exactly what this ' election ' means and what THEY can expect .
TOPICS :
Crime / Corruption
Government
News / Current Events
Your Opinion / Questions
KEYWORDS :
antichrist
demonrats
election
obama
It has come to this .
A strong , inspiring , sacrificing , free nation that made its way as the beacon of the world has come crashing down from within .
And it will come down under Demonrats ; people ( 99 % ) who have never done anything but find fault with and want to change its path one to a socialist state and undermine its elections through deliberate fraud and any means to gain their power and the party who presents weakness to our enemies .
Your indoctrinations have gone well with education , media , entertainment feeding nonstop on Republicans / conservatives and how the Demonrats are for the ' poor , middle class ' and evil Republicans are warmongers and for the ' rich ' and on and on .
Well , your stereotype is about to be shattered .
MEDIA , OPRAH , HOLLYWEIRD , ENTERTAINMENT , THE IDIOTS WHO VOTED FOR 'CHANGE ' CAN OWN OBAMA AND THE DEMONRAT CONGRESS .
It is now a one - party , corrupt country .
It is the Union of Socialists of America .
And you will succeed in mock ' elections ' unchecked and will add criminals , those favorable to you in the voter rolls , but the facts of life under your utopia will build righteous hate at how this is not what you said you were about and you will finally get your karma for your treatment of Reagan , Bush 41& OF COURSE 43 , Palin , etc .
I am such a history buff and just walked the battlefields of Gettysburg two months ago and it now kills me to know that I am witnessing the death of America .
It will go down , but I will continue to voice my opinion and ready to protest or do what may to point to the crooks who need to be reminded they will not have everyone submit to their lies and injustice .
Within one yr. people are going to miss Bush .
But we will not recover from this and their ' mistake ' will not be righted .
So , Congrats Demonrats for taking America down as you will .
It 's all on you and we are about to be a case study like the Roman Empire .
To : bushfamfan
All I can say is : Democrats ,
If you ban guns , we will ban you from life .
To : bushfamfan
Like I say , Obama had his list of entertainers - Oprah , Springsteen , Speilberg and let us not forget the press has been nonstop for Obama .
He is theirs .
Our fate is tied to their criminal behavior and telling people how great Demonrats and Obama are .
The lie will end this time , but it will be too late .
There are going to be a lot of people who will not be too pleased at the lies they were fed by these people .
by 3 posted onby bushfamfan ( United States of America : July 4 , 1776 - November 4 , 2008 )
To : bushfamfan
The marxist bastards are riding the tiger now .
Lets see how long they can keep on it ’s back and out of it ’s stomach ...
by 4 posted onby Dr.Zoidberg ( " Shut the hell up , New York Times , you sanctimonious whining jerks ! " - Craig Ferguson )
To : Dr.Zoidberg
Not for long because their usefulness is over .
They will join the rank and file .
by 5 posted onby freekitty ( Give me back my conservative vote . )
To : bushfamfan
I ’ve got something to say to the Commie whores too !
I ’m not leaving .
I ’m not “ moving to Canada ” or “ moving to Italy . ”
I ’m going to stay right here and fight for my country and my Constitution !
It ’s something I ’ve done all of my life .
Deal with it piggies !
You thought this country has been divided for the last 8 years .
You ai n’t seen divided .
by 6 posted onby FlingWingFlyer ( I 'm voting for McCain / Palin so I can look my grandchildren in the eyes when I tell them I 'm sorry . )
To : bushfamfan
Senator Joe McCarthy is rolling in his grave .
by 7 posted onby longfellow ( Bill Maher , the 21st hijacker . )
To : struggle
My wife said tonight “ I cant believe we elected a Black man ” .
I said “ I do n’t give a crap about his race , I care that he is going to take away our freedoms . ”
I will fight with every breath I have to avert any infringment on my rights .
Even if I have to die I am an american before I am white .
To : freekitty
And I ’ll say it could n’t happen to a more deserving bunch .
by 9 posted onby Dr.Zoidberg ( " Shut the hell up , New York Times , you sanctimonious whining jerks ! " - Craig Ferguson )
To : bushfamfan
great summation bushfamfan , best post of the month .
I agree , the last 40 years or so of the liberal indoctrination centers , AKA as the public school system , has payed off for the socialists and this muslim racist POS hussein will never be my president .
my thoughts and prayers will continue to go to our brave military men and women , never to this marxist America hater .
To : bushfamfan
We need 2 bumper stickers : Impeach the Communist I want my free stuff ... NOW !
To : Dr.Zoidberg
no they are n't The media will cover their butts and blame “ reactionary elements ” aka us ... for any misstep
We are below 1992 levels after all of the efforts and work many of us did .
Fairness doctrine will put us further behind taking away the most effective communication outlet in talk radio .
It is as if nothing has been accomplished over the past 20 years .
Only thing left is to buy Sirius at bargain basement prices
by 12 posted onby slapshot ( " " USAF - when you absolutely , positively need it delivered on target , on time , right away )
To : struggle
People think it ’s crazy to think that , but those who are well informed know that ’s exactly what they ’ve stood for and what they will aim for .
This is going to be a disaster on so many levels and injustice will rein in this radical hell hole .
And mock ‘ elections ’ will keep them in power along with select added voters who want criminal rights or to take what they can get illegally entered ‘ immigrants ’ with loyalties elsewhere .
This is pure hell on earth and everyone suffers here .
It should be evident that Demonrats are atheists because they are so unconscionable about having to answer for what they do .
by 13 posted onby bushfamfan ( United States of America : July 4 , 1776 - November 4 , 2008 )
To : FlingWingFlyer
How are like minded people going to communicate when sites like this are shut down and censured under the new Hitler .
Do you think he will let places like this exist ?
A place that would dare criticize him ?
To : FlingWingFlyer
Amen
To : FlingWingFlyer
We can actually learn from Demonrats how to protest , organize , indoctrinate , etc .
I am ready to take to the streets and document the actions of this government .
by 16 posted onby bushfamfan ( United States of America : July 4 , 1776 - November 4 , 2008 )
To : Dr.Zoidberg
I agree completely .
The demon they unleashed tonight will turn on them after he first comes after us .
They will rue the day they abdicated their responsibility as the objective journalists who let us decide .
They were in the tank for him from day one .
Now , they will get to explain his radical agenda to a disbelieving public as they ponder the serious mistake they have made .
This will be worse than the Carter years and I doubt we will survive them .
God help us .
To : longfellow
It does seem McCarthy was on to something now , does n’t it ?
They have done their job through entertainment , media , education with indoctrination .
There are so many now rolling in their graves .
What has the sacrifice come to when it is taken down from within and will suffer irreparably from without from the treason of those from within ?
by 18 posted onby bushfamfan ( United States of America : July 4 , 1776 - November 4 , 2008 )
To : rtbwood
Our response ?
Quite simple , really : RESISTANCE !
by 19 posted onby fabjr60 ( I do not need your approval to honor my ancestors ; Deo Vindice )
To : bushfamfan
Our fate is tied to their criminal behavior Posting to this site will be criminal behavior inside of a year .
See tagline .
by 20 posted onby j_tull ( Jerimiah Wright 's prayer has been answered .
God has damned America . )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
‘ Handedness ’ theories even draw from world history
Curiosity Corner
by
Dr. Jerry D. Wilson
Emeritus Professor of Physics
Lander University
reprinted with permission
Question :
Why are some people right - handed and some left - handed ?
( Asked by a curious “ lefty . ” )
Reply : Most animals have a preferred paw or hand to perform tasks , but it appears that only humans have a species preference for the right hand .
About 90 percent of the human population is predominantly right - handed .
Of the other 10 percent , some are predominantly left - handed ( perhaps up to 8 percent ) , while the others are ambidextrous — capable of using either hand about equally as well .
It is not known why some people are right - handed and others are left - handed .
There have been studies and theories concerning association with the right and left parts of the brain , and even that handedness may be partially genetic .
However , as far as I know , there is no conclusive scientific answer .
The vast majority of right - hand preference may indeed be due to social pressure resulting from historical cultural effects .
For example , it has been speculated that the right got the upper hand because the heart lies on the left side of the body .
In battle , one would carry a shield with the left hand so as to better protect the heart , while the right hand did the activity of wielding a sword or some other weapon .
The Romans were very right - hand oriented .
They adopted the right - hand handshake ( to show there was no weapon in the fighting hand ) , and , of course , giving a breast salute to the heart is easier to do with the right hand with the heart on the left side of the body .
The Roman right preference is a bit evident in their words for right and left — “ dexter ” ( right ) and “ sinister ” ( left ) — from which we derive “ dexterous ” meaning skillful or artful , and “ sinister ” meaning threatening evil or harm .
Even in the Judeo - Christian tradition there seems to be a religious right preference .
In both the Old and New Testaments there are positions of grace “ at the right hand of God . ” Also , in Matthew ( 25:31 - 42 ) , Jesus talks about separating the sheep from the goats ( sheep on the right , goats on the left ) , and it was a good thing to be with the rightful sheep .
Another theory associates the predominance of right - handedness with tool development .
As tools were invented , more complicated ones were better suited for one hand , and were especially fashioned for this hand ( presumably the right ) .
Tools became prized possessions and as they were passed down from one generation to another , one hand became predominant in activities .
Probably because of such social development , children showing left - hand tendencies were at one time discouraged from being left - handed .
Left - handers got down to about 2 percent of the population because of this .
( I remember some of my grade - school teachers telling students to quit using their left hands and write with the right . )
Fortunately , that ’s not done much anymore .
Whatever the case , lefties have had a tough row to hoe .
( Well , a hoe ’s not much of a problem — works for both right and left hands . )
But think about scissors , a bolt - action rifle , or golf clubs .
Left - handers do have some special advantages .
For example , in baseball , first basemen are usually lefties .
They can catch and throw to home and third base outside of the baselines .
Southpaw pitchers have various advantages pitching to different batters .
( Incidentally , the term “ southpaw ” was coined by a Chicago sportswriter to describe left - handed pitchers who , on going into the stretch with a runner on first , faced south in an old ballpark . )
Also , switch - hitters are sometimes told to bat left - handed , which gives a half - step start in going to first base .
Even we right - handers do some things left - handed .
I shuffle cards right - handed , but I deal left - handed .
I do n’t know why — maybe because the deal is to the left ( it ’s easier ) .
But left - handers can hold their heads high .
There have been many famous lefties .
Try Gerald Ford , Ronald Regan , Bill Clinton , Charlie Chaplin , Lou Gehrig , Babe Ruth , Stan Musial , Lefty Gomez ( naturally ) , Robert Redford , Rex Harrison , Bubba Beauregard , Pablo Picasso , Leonardo da Vinci , Michelangelo ( maybe ambidextrous ) and Albert Einstein .
Left on !
C.P.S. ( Curious Postscript ) :
The trouble with retirement is that you never get a day off .
~ Abe Lemons
Curious about something ?
Send your questions to Dr. Jerry D. Wilson , Science Division , Lander University , Greenwood , SC , 29649 , or for e-mail , jerry@curiosity-corner.net .
Selected questions will appear in the Curiosity Corner . © JDW
In fact , it turns out some of your favorite movies started out as truly awful screenplays that somebody had the good taste to rewrite before the cameras started rolling .
Hollywood is full of screenwriters moaning about how the studio ruined their original vision .
But what we never hear about is the opposite side of the tale , where some truly horrific piece of writing gets turned into an awesome film .
7 Alien
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In 1976 , screenwriters Dan O'Bannon and Ronald Shusett expanded on an unfinished O'Bannon screenplay called Memory ( about a spaceship crew answering a distress call on a desolate planetoid ) , adding an alien monster to the story and calling the new script Starbeast .
Then , they immediately realized that Starbeast was a fucking terrible title and re-named it Alien .
The final 1979 shooting script was re-written by Walter Hill and David Giler , who added a subplot about an evil robot and tightened up some of the dialogue .
They also fixed certain ... uh ...
What The Fuck Is This Shit ?
As you may remember , the finished film featured a subtle undercurrent of sexual tension between the characters played by Sigourney Weaver and Tom Skerritt .
Well , that 's one story element that survived from the O'Bannon / Shusett draft almost entirely intact .
Oh , and did we mention that all of the characters in the older draft are dudes ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Look out , Bradley !
Aliens , oh my God ! "
That would be just fine and dandy with us , but the gay subtext here seems to have found its way into the script without its writers knowing , almost as if there was a little gay gnome sneaking up to the typewriter every night and replacing perfectly innocent phrases either with vaguely homoerotic innuendo ...
Or with absolute filth .
However , the Gay Gnome
Theory does n't explain everything , like why characters are walking around with names like Chaz Standard , Jay Faust , and Cleave Hunter .
And , in case you 're wondering , the Ripley character was just called Martin Roby .
That 's not so bad .
It could almost be a real name .
The spaceship was n't so lucky , though .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Also , the planet Earth is called the planet Irth , for some reason .
We 're pretty sure it 's pronounced the same , though , so they could have been saying " Irth " in the finished movie , and we still would n't know the difference .
From reading this draft of the script , it would seem that O'Bannon and Shusett did n't really have a clear idea of what they wanted the monster to look like , but you can tell that they sure as hell knew they wanted it to have a shitload of tentacles !
So , in the conceptual art peppered through the above - linked script , you can see that one artist took this description , threw it away , and drew some sort of cross between a grasshopper and a flying squirrel instead .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Martin Roby and the Alien hang precariously from the back of their mom's minivan .
On the Other Hand ...
To be fair , some of the scenes that were dropped would have been completely fucking awesome .
For instance , when the full - grown alien is first introduced , it immediately rips a man 's head off and carries away the still - wiggling body , prompting " Martin Roby " to react with a line that we 're sure would have been gleefully quoted out of context to this very day :
Other awesome moments include a sequence where the monster uses a still - living victim to shield itself from a flame thrower and a grand finale that involves the alien being impaled , burnt to a crisp , and cast out into the vacuum of space , at which point it fucking explodes !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Also , the plot is more or less the same as what ended up in the finished film , which is more than we can say for ...
Unfuddle TEN has an extremely powerful tagging and filtering report system .
Unlike tools that expect you to adapt to their way of thinking , Unfuddle TEN makes it possible to visualize your tasks in the ways that make the most sense to you and your team .
Need a simple task list for a personal project ?
No problem .
Prefer task boards ?
We 've got them .
Need to see some specific subset of tasks on a calendar ?
Bam .
You 're there .
You have never encountered a more flexible way to visualize all your tasks in one place .
To new president :
It 's worse than you thought
Andrew Ross poses for a portrait in San Francisco , Calif. on Tuesday Sept. 16 , 2008 Andrew Ross poses for a portrait in San Francisco , Calif. on Tuesday Sept. 16 , 2008 Photo : Katy Raddatz , The Chronicle Photo : Katy Raddatz , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
To new president :
It 's worse than you thought 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
To the next president :
It 's worse than you thought
So , a new president walks into the Oval Office , facing a trillion - dollar deficit , a severe recession and a long list of promises he made to an expectant electorate .
" The first thing I 'd tell him is , ' The problems you are confronting are far worse than you expected , ' " said Leon Panetta , with a laugh .
The former White House chief of staff and head of the Office of Management and Budget said the same thing to Bill Clinton in 1992 .
" It was a shock .
He knew immediately there were things he could n't get done . "
In addition to a stimulus package to get the economic wheels clanking , " we 've still got two wars to pay for and hundreds of billions of dollars committed to unfreezing credit , " said Panetta , who now heads the Panetta Institute in Monterey .
" And since we 've opened the door to bailing out the private sector , " he adds , " the president is going to have to know when to say ' no ' to everyone else lining up for a handout - the auto industry , state and local governments , the airlines . "
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
A pause for a chuckle at the enormity of it all .
What to do ?
Priority No. 1 : " A five - year budget that sets the country on a course to fiscal discipline , that shows the country we 're on the right path . "
That means back - burnering most of the initiatives the winning candidate campaigned on .
Which does n't mean the new president has to take his eyes off the prize .
It does mean that he will have to rigorously prioritize .
One major investment program Panetta recommends sticking with : alternative energy .
And how will the electorate respond to this lowering of expectations ?
" We all know the game .
Everybody promises everything to everybody .
But deep down , people understand there is no free lunch . "
" I am no longer interested in three dimensions .
I would even like to become a resident of the two - dimensional world …
At the very least , would it be possible to legally authorise marriage with a two - dimensional character ? " reads Takashita 's petition
A Japanese man has launched an online petition to permit human beings to marry their favourite comic characters .
Taichi Takashita 's campaign has so far received the support of over 1,000 signatures , the Metro reports .
One person in favour of the proposed law wrote : " For a long time I have only been able to fall in love with two - dimensional people and currently I have someone I really love .
" Even if she is fictional , it is still loving someone .
I would like to have legal approval for this system at any cost . "
The news comes days after a woman was jailed for ' murdering ' her virtual husband after he divorced her during an online game .
Satellite tech in artificial heart
In other strange news from the last seven days , French scientists have harnessed technology from satellites and aeroplanes to create an artificial heart that they claim " responds better to the human body " .
Allegedly the first to be able to determine and respond accordingly to a patient 's needs , the new device has so far only been tested in animals .
It 's hoped that it 'll eventually be capable of helping people survive without needing a heart transplant .
Quiet zone
Meanwhile , a British train operator has taken the concept of the ' quiet carriage ' to the next level by coating the windows of some coaches with a hi-tech film that blocks phone signals .
It 's a technique developed by US scientists to stop strangers " tapping into sensitive internal wireless communications " .
And one that could prevent persistent passengers from yapping away in quiet zones for good .
Although mobile phone jamming devices are still illegal , operator C2C has been able to implement the tech because travellers have to agree to the terms and conditions of quiet carriages to sit in them .
The move has received widespread support .
Gadget therapy
This week we have been mostly appreciating California - based Peltier Station 's attempts to get around a rule imposed by the European Union , preventing wineries from using the word ' port ' on their wine unless it has been made in Portugal .
Cue some inspired packaging for a bottle of dessert wine , substituting ' port ' for ' USB ' .
The roots displayed on the label image even resemble the USB sign .
Cheers … loophole .
And finally : when toilet tech turns bad …
Fireman were forced to cut free a passenger onboard a French train at the weekend whose arm was sucked down the high - speed TGV 's toilet .
According to reports , the 26 - year - old victim fell foul of the suction system when he tried to retrieve his mobile phone , after dropping it into the toilet bowl .
Fellow passengers were delayed for two hours while firemen detached the unit .
The man was carried away on a stretcher by emergency services , with the toilet still attached to his arm .
From our friends at the Bits blog :
Last week , Tesla Motors , Silicon Valley ’s favorite electric - car start - up , replaced its chief executive , laid off employees and delayed production of its second car .
On Friday , Elon Musk , Tesla ’s new chief executive and its largest investor , elaborated on the turmoil at the company in an interview .
Mr. Musk said that 87 people — about a quarter of the company — were laid off in the current retrenchment .
He also said that the company ’s second model , a battery - powered sedan called the Model S , was delayed because Tesla was having trouble raising the $ 100 million it needed for its next phase .
Rather than turn entirely to current investors , including Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin and former eBay President Jeff Skoll , Tesla decided to ratchet back the fund - raising and slow its expansion .
If Barack Obama ran for president by calling for a heavier hand of government , he also won by running one of the most entrepreneurial campaigns in history .
Will he now grasp the lesson his campaign offers as he crafts policies aimed at reigniting the national economy ?
Amid a recession , two wars , and a global financial crisis , will he come to see that unleashing the entrepreneur is the best way to raise the revenue he needs for his lofty priorities ?
Like ...
E-mail is no longer just e-mail , and it arguably has n't been for some time .
Webmail clients like Yahoo's have offered IM and calendar integration for a while , and now Gmail allows video chatting and embedded gadgets .
Zenbe , a new startup , is bringing social features , collaboration , and a new perspective on our e-mail routine with things like a sharable wiki , discussions , and even a Twitter sidebar .
At its core , Zenbe presents itself as a new interface for our e-mail , but not necessarily a replacement for our current provider .
While the company offers its own @zenbe.com addresses and 4GB of space for free accounts , users are encouraged to plug in their Gmail , AOL Mail , Yahoo , or Hotmail credentials ( the latter two requiring the purchase of " Plus " plans for external access ) to use Zenbe 's services as a front end .
Messages can be sent and received from these external addresses , or any others that are compatible with the POP3 protocol .
Due to the limitations of POP3 , however , a switch to Zenbe for e-mail is all or nothing if you plan to stick with your existing address .
The addition of IMAP and its support for synchronizing read / unread message states between clients would , of course , provide a lot more flexibility for users , as well as a smoother transition .
Once your e-mail is in Zenbe , though , the service provides some interesting features .
Mail can be tagged , and a Gmail - like conversation view helps you stay on top of things , but a " Files " tab allows for both online storage of files you upload and the browsing of attachments you 've received , regardless of who or when you received them .
Messages can also be filed and tagged by rules , and a clever " Favorites " view allows one - click access to a filtered Inbox view that contains messages from contacts that you mark as such .
The fact that Zenbe can import contacts from compatible e-mail services when adding the account ( it worked for our Gmail address ) is a big help here .
Moving beyond e-mail , Zenbe offers a decent set of calendar and task management tools .
Arguable essentials like pop-up / SMS alarms are missing , but a free Zenbe Lists iPhone app ( iTunes link ) lets you take at least your projects along for a ride .
Back on the Zenbe website , the calendar and task tools can be displayed in a collapsible sidebar that also features Twitter , Facebook , and Google Talk panels .
This brings an appealing level of dashboard modularity to Zenbe , and the fact that everything is wrapped in a functional UI makes all these tools a pleasure to use and switch between .
Points are deducted , however , for an unfortunate lack of keyboard shortcuts .
There are some quick key combos for browsing and managing mail , but none ( yet ) for switching tabs or viewing files .
One of Zenbe 's most interesting features is ZenPages , a sort of focused , collaborative wiki to which users can add things like discussion boards , shared e-mail ( via tags ) , Flickr photo streams , link sections ( with Delicious integration ) , Google Maps modules , YouTube videos , multiple task lists , RSS feeds , and more .
ZenPages become even more useful when you share them with friends and family via nothing more than their e-mail addresses .
Refreshingly , they wo n't need to register just to add content or participate .
This turns Zenbe and ZenPages into a useful , and more importantly , unobtrusive service for things like holiday planning , coworker collaboration , and family bulletin boards .
ZenPages really are quite useful , and our only complaint for now is that the layout is n't as flexible as we would prefer it to be .
Modules can only be added in a vertical fashion down the page , but it would be great to place , say , a Google Maps module right next to a discussion box or a shared mail module .
Zenbe is really on to something here .
While services that collect this much functionality rarely capture all the niche features that power users need , the company has launched out of beta with an impressive grasp of fundamental necessities and useful perks .
The fact that users can transparently send and receive from their current address will surely lower the barrier to testing the company 's services .
Zenbe says it will soon offer subscription plans with more features and storage , so any users looking for a way to stay social and productive at the same site should definitely give this a try .
WASHINGTON — President - elect Barack Obama ’s advisers have begun reviewing former President Bill Clinton ’s finances and activities to see whether they would preclude the appointment of his wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , as secretary of state , Democrats close to the situation said Sunday .
The examination of the former president suggests how seriously Mr. Obama is considering bringing his onetime rival for the Democratic presidential nomination into his cabinet .
He met with Mrs. Clinton in Chicago on Thursday to talk about the prospect and word quickly filtered out .
Many Democrats close to both camps said Sunday that it seemed likely that Mr. Obama would ask her to take the job , assuming they could work something out regarding Mr. Clinton ’s role .
A team of lawyers trying to facilitate the potential nomination spent the weekend looking into Mr. Clinton ’s philanthropic organization , interactions with foreign governments and ties to pharmaceutical companies , a Democrat close to both camps said .
While Mr. Clinton has used his foundation to champion efforts to fight AIDS , poverty and climate change around the world , he has also taken millions in speaking fees and contributions from foreign officials and businesses with interests in American governmental policies .
Obama advisers are discussing what Mr. Clinton would need to do to avoid a conflict of interest with the duties of his wife , who is said to be interested in the post .
“ That ’s the first and most important hurdle , ” said a senior adviser to Mr. Obama .
“ He does good work .
No one wants it to stop , but a structure to avoid conflicts must be thought of . ”
ABOUT US WE ARE TALANTED DESIGNERS & DEVELOPERS
Planning We Plan our Steps Properly
Developing Developing the Best Solution
Launching Launching a Bug Free Product
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert :
The security audit accidentally locked all of the developers out of the system .
The Boss : Well .
It is what it is .
Dilbert :
How does that help ?
The Boss :
You do n't know what you do n't know .
Dilbert : Congratulations .
You 're the first human to fail the turing test .
The Boss :
What does that mean ?
Um ... Dilbert :
It is what it is ?
The Boss :
Why did n't you say that in the first place ?
Contrary to common scientific belief , the length of a sperm 's tail does not always determine how fast it can swim .
Research published in the open access journal BMC Evolutionary Biology has shown that in the counter - intuitive microscopic world in which sperm operate , streamlining and longer tails do n't always provide a speed advantage .
Stuart Humphries , from the University of Sheffield , and collaborators from the University of Western Australia have critically evaluated the evidence linking sperm shape to swimming speed .
He said , " It seems clear that some assumptions regarding the physics of sperm locomotion have hampered our progress in understanding the processes mediating sperm competition .
It is commonly believed that selection for increased sperm performance will favor the evolution of longer , and therefore faster swimming , sperm .
In fact , the relative lengths of a sperm 's constituent parts , rather than their absolute lengths , are likely to be the target of selection . "
Small size and low swimming speeds mean that , in hydrodynamic terms , sperm operate in a very different regime from the one that we are used to .
At this microscopic scale , although a longer tail does allow a sperm to generate more thrust , the drag created by a sperm 's head is often enough to counteract any such gains .
According to Humphries , " We suggest that , irrespective of whether tail length , total length or head length is used , any attempts to correlate a single measure of length to speed are likely to be futile .
We argue that accounting for the balance between drag from the head and thrust from the tail will allow us to extend our understanding of the link between sperm form and function . "
These findings imply that , contrary to current thinking , one cannot attribute the evolution of longer sperm to any competitive advantage that length alone gives them .
Source : BioMed Central
At least when the credit crunch was worsening on every level , the stock market had a good excuse for selling off day after day .
So what would the excuse be for today ’s market rout , which pulled the Dow Jones industrials down 514.45 points , or 5.7 % , to 8,519.21 ?
Some lousy corporate earnings reports ?
" With a market move of this size , you ’d expect to see some market - moving news -- and not just that we ’re in a recession , " said Marc Pado , U.S. strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald .
Yes , the economy is sinking , but " I thought everybody knew that , " he says .
Credit conditions improved for an eighth straight day , as measured by the rates banks charge one another for short - term loans .
But the stock market paid no notice .
The benefit from the initial easing of the credit crisis " has come and gone , " said Ryan Larson , senior equity trader at Voyageur Asset Management in Chicago .
Instead , disappointing profit reports from Boeing Co. , Merck & Co. , Kimberly - Clark Corp . and other big names helped set the tone for the day .
And another dive in raw materials prices undercut commodity - related stocks .
Energy issues were the biggest losers in the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index , falling 10.4 % on average .
Investors still are trying to figure out how deep a recession to price into the market , Larson says .
" This is going to be a process .
There ’s really nothing new to say , " he says .
It ’s also possible that Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama ’s rise in the polls is upsetting some investors , although there is n’t much chatter about that among market pundits .
Some veteran analysts say the market is being tyrannized by computerized trading programs that can steamroll share prices , particularly in the final hour of the trading session .
" The programs are exacerbating volatility , " complains Joe Saluzzi , a partner at Themis Trading in Chatham , N.J .
He thinks it 's time for regulators to slap curbs on the machines .
Many pros still believe the market is trying to carve out at least a near - term bottom here .
The Dow today held above its five - year closing low of 8,451.19 reached Oct. 10 .
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite fell below their recent closing lows , but held above the intraday lows on Oct. 10 ( which for the S&P 500 was 840 , compared with today ’s close of 896.78 ) .
So , to chart - watchers ( I know , voodoo to many investors ) , this still fits the classic pattern of a " retest " of the recent lows .
If the market can bounce from here , it will strengthen the case that the selling is petering out .
And what happens if the indexes sink through those Oct. 10 intraday lows ?
" If we blow through those , you ’re going to see some really ugly stuff coming at you , " Larson warns .
Just what everybody wanted to hear .
Bell Canada Inc. will continue throttling the internet speeds of its smaller competitors for at least another few weeks as the CRTC has again delayed its decision on whether the company has broken the law by doing so .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission , which in August said it would make its ruling by the end of October , on Friday said that would n't happen until sometime in November .
The CRTC needs more time to consider the matter .
" It 's a complex issue , " said spokesman Denis Carmel .
" It 's taking longer than we anticipated . "
The delay is the second by the CRTC .
The regulator was originally scheduled to make a decision in September , but pushed it back to October after extending the period of time for key parties to the dispute to make comments .
At the heart of the issue is a complaint lodged with the CRTC in April by the Canadian Association of Internet Providers , a group of more than 50 small companies that rent portions of Bell 's network in order to sell their own broadband services .
Bell began slowing , or throttling , the speeds of its own customers using peer - to - peer software such as BitTorrent last November .
The company extended that practice to its CAIP wholesale customers in March , who were in turn forced to slow their own customers , which prompted the complaint to the CRTC .
The CRTC refused CAIP 's request for an immediate cease - and - desist order in May but launched a public inquiry into Bell 's practice .
CAIP said Bell had broken the Telecommunications
Act by changing the terms of its wholesale service without giving its members notice .
Bell countered by saying the throttling is necessary to prevent congestion , which is within its network management rights .
The dispute has become the focal point in the battle over net neutrality , or keeping the internet free from discrimination by access providers .
CAIP has attracted support from a wide range of net neutrality advocates , including consumers groups and internet companies such as Skype and Google Inc .
" From consumer , competition and innovation perspectives , throttling applications that consumers choose is inconsistent with a content and application - neutral internet , and a violation of Canadian telecommunications law , which forbids unfair discrimination and undue or unreasonable preferences and requires that regulation be technologically and competitively neutral , " Google said in a submission to the CRTC in July .
CRTC chairman Konrad von Finckenstein in June stressed that the regulator 's eventual decision will be limited to whether or not Bell has violated its obligations to wholesale customers , and will not apply to the issue of throttling in general .
The CRTC will likely launch a larger investigation , which would look into the throttling practices of Bell and other large service providers including Rogers Communications Inc. and Shaw Communications Inc. , after the CAIP dispute is dealt with , he said .
Back in 1996 the Web was starting to gain some serious momentum , but it was still just a few years old .
Now in 2008 , looking 12 years back into the past of the Web can be a both nostalgic and entertaining experience .
To give you some perspective , in 1996 …
Google.com did n’t exist yet .
In January 1996 there were only 100,000 websites , compared to more than 160 million in 2008 .
The web browser of choice was Netscape Navigator , followed by Microsoft Internet Explorer as a distant second ( Microsoft launched IE 3 in 1996 ) .
Most people used dial - up Internet connections with mighty speeds ranging from 28.8 Kbps to 33.6 Kbps .
Highly modern 56 Kbps modems would arrive in 1997 .
People had only recently started to switch from 640×480 to 800×600 screen resolutions .
We have used the good old WayBack Machine ( a.k. a the Internet Archive ) to track down screenshots of what websites looked like back in 1996 - 97 .
Yahoo
In 1994 , “ Jerry ’s Guide to the World Wide Web ” had been renamed to “ Yahoo ! ” .
The Yahoo.com domain was created in January 1995 .
In 1996 , Yahoo was well on its way to becoming one of the major Web portals .
Internet Archive link .
Webcrawler
Webcrawler got started in 1994 and was the first Web search engine to provide full text search ( making it the first modern - day Web search engine ) .
Internet Archive link .
Altavista
Altavista was a search engine created by DEC that launched in 1995 and quickly gained massive popularity .
Aside from strong traffic to their own website , in 1996 , Altavista became the exclusive provider of search results to Yahoo .
Internet Archive link .
Ultimate Band List
Started in 1994 , Ultimate Band List ( UBL ) provided a popular music database with information about artists , concerts , record labels , and so on .
Kind of a Last.fm of the time .
Internet Archive link .
Lycos
Founded in 1995 , Lycos quickly grew into one of the most popular portals and search engines on the Web .
By 1999 , Lycos was the most - visited Web portal in the world .
Internet Archive link .
Netscape
Founded in 1994 ( originally as Mosaic Communications Corporation ) , Netscape is one of the true pioneers of the Web .
In 1996 , Netscape Navigator was the leading Web browser by a large margin .
Microsoft had started going after market shares with Internet Explorer , but had not yet gained a firm footing .
Internet Archive link .
MSN
MSN ( The Microsoft Network ) got started as a set of Internet services in 1995 ( it was launched in connection with Windows 95 ) .
It was originally intended to be both an online service and an Internet service provider along the lines of AOL .
Internet Archive link .
Apple
In 1996 , Steve Jobs had not yet returned to Apple ( he did that in 1997 ) and the company was losing market shares .
Mac OS 8 was on the way ( as you can see in the screenshot ) and the good old Newton PDA was still being sold .
Internet Archive link .
Excite
Founded in 1994 , Excite was yet another popular player in the increasingly crowded Web portal market .
The website itself was formally launched in December 1995 .
Internet Archive link .
Tripod
Launched in 1995 , Tripod was originally billed as a “ hip web site and pay service for and by college students , ” but mainly became known as a place where people could create free web pages ( à la GeoCities ) .
Tripod would later be bought by Lycos .
Internet Archive link .
The New York Times
In 1996 , the New York Times website was dead set on getting users to sign up to access any Web content at all .
Internet Archive link .
Things certainly have evolved a bit , have n’t they ?
To be fair , the end - user Internet connections of the day would never have been able to handle most of today ’s media - heavy websites without them turning slow as syrup , and the relatively fine - grained design control we have these days with for example CSS was not available at the time .
What were your favorite websites back in 1996 - 97 ?
Share with us ! 🙂
SALT LAKE CITY â€ ”
The view of Delicate Arch natural bridge _ an unspoiled landmark so iconic it's on Utah 's license plates _ could one day include a drilling platform under a proposal that environmentalists call a Bush administration " fire sale " for the oil and gas industry .
Late on Election Day , the U.S. Bureau of Land Management announced a Dec. 19 auction of more than 50,000 acres of oil and gas parcels alongside or within view of Arches National Park and two other redrock national parks in Utah : Dinosaur and Canyonlands .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The National Park Service 's top official in the state calls it " shocking and disturbing " and says his agency was n't properly notified .
Environmentalists call it a " fire sale " for the oil and gas industry by a departing administration .
Officials of the BLM , which oversees millions of acres of public land in the West , say the sale is nothing unusual , and one is " puzzled " that the Park Service is upset .
" We find it shocking and disturbing , " said Cordell Roy , the chief Park Service administrator in Utah .
" They added 51,000 acres of tracts near Arches , Dinosaur and Canyonlands without telling us about it .
That 's 40 tracts within four miles of these parks . "
Top aides to Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne stepped into the fray , ordering the sister agencies to make amends .
His press secretary , Shane Wolfe , told The Associated Press that deputy Interior Secretary Lynn Scarlett " resolved the dispute within 24 hours " last week .
A compromise ordered by the Interior Department requires the BLM to " take quite seriously " the Park Service 's objections , said Wolfe .
However , the BLM did n't promise to pull any parcels from the sale , and in an interview after the supposed truce , BLM state director Selma Sierra was defiant , saying she saw nothing wrong with drilling near national parks .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/11/16/ennvironmentalists-slam-b_n_144195.html
A brain implant has allowed paralysed monkeys to move their limbs – by tapping into their thoughts and redirecting the signals to their muscles – scientists announced today .
The feat is being seen as a major development in the hunt for treatments for people who have lost the use of their limbs due to major spinal cord injuries or strokes .
Doctors hope the implant will one day allow severely disabled people to use mind control to regain movement of their arms and legs .
The work is the first to show that signals from single brain cells can be re-routed around damaged areas of the central nervous system , restoring function to paralysed limbs .
Previously , scientists have shown that monkeys fitted with brain implants can move robotic arms or cursors on a screen .
Scientists involved in the experiments yesterday sought to dampen hopes that the technique would be ready to help disabled people in the near future , but others said they expected to see the first human trials within five years .
More advanced versions of the implant could give people with paralysed legs the ability to walk again , and eventually give paraplegics control over all their limbs , including very precise movements of the hands and arms .
In the study , which appears in the journal Nature , scientists at Washington University in Seattle implanted ultra - thin electrodes into the brains of macaques trained to play a game that involved rotating their wrist to the left and right .
While the monkeys played , the electrodes picked up electrical signals in their brains that made them tense different muscles .
The scientists then injected the monkeys with a chemical that temporarily paralysed their arms .
This time , signals from nerves in their brains were fed into a computer , cleaned up and magnified , and sent down a wire to muscles in the monkeys ' wrists .
When the monkeys tried to play the game again , they were unable to at first , but soon learned to control their wrist movements using the brain implant .
Astonishingly , even when the implant was connected to nerves that were not involved in wrist control , the monkeys learned how to change their brain activity to control the same actions .
" The monkey was experimenting with different types of movement and different types of cognitive activity to drive those neurons and when he found something worked , he quickly repeated it and adopted the strategy , " said Ebehard Fetz , who led the study .
Future work on the system will focus on miniaturising the technology and developing wireless networks to send the brain 's signals around damaged parts of the spine to limbs that have lost their connections to the brain .
As it stands , researchers have several major hurdles to overcome before the technique could safely be used in humans .
The first is to remove the need for wires , which increase the risk of infection .
The second problem is that when electrodes are put into the brain , they gradually become encapsulated in scar tissue , which reduces their ability to read signals from individual neurons .
The latest study suggests , though , that as long as the electrodes have a good contact with at least one neuron , it will still be possible to control muscle movements .
Chet Moritz , who worked on the study , said the team is looking at another potentially more powerful way of using the implant to control paralysed limbs .
Instead of re-directing brain signals to individual muscles in a limb , they can be sent into the spinal cord to stimulate several nerves that together trigger a group of muscles to do a specific job , such as grasp a mug , or kick a ball .
" If you stimulate directly in the spinal cord , that will often activate 10 to 15 muscles in a precise balance that produces a grasping movement or a stepping movement , " Moritz said .
Lee Miller at Northwestern University in Chicago , who recently showed how monkeys could control their limbs using signals from bunches of brain cells , said : " This is the first instance when activity from a single neuron in the brain has been used to control a paralysed limb rather than a robotic arm or a cursor on a screen .
I 'd certainly hope that within the next five years there will be at least experimental applications being tried out in humans . "
A bit of humorous computerlore has been circulating since shortly after it was supposedly unleashed on the world at a “ June 15 , 1999 Defense Science and Technology Organization Lecture Series Melbourne , Australia ” :
Mutant Marsupials Take Up Arms Against Australian Air Force
The reuse of some object - oriented code has caused tactical headaches for Australia ’s armed forces .
As virtual reality simulators assume larger roles in helicopter combat training , programmers have gone to great lengths to increase the realism of the their scenarios , including detailed landscapes and — in the case of the Northern Territory ’s Operation Phoenix — herds of kangaroos ( since groups of disturbed animals might well give away a helicopters position ) .
The head of the Defense Science and Technology Organization ’s Land Operations / Simulations division reportedly instructed developers to model the local marsupials ’ movements and reaction to helicopters .
Being efficient programmers , they just re-appropriated some code originally used to model infantry detachments reactions under the same stimuli , changed the mapped icon from a soldier to a kangaroo , and increased the figures ’ speed of movement .
Eager to demonstrate their flying skills for some visiting American pilots , the hotshot Aussies “ buzzed ” the virtual kangaroos in low flight during a simulation .
The kangaroos scattered , as predicted , and the Americans nodded appreciatively . . . and then did a double - take as the kangaroos reappeared from behind a hill and launched a barrage of stinger missiles at the hapless helicopter .
( Apparently the programmers had forgotten the remove “ that ” part of the infantry coding ) .
The lesson ?
Objects are defined with certain attributes , and any new object defined in terms of the old one inherits all the attributes .
The embarrassed programmers had learned to be careful when reusing object - oriented code , and the Yanks left with the utmost respect for the Australian wildlife .
Simulator supervisors report that pilots from that point onwards have strictly avoided kangaroos , just as they were meant to .
The gist of the anecdote is true , although much that is not true has been added or facts have been exaggerated for humorous effect .
As revealed by Dr. Anne- Marie Grisogono , head of the Simulation Land Operations Division at the Australian DSTO ( Defence Science and Technology Organisation ) in the publication Defence Systems Daily , she did not “ instruct developers to model the local marsupials ’ movements and reaction to helicopters ” because “ groups of disturbed animals might well give away a helicopter ’s position , ” nor did corner - cutting programmers seek to save some effort by simply replacing images of soldiers with images of kangaroos without modifying the underlying instructions for their behavior .
Programmers did add animated kangaroos to the simulation , and they did accomplish this by replacing the visual representation of soldiers with visual representations of the hopping marsupials ( while neglecting to remove the weapons and firing behavior from these representations ) , but this was all done out of fun ( not necessity ) , and this humorous glitch was discovered right away and not unwittingly ( and embarrassingly ) displayed to a group of visitors ( American or otherwise ) .
Additionally , as Dr. Grisogono related , “ [ S ] ince we were not at that stage interested in weapons , we had not set any weapon or projectile types , so what the kangaroos fired at us was in fact the default object for the simulation , which happened to be large multicoloured beachballs . ”
Stephanie West Allen , who runs the blog Brains On Purpose , alerted me to the fact that the Australian ABC has posted audio files of a couple of interviews with Dr. Jeffrey Schwartz and Dr. Norman Doidge , the author of The Brain That Changes Itself ( see her post , NeuroMediators : Understanding the brain is a critical key to resolving conflict ( both within a culture and between cultures ) ) .
Dr. Doidge has been in Australia , attending several writers ’ festivals and a workshop on ‘ neuro - leadership . ’
My wife caught his interview on The 7:30 Report , one of the better in depth news analysis programs on ABC TV , but I have not been able to attend any of the events where he spoke ( what can I say ?
It ’s a really really bad semester here … ) .
The original radio shows , audio recordings and transcripts (! ) are available on the ABC All in the Mind website :
Part 1 of 2 : The Power of Plasticity
Part 2 of 2 – The power of plasticity
See especially Part 2 as there are links to a host of other resources , such as the video of an interview Dr. Doidge did on ABC television while he was here in Australia , and discussions of the work of Prof .
Paul Bach -y - Rita , one of the pioneers in work on neuroplasticity , including his research on technological prostheses for missing sensory information .
The material is great , and I ’m nearly finished with Doidge ’s book , but I still have several reservations about it even though I share the fascination with neuroplasticity and enthusiasm for Doidge ’s work :
1 ) Plasticity , while it is clearly a crucial quality of the brain , is only one quality of a complex organ .
Part of the reason for excitement about neuroplasticity is the artificial surprise that was generated because of long - held , erroneous beliefs about the immutability of the brain .
In fact , the idea that the brain could not grow , change , adapt , or generate new cells is , in retrospect , pretty damn counter - intuitive and hard to believe .
Most living organisms and organs are mutable , and from what we know about the brain ’s performance–its ability to form new memories , learn , forget–we might logically conclude that the brain changes .
2 ) The evidence on plasticity from work like that of Prof.
Edward Taub suggests that the brain is malleable , but that the amount of effort involved in changing the brain can be extraordinary .
Taub ’s work with stroke victims , like that of Bach -y - Rita , suggests that , in some cases , it can take thousands upon thousands of repetitions of basic actions to reshape neural sensitivity , if it is even possible .
Sometimes the focus on ‘ plasticity ’ ( rather than , say , long - term development ) emphasizes the capacity to change over the severe demands that change actually makes on anyone seeking it .
Doidge ’s book is quite good on this in the long version , but I sometimes feel that brief discussions of neuroplasticity , especially in the popular press , oversell the malleability .
3 ) The focus on plasticity in cases of brain trauma tends to emphasize the most unusual cases — those where function is radically changed and severe deprivation or physiological alteration occurs .
Although neuropathology has long offered one of the most important windows into brain function , these cases of brain trauma can be misleading for understanding non-pathological plasticity because plasticity is much harder when neural resources are already allocated .
For example , brain reorganization following trauma may be more extensive than normally possible because a brain region may be deprived of input from its normal sensory area ( such as after loss of a limb ) ; such complete deprivation may be a precondition for large - scale change .
4 ) It seems to me that most of the ‘ plasticity ’ discussion is happening around , on the one hand , recovery from brain trauma , and , on the other hand , around self - help and adult populations ( like those interested in leadership or Buddhist meditation ) .
While these are both excellent areas to think about neuroplasticity , my opinion is that much of the story of neuroplasticity is in developmental settings , in the normal interactions and activities that occur during childhood .
Again , Doidge discusses this in his book ( as does John Medina in his book , Brain Rules ) , but this balanced focus tends to drop out in discussions in the media , where the focus is on adults , probably because the audience is adults .
5 ) Finally , to go back to the predominance of ‘ plasticity ’ in some discussions of the brain , I simply do n’t think any one term is adequate to capture the basic ways in which the brain functions .
For example , the discussion of plasticity may over - emphasize mutability and fail to reflect the degree to which brains develop regional specialization , for example , or reuse specialized regions in different functional networks .
There are many stories to tell about the brain , and neuroplasticity is a pretty compelling one , but it ’s not the whole story .
Some of the self - help - ish discussion of neuroplasticity seems to suggest it ’s the only story in town ( of course , the same could be said about some evolutionary accounts of the brain ) .
Of course , the onus is not on those like Doidge to figure out all the stories to tell about the brain .
In fact , his work should encourage all of us to raise our game , to make our own parts of the story more compelling and accessible .
I know that I ’m looking to his book as a role model for my own work on the motor enculturation of the brain ; his work is admirable for its comprehensiveness , its accessibility , and its boldness .
He ’s left out plenty from his book , The Brain that Changes Itself , but that just means there ’s ample room for others to contribute their pieces to the collective effort .
All this said , I still like Doidge ’s book a lot , and I ’m glad he ’s doing interviews here in Australia .
He ’s really energized a lot of people here in Australia with his presentations and appearances in the media .
And I still owe our readers a more complete review of his book — I have n’t forgotten .
Acknowledgements :
Thanks to Stephanie West Allen for rousing me from my mid-semester collapse .
more top stories
A tune for each plate in new Wellington on a Plate event Wellington diners can explore the link between taste and sound in a unique event , with seven mini courses accompanied by live music .
Woman injured in alleged machete attack Authorities are at the scene of a family harm incident in Napier .
Partner of slain Kiwi officer tells of ' gentle giant '
The Kiwi - born sergeant shot dead in London " will always be in my head and in my heart " .
Covid - 19 : Princeton University study dissects New Zealand response Social capital , effective communication cited as key factors in New Zealand ' beating back ' virus .
Prison report reveals rise in gang activity and intimidation Rimutaka Prison has seen a rise in gang membership , with reports of violence and standover tactics in its high - security units .
Walkway and cycleway planned between Shelly Bay and Scorching Bay
The shared path would close one traffic lane and has been approved for government funding , along with a temporary cycleway in Brooklyn .
Shining the spotlight on NZ 's hidden events workforce
It ’s all too common in the world where the spotlight rules supreme : for each artist on stage there are half a dozen workers making the magic happen .
Online advertising hosts 80 percent of all instances of malicious code , security experts have warned .
An analysis of more than 10 million unique URLs , based on live web traffic recorded in the U.K. , by security firm Finjan found that hackers are increasingly targeting advertising .
Hackers have discovered that the complex structure of business relationships involved in online advertising make it relatively easy to inject malicious content into legitimate advertising delivery streams , Finjan ’ s latest Web Security Trends report said .
Malicious code was just as likely to be accessed through legitimate commercial websites as through disreputable sites , such as those with adult content or illegal downloads , Finjan warned .
The report also highlights a continuing evolution in the complexity of attacks , particularly the increasing use of randomization techniques to conceal malicious code .
More than 80 percent of the malicious code detected by Finjan was hidden in this way , making it virtually invisible to pattern - matching or signature - based anti-virus products .
Finjan chief technology officer Yuval Ben - Itzhak said : “ The fact that malicious code is just as likely to be found in legitimate categories as in questionable categories means that security products that rely solely on URL categories to block access to malicious sites are no longer effective . ”
The research also uncovered a new trend for hackers to bury malicious code on web pages served by automatic translation services , such as those offered by search engines .
Peter Christy , principal analyst at the Internet Research Group said : “ In the past , attacks were dominated by worms and viruses designed to create a big and very visible disruption .
“ Increasingly , modern attacks have criminal intent , and the attackers are becoming more proficient at obscuring the attacks and delivering them from otherwise reputable regions and website categories in order to circumvent many of the defenses that have been effective against earlier attacks .
These trends are a clear call - to - action for better detection and prevention methods . ”
OTTAWA  Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s gamble that forcing the country into its third election in four years would give him firm control over Parliament failed on Tuesday .
While his Conservative Party improved its results over the last election , it still fell short of a majority in the House of Commons , according to unofficial and incomplete tallies .
The Conservatives were projected to have picked up 19 additional seats , giving them a total of 145 .
But that was still 10 shy of the majority Mr. Harper needed to pass legislation without the help of opposition parties .
Speaking to supporters early Wednesday morning in his hometown , Calgary , Alberta , even as numbers continued to shift slightly , he said , “ The voters have entrusted us with a strengthened mandate to continue to lead the government and take Canada forward . ”
He continued , “ We have shown that minority government can work , and at this time of global economic instability we owe it to all Canadians to show it again . ”
A clear loser in the election was the opposition Liberal Party , whose membership in Parliament apparently dropped to 75 seats from 103 .
Though he conceded defeat , the Liberals ’ leader , Stéphane Dion , gave no indication that he would step down .
NYPD sodomy allegation to be heard by grand jury RAW STORY
Published : Monday October 27 , 2008
Print This Email This NEW YORK ( AFP )  Prosecutors in New York on Monday ordered a grand jury investigation into allegations that police sodomized a detainee with a walkie - talkie .
District Attorney Charles Hynes announced that " on the basis of preliminary conclusions of the early stages of my investigation ...
I have ordered a special investigative grand jury to be impaneled . "
Although police deny the claim , the allegation has whipped up controversy , with comparisons being drawn to a particularly brutal police rape incident 11 years ago .
The alleged victim , a body piercing salon employee named Michael Mineo , says he was held down in a city subway station and sodomised with an object he believes was a radio antenna , or possibly a truncheon .
Lawyers for Mineo , 24 , say the incident took place October 15 .
Mineo spent four days in hospital afterwards and last week returned to seek more treatment , the Daily News reported .
However , his medical records have not been published .
Grand juries are used to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to proceed to indictment of a suspect .
In many cases , prosecutors only go to a grand jury when they are reasonably sure of being able to proceed to a trial .
Police deny Mineo 's accusations and say he was arrested in full view of the public after being caught smoking marijuana .
Investigators have seized the equipment of one officer for tests , but none of the officers allegedly involved has been suspended .
Despite those denials and the fact that there is no published physical evidence to support Mineo 's claims , the issue is already explosive .
Activists against police brutality say the alleged incident recalls an officer 's sodomizing of a 30 - year - old Haitian immigrant with a broom handle in 1997 .
The victim , Abner Louima , on Monday told the Daily News that " it does surprise me that this is happening 11 years after .
We knew this was not something that 's going to go away in one day . "
The prosecutor 's decision to convene a grand jury also follows a brutal weekend on New York 's streets .
Undercover police on Sunday shot dead two brothers following a shooting outside a nightlcub in the Brooklyn neighborhood .
Meanwhile , a New York mother reportedly confessed Sunday to beating to death her 11 - year - old daughter , the New York Post reported .
This video was aired by CBS News on Oct. 26 , 2008 :
With wire reports .
John McCain has targeted this wealthy area just north of Columbus as one of 15 counties in Ohio where he needs to drive up his vote tally if he is to beat Barack Obama on Tuesday in this must - win state .
But on Friday night , only nine volunteers manned the 24 phones in the McCain campaign office .
The phone bank began operating on a daily basis just two weeks ago .
And since then , only five people have shown up on most weekdays to canvass local neighborhoods .
Obama ’s campaign , in contrast , has flooded this GOP bastion with volunteers .
Some canvassers first hit the winding streets of nearby subdivisions in March during the Democratic primary , and they have worked almost nonstop since in search of supporters .
Ohio is a battleground in the presidential race , and here ’s the view on the front line : McCain ’s get - out - the - vote operation has struggled to build momentum , and it appears outgunned by Obama’s .
Advertisement
Both campaigns have mobilized armies of volunteers and paid staff for the final push across the state , and both claim their efforts to target likely voters are more sophisticated and more efficient than in 2004 .
In that contest , President Bush won reelection by beating back a stiff challenge from Democratic nominee John F. Kerry in Ohio .
Back then , Bush ’s aides started early in the year and built an elaborate ground - up organization that focused on driving up the GOP vote here in Delaware County and similar , fast - growing exurbs that surround Cincinnati , Dayton and Cleveland .
This time , the Democrats have shifted strategies -- and may have the upper hand .
Learning from the Bush effort , Obama has taken his fight directly into suburban and rural GOP strongholds in an effort to curb McCain ’s potential margins .
Obama has 82 offices in the state , nearly twice as many as McCain .
Labor unions are backing his effort with more than 12,000 volunteers .
Advertisement
“ McCain does not have the kind of ground organization that Obama has , not even close , ” said Nancy Martorano , associate professor of political science at the University of Dayton .
“ I ’ve never seen anything like the Obama ground game , ” agreed Paul Beck , professor of political science at Ohio State University in Columbus .
“ It is light - years ahead of what the Democrats did four years ago . ”
Some Republican leaders in Ohio complain that McCain did n’t open his state headquarters until June , three months after he secured the nomination , and that the state campaign appears top - heavy and run in part by outsiders .
McCain campaign officials insist they have contacted more voters than Bush ’s team did four years ago , and they tout their use of voice - over - Internet technology to improve and expand the effort .
Advertisement
The devices enable volunteers at GOP phone banks to punch buttons that instantly update a database called Voter Vault , which collects details on individual voters from dozens of public sources , such as magazine subscriptions and car registrations .
Using the data , the campaign can mail different fliers to different voter groups .
Military veterans may hear about McCain ’s views on Iraq , and some church groups may receive information about his opposition to abortion .
Jewish voters may learn about McCain ’s support for Israel .
“ Every single mailbox needs a different message , ” said Ryan Meerstein , McCain ’s state director .
“ And we can do that .
We can hit you with what is most important to you . ”
But the campaign did n’t send the high - tech phones to some vote - rich areas it needs on election day .
Advertisement
“ We ’re still on cellphones and use pen and pencil , ” said Pat Hennessy , GOP chairman in conservative Muskingum County , about 50 miles east of Columbus .
“ I do n’t know what they ’re collecting .
They do n’t tell me . ”
Equally important , perhaps , McCain ’s campaign still was n’t canvassing in many areas last week .
“ We ’ve mostly done weekends until now , ” said Linda Smith , GOP chairwoman in Clark County , west of the capital .
McCain faces other potential difficulties in Delaware County , which has 165,000 residents and is one of the nation ’s fastest - growing counties .
Advertisement
In 2004 , Bush swamped Kerry 2 to 1 in the wealthy subdivisions and shopping malls carved out of rich farmland that abuts the capital .
But when foreclosure signs started sprouting and Bush ’s popularity began to crater , the GOP stronghold began to fracture .
In 2006 , the county gave a whisker - thin margin to Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland , who led a Democratic near - sweep of state offices , including the secretary of state , attorney general and treasurer .
The local economy has only worsened since .
Ed Helvey , the county Democratic chairman , said that Democrats outnumber Republicans in voter registrations for the first time .
Advertisement
“ We are working our tails off , ” he said .
“ The Republicans had it in ’04 .
It was like electricity in the air -- you could feel it . ”
This year , he said , Democrats were more visible than Republicans .
Still , Republicans were out in force in the town of Delaware , the county seat , on Saturday morning .
At a restaurant called Buns , Rep. John A. Boehner , who represents a district near Cincinnati and is the House Republican leader , joined a breakfast for Rep. Pat Tiberi , who represents Delaware County .
Boehner said he was unimpressed with the Obama ground game in Ohio .
“ They ’ve got people out there ? ” he asked .
“ So what ?
They do n’t have a candidate or a message that appeals to people in rural areas and exurbs . ”
Advertisement
But there was no sign that either congressman was stumping for McCain .
Most supporters wore Tiberi T - shirts , and the two buses parked outside sported only Boehner and Tiberi signs .
Obama ’s campaign office was around the corner .
About 30 canvassers already were out knocking on doors , including Jenifer Burks , a former Republican and part - time worker at Pizza Hut , who began working at an Obama phone bank eight months ago .
On Hearthstone Drive , she knocked on Monica Thompson ’s door .
The young mother ’s entry hall was a jumble of kids ’ jackets and boots .
The house got five calls from the Obama campaign on Halloween , she said , and someone left literature on her door the other day .
“ I ’m voting for Obama , ” Thompson said .
Advertisement
“ How about your husband ? ” Burks asked .
She replied that her husband , Jeremy , was an independent voter who had not made up his mind .
But she added that they had not heard from anyone in the McCain campaign -- not by phone , by mail or in person .
Burks smiled and made a note on her clipboard .
“ If you ’re undecided , ” she promised , “ we ’re going to talk to you till we know what you ’re doing . ”
Advertisement
--
bob.drogin@latimes.com
robin.abcarian@latimes.com
Times staff writer Tom Hamburger contributed to this report .
700 billion fluffy nothings / Staggering bailouts ?
Body counts ?
Global warming stats ?
They 're just numbers , silly
Relax , people , it 's just a number .
It 's just a bunch of zeroes .
It 's merely 700,000,000,000 , and if you look closely and blur your eyes just right and then hit yourself in the face with a brick , you 'll soon see that each and every one of those cute little circles is filled with goodness and candy and the sweet sighs of puppies and pie .
Really , what could such a ginormous number possibly mean to everyday hard - workin ' plebes like you and me ?
What does all that wild speculation about imminent recessions and the total collapse of the U.S. economy and " the end of Wall Street " actually mean for us all on a day - to - day basis ?
In a word , nothing .
In five more : happy safe terrorist - free nothing .
After all , " the fundamentals of our economy are sound . "
And besides , we 're all just " a nation of whiners . "
There now .
Better ?
Do n't you already know ?
If eight miserable years of Bush have taught us anything , it 's that numbers like these do n't actually mean anything , or have any real effect or significance , be they astronomical bailouts , soldier body counts , the costs of a lost war , evidence of global warming , insane oil profits , you name it .
This is what you must remember :
When you see all kinds of frightening data flit across the screen , when you hear all sorts of dour forecasts and prognostications and when you 're hammered by endlessly grim pie charts and downward - pointing arrows and scowling rich white men sitting before congressional panels , well , just remember you are simply in the realm of the gods , that the swirl of terrifying numbers is merely how they rearrange the furniture up there on Mount Olympus .
In other words , it has absolutely nothing to do with your hopes and dreams or future tax bills or the price of a double latte at Dunkin ' Donuts .
OK , it actually does -- disastrously so -- but it 's best not to think about it too much .
Fair enough ?
I know , it 's tough not to feel a little shaken , unnerved , openly disgusted .
A $ 700 billion bailout of a Bush - gutted economy by an already nearly bankrupt U.S. Treasury ?
Two trillion for a failed war in Iraq ?
Ten trillion in national debt and a $ 480 billion budget deficit ( not counting the $ 700B for the bailout and it could be much more ) and a record trade deficit , with all those numbers nearly double ( if not far more ) of what they were in 2001 ?
Why , you 'd almost think someone -- or maybe an entire administration , perhaps the most irresponsible in modern U.S. history -- was largely to blame .
But they 're not !
Because they 're just numbers !
Like these : 47 million Americans without health insurance ( up 30 percent from eight years ago ) .
The U.S. dollar now worth roughly half of its 2001 value .
More than 150 signing statements challenging over 1,100 provisions of federal law from a president who could give a flying constitutional crap for legal precedent .
Oh , and yes : 4,170 dead U.S. soldiers ( so far ) , 100,000 brain damaged and wounded , and tens of thousands of dead Iraqi civilians .
But again , who 's counting ?
Not Bush or McCain , that 's for sure .
So why should you ?
Remember this , citizen : Numbers are intangibles , totally inconsequential , wispy insubstantial things to be fawned over by liberal scientists and math geeks and tax accountants and people who care about , you know , stuff .
As such , when those numbers turn really dark and frightening and dangerous to the stability of your job and your life and your future , well , we can't really hold anyone accountable .
Certainly not Bush and his cronies , who 've handed every tax break , gutted old law , nefarious new law and contorted FDA / EPA regulation over to Big Energy and the military suppliers and the same cretinous Wall Street players who mangled your money in the first place .
Certainly not crusty , untouchable Alan Greenspan , now deemed to be the master architect of this collapse , whom John McCain once worshipped like a god .
And certainly not those greedy Wall Street cretins themselves , many of whom knowingly manipulated a flawed system and floated trillions in worthless paper so as to better make their boat payments .
Who cares if that paper had little pictures of your kids ' futures on them ?
Personal note from Wall Street bankers : F --k you for caring .
( By the way , as Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke suggested , it 's probably best not to threaten all those Wall Street CEOs and upper - tier execs with yanking their multimillion - dollar golden parachutes , because they might balk and choose not to participate in the riskiest bailout in U.S. history .
Do n't forget the golden rule , abused citizen :
The gods always win . )
Wait , what the hell do you think you 're doing , staring in justifiable panic as your stock portfolio and your 401K and your nice , sturdy bank 's own valuation shudder and slip by 10 , 20 , 40 percent in the space of a week , or maybe collapses altogether ?
What are you doing , suddenly discovering your home is worth a fraction of what it was or that you can't really afford to send your kids to college anymore or that you can't get a loan for your small business and your credit rating is suddenly meaningless ?
Get away from the screen , citizen .
Remember :
It 's just numbers .
This is n't about you , whiner .
Here 's a fun number : Nearly $ 40 billion in profit for Exxon in 2006 , the biggest of any U.S. company , ever .
By the way , the price of a barrel of oil just jumped its highest amount in history -- $ 25 in a single day -- thanks to all the violent instability in the U.S. market .
Turns out , given the bizarre machinations of How It 's All Set Up , the energy markets are loving this meltdown , and Bush 's oil cronies ( among others ) are getting richer than ever .
Go figure .
It just keeps going .
The Dow , for the first time in history , moved more than 350 points four days in a row .
The value of the U.S. dollar just sank even lower , which now means a cup of coffee in Paris will cost the average American about $ 147 .
And what about the $ 600 billion Congress is about to rubber - stamp for Pentagon spending and Homeland Security ?
Best not to think about it .
They pray you do n't .
Here 's an idea : Maybe we can force all the oil companies to bail out the U.S. economy , given how , thanks to Bush administration 's unchecked rapaciousness and Dick Cheney 's oily sneer , their total profits for this year will likely outstrip the combined value of the " war " on drugs , terrorism , God , country , megachurch DVDs , and your children 's children 's future .
You think ?
I know , it 's all a bit confusing for the everyday plebe , all these massive sums and baffling lexicons of financial jargon and sullen overlords of finance and government slapping each other around like nervous children .
Best you do n't pay too much attention .
Best you do n't ponder too deeply much how all those numbers intertwine and feed into and off of each other .
And best you do n't contemplate the biggest number of all , the one that sums up the overall odds that you , the average wary Bush - ravaged tax - paying American , will emerge largely unscathed from this historic debacle .
That number ?
Oh , about one in a million .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Nonprofits , charities brace for the worst Nonprofits , charities brace themselves as donors tighten belts
Seniors line up to eat a breakfast snack at Curry Senior Center in San Francisco , Calif. , on Thursday , Oct. 9 , 2008 .
The center , like many non-profits , is not receiving as much money from philanthropic organizations this year and the projections for the fourth quarter of 2008 suggest that it 's not going to get better .
less Seniors line up to eat a breakfast snack at Curry Senior Center in San Francisco , Calif. , on Thursday , Oct. 9 , 2008 .
The center , like many non-profits , is not receiving as much money from philanthropic ... more Photo : Kim Komenich , The Chronicle Photo : Kim Komenich , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Nonprofits , charities brace for the worst 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
At the Curry Senior Center in San Francisco 's Tenderloin , which serves breakfast to hundreds of low - income elders every day , peanut butter for the toast is now a thing of the past .
It is a $ 5,000 annual cost the center can no longer afford .
At the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation in Menlo Park , staff meetings are planned for the next three weeks to look at how the $ 8 billion organization - one of the biggest charities in the nation - will meet all of its pledges next year .
The economic downturn is hitting Bay Area foundations and social service providers hard .
Charities are faced with cutting services at the same time people need more help .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" We just toured the Second Harvest Food Bank in San Carlos and heard the director say she 's seeing former donors and former employees come in for help , " said Emmett Carson , CEO and president of the Silicon Valley Community Foundation , which has $ 1.7 billion in assets ( having lost $ 9 million in the recent market downturn ) and serves Santa Clara and San Mateo counties .
" That was a pretty telling statement . "
And , the grim economic news - including a global credit crunch , the slide in the Dow Jones industrial average , rising unemployment and a housing collapse - could n't come at a worse time .
Most philanthropic donations are made toward the end of the year .
" This is going to be a heck of a fundraising season , " said David Knego , executive director of the Curry Senior Center , which has had its $ 2 million annual budget cut by 5 percent .
" For a lot of people , the biggest chunk of donations comes in November and December .
People in the nonprofit sector are looking over their shoulder fearing what 's next . "
There are more than 900,000 public charities in the United States .
In the Bay Area , there are more than 2,000 foundations alone , as well as thousands of charities and nonprofits .
" There have only been two periods in the last 40 years when there were absolute declines in the amount of money going to giving , " said Susan Raymond , executive vice president of Changing Our World , a national philanthropic consulting firm .
The drops in giving followed the 1973 oil embargo and the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
" It takes a shock of that magnitude to the economy to really derail the stability of American cultural habits of giving , " said Raymond .
" Is this one of those times ?
We wo n't know for a couple of years .
In the near term , it 's going to be hard . "
Paul Brest , president of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation , said , " For the first time in the modern history of this foundation , we find ourselves in a national and global economic crisis . "
Brest said that administrative budgets would be cut before grants .
" There is no question we 're going to have to do belt - tightening for 2009 , " he said .
" We hope to keep our grant budgets as robust as possible . "
Ira Hirschfield , president of the Evelyn & Walter Haas Jr. Fund , with assets of around $ 620 million , said the social sector will not feel the full ramifications of the downturn this year .
" If you think about nonprofit organizations and how they get revenue - from government support , membership fees , people who come though your gate , annual campaigns - the question is going to be , how many parts of their revenue sources will be hit ? "
The Haas Jr. Fund distributed more than $ 30 million in grants last year .
Hirschfield said the fund will meet its pledges for next year .
" I am concerned about now , yes , " Hirschfield said .
" But my deeper concern is the ripple effect we have n't yet seen but that is going to come . "
Charities that received support from banks , including Merrill Lynch , Lehman Bros. and Wachovia , are left wondering what happens now .
" We 've been fortunate in the past to get support from financial services , including Wachovia , " said Phillip Kilbridge , executive director of Habitat for Humanity Greater San Francisco .
" We do n't know what this will mean to us going forward .
We are certainly doing contingency planning .
We hope people will see the brand name and see we 're meeting a basic need of housing .
This is when we need community investment more than ever . "
The Second Harvest Food Bank , serving Santa Clara and San Mateo counties , has seen a dramatic increase in the number of people needing help .
Cindy McCown , senior director of the food bank 's programs , said calls to their food connection hot line rose 55 percent this year over last .
Nearly 10,000 people called the hot line over the last three months beginning in July , seeking a free meal , food for a family , or ongoing help .
The food bank will launch its annual food drive Tuesday , and has a goal of raising $ 8 million and gathering 1.7 million pounds of food .
" We get the majority of our donated dollars and food during this period , " said McCown .
" We 're nervous going into it . "
John Bell , founder of the Okizu Foundation , which operates a summer camp for children with cancer , said many longtime donors are telling him , " We wo n't be able to do as much . "
" Basically , we 're looking at our budget now and trying to figure out what it will mean if we have to cut by 20 to 25 percent next year , " Bell said , noting that 750 children attended the summer camp for free this year - a 12 percent increase in oncology campers from last year .
Even the most experienced fundraisers are struck by the sense of gloom .
Dede Wilsey , who raised more than $ 200 million to build the new de Young Museum in Golden Gate Park , has committed to bringing in $ 500 million in private donations to build a new UCSF Medical Center in Mission Bay .
She has raised $ 200 million to date .
" Everyone I call says , ' I 'm sorry , I 'm cutting back , ' or , ' I 'm not making the salary I was , ' or ' I do n't feel comfortable making a pledge right now , ' " Wilsey said .
" The effect is profound .
Everyone is wondering what is going to happen next . "
A generous philanthropist herself , Wilsey added , " This will sort itself out .
The best thing we can do is reinvest , to get money back out , back circulating . "
Susan Raymond , with the Changing Our World consulting firm , said her research on the relationship between calamitous times and levels of giving suggests there is a silver lining to the current financial storm .
" When the economy recovers , giving will actually be stronger than it was before the shock .
Philanthropy is to some extent a product of American culture . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A federal judge decided on Monday to make public sealed court records relating to a former U.S. Army scientist who initially was named as a person of interest in the deadly 2001 anthrax attacks and later cleared .
U.S. District Court Chief Judge Royce Lamberth ruled in favor of The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times newspapers , which sought the search warrants and other related documents involving Steven Hatfill .
FBI investigators initially focused for years on Hatfill .
He was never charged and the Justice Department agreed in June to pay him $ 5.85 million to settle his lawsuit claiming government officials had violated his privacy rights .
The FBI and Justice Department said in August that another U.S. Army scientist , Bruce Ivins , an anthrax expert who killed himself in July , was solely responsible for mailing the anthrax - laced letters to politicians and news organizations shortly after the September 11 attacks .
The mailings killed five people and sickened 17 .
After the attacks , Attorney General John Ashcroft identified Hatfill as “ a person of interest ” in the investigation , and the FBI searched Hatfill ’s residence .
Lamberth in a 15 - page ruling rejected the Justice Department ’s argument that Hatfill ’s generalized privacy right to get on with his life outweighed the public ’s right to access to the documents .
“ In this case , the public has a strong need for access to the documents at issue .
As conceded by the government , the anthrax investigation was one of the most complex , time - consuming and expensive investigations in recent history , ” he wrote .
“ As a result , American citizens have a legitimate interest in observing and understanding how and why the investigation progressed in the way that it did , ” Lamberth said .
The judge ruled that documents involving the search of the Washington apartment and car of Hatfill ’s girlfriend , Peck Chegne , should also be made public .
He said the Justice Department can delete from the sealed documents limited parts that would reveal the identity of a confidential informant .
And the selection of Sarah Palin as the Republican vice - presidential candidate clearly had nothing to do with what she knew or the positions she ’d taken  it was about who she was , or seemed to be .
Americans were supposed to identify with a hockey mom who was just like them .
In a way , you ca n’t blame Mr. McCain for campaigning on trivia  after all , it ’s worked in the past .
Most notably , President Bush got within hanging - chads - and - butterfly - ballot range of the White House only because much of the news media , rather than focusing on the candidates ’ policy proposals , focused on their personas : Mr. Bush was an amiable guy you ’d like to have a beer with , Al Gore was a stiff know - it - all , and never mind all that hard stuff about taxes and Social Security .
And let ’s face it : six weeks ago Mr. McCain ’s focus on trivia seemed to be paying off handsomely .
But that was before the prospect of a second Great Depression concentrated the public ’s mind .
The Obama campaign has hardly been fluff - free  in its early stages it was full of vague uplift .
But the Barack Obama voters see now is cool , calm , intellectual and knowledgeable , able to talk coherently about the financial crisis in a way Mr. McCain can’t .
And when the world seems to be falling apart , you do n’t turn to a guy you ’d like to have a beer with , you turn to someone who might actually know how to fix the situation .
The McCain campaign ’s response to its falling chances of victory has been telling : rather than trying to make the case that Mr. McCain really is better qualified to deal with the economic crisis , the campaign has been doing all it can to trivialize things again .
Mr. Obama consorts with ’60s radicals !
He ’s a socialist !
He does n’t love America !
Judging from the polls , it does n’t seem to be working .
Will the nation ’s new demand for seriousness last ?
Maybe not  remember how 9/11 was supposed to end the focus on trivialities ?
For now , however , voters seem to be focused on real issues .
And that ’s bad for Mr. McCain and conservatives in general : right now , to paraphrase Rob Corddry , reality has a clear liberal bias .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Senators asked the nation ’s biggest banks on Thursday to explain how they are using the billions of taxpayer dollars provided to them under a massive government bailout program .
The answers were mixed .
Amid deepening concern about the financial system and the economy , Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd urged the banks to spend the money to preserve homeownership and restart credit markets , while putting limits on executive pay .
The $ 700 billion bailout approved by Congress and signed by President George W. Bush in early October came with strings attached , but not as many as similar European bailouts , prompting some criticism that U.S. banks have too much leeway .
“ Hoarding capital and acquiring healthy banks are not -- I repeat , are not -- reasons why Congress authorized $ 700 billion in emergency funding , ” Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , said at a hearing on oversight of the financial rescue program .
Goldman Sachs Group
Inc will spend the $ 10 billion it got on activities such as offering its clients strategic advice , financing transactions and making markets , said an executive for the Wall Street powerhouse .
Bailout proceeds “ will be put to work consistent with our mandate to meet the advisory , financing and investing needs of our clients to fund innovation and growth , ” Goldman Sachs General Counsel Gregory Palm told the committee .
Leading banks JPMorgan Chase & Co , Bank of America Corp and Wells Fargo &
Co said they would use government funds to make loans to creditworthy borrowers .
“ The capital we have received ... is being deployed in a manner consistent with the purposes of the program , ” said JPMorgan Chase Chief Risk Officer Barry Zubrow .
Wells Fargo Regional Banking President Jon Campbell said the bank planned to use government funds for “ additional lending and to facilitate appropriate home mortgage solutions . ”
The Treasury Department has already injected $ 110 billion of the bailout funds into the largest banks .
New York Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer warned that additional funds might come with provisions such as one that would require the Treasury Department to approve mergers .
“ I did n’t vote to save Wall Street ; I voted to save Main Street , ” said Ohio Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown .
“ If taxpayers ’ funds are not going to be used for lending , then we need to give serious thought to whether this effort still makes sense , ” Brown said .
Banks defended their dividend policies .
Anne Finucane , Bank of America ’s global marketing and corporate affairs executive , said the company would use the money to strengthen its capital base .
“ We will not use it to increase our dividends , ” Finucane said .
『アーキテクチャの生態系』の人の書いた文章です。
なんか他の方の発言はポジショントークというか、事件に寄せていつもの自分の得意な話を書いている感が強いものでした。いや、それはそれで面白いものもありましたが（東浩紀インタビューは、何だか湾岸戦争の時の高橋源一郎を彷彿とさせて面白かったりとか）。
その中で、濱野さんの文章は、犯人Kが書いたのが2ちゃんねるではなくMega-Viewだったのはなぜか、という、一見些細な、というよりは重箱の隅のような疑問から論をおこしていきます。そしてそこで示されたのは、2ちゃんねるという「ネタ的なコミュニケーション」の場と、そこに〈包摂〉されずにいた犯人Kの孤独の姿でした。
2ちゃんねらーたちは、Kの事件が起きた後も、今日も快調に くだらない「ネタ」で笑いあっている。 （略） 多くの2ちゃんねらーたちにとって、Kは「英雄」でもなければ 「 神」でもない。ただの「ネタ」なのだ。
Kのような人間は2ちゃんねるにいっぱいおり、彼らは不遇をネタ的コミュニケーションによって解消している。しかし、Kにはそれができなかった。そして行き着いたMega-Viewでも安住することができず、結果、実世界で最悪の形で暴発することになってしまった。むしろ、2ちゃんねらーやニコ厨的な、ネタ的コミュニケーションによって不満を解消できる2ちゃんねらーが「敵」として認識されていたのではないか。
筆者はそのように分析をし、さらにその上で、「ここから先の文章は、ほとんど筆者の個人的な「思い」の域を出るものではないが」と留保を置きながら、「思い」を吐露します。Kの悩んでいた諸問題は、ある意味ではどこにでもある一般的な悩みであり、VIPPERたちはそのような悩みを、自虐的なネタ的コミュニケーションによって解消している。もし、そのような形で、2ちゃんねらーたちとともに、Kも悩みを解消することができたのであれば……
もしかしたら、Kには、あのような事件を引き起こすことなく、
その輪のなかで笑っていた「別の人生」もありえたかもしれない からだ。もしKに何がしか「共感」しうるものがあるとすれば、 それはその「もしかしたら」の姿なのである。
あの事件について書かれた文章の中で、一番心に残るものでした。あの事件に思うところのある方には、一読を勧めたいです。
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Prashant Mangeshikar could be dead , one of more than a hundred victims of militant attacks across Mumbai landmarks , if it had not been for an employee at the Taj Mahal Hotel .
Mangeshikar , his wife and daughter were in the foyer of the 105 - year - old hotel on Wednesday night when Islamist gunmen opened indiscriminate fire in one of a series of coordinated attacks in India ’s financial capital .
Recovering from the initial shock and chaos , hotel staff shepherded the guests , including the Mangeshikar family , through the service section upstairs -- only suddenly to come face to face with one of the gunmen .
“ He looked young and did not speak to us .
He just fired .
We were in sort of a single file , ” Mangeshikar , a 52 - year - old gynecologist , told Reuters .
“ The man in front of my wife shielded us .
He was a maintenance section staff .
He took the bullets . ”
The tale of the unnamed staff member has echoed across Mumbai where , time after time , hotel workers have emerged as the people who shielded , hid or evacuated their wealthy guests from militants at the Taj and Trident / Oberoi hotels .
Hotel workers in one case ushered guests into a conference room and then locked the doors to protect them from the militants .
The guests were later rescued by the fire brigade .
The staff often proved essential , knowing short cuts to safety and where emergency exits were located .
SPRAYING BULLETS
Within seconds after Mangeshikar ’s family was saved from the bullets , the guests made a dash for the hotel rooms to hide .
Mangeshikar and a few others dragged the wounded hotel employee identified only as “ Mr. Rajan ” into one of the rooms .
“ His intestine was a lump hanging from a gaping hole in his abdomen , ” he said .
“ The bullet had entered him from close to the spine . ”
For the next 12 hours , Mangeshikar and other guests surrounded the wounded man trying to push back his intestines with bedsheets and stop the bleeding .
He was finally evacuated , but it was not known if he survived .
“ The hotel staff has been very , very brave , ” Mangeshikar said .
“ Hats off to them . ”
As the gunmen went around spraying bullets , on another floor hotel staff struggled to secure the doors with bedsheets and put tables and beds against the doors .
Televisions had gone off .
Power also went out .
Some people tried desperately to call their family on cell phones .
Kanda Noriyaki , a chef at the hotel ’s Japanese restaurant , led guests trembling and screaming with fear to safety .
“ We hid in the restaurant , ” Noriyaki told Reuters .
“ We could hear the firing somewhere very close .
Intermittently , there were blasts . ”
Many evacuees from the hotel hailed the bravery of the staff .
“ Just imagine , they even served us food the first few hours , ” said a hotel guest , who did not wish to be named .
“ Only when the kitchens became out of bounds did they express regret for not being able to serve us food . ”
One person recounted how Taj staff stopped panicky guests from rushing into the lobby where militants could have shot them .
“ They were brilliant , ” Bhisham Mansukhani told the Mail Today .
“ If they had n’t kept their cool , many more lives would have been lost . ”
The wife and children of the Taj ’s general manager who lived on the hotel premises were killed in the attacks .
Witnesses said many trainee chefs had been killed in the kitchen of the Taj .
Mangeshikar said that , but for the courage of Mr. Rajan , his wife and daughter could have been dead .
“ I ’m going out today to the hospital to find out what happened to him , ” he said .
“ I owe it to that brave man . ”
Donuts +
The Internet = World Domination
This week ’s presidential election has inadvertently exposed the secret to world domination — and it all comes down to deep - fried pastries and the power of the Internet .
Let me explain :
The folks at Google provided some updates on the hottest search terms throughout Election Day .
By mid-afternoon , 87 percent of the most commonly searched terms were election - related .
No surprise , right ?
But of those election - related searches , 17 percent were about finding free stuff for voting .
Namely , food .
Places such as Starbucks , Ben and Jerry’s , and Krispy Kreme offered up treats all day to anyone wearing those fun little “ I voted ” stickers .
( In what we can only hope is a coincidence , the 18th hottest Google search term by midday was “ ‘ I voted ’ stickers . ”
Come on , people … really ? )
Here ’s where it gets good , though :
By about noon , those hunger - driven searches actually outnumbered searches for terms like , say , “ Barack Obama , ” or “ John McCain . ”
Maybe it ’s a sign of America ’s ever - expanding weight problem .
Or maybe it ’s a sign of this country ’s real currency — delicious things .
Because , let ’s face it , a warm donut with some ice cream and a frappuccino is pretty damned delicious .
Republican , Democrat , independent — does n’t matter .
It is tasty .
End of story .
So perhaps there is a lesson to be learned here , and it ’s one anyone who works in an office can attest to .
When you want something done , offer free food .
Even better , publicize the offer on the Internet .
Are you listening , Mr. President ?
Make it delicious , put it online , and they will respond .
Mmm…donuts .
Sprinkles good .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama leads Republican John McCain in five of eight key battleground states as Americans prepare to vote in the White House race , according to a series of Reuters / Zogby polls released on Tuesday .
Obama expanded his national lead to 11 points over McCain among likely U.S. voters in a separate Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby tracking poll , up from 7 points on Sunday .
The telephone poll has a margin of error of 2.9 percentage points .
Obama appeared to be firmly in command of the presidential battle as Americans head to the polls on Tuesday , with McCain struggling to beat back a challenge from Obama in about a dozen states won by President George W. Bush in 2004 .
The new state surveys showed Obama with a slim 1 - point lead in Florida and 2 - point edge in Ohio , within the margin of error of 4.1 percentage points .
Obama had bigger leads in Virginia and Nevada .
Those four states , all won by Bush in the last election , have a combined 65 electoral votes .
Along with states won by Democrat John Kerry in 2004 where Obama safely leads , they would give Obama 317 electoral votes -- more than the 270 needed to win the White House .
Obama leads by 10 percentage points in Pennsylvania , which McCain has targeted as his best chance to steal a state won by Kerry in 2004 .
The classic bellwether state of Missouri , where Obama led by 1 percentage point on Monday , is now dead even at 49 percent .
McCain leads Obama by 5 points , 50 percent to 45 percent , in Indiana , a state that has not supported a Democrat for president since 1964 .
Obama plans an Election Day visit there to try to drum up the vote .
McCain leads Obama by a 1 - point margin in North Carolina , which has not been in the Democratic column since 1976 .
“ Obama ’s national lead grew overnight as the undecideds decided he defines the mantle of change , ” said pollster John Zogby .
“ It looks like it could be a big victory for Obama , and McCain has to win essentially all of the states still in play . ”
TWO BIG PRIZES
The race was tight in the states that offer the two biggest prizes where the outcome is uncertain -- Florida with 27 electoral votes and Ohio with 20 .
An Obama victory in either could kill McCain ’s hopes of a comeback win .
In Florida , Obama leads McCain 49 percent to 48 percent .
The two were dead even at 47 percent one week ago .
Obama ’s Ohio lead is 49 percent to 47 percent , down from a 6 - point edge on Monday .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Obama widened his edge in Nevada from 8 points to 11 points and now leads 53 percent to 42 percent .
He also expanded his advantage in Virginia , where he concluded his campaign on Monday with a late - night rally , from 6 to 9 points and now leads 52 percent to 43 percent .
In the national poll , Obama moved to big leads among some of the crucial voting blocs on Tuesday .
Obama leads by 24 points among independents and 19 points among women .
He leads in every age group and among every income level .
McCain ’s lead among whites fell from 13 points to 7 points , and he is attracting just 29 percent of Hispanics .
In 2004 , Bush won more than 40 percent of Hispanics .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Both independent Ralph Nader and Libertarian Bob Barr were at 1 percent in the survey .
The rolling national tracking poll , taken Friday through Sunday , surveyed 1,226 likely voters in the presidential election .
In a tracking poll , the most recent day ’s results are added , while the oldest day ’s results are dropped to monitor changing momentum .
The state surveys were taken Friday through Monday with a sample in each state of between 600 and 605 likely voters .
The margin of error in all eight states was 4.1 percentage points .
Barack Obama 's campaign unveiled its latest attack ad this morning -- a 13 - minute " documentary " on John McCain 's ties to Charles Keating , the chairman of the Lincoln Savings and Loan Assn . who was charged with fraud , racketeering and conspiracy in the savings - and - loan scandal of the late 1980s .
The ad was rolled out with the same kind of promotional fanfare that you 'd expect for the latest indie flick .
Over the weekend , Obama campaign manager David Plouffe introduced a 30 - second preview of the film ( " Keating Economics : John McCain and the Making of a Financial Crisis " ) in an e-mail to the campaign 's extensive list of supporters .
Plouffe urged recipients to forward the e-mail " to everyone you know " and to stay tuned for the premiere of the full spot .
It debuted at noon EDT ( 9 a.m. PDT ) today on a website specifically created for it .
Production - wise , the spot shows what a campaign awash with money can accomplish these days ; it 's heads and shoulders above the average political ad ( as well as being far more ambitious in length ) .
Clearly , it was in the works for a while -- and comes now as McCain 's campaign over the weekend launched a new effort , assaulting Obama for his ties to Bill Ayers , a founder of the notorious Weather Underground radical group almost 40 years ago .
-- Kate Linthicum
Hundreds of penguins have been jet - lifted to their native home in the Southern Atlantic Ocean , after washing up lost and tired on the beaches of Northern Brazil .
[ social_buttons ]
At least 1,000 penguins this year to date , have washed up on Brazilian beaches .
Though it is normal for penguins to travel North from their South Atlantic home in search of food , it is rare that they swim all the way to northern states of Brazil , and authorities are amazed that the penguins just keep coming .
Some experts have offered that because the migration of penguins is closely related to their food supply , this unusual journey suggests that something has gone awry with their normal fish stocks .
No one knows whether changes in water temperatures and ocean currents are to blame , or man-made pollution .
Some of the birds were found covered in oil .
Other birds were found to have been eating fish that are not part of their usual diet .
Hundreds of penguins were flown this week in a Hercules plane down to more southern seas , where they are being released into the ocean .
Other birds are catching a ride home on a navy vessel .
Still others , tired from their journey , are laying over in the Brazilian state of Bahia until they recover .
Source : BBC
Photo : WikiMedia Creative Commons
Acorn : ' Not this time '
Acorn attacks McCain and defends itself in a new ad .
ALL Ages and Stages ( 18 ) Animals ( 47 ) Antiques ( 28 ) Appliances ( 21 ) Architecture ( 28 ) Art ( 13 ) Astronomy ( 23 ) Automobiles ( 60 ) Beaches ( 10 ) Bicycles ( 26 ) Birds ( 21 ) Boats ( 25 ) Body Language ( 19 ) Body Rules ( 57 ) Books ( 29 ) Building ( 57 ) Business ( 94 ) Camping ( 6 ) Carpentry ( 21 ) Cats ( 17 ) Cattle ( 30 ) Certain Places ( 21 ) Chess ( 18 ) Childbirth ( 11 ) Children ( 68 ) Climbing ( 12 ) Clothing ( 42 ) College ( 30 ) Color ( 13 ) Computers ( 84 ) Containers ( 8 ) Conversations ( 50 ) Cooking ( 104 ) Crafts ( 20 ) Crime ( 46 ) Death ( 15 ) Design ( 19 ) Dieting ( 40 ) Doctors ( 20 ) Dogs ( 32 ) Drinking ( 22 ) Driving ( 100 ) Durability ( 15 ) Editing ( 12 ) Education ( 42 ) Eggs ( 12 ) Electricity ( 19 ) Emotions ( 19 ) Energy ( 20 ) Entertaining ( 29 ) Entertainment ( 10 ) Environment ( 5 ) Equivalents ( 8 ) Exercise ( 34 ) Exploration ( 17 ) Eyes ( 17 ) Farming ( 39 ) Fasteners ( 10 ) Finding Things ( 16 ) Fish ( 27 ) Flying ( 63 ) Fruit ( 24 ) Fuel ( 22 ) Gambling ( 33 ) Games ( 12 ) Gardening ( 44 ) Green Living ( 4 ) Grooming ( 20 ) Groups ( 16 ) Habits ( 22 ) Handwriting ( 7 ) Health ( 68 ) Hiking ( 20 ) Hitchhiking ( 6 ) Holidays ( 6 ) Horses ( 26 ) House and Home ( 72 ) Illness ( 16 ) Injuries ( 21 ) Insects ( 13 ) Insurance ( 10 ) Jobs ( 39 ) Joker ( 112 ) Landscaping ( 5 ) Language ( 29 ) Lawyers ( 26 ) Listening ( 12 ) Logging ( 13 ) Magazines ( 12 ) Mail ( 15 ) Mail - order ( 9 ) Management ( 35 ) Maple Syrup ( 7 ) Marriage ( 29 ) Mathematics ( 20 ) Measuring ( 26 ) Mechanics ( 16 ) Military ( 33 ) Miscellaneous ( 82 ) Money ( 57 ) Movies and Film ( 44 ) Music ( 46 ) Negotiating ( 20 ) Neighborhoods ( 9 ) Parachutes ( 6 ) Parenting ( 7 ) Personalities ( 18 ) Photography ( 33 ) Politics ( 41 ) Precipitation ( 37 ) Proportions ( 9 ) Quality ( 14 ) Radio ( 8 ) Real Estate ( 48 ) Relationships ( 67 ) Religion ( 12 ) Restaurants ( 53 ) Romance ( 22 ) Running ( 18 ) Safety ( 27 ) Sales ( 31 ) Science ( 21 ) Scuba Diving ( 11 ) Shellfish ( 9 ) Shopping ( 31 ) Sleep ( 17 ) Speaking ( 28 ) Sports ( 58 ) Stock ( 30 ) Storage ( 12 ) Survival ( 25 ) Talking to girls ( 7 ) Talking to guys ( 0 ) Telephones ( 20 ) Television ( 2 ) Temperature ( 24 ) Tests ( 11 ) Texture ( 8 ) The Mind ( 2 ) Theater ( 8 ) Time ( 18 ) Tools ( 16 ) Trains ( 9 ) Travel ( 69 ) Trees ( 19 ) Uncategorized ( 96 ) Video ( 14 ) Wastes ( 9 ) Water ( 13 ) Weapons ( 23 ) Weather ( 62 ) Wind ( 16 ) Wine ( 24 ) Writing ( 59 )
Query Apache logfiles via SQL
asql is a simple console shell which allows you to run SQL queries against an Apache logfile , something that can be very useful - especially at getting information which is not easily available via static logfile analysers .
Download asql
The links below should allow you to download the code in your preferred form : README.txt
asql-1.7.tar.gz
asql-1.7.tar.gz.asc
- 1 k ( GPG signature which may be validated using my GPG key ) .
In terms of requirements you will need only the Perl modules for working with SQLite database , and the Term : : Readline module .
Upon a Debian system you may install both via : apt - get install libdbd - sqlite3 - perl libterm - readline - gnu- perl
Usage Overview
Once installed , either via the package or via the source download , please start the shell by typing " asql " .
Once the shell starts you have several commands available to you , enter help for a complete list .
The three most commonly used commands would be : load
This will load an Apache logfile into the temporary database which is created at startup .
Single files , or globs are accepted so you may run something like this : load / var / log / apache2 / acces *
To save time parsing the input files more than once you may saving the resulting database with save and later restore it .
select
This allows you to run an actual query .
show
This shows the table structure the logfile was parsed into .
Sample session
Not all attrition is bad .
Planned attrition is desirable for the growth of your business .
I know of a small scale businessman , who after losing a few trained hands
did the most desperate thing .
He limited his employees ’ access to training and product information to make them unattractive to poachers .
He effectively stalled the growth of his own , flourishing company .
Planned attrition could in fact be desirable for the growth of your business .
That is why smart organizations do n’t act in haste when they begin to lose trained employees to rivals .
They respond by devising innovative retention solutions , unique to their business needs .
This post is about these unique , retention strategies .
According to Manpower Inc. , a leading , HR Services firm , the global best practice is to measure retention , the cost and causes of unplanned attrition .
A small business owner should ask herself : “ Why are people leaving me ? ” And , more importantly , “ What can I achieve in terms of customer satisfaction and profits with a 10 percent improvement in retention ” ?
The analysis can be very revealing .
By a conservative estimate however , the cost of replacing a trained employee can be roughly 0.41 times his / her salary .
( Source : Conference Board , a Washington , DC - based workplace think - tank . )
This does not include the opportunity lost , so imagine the colossal waste when a talented worker decides to make an unplanned exit !
Talent is the fuel that drives a small business
When Nobel Prize - winning economist Gary S. Becker coined the term “ human capital ” things were vastly different .
Today , people drive business .
They are the assets and market capitalization of a company .
And when they leave your company in the evening , the value of your business is zero .
Attracting and retaining talent is one of the most vital functions of an organization today .
Share information ; be open
Employees need information to perform .
Very often , the difference between a star performer and the not - so - star is just information .
This additional information could be could be your plans , vision , minor and incremental updates , and it could be of no consequence in the immediate term but could prepare the employee for a greater role in the organization .
An unfettered access to knowledge tools ensures that everyone can claim an equal share in the success of your business .
Salary is just a hygiene factor – not a motivator
If you ask what motivates employees , it ’s not what comes to their bank account at the end of the month .
It ’s about what they do every moment and their view of what their work life will be going forward .
For most people , it ’s not about salary .
Unless , salary is lower than their expectations .
Often , good working environment , work culture , learning and development , is rated as a top retention tool .
People are also attracted to freedom to choose projects they want to work on , job rotation etc .
Refine your hiring process
Try to fix the problem where it starts .
You have to get in the right people in order to keep them there .
Identify the gaps in your recruitment process and begin to plug them systematically .
If you bring in a misfit , the person will leave eventually .
If you bring in the right person ( role - wise , aspirations - wise , compensation - wise , culture - wise ) the person stays and wants to excel .
If not , it ’s just a matter of time .
Let candidates experience your workplace
A good strategy , could be to let prospects “ experience the role ” by visiting your workplace and interacting with current employees , before they are asked to make a decision about accepting the offer .
In my experience
this can sometimes stem attrition by almost 50 % !
Assess your manpower needs clearly , so you do n’t hire in a hurry , or oversell the job to someone who is unable to eventually meet your skill needs .
Listen to your employees ; do n’t underestimate the value of an exit interview
When an employee comes back to you with a problem , listen patiently .
They could be wrong .
You could be right .
But listen to them .
And listen to them often .
Take feedback often .
Ask them if they are enjoying their work , if something is hindering their performance , what else you could do to help them perform better .
Never commit the mistake of not asking feedback .
If you do n’t they think you do n’t bother about them .
If you ask , it tells them that you value them and their opinion .
If the employee does leave , take an exit interview .
The feedback gathered , in a relaxed , non-judgmental climate can be extremely helpful in addressing core attrition issues .
About : p2w2 is an online marketplace for services like writing , accounting , software , graphic design , virtual assistance , research etc that can be fully delivered online .
Small businesses in the US and Canada can use p2w2 to outsource their service requirements for faster execution and time to market .
Picture credits : “ Excited Employee ” ( top ) Photo Mojo ; Peacock in full plumage with its extravagant tail ( middle ) Arindam ’s PhotoWorld ; Employees only emdot
As David already discussed , constitutional - law expert Jonathan Turley joined Rachel last night to discuss the fate of top Bush administration figures involved in " harsh interrogation techniques . "
The White House has indicated that Bush will not be issuing blanket pardons , but the Wall Street Journal later reported that that 's because it's " unnecessary " to do so .
Turley makes a critical point in the interview -- namely , that the moral burden of torture is on the backs of each one of us until these people are brought to justice .
And it will be profoundly immoral to let them go :
" We have third world countries that when they have found that their leaders committed torture war crimes , they prosecuted them .
But the most successful democracy in history is just , I think , about to see war crimes , do nothing about it .
And that 's an indictment not just of George Bush and his administration .
It 's the indictment of all of us if we walk away from a clear war crime and say it 's time for another commission . "
Turley lays out a powerful case that 's pretty hard to argue with .
A wave of reconciliation and forgiveness seems to be sweeping Washington , but sanctioning torture and destroying America 's moral credibility around the world is something that can't simply be ignored .
I 'm not opposed to a commission per se , but the commission MUST be granted sweeping investigatory powers and a mandate to prosecute any and all wrongdoing found to have been committed .
Anything less is unacceptable .
Full transcript below the fold :
( h/t Heather )
MADDOW : Yesterday , 14 lucky convicts were pardoned by President Bush , thanks to Article 2 , Section 2 of our Constitution , which gives the president the right to basically pardon anyone he wants .
And you know what ?
Pardon - seeking makes for strange bedfellows .
With about 56 days left of the Bush administration , it 's time once again for the RACHEL MADDOW SHOW 's " Lame Duck Watch , " because somebody 's got to do it .
Meet John Edward Forte , first man we 're going to talk about today .
A Grammy Award - winning rapper and former producer for the rap group , " The Fugees . "
He was caught in 2000 with two briefcases filled with $ 1.4 million worth of liquid cocaine .
So who was advocating for Forte 's release ?
Lauryn Hill ?
Wyclef ?
How about Carly Simon and Republican Senator Orrin Hatch from Utah ?
Two of a kind .
It turns out that Forte and Carly 's son , Ben , became BFFs in prep school , and she has been lobbying several politicians on Forte 's behalf , including Sen .
Hatch .
Forte will walk out of federal prison next month after serving half of his 14 - year sentence .
I bet you can't guess who Bush will not be pardoning , though .
How about former administration officials involved in harsh interrogations and detentions of terror suspects ?
And when I say harsh interrogations , yes , I mean torture .
According to the " Wall Street Journal " White House officials say they do n't believe they have to pardon anyone that the Justice 's Department torture memos make such pardons unnecessary .
You remember those memos , right ?
Part of the Bush administration 's unofficial game plan to move the goal posts until the kick goes through .
Now , the way this works in the case of torture that the goal post moving was to dismiss the Geneva Convention and other laws by using the veneer of serious legal scholarship to create an illusion that these near - death interrogation tactics and understanding executive power were somehow legal , somehow legitimate .
So , the kick is up and apparently , it might be good .
They have - they may be getting away with this by having used this legal rationale that makes no sense on its face and that nobody believe they were trying to get away with .
It is an old trick .
It 's first publicly enunciated by that pioneer of high crimes and misdemeanors , Richard Nixon .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
RICHARD NIXON , FORMER UNITED STATES PRESIDENT :
When the president does it , that means that it is not illegal .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : The question here is has the administration effectively gotten itself off the legal hook by asserting that because the president has done it , it is not illegal ?
Joining us now is Jonathan Turley , who is a professor of Constitutional Law at George Washington University .
Professor
Turley , thanks for joining us again .
Nice to see you .
JONATHAN TURLEY , PROFESSOR OF CONSTITUTIONAL LAW , GEORGE WASHINGTON
UNIVERSITY : Hi , Rachel .
MADDOW : So the White House says now , at least to the " Wall Street Journal , " that they are not likely to pardon anyone who might have implemented or taken part in these torture policies because they believe that their Justice Department memos excuse them , so there 's no need to pardon anyone .
Are you buying their reasoning ?
TURLEY : No .
I do n't believe that anyone seriously believes in the administration that what they did was legal .
This is not a close legal question .
Waterboarding is torture .
It has been defined as a war crime by U.S. courts and foreign courts .
There 's no ambiguity in it .
That 's exactly why they have repeatedly tried to stop any court from reviewing any of this .
And so what 's really happening here is a rather clever move at this intersection of law and politics , that what the administration is doing is they know that the people that want him to pardon our torture program is primarily the Democrats , not the Republicans .
Democratic leadership would love to have a pardon so they could go to their supporters and say , " Look , there 's really nothing we could do .
We 're just going to have this truth commission .
We 'll get the truth out but there really can't be indictments now . "
Well , the Bush administration is calling their bluff .
They know that the Democratic leadership will not allow criminal investigations or indictments .
And in that way the Democrats will actually repair Bush 's legacy because he 'll be able to say there 's nothing stopping indictments or prosecutions but a Democratic Congress and a Democratic White House did n't think there was any basis for it .
MADDOW : If the Democrats - if we could wave a magic wand and say that the Democrats would decide to indict officials for the torture policies , is there any reason to believe that the John Yoo memos , the torture memos , the Bybee memos - all of these legal reasoning that the Justice Department produced under Bush in order to sort of paper their way to these policies .
Is there any reason to believe that would afford them any reasonable defense ?
TURLEY : Not in my view .
I think those memos are really devoid of any meaningful arguments that would carry weight in a court of law .
What Bush did is he went and got fairly extreme individuals from the academy and from the bar that would ratify his absolute view of executive authority .
There is a very small number of people , I believe , on the courts or in the bar that would support that view .
And so there 's not a question , at least in my view , whether there could be an indictable and a prosecutable here .
There 's no question about that .
The question is the intestinal fortitude of the Democrats to stand with the rule of law .
And unfortunately , we have many people who campaign on principle but they govern on politics .
And I think we 're seeing that with the Democratic balloon they 're floating by saying , " Let 's have a commission , another commission , like the 9/11 commission .
And maybe if we find something that can be prosecuted in four or five years , we might do it . "
Well , everyone in Washington knows that that commission is being proposed so that there would be no serious criminal investigation or prosecution .
And now , the White House is calling their bluff .
MADDOW : Draw some bright lines for us here .
If - just thinking about this as Americans , not even as people who are concerned with the political ramifications , but just thinking about the safety of our Constitution and our national moral legacy , what are the bright lines that need to be drawn ?
What would need to be done , and soon , in order to ensure that torture is clearly illegal in the United States , that there 's no ambiguity in our law or in our policy around that issue , and that we can once again say we are a nation that does not torture and we can say it without lying ?
What would have to be done ?
TURLEY : You know , Rachel , there has never been a brighter line .
This has always been a crime .
It 's always been a war crime .
It 's always been immoral .
The question is not whether the act is immoral , but whether moral people will stand forward and say , " We 're not going to act like politicians for once .
We 're going to act like statesmen and we 're going to stand by principle and we 're going to say , ' Yes , let 's investigate . '
And if there are crimes here , let 's prosecute . "
And I think it 's so very , very simple .
You know , we have third world countries that when they have found that their leaders committed torture war crimes , they prosecuted them .
But the most successful democracy in history is just , I think , about to see war crimes , do nothing about it .
And that 's an indictment not just of George Bush and his administration .
It 's the indictment of all of us if we walk away from a clear war crime and say it 's time for another commission .
MADDOW : Jonathan Turley , professor of Constitutional Law at George Washington University .
Thank you very much .
TURLEY : Thanks , Rachel .
The TNR post does n't offer much insight into the note itself -- except to call attention to the bulleted points on the right , in which Palin outlines her qualifications for running for mayor .
It 's the information in the middle and the bottom of the document , however , which I find most relevant .
I believe the sample , in fact , might actually help us understand what Palin was doing during her debate with Biden .
With all that in mind , I 've been looking at the " Palin doodle document " that has been floating around the past few days , and find it really fascinating -- especially in light of that Veep debate .
The note was provided to The New Republic by a woman named Laura Chase .
According to Chase -- who was a colleague of Palin's on the Wasilla city council and Palin 's campaign manager in her first mayoral race -- Palin scribbled these notes on the back of a City Hall budget passed out during a 1996 Wasilla City Council meeting .
Like the Ulysses strategy for dealing with sirens , I 'm convinced that the safest way to encounter Sarah Palin is by reading the transcript of comments she happens to spontaneously offer in public -- however few and far between .
Based on a couple of interviews , as well as her debate with Joe Biden , the discrepancy between how she comes off on TV as opposed to on paper is , simply put , mind blowing .
In spite of how palatable she was on stage during the V.P debate , the written narrative -- reminiscent of the Couric interview -- careens back - and - forth between awkward and barely coherent .
If you look at my post on the V.P. debate , my third point offers screen shots of Palin writing and also looking down and reading .
As I wrote :
Palin , the former sportscaster , did an impressive job sounding spontaneous while working from a combination of rote memory , as well what seemed like both pre-written and written notes .
The delivery was pretty good , although the lack of follow - up questions allowed her to avoid most specificity and change the subject at will .
If you watched Palin when she was n't speaking though , you 'll see she spent almost the entire debate making notes .
( Like Bush , I think Palin is probably quite skilled at working off a combination of memory and a written script .
Apparently , she thought she could get away with same in the Couric interview , but did n't expect follow - ups asking for specifics and examples . )
Considering the Wasilla document in the context of Palin 's behavior at the debate the other night , let 's take a look at the passage above in the middle of the page .
It reads :
" City Hall says it sees the need for an increase in sales and property tax to pay for some local politicians " wish list . "
There is no need to raise taxes .
Wasilla is collecting two million dollars a year more than what we had projected when we sold the sales tax proposal to you four years ago ! "
If you notice , the passage not only relates to City Hall business , but specifically to the budget .
I 'd be willing to bet -- if a transcript could be found from that City Council meeting -- that Palin spoke these three complete sentences out loud to the council after writing them down for herself .
Supporting the assumption , notice how Palin actually encloses the sentences in quotation marks ; adds guidelines for emphasis with underlines and exclamation marks ; adopts a rhetorical confrontational tone ; and also ends with emphatic punch .
Now , compare the strategy suggested by this twelve - year - old sample with how Palin dealt with the Biden debate .
Given how Palin was eagerly writing almost every moment she was n't speaking ; and given that she and Biden were allowed pen and paper but were n't allowed to bring pre-written notes ; and given that most of her responses also ended with an emphatic punch ( or a " zinger , " as she called it ) ; and also given that throughout the transcript of the V.P. debate , you can see instances where Palin sounds more coherent for a sentence or two before descending back into disjointed fragments or sentences without clear beginnings , middles or ends , it seems reasonable to assume that Palin -- having some kind of confidence problem , perhaps -- approaches most extemporaneous speaking by either a. ) avoiding it altogether , b. ) having everything written out in advance , or c. ) relying on rote memory , and scripting as much as possible on - the - spot .
He said victims sometimes suffer even if they have the courage to come forward , as the authorities may not believe their stories and then contact their families , with the result that they suffer even worse abuse afterwards .
If they run away from home , meanwhile , they are left isolated from their communities .
By Nick Davis
BBC News , Ocho Rios , Jamaica
A good beach is seen as a valuable asset to hotels in Jamaica Police in Jamaica are investigating the suspected theft of hundreds of tons of sand from a beach on the island 's north coast .
It was discovered in July that 500 truck - loads had been removed outside a planned resort at Coral Spring beach .
Detectives say people in the tourism sector could be suspects , because a good beach is seen as a valuable asset to hotels on the Caribbean island .
But a lack of arrests made since July have led to criticism of the police .
' Complex investigation '
The beach at Coral Springs , in Jamaica 's northern parish of Trelawny , was 400 metres ( 1,300 ft ) of white sand .
The 0.5 - hectare strand was to form part a resort complex costing US $ 108 m , but the theft of its most important feature has led to its developers putting their plans on hold .
Illegal sand mining is a problem in Jamaica ; the tradition of people building their own homes here means there is a huge demand for the construction material .
However , the large volume and the type of sand taken made suspicion point towards the hotel industry .
There is some suspicion that some police were in collusion with the movers of the sand
Mark Shields
Deputy Commissioner of Police
The disappearance was deemed so important that the Prime Minister , Bruce Golding , also took an interest in the theft and ordered a report into how 500 truckloads of sand was stolen , transported and presumably sold .
Three months on , and with no arrests or charges in the case , the main opposition People 's National Party have suggested that some people now think there has been a cover up .
But the deputy commissioner for crime at the Jamaica Constabulary Force , Mark Shields , insisted this was not an open - and - shut case .
" It 's a very complex investigation because it involves so many aspects , " he told the BBC .
" You 've got the receivers of the stolen sand , or what we believe to be the sand .
The trucks themselves , the organisers and , of course , there is some suspicion that some police were in collusion with the movers of the sand . "
Police said they were carrying out forensic tests on beaches along the coast to see if any of it matches the stolen sand .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
You do n’t know how good you ’ve got it .
With the latest generation , you ’ve got one of the most sophisticated pieces of technology in the world sitting under your television ( or sitting on your desk ) , obediently pumping out hundreds of thousands of polygons a second and making trillions of calculations , all so you can sit there grunting about how the draw distance is n’t that great , or how the characters ’ faces are n’t that well animated .
Well , it ’s time for a history lesson .
Over the next few pages we ’ll be looking at gaming ’s unsung heroes – objects like rocks , puddles and , er , breasts – and how they ’ve changed over the decades .
After you ’ve witnessed the horrors within , you ’ll never complain about graphics again .
Well , not much .
You ’ll thank the stars your character has a fully animated face , however wonky , and more than three pre-set animations .
You ’ll skip merrily through the battlefield gazing at 3D barrels , thankful they no longer look like grey , pixelly potato croquettes .
You ’ll gaze ( even more ) longingly at Taki from Soul Calibur ’s jiggling breasts , overjoyed at the fact that … well , you get the idea .
Let ’s go .
The humble tree
Horace Goes Skiing , Sinclair Spectrum , 1982
This tree is blue .
Could the developer have , at least , made them green ?
Even the trunk is blue , but hey – who needs realism ?
Anyone looking at this picture will understand it ’s a tree , so scratch ‘ one ’ for games – the 8 - bit graphics have clearly done their job .
Still , this is the videogame equivalent of cave drawings .
Sonic The Hedgehog , Sega Genesis / Mega Drive , 1991
The 16 - bit consoles could afford more colors and bigger tiles for sprites , but they usually looked as convincing as a flat , pixilated picture of a tree could .
However , artistic license enabled Sonic
Team to create stylized palm trees that still look superb , with pseudo - 3D hints and bold slabs of color .
A giant leap forward .
Virtua Racing , Arcade , 1992
Now we ’re getting somewhere .
While clearly not as detailed as the previous example , in Virtua Racing trees finally planted their roots in fast - moving , true 3D .
OK , so it ’s just a green pyramid with a basic slab of brown trunk , but you can almost smell the virtual pine freshness from here .
Mmmm .
Super Mario 64 , N64 , 1996
Not 3D , but this tree is a convincingly - shaded , playfully toy - like 2D sprite .
It almost looks as if it ’s been modeled in clay .
Being flat , the sprite would move depending on where the camera was facing , but considering this was the first truly free - roaming 3D world , we could forgive the foliage ’s technical shortcomings .
The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion , PC/360 / PS3 , 2007
Thick , gnarled trunks , dense , wafting foliage and a full reaction to weather make Oblivion ’s trees the finest examples in gaming to date .
If someone had told us this was an in - game shot in 1982 , we would have said ... well , nothing actually .
But we would definitely have choked on our Farley ’s Rusks .
By Ben Cohen
I 'm making a concerted effort to pay attention to conservative writers during these tumultuous economic times , mostly because I want to see which ones are exhibiting any signs of intelligence .
Many of them have quickly abandoned their small government pretenses and are calling for drastic federal action to stave off the recession .
But some are sticking to their guns , obstinate in their belief in the free market , and convinced government is the problem , not the solution .
Neo Con extremist Charles Krauthammer has been true to form , ignoring all the evidence and judiciously spinning his own ludicrous take on events .
Krauthammer wants the government to intervene and pump credit back into the economy , but heaven forbid they start to tell banks and industry how they must behave .
For Krauthammer , free markets still reign supreme .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
In an article for the Wall St Journal , Krauthammer warns of the imminent danger the government will bring if it intervenes with the sanctity of free market capitalism .
He writes :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
The ruling Democrats have a choice : Rescue this economy to return it to
market control .
Or use this crisis to seize the commanding heights of
the economy for the greater social good .
Note :
The latter has already
been tried .
The results are filed under " History , ash heap of . "
Krauthammer 's take is interesting for a number of reasons .
Firstly , social democracies like Sweden , Norway and Denmark are amongst the most successful , egalitarian societies on earth , so Krauthammer is simply lying .
Secondly , as Noam Chomsky pointed out in an interview I conducted with him last month , government intervention in the market is nothing new .
It is as old as capitalism itself , and the defining engine of economic prosperity .
All of Western economic development follows a remarkably similar pattern - a strong , central government protects fledgling markets , subsidizes them while they are growing , then bails them out during times of crisis .
It is a story of socialized risk , and privatized profit , or corporate socialism if you will .
The market does exist , but only for the poor and middle classes who must fend for themselves without the support of Uncle Sam .
Yet the Krauthammers of this world ignore this fact , ascribing economic development to the ' Invisible Hand ' of the market .
He writes :
Republican minimalism -- saving the credit - issuing utilities --
certainly risks not doing enough .
But the Democratic drift toward
massive industrial policy threatens to grow into the guaranteed
inefficiencies of command - economy maximalism .
In this crisis , we agree to suspend the invisible hand of Adam Smith -- but not in order to be crushed by the heavy hand of government .
I 've often thought that a good percentage of economic conservatives do n't believe their philosophy actually helps the most people .
I think they are simply greedy , and want society to work in a way that benefits them regardless of the plight of others .
However , commentators like Krauthammer seem to genuinely believe in the doctrine of free market capitalism , and will subscribe to its purity no matter what .
If it crashes , it was n't ' free ' enough , and if does n't work , then human error is to blame .
His rigid belief that government is bad , and free markets are good has led to the current disaster , yet he is incapable of seeing it .
So Krauthammer , as loathsome as he appears , it not necessarily a bad person .
Just stupid .
Date Sat 29 November 2008 Tags Computing / Linux
Update : More Linux File Systems
Introduction
Although the file system is one of the most important pieces of an operating system , we generally put little thought into them these days .
Put bits in , pull bits out .
It usually works well enough for desktop systems - until the power fails - but even that is usually pretty painless these days .
On Linux , there are many contenders in the file system arena .
ext2 had been the standard for many years , though around 2001 and onward a few other choices become mainstream .
Without delving into too much history : journaling support was added to ext2 in the form of ext3 , ReiserFS is released , SGI ported XFS , and IBM ported JFS in no specific order .
For a few reasons , mostly political , ext3 becomes the de facto file system for Linux .
Classic File Systems
In what I will refer to as " classic " file systems , the idea is basically the same .
They essentially bolt journaling to the traditional file system UNIX layout .
Here are the highlights from each of these :
XFS is hailed by some for its excellent support of large files and large file systems , and has some nice modern amenities like extents , delayed allocation , and online defragmentation .
[ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xfs]
XFS is not without a fair share of faults though .
It 's a somewhat half hearted port in my opinion .
Mainly due to its IRIX roots , performance is usually comparable to the other era file systems but CPU usage is relatively high [ http://www.debian-administration.org/articles/388].
Data atrocities after power outage or machine crashes seem to be common and even design decision .
This LKML posting really struck a nerve with me : http://lkml.org/lkml/2007/3/28/316.
A lot can go wrong on the hardware side of things , and if a file system is not privy to this it is a recipe for disaster .
ZFS is a hero here with checksumming , which I will touch lightly later .
It is worth noting that XFS is still under active development and has a decent roadmap forward [ http://www.xfs.org]
ReiserFS ( Reiser3 ) is one of the first journaling file systems for Linux .
It has some initial growing pains , but is quite a nice file system by kernel 2.6 .
Performance is excellent with small files , but its scalability is questioned by many of the Linux elite [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reiserfs].
Hans Reiser then goes on to work on Reiser4 which is essentially a rewrite .
SUSE Linux keeps a few developers on it , but it becomes pretty clear that this is a doomed file system [ http://www.linux.com/feature/57788].
IBM 's JFS is another of the UNIX ports .
JFS traces its lineage back to IBM's AIX in 1990 .
An IBM team ports and improves it for use in OS / 2 and later releases the code as free , open source software ( FOSS ) .
The resulting Linux file system is noted for being scalable , resilient , and in particular easy on the CPU [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JFS_(file_system)].
It also includes extents support .
For whatever reason the kernel community and distros do n't really latch on to it .
JFS is basically just slowly maintained throughout its life cycle .
ext3 is a journaling extension of the Linux native ext2 .
Out of all the file systems in this generation , it is probably the least technologically advanced lacking features like extents .
What makes up for this is the easy upgrade path for ext2 users , relatively simple code base , and broad upstream adoption .
[ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ext3]
Broad upstream adoption makes ext3 winner for most users and distributions , and it is now the most stable and supported Linux file system .
In hindsight it seems somewhat tragic that JFS or even XFS did n't gain the traction that ext3 did to pull us through the " classic " era , but ext3 has proven very reliable and has received consistent care and feeding to keep it performing decently .
Nextgen File Systems
In 2005 , Sun Microsystems released the bombshell ZFS file system .
This ushered in the era of what I will call " nextgen " file systems .
As hard disks have gotten larger , strategies for backup , integrity checking , and support for large files have become much more important .
These file systems also aim to ease management by blurring the traditional VFS line or offering tight integration with LVM and RAID .
Silent corruption by bad hardware is also cause for alarm , and checksumming has been baked into some of these " nextgen " file systems to counter this .
In many ways , Linux was caught completely off guard and most developers were n't thinking very hard about the future of file systems prior to the ZFS release .
Reiser4 explored some interesting ideas and aimed to be a killer file system ( okay I 'm really tasteless ... ) but Hans Reiser enjoyed a particularly bitter relationship with other kernel devs .
Luckily , some even more advanced file systems have come into existence recently .
Reiser4 was the first effort for a next generation Linux file system .
Introduced in 2004 , it seemed to have some excellent new technology including transactions , delayed allocation , and an interesting plugin architecture for adding features like encryption and compression .
Hans Reiser even advertised using the file system directly as a database with advanced metadata .
Reiser , the primary developer , often rubbed other kernel developers the wrong way when championing his new file system .
Hans seemed to get defensive when questioned about code style and design decisions - particularly that of the plugin architecture .
I think that a lot of this was due to misunderstanding and bad tempers , but to this day Reiser4 has yet to enter Linus ' kernel tree .
With Hans Reiser 's murder conviction in 2008 , the future of Reiser4 was frequently called into question .
At this point it seems unlikely that Reiser4 will ever see upstream adoption , but some of the ideas explored have already been integrated into other " nextgen " file systems .
[ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reiser4#Integration_with_Linux].
ext4 was started as an effort to make a 64 bit ext3 to support large file systems .
Later , others ( Lustre , IBM , Bull - see [ Theodore T'so comment below , # 25 got involved and added extents , delayed allocation , online defragmentation , and more .
[ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ext4] ext4 enjoys forward compatibility with ext3 , and limited backward compatibility if extents are not enabled .
Again the clear advantage here is that it improves upon the stable ext3 base , provides an easy migration path , and has many great developers working on it .
However , it needs to be said that ext4 is still somewhat of a " classic " file system and does n't have the level of features and scalability that the other " nextgen " file systems do .
Btrfs is clearly Linux 's response to ZFS .
Started by Oracle , this project has gained backing from all of the major Linux corporations .
Traffic on LKML suggests that this will be the file system to carry on the torch from ext4 .
Btrfs ' key design feature is copy - on - write which will allow for inexpensive snapshots useful for backup and recovery .
The goal is to completely surpass ZFS however , and many exiting features such as data / journal checksums , tight device - mapper integration , built in RAID , online fsck , SSD optimization options and even in place ext3 upgrades are being worked on [ http://btrfs.wiki.kernel.org/].
On the tails of Btrfs , another advanced file system called Tux3 has been announced .
The project 's developers have been making use of FUSE to quickly prototype and test ideas .
The initial work on a kernel port has just been posted [ http://lkml.org/lkml/2008/11/26/13].
This project aims to do away with traditional journaling , instead playing back the logs ( or recovering ) on every mount .
It will also feature inexpensive snapshots and versioning .
The project 's developers seem to be quite good at championing their ideas , but I predict it will be up to 3 years before we see this ready for mainstream use since coding has really just begun [ http://tux3.org/].
Conclusions
With ext4 coming out in kernel 2.6.28 , we should have a nice holdover until Btrfs or Tux3 begin to stabilize .
The Btrfs developers have been working on a development sprint and it is likely that the code will be merged into Linus 's kernel within the next cycle or two [ http://www.heise-online.co.uk/news/Kernel-Log-Ext4-completes-development-phase-as-interim-step-to-btrfs--/111742].
It seems pretty clear that Solid State Disks ( SSD ) will be here for good .
Theoretically these should blow magnetic storage away in terms of speed .
We are already starting to see competitive write performance , and random access and IOPS are very impressive with the latest Intel SSDs .
It is good to know that Btrfs plans to incorporate SSD optimization from the start , but these new devices may warrant yet another file system to achieve maximum speed .
I personally think that wear leveling and FAT emulation are holding these devices back and would be better implemented by the file system .
P.S. :
I 'd been meaning to write this article for a while , but things have been changing rapidly with the introduction of ZFS , Btrfs , and Tux3 .
I plan on doing benchmarks soon with kernel 2.6.28 against all the classic file systems , ext4 , and Btrfs so subscribe to my RSS feed if you are interested .
Any comments , corrections , or questions would also be appreciated !
P.P.S. :
Wordpress seems to mangle the format of this post so the bullet justifications are off .
He did n't look much like a doctor , the scruffy , grey - haired man bundled by armed police off a flight to Mexico City , but then he did n't really resemble one of central America 's most powerful criminal masterminds , either .
Eduardo Arellano Felix , one of seven brothers who founded the notorious Arellano Felix drug cartel in the 1980s , was arrested in his unwashed jeans and tracksuit after a weekend gunfight in Fraccionamiento Pedregal , a hillside suburb of Tijuana , the Mexican border city where his empire was built .
It marked a suitably dramatic end to the career of a man known locally as El Doctor , thanks both to his previous life as a medical student and the famously clinical manner in which he despatched anyone unfortunate enough to land on the wrong side of his massive cocaine smuggling network .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The arrest of Felix , 52 , is a fresh setback for the Arellano Felix organisation , which , for more than two decades , has controlled the cross - border flow of narcotics into the southern US states .
Five of its seven founding brothers have been killed or jailed in recent years .
Shortly after 5 pm on Saturday , more than 100 armed police stormed the gated luxury home where Felix was living under an alias .
Although dozens of shots were fired , he surrendered prematurely to protect his 11 - year - old daughter , who was in danger of being caught in the crossfire .
" This is a significant blow to what is left of the organisation , " said a police spokesman .
Felix faces extradition to the US , where he was accused in 2003 of being responsible for racketeering , drug trafficking , money laundering and several killings .
His arrest comes against the backdrop of a bloody power struggle within the fracturing Arellano Felix empire , which has brought fear to Tijuana and been blamed for 150 deaths in the city in the past month alone .
Most killings are attributed to a dispute between Felix 's nephew Fernando Sanchez Arellano – now the cartel 's unofficial leader – and Eduardo Garcia Simental , a gangster known as El Teo .
The bodies of some of their victims were dissolved in acid .
Others were left with their tongues cut out , and warnings to the rival faction carved in their flesh .
In one incident , several severed heads were placed on top of torsos .
The level of bloodshed has sparked public outrage ( many innocent bystanders have been killed or injured ) and placed severe pressure on Mexican law enforcement officials and President Felipe Calderon , who have been accused of ignoring the battle against organised crime .
Felix 's arrest marked a propaganda victory for both parties .
But although he is a symbolic figurehead of the cartel , experts warned that , for most of the past decade , he took a back - seat role in its day - to - day running .
" It is another very significant blow to the Arellano Felix organisation but we do know they are not completely destroyed , " said David Shirk , of the University of San Diego 's Trans - Border Institute .
" What is clear to me is that things have become much more fragmented and , therefore , much more difficult to interpret . "
Eduardo Felix is one of seven brothers from Sinaloa state who rose to prominence in the 1980s as Colombian drug barons , shut out from their traditional smuggling routes across the Caribbean , began teaming up with Mexican associates .
Although little is known of their childhood , the family shared a ruthlessness that helped them take control of Tijuana , the biggest cocaine route into the US , which is in turn the world 's biggest market for the drug .
By the 1990s , they were taking several tonnes across the border each month , killing or torturing anyone who came in their way , including hundreds of police , prosecutors and judges .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In recent years , however , the cartel has faced increasing problems .
Rival gangs moved in on their patch and law enforcement officials caught up with all of the original founders , with the exception of Carlos and Luis , who no longer have significant roles .
In 2002 , Benjamin , the gang 's planning chief , was arrested and its enforcer , Ramon , was killed .
Francisco , the eldest brother , was extradited to the US in 2006 .
In the same year , the then leader Francisco Javier , known as El Tigrillo ( The Little Tiger ) , was caught on a fishing boat off the coast of Baja California .
Eduardo has always has been considered the most secretive and reclusive of the seven .
His low profile within the cartel stemmed partly from his alleged role in the 1993 killing of Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo , the Archbishop of Guadalajara .
" That was a pivotal moment in how the Arellanos were perceived in Tijuana and in Mexico in general , " said John Kirby , a former US federal prosecutor who co-wrote the original indictment against him .
" All of a sudden , everybody was their enemy . "
Even before his arrest , Eduardo Felix had a turbulent private life .
In 1998 , he was badly burned in a propane gas stove explosion that killed his infant son .
Soon afterwards , his estranged wife Sonia – the mother of his 11 - year - old daughter – was killed by Arellano gunmen who suspected her ofco-operating with US officials .
Photographs released yesterday show he has aged significantly from the dark - haired figure on two decades of " wanted " posters ( the US had for years placed a $ 5 m bounty on his head ) .
Burn scars on his arms and chest , the result of the stove accident , helped Mexican officials confirm his identity .
Cocaine capital : Mexico 's drug trade
* Ninety per cent of all cocaine bound for the US comes through Mexico .
* According to latest figures from the White House , $ 13.8 bn of heroin , amphetamines , cocaine and marijuana from Mexico are sold to American users every year .
* More than 3,000 lives have been lost in connection with drugs - related violence already this year in Mexico .
In 2006 , in the state of Michoacan , five severed heads were thrown by gunmen on to a nightclub floor .
* On average , there are three to four kidnappings in Mexico every day , a higher rate than in Iraq .
* In May , Mexico 's federal police chief – the most public figure in the country 's fight against drugs – was assassinated outside his house .
Edgar Millan Gomez was shot nine times , with many suspecting that the attack was the work of a prominent drugs smuggling organisation .
It ’s emerged thieves have been making fraudulent withdrawals from French president Nicolas Sarkozy ’s private bank account .
The news was confirmed in the French weekly “ Le Journal du Dimanche ” , which says Sarkozy ’s office has confirmed that the president filed an official complaint last month .
The thefts apparently concern sums of less than 200 euros a time .
It appears the thieves managed to get hold of Sarkozy ’s account details .
Such crime is not uncommon – all that is needed are the bank details , name , and expiry date on the credit card in order to make fraudulent transactions over the internet .
Thieves then carry out purchases for relatively small amounts , in the hope that the owner of the card will realise the fraud as late as possible .
There was outcry last year when the French parliament decided to award their head of state a 100 % payrise .
The swindlers may have had access to his £ 13,243 ( approx $ 26,000 ) a month salary .
Criminal and financial fraud squads and a prosecutor in the Paris suburb of Nanterre were investigating the case .
Source : Sky , Telegraph
1947 film about how a book is made .
It starts with the writer — " This man in an author .
He writes stories .
He 's just finished writing a story .
He thinks many people will like to read it .
So , he must have the story made into a book . " — and ends with a finished , bound book .
Along the way , we are taken on a tour through the printing and bindery process .
In a factory full of machinery that would give an OSHA inspector a heart attack , we see a typesetter making lines of type from molten metal , a composer laying out the lines of type , a workman fitting the lines into metal frames , an operator converting the soft metal plates into wax plates , another worker dipping the wax plates into a tank filled with copper to form a solid plate , another worker cutting the plates into individual page plates with a sharp saw , another workman ( he 's called the " ready man " ) preparing the plates for printing by placing 64 pages at a time in the printing press bed , a workman examining the printed sheets , another worker inserting the sheets into a folding machine , another man to check the folder to make sure the pages are folded in the right order , a room filled with " girls " in the gathering room stacking the folders in piles and sorting them in bins , another group of girls taking the assembled folders to a machine that sews them together with thread , other workers trimming the sewed folders with sharp knives ,
An operator over seeing a machine making covers from paperboard , a machine that gluing cloth to the paperboard , a machine stamping the title of the book on the cover , and a machine gluing covers to the book .
Whew !
( via Hang Fire Books )
Diana Bianchi Peter Cook Sex Tape
's ex-husbandhas been rumored to have created a sex tape with his teenage girlfriend Page Six has confirmed that the tape does indeed exist based upon still photos they have viewed that show the couple nude and having sex on a brown loveseat in Cook 's Southhampton architectural office .
The stills also show Bianchi performing a striptease for her boyfriend Peter Cook .
Bianchi , who became embroiled in the Brinkley Cook divorce trial , was reportedly shocked to find out that Cook had taped their sexual escapades .
Bianci was reportedly paid $ 300,000 by Cook in a recent settlement .
She was told that the sex tape and nude photos would be held in escrow and would never see the light of day if she signed off on the agreement .
Now is has become clear that the tape and photos have been leaked and will be hitting the Internet shortly .
Based upon this new information , Joe Tacopina , Bianchi 's attorney , indicates he and his client are going over all of their options and may well sue Cook over the video and photos .
Check out photo gallery below .
When more photos are available we 'll add them .
In the meantime , check out our other related stories below .
In the eastern mountains of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DR Congo ) , a rebel army led by Laurent Nkunda - a former General of the DR Congo armed forces - recently launched attacks and captured territory after a peace treaty had failed with the government .
Nkunda 's forces are Tutsi rebels , fighting against the DR Congo government forces and U.N. peacekeeeping forces .
The U.N. has over 17,000 troops in the Congo right now , but they are widely dispersed , and have been unable to fully protect civilians or even defend their own bases .
Nkunda 's rebels forced government soldiers to retreat from intense battles up to the edges of the provincial capital of Goma .
The biggest losers in this conflict are the hundreds of thousands of civilians caught in the middle - forced to relocate repeatedly , many victims of looting , rape and murder by both advancing rebels and some government soldiers - looking to thinly - spread U.N. forces for help .
The humanitarian crisis and threat of further regional destabilization , has made this conflict a top U.N. priority recently .
( 31 photos total
Your browser does not support the video tag .
Operation : Pedopriest " Once again the clergy is the center of controversy .
It seems that our traditional sexual habits are now considered " abuse of minors " worth of public scrutiny .
The Church 's priority is to shut down all related rumors and prevent priests from being arrested and put on trial according to the secular states ' laws .
We have formed a task force that will impose a code of silence in our institutions and prevent the police from meddling in our affairs . "
Downloads
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- UAL Corp. uaua shares were halted Monday following rumors that the airline holding company was filing for bankruptcy , a rumor UAL said was completely untrue .
An old news item on United Airlines seeking bankruptcy inadvertently resurfaced on a Web site , triggering a sell - off that wiped out nearly 76 % of the company 's share price .
Shares more recently traded at $ 10.93 , down about 11 % .
( This article was updated to correct the figure for the percentage decline of the sell - off . )
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland /
8
by Michele Simionato
October 25 , 2008
Summary
In this episode I will explain the meaning of the " code is data " concept .
To this aim I will discuss the quoting operation which allows to convert a code fragment into a list of symbols and primitive values - i.e. converts code into data .
Then , I will discuss the issue of evaluating data as code .
Advertisement
Quoting
A distinguishing feature of the Lisp family of languages is the existence of a quoting operator denoted with a quote ' or with ( quote ) , the first form being syntactic sugar for the second .
The quoting operator works as follows : on primitive values such as numbers , literal strings , symbols , etc , it works as an identity operator : > ' 1 1 > ' " hello " " hello " > '' a ' a expressions are converted into lists ; for instance '( display " hello " ) is the list > ( list ' display ' " hello " ) ( display " hello " ) whereas ' ( let ( (x 1 ) ) (* 2 x ) ) is the list > ( list ' let ( list ( list 'x ' 1 ) ) ( list '* ' 2 'x ) ) ( let ( (x 1 ) ) (* 2 x ) ) et cetera .
Hence every Scheme / Lisp program admits a natural representation as a ( nested ) list of symbols and primitive values : code is data .
On the other hand , every nested list of symbols and primitive values corresponding to a syntactically valid Scheme / Lisp programs can be executed , both at runtime - with eval - or at compilation time - through macros .
The consequences are fascinating : since every program is a list , it is possible to write programs that , by building lists , build other programs .
Of course , you can do the same in other languages : for instance in Python you can generate strings corresponding to valid source code and you can evaluate such strings with various mechanisms ( eval , exec , __import__ , compile , etc ) .
In C/C+ + you can generate a string , save it into a file and compile it to a dynamic library , then you can import it at runtime ; you also have the mechanism of pre-processor macros at your disposal for working at compile time .
The point is that there is no language where code generation is as convenient as in Scheme / Lisp where it is buil - in , thanks to s-expressions or , you wish , thanks to parenthesis .
Quasi-quoting
In all scripting languages there is a form of string interpolation ; for instance in Python you can write def say_hello ( user ) : return " hello , %( user ) s " % locals ( )
In Scheme / Lisp , there is also a powerful form of list interpolation : > ( define ( say - hello user ) ` ( " hello " , user ) ) > ( say - hello " Michele " ) ( " hello " " Michele " )
The backquote or ( quasiquote ) syntax ` introduces a list to be interpolated ( template ) ; it is possible to replace some variables within the template , by prepending to them the unquoting operator ( unquote ) or , , denotated by a comma .
In our case we are unquoting the user name , , user .
The function say - hello takes the user name as a string and returns a list containing the string " hello " together with the username .
There is another operator like unquote , called unquote - splicing or comma-at and written , @ , which works as follows : > ( let ( ( ls ' ( a b c ) ) ) `( func , @ls ) ) ( func a b c )
In practice , @ls " unpacks " the list ls into its components : without the splice operator we would get : > ( let ( ( ls ' ( a b c ) ) ) `( func , ls ) ) ( func ( a b c ) )
The power of quasiquotation stands in the code / data equivalence : since Scheme / Lisp code is nothing else than a list , it is easy to build code by interpolating a list template .
For instance , suppose we want to evaluate a Scheme expression in a given context , where the contexts is given as a list of bindings , i.e. a list names / values : ( eval - with - context '( (a 1 ) ( b 2 ) ( c 3 ) ) '(* a (+ b c ) ) )
How can we define eval - with - context ?
The answer is by eval - uating a template : ( define ( eval - with - context ctx expr ) ( eval `( let , ctx , expr ) ( environment ' ( rnrs ) ) ) )
Notice that eval requires a second argument that specifies the language known by the interpreter ; in our case we declared that eval understands all the procedures and macros of the most recent RnRS standard ( i.e. the R6RS standard ) .
The environment specification has the same syntax of an import , since in practice it is the same concept : it is possible to specify user - defined modules as the eval environment .
This is especially useful if you have security concerns , since you can run untrusted code in a stricter and safer subset of R6RS Scheme .
eval is extremely powerful and sometimes it is the only possible solution , in particular when you want to execute generic code at runtime , i.e. when you are writing an interpreter .
However , often you only want to execute code known at compilation time : in this case the job of eval can be done more elegantly by a macro .
When that happens , in practice you are writing a compiler .
Programs writing programs
Once you realize that code is nothing else than data , it becomes easy to write programs taking as input source code and generating as output source code , i.e. it is easy to write a compiler .
For instance , suppose we want to convert the following code fragment ( begin ( define n 3 ) ( display " begin program
" ) ( for i from 1 to n ( display i ) ) ; for is not defined in R6RS ( display "
end program
" ) ) which is not a valid R6RS program into the following program , which is valid according to the R6RS standard : ( begin ( define n 3 ) ( display " begin program
" ) ( let loop ( ( i 1 ) ) ; for loop expanded into a named let ( unless ( >= i n ) ( display i ) ( loop ( add1 i ) ) ) ) ( display "
end program
" ) ) ) begin is the standard Scheme syntax to group multiple expressions into a single expression without introducing a new scope ( you may introduce a new scope with let ) and preserving the evaluation order ( in most functional languages the evaluation order is unspecified ) .
More in general , we want to write a script which is able to convert ( begin ( begin ( expr1 ... ) ( expr1 ' ... ) ( expr2 ... ) --> ( expr2 ' ... ) ... ... ( exprN ... ) ) ( exprN ' ... ) ) where the expressions may be of kind for or any other kind not containing a subexpression of kind for .
Such a script can be thought of as a preprocessor expanding source code from an high level language with a primitive for syntax into a low level language without a primitive for .
Preprocessors of this kind are actually very primitive compilers , and Scheme syntax was basically invented to make the writing of compilers easy .
In this case you can write a compiler expanding for expressions into named lets as follows : ( import ( rnrs ) ( only ( ikarus ) pretty - print ) ) ;; a very low - level approach ( define ( convert - for - into - loop begin - list ) ( assert ( eq ? ' begin ( car begin - list ) ) ) `( begin , @( map ( lambda ( expr ) ( if ( eq ? ' for ( car expr ) ) ( apply convert - for ( cdr expr ) ) expr ) ) ( cdr begin - list ) ) ) ) ; i1 is subject to multiple evaluations , but let 's ignore the issue ( define ( convert - for i from i0 to i1 . actions ) ;; from must be ' from and to must be ' to ( assert ( and ( eq ? ' from from ) ( eq ? ' to to ) ) ) `( let loop ( ( i , i0 ) ) ( unless ( >= i , i1 ) , @actions ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) ( pretty - print ( convert - for - into - loop '( begin ( define n 3 ) ( display " begin program
" ) ( for i from 1 to n ( display i ) ) ( display "
end program
" ) ) ) )
Running the script you will see that it replaces the for expression with a named let indeed .
It is not difficult to extend the compiler to make it able to manage sub-expressions ( the trick is to use recursion ) and structures more general than begin : but I leave that as an useful exercise .
In a future episode I will talk of code - walkers and I will discuss how to convert generic source code .
In general , one can convert s-expression based source code by using an external compiler , as we did here , or by using the built - in mechanism provided by Scheme macros .
Scheme macros are particularly powerful , since they feature extremely advanced pattern matching capabilities : the example I have just given , based on the primitive list operations car / cdr/ map is absolutely primitive in comparison .
The next episode will be entirely devoted to macros .
Do n't miss it !
Appendix : solution of the exercises
In the latest episode I asked you to write an equivalent ( for lists ) of Python built - ins enumerate and zip .
Here I give my solutions , so you may check them with yours .
Here the equivalent of Python enumerate : ( define ( py-enumerate lst ) ( let loop ( ( i 0 ) ( ls lst ) ( acc '( ) ) ) ( if ( null ? ls ) ( reverse acc ) ( loop (+ 1 i ) ( cdr ls ) ( cons `( , i , ( car ls ) ) a cc ) ) ) ) ) and here is an example of usage : > ( py-enumerate ' ( a b c ) ) ( ( 0 a ) ( 1 b ) ( 2 c ) )
Here is the equivalent of Python zip : ( define ( zip . lists ) ( apply map list lists ) )
Here is an example of usage : > ( zip ' ( 0 a ) ' ( 1 b ) ' ( 2 c ) ) ( ( 0 1 2 ) ( a b c ) )
Notice that zip works like the transposition operation in a matrix : given the rows , it returns the columns of the matrix .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 11 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
Nevada voters play crucial role
Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Nevada voters play crucial role 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Somewhere between the Western wear outlet and the muffin stand inside the Shoppers Square mall , Xiomara Rodriquez , 52 - a veteran , former small - business owner , and grandmother of two - pumps her fist in the air , dancing like she 's already hit the jackpot .
More than two weeks before Nov. 4 , she cast her early ballot for Democratic Sen.
Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election at the crowded voting booths in one of Reno 's oldest malls .
And with her were a dozen friends - some of the estimated 1,000 Democrats in Nevada she says she has personally registered to vote over the past two years .
" There has n't been a door in this town that has n't been knocked on , " said Rodriquez , high - fiving fellow Democrats from the key swing area of Washoe County , which voted for George W. Bush in 2004 and recently flipped to majority Democratic registration after years of GOP rule .
" I want my retirement back .
I 've lost my business .
I want my grandkids to go to college , " she said .
" We need this country back on track . "
With barely a week left in the long 2008 presidential race , a down - to - the - wire political shootout here underscores the issues , the changing landscape and the new clout of a handful of Intermountain West states in the presidential contest .
Nevada , Colorado and New Mexico all went to President Bush in 2004 and were considered likely McCain camps earlier this year .
But they are all leaning blue as the election approaches ; only Nevada is still considered a toss - up , with recent polls showing Obama leading McCain there by just three percentage points .
Nevada has prided itself on being free of personal , state and corporate income taxes , but it ranks among the worst states on quality - of - life issues , on health care for seniors , and on other critical indicators from " smoking to senior suicides , " said banker Matthew Dickson .
Economic woes
With Silver State home foreclosures among the highest per capita in the nation , its casinos laying off employees and tourism hurting because of high gas prices , " Nevada is in a precarious situation , " Dickson said .
" This is a very libertarian state - gambling , brothels and liquor are part of the culture .
People want to be left alone so the government can do its job .
And the government has failed . "
Some 450 miles away in a Las Vegas coffee shop , Miriam Mora talks about the same bread - and - butter concerns , but she wants to see a different result .
Mora , 26 , a Mexican - born newly naturalized U.S. citizen , is getting ready for another 14 - hour day on the campaign trail , knocking on doors and making phone calls to GOP voters , hoping to get them to the polls for the Republican team of Arizona Sen .
John McCain and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
In Democratic - leaning Clark County , where she helped gather more than 5,000 enthusiastic Republicans to see Palin last week , Mora recounts the worries of Latino voters like Irma Aguirre , owner of La Madonna Mexican restaurant , who stood next to Palin onstage at the Henderson rally .
" If Irma has to pay higher taxes , she loses her business - and it's 20 people she has to let go , " said Mora , the Western regional coalition director for the McCain - Palin campaign .
" If we raise taxes on small - business owners ... we lose jobs . "
Nevada 's changing voter profile tells the tale of the GOP presidential ticket 's challenges : Democrats outnumber Republicans among registered voters by more than 111,000 , a yawning gap that could deliver Nevada 's five electoral votes to Obama .
Latino voters
Playing a major role in the shift is an army of new Latino voters who have helped push a 4 - 1 registration advantage by Democrats since the high - energy Nevada caucuses took place in January .
" What you are seeing is the second installment - California being the first - of the impact of the changing Latino vote , the empowering of a changing demographic , " said Antonio Gonzalez , president of the William C. Velasquez Institute , a nonpartisan group concerned with public policy and Latino issues .
In 2008 , more than at any time in history , " they 're registering , voting and running candidates , " Gonzalez said .
Simon Rosenberg , who heads NDN , a moderate Washington , D.C. - based Democratic advocacy group , said the shift reflects how " the Republican brand with Latinos has been severely degraded " by President Bush 's leadership on the economy and the war .
" And John McCain has not been able to distance himself from it . "
But , he added , Democrats carefully laid the groundwork for gains when party leaders like Sen.
Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader from Nevada , and Rep. Nancy Pelosi , the House speaker from San Francisco , " added Nevada to the early caucus states and put their national convention in Colorado . "
" In 2004 , John Kerry did n't know the Southwest existed on the map , " he said .
" They spent no time and no money there . "
Though rural Nevada has always been a GOP stronghold , McCain has n't had a particularly easy battle here .
He was battered by former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in the Nevada caucuses , and his stand in support of nuclear power - including storing nuclear waste in Nevada 's Yucca Mountain - has continued to irk many Nevadans .
And on the right , there 's still the possibility of some trouble from former GOP Rep .
Bob Barr , running as the Libertarian Party candidate for president with vice presidential nominee Wayne Root , a professional Las Vegas handicapper .
Looking to the future
Still , when it comes to the choice between Obama and McCain , some Nevadans - like Republican John Griffin , 41 , an employee in Las Vegas ' gambling industry - said their choice comes down to the future .
" We have a home , and we watch our budget , " Griffin said , standing with his wife , Maria , 38 , after Palin 's rally in Henderson last week .
McCain offers " a combination of things - his economic plan and national security " that will best preserve both , he said .
" Obama wants to tax people ... and that 's redistribution of wealth . "
But Reid , who joined students casting early ballots in Las Vegas last week , said that with the current economic problems , Republicans and Democrats alike in his state " have come to the realization that the government is not the enemy .
It 's our friend .
... 9/11 , Katrina , where do you go ? "
Reid said .
They realize that " when the government is not functioning , we have big problems . "
Residents of some of the state 's rural areas like Virginia City , which ranked among the world 's richest towns during the peak of the Comstock Lode era - said economic concerns are some of their worries , especially because the economy is failing everyday Joes .
In search of tourists
Gold panner Behr Hafner , 55 - whose bedraggled prospector shack sports a hand - written sign that is only partly in jest : " Foreclozed " - said he 's an independent voter .
But this year , his ballot goes to Obama rather than the Arizona senator , whom he calls " McSame . "
" Everybody knows everybody in this town , and most of them depend on tourism , " said Hafner as he prepared his Territorial Gold Mine , a " Pan for Gold , $ 7 " business , for what he hoped would be an onslaught of weekend tourists .
" But we used to get 1.5 million in a season here ... and now , they 're not flying or taking long trips " to the town , which is a National Historic Landmark and the seat of Storey County .
Though polls show Obama leading and volunteers from California are pouring into the overflowing campaign offices , Democrats like Xiomara Rodriquez said they still are n't celebrating , because in the West , fortunes can change as quickly as the sunsets over this vast and unpredictable territory .
" It 's not over until the fat lady sings , " she said cautiously .
" I 'm the fat lady in this town ... and I 'm not singing yet .
... But on Nov. 4 , I 'll be hollering . "
Buying a movie online is simple ; it 's watching it on the device you want that 's hard .
The movie studios have been reluctant to allow DVD burning from online stores ( and when they do , it does n't always work ) , spawning a whole cottage industry of creative solutions for getting digital downloads onto the TV set .
And slapping that newly - purchased Sopranos episode onto your iPod or PSP or Zune for a bit of mobile entertainment ?
Fuggedaboutit .
When pirates offer a better product , one that actually plays where consumers want their video to play , it 's hard for digital download stores to compete , and the entire ecosystem of companies knows it .
That 's why movie studios joined retailers like Best Buy , consumer electronics companies like Sony and Philips , Intel , Microsoft , and others in a new acronym - ready alliance that will , FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER , put the consumer " at the center of the universe . "
We covered rumors of the alliance back in August , but the group launched officially on Friday .
Friday afternoons are better for burying bad political news than for launching alliances that will ( FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER ) put consumers at the center of the universe , but the timing may be intentional .
While the Digital Entertainment Content Ecosystem , a truly horrible name that should send shivers down the spines of the marketers who will be called upon to flog the group 's technology , has grand plans for a " buy once , play anywhere " future , it does n't have much to announce in the present apart from the name .
Mitch Singer , who has been CTO at Sony Pictures since 2006 , will head up the effort .
The goal is to allow purchased video content to play seamlessly on any device or screen that the buyer owns and to allow access to a " virtual library " of purchased content accessible from anywhere on the ' Net .
According to Singer , video should become a buy once , play anywhere technology like CDs and DVDs .
It 's all very much in the future , however .
The press release is peppered with confidence - wilting phrases such as " will define and build a new media framework " ( something this complex has n't even been defined yet ? ) , " we are developing , " and " over time . "
Without even a spec in place , there 's no way we will see working products for at least a year , quite possibly longer .
And , if the strategy document we discussed in August remains accurate , new DECE - ready devices will be needed to make the whole scheme work .
By the time video stores adopt the tech , electronics firms implement it , movie studios support it , and consumers purchase all the pieces to make it work , will it still matter ?
It 's hard to say this far out , of course , but one thing gives us pause : no Apple .
Not only has iTunes become a major player in paid , downloadable video , but Apple has created a hugely successful iPod ecosystem that ties the downloads to its own devices .
Without Apple onboard , DECE can create a compelling whole - house system , but it stands little chance of offering access to video on the go .
Given that Microsoft's PlaysForSure initiative largely failed for music under similar circumstances ( worked with second - tier stores , second - tier players , Windows PCs ) , we 're not sure that such an initiative can go far without major players like Apple , TiVo , and Amazon .
DECE says it will " continue to seek broader industry support " in the days to come .
If Apple signs on , we'd be shocked ( though Steve Jobs does insist he hates that pesky DRM ) .
One wonders if the DECE initiative will spawn something new , cool , and exciting , or ( like PlaysForSure ) whether even the companies that created it will turn to other tech ... or give up on DRM altogether .
Obama : Give thanks ' a brighter day is yet to come '
David Edwards
Published : Thursday November 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a preview of his weekly address , President - elect Barack Obama addressed the nation on the occasion of Thanksgiving , nearly one hundred and fifty years after President Lincoln called for the last Thursday in November to be set aside for all blessings to be " gratefully acknowledged as with one heart and one voice by the whole American people . " .
This video is from Change.gov , broadcast Nov. 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Transcript of speech :
Good morning .
Nearly 150 years ago , in one of the darkest years of our nation 's history , President Abraham Lincoln set aside the last Thursday in November as a day of Thanksgiving .
America was split by Civil War .
But Lincoln said in his first Thanksgiving decree that difficult times made it even more appropriate for our blessings to be -- and I quote -- " gratefully acknowledged as with one heart and one voice by the whole American people . "
This week , the American people came together with family and friends to carry on this distinctly American tradition .
We gave thanks for loved ones and for our lasting pride in our communities and our country .
We took comfort in good memories while looking forward to the promise of change .
But this Thanksgiving also takes place at a time of great trial for our people .
Across the country , there were empty seats at the table , as brave Americans continue to serve in harms way from the mountains of Afghanistan to the deserts of Iraq .
We honor and give thanks for their sacrifice , and stand by the families who endure their absence with such dignity and resolve .
At home , we face an economic crisis of historic proportions .
More and more Americans are worried about losing a job or making their mortgage payment .
Workers are wondering if next month 's paycheck will pay next month 's bills .
Retirees are watching their savings disappear , and students are struggling with the cost of tuition .
It 's going to take bold and immediate action to confront this crisis .
That 's why I 'm committed to forging a new beginning from the moment I take office as President of the United States .
Earlier this week , I announced my economic team .
This talented and dedicated group is already hard at work crafting an Economic Recovery Plan that will create or save 2.5 million new jobs , while making the investments we need to fuel long - term economic growth and stability .
But this Thanksgiving , we are reminded that the renewal of our economy wo n't come from policies and plans alone -- it will take the hard work , innovation , service , and strength of the American people .
I have seen this strength firsthand over many months -- in workers who are ready to power new industries , and farmers and scientists who can tap new sources of energy ; in teachers who stay late after school , and parents who put in that extra hour reading to their kids ; in young Americans enlisting in a time of war , seniors who volunteer their time , and service programs that bring hope to the hopeless .
It is a testament to our national character that so many Americans took time out this Thanksgiving to help feed the hungry and care for the needy .
On Wednesday , I visited a food bank at Saint Columbanus Parish in Chicago .
There -- as in so many communities across America -- folks pitched in time and resources to give a lift to their neighbors in need .
It is this spirit that binds us together as one American family -- the belief that we rise and fall as one people ; that we want that American Dream not just for ourselves , but for each other .
That 's the spirit we must summon as we make a new beginning for our nation .
Times are tough .
There are difficult months ahead .
But we can renew our nation the same way that we have in the many years since Lincoln 's first Thanksgiving : by coming together to overcome adversity ; by reaching for -- and working for -- new horizons of opportunity for all Americans .
So this weekend -- with one heart , and one voice , the American people can give thanks that a new and brighter day is yet to come .
I turn 25 today .
And time is passing so quickly , I 'm terrified .
I know other people are aware of this ; it comes with aging .
Maybe our memories condense , like a defragmented drive .
I used to feel the fear occasionally -- in the dentist 's chair , for example ( was n't I just here ?
IS THIS PURGATORY ? ) .
But for the last year or so , the fear has always been around the edges of my consciousness .
Sometimes it comes on so strong I have to force it from my mind to function .
It seems like I 'm always going to bed , if that makes any sense .
Discovering another day has passed .
Maybe because I 'm a writer now and work from home .
My days are so routine .
It also does n't help that I write YA fiction , and am always looking back analytically , wistfully .
I do notice time slowing when I travel , at least in the middle of the trip ( did we really take that bus this morning ?
seems like two days ago ...)
I do n't really fear * Sudden Death ! * maybe because as humans , we all feel a little invincible .
What I fear is increasingly swift aging , and then death .
It 's not the physical beauty aspect of it , although that does n't help .
It 's the fear that the days and nights will keep slamming together more and more quickly .
I do n't fear unhappiness -- in general , I 'm happy .
I am just afraid of time .
And , if I let thoughts linger a bit longer .... death , and the possibility of nothingness .
Re : religion , I 'm pretty much agnostic , though I was raised episcopalian .
In a nutshell , I have doubts , and then guilt over doubting .
My questions :
How do you deal with it ?
How can I make time slow down ?
I know you 're not magic .
I know maybe I should talk to a counselor .
But I also know there are mefites of all ages who must not think about this like I do .
I know , I 'm only 25 .
But that 's what scares me the most -- if I 'm already aware of the acceleration , how fast will the next ten years seem ?
And the next ten after that ?
A friend of mine asked an elderly acquaintance about this same thing .
The man 's reply : " Son ... nowadays , Christmas comes every month . "
Shit .
How can I make time slow down ?
By Jim Muir
BBC News , Tehran
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement When Roqaya Khalili wants to visit friends or relatives , or do the weekly shopping at the supermarket , she picks up the phone and dials a four - digit number .
A few minutes later , a bright green taxi draws up outside Roqaya 's home in a suburb of west Tehran .
At the wheel is Sahar Foghani , one of around 700 women cab drivers in Tehran who are making a living , or supplementing the family income , working for a taxi agency run by women , for women .
It 's a scenario that would be unthinkable in nearby Saudi Arabia , where women are banned from driving .
Women 's rights in Iran may have some way to go .
But they are free to go out on their own , to drive their own vehicles , or to take taxis driven by men if they like .
' Better drivers '
The service handles 2,500 customers a day and is growing quickly But Roqaya Khalili is one of around 40,000 registered customers who prefer to move around in cabs with women in the driving seat .
" I feel safer in a woman 's taxi , from all points of view , " she says .
" A lot of the men drivers are young and impatient , and they 're not disciplined .
Women are simply better drivers . "
That 's a view with which Sahar Foghani , battling daily with Tehran 's traffic jams and antisocial driving habits , clearly agrees .
" I 've been driving for nearly two years now , and have never had a bump , or a violation ticket , " she says .
Sahar has two teenage children , and says she took to the roads to help her husband make ends meet in harsh economic times .
" It 's tough on the kids , as they 're often stuck at home on their own , but they 've been really helpful , " she says .
Like 70 % of the drivers working for Women 's Taxis , Sahar owns her own car , buying it off the company in instalments .
" I can pay off the car over 60 months , so this is an investment as well as providing some extra income , " Sahar says .
Women learn basic maintenance such as how to change a tyre " Tehran traffic is really heavy , so you have to love driving to do this job , " she adds .
High gear
The agency 's control centre on the southern edge of Tehran handles about 2,500 jobs a day .
Customers phone in to the centre , and their details are sent out by radio to whichever of the cabs is closest to the address concerned .
At the centre , the women drivers are also given lessons in basic car maintenance and such essentials as how to change a burst tyre .
All the operators at the centre are women too .
But the concept was the brainchild of a man , Mohsen Uruji , who says he spotted a gap in Tehran 's transport system .
" What was missing was a role for women , " he says .
" By setting up this purely private sector company , we 've been able to provide jobs for many women , as well as a service for other women who want to travel around in a more relaxed way . "
All the operators at the call centre are women too Many of the drivers are war widows or divorcees who really need the work , and are referred to the agency by some of the big welfare foundations .
The project has mushroomed .
" We started off with 10 ten cars , " says Mr Uruji .
" Now we have 700 , and plan to expand to 2,000 in Tehran , as well as opening up in other cities . "
Ahead of the pack Many of the customers are of course highly conservative Muslim women who feel uncomfortable travelling alone in a vehicle with an unknown man at the wheel .
So in that respect , the service is catering to traditional tastes .
The business provides much - needed income for widows and divorcees
At the same time though , it is giving the women drivers the opportunity to get out there and earn some money in a profession which even in most western countries is often regarded as something of a male preserve .
The concept seems to have caught on and identified a real need .
So the bright green taxis driven by Sahar Foghani and others have become an increasingly familiar sight , forging their way through the horrendous traffic jams that are such a dominant feature of life in Tehran .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Michael Dell 's plan to fix the company he founded , Dell Inc. -- once the biggest personal - computer maker in the world -- is stalling .
Dell reported falling revenue and shrinking profits last week for its most recent quarter .
And while profit margins grew , the gains resulted from painful cost cuts , including massive layoffs and decisions not to invest in launching products like portable music players and cellphones -- the kinds of gadgets Mr. Dell had described previously as building " brand lust . "
By ...
Scieneer Common Lisp is now available in a free - for - noncommercial - use edition .
Douglas Crosher did a lot of work on CMUCL in the late 90s , and Scieneer CL is his fork of CMUCL with a number of proprietary improvements to things like threading and networking .
To get the free version you have to jump through a number of hoops like registering ( which appears to be personally approved on a case - by - case basis ) and creating a license file that is tied to the installation computer via its MAC address .
I also got confused by the download page and accidentally got the 32 - bit version ; take a close look at the page layout before downloading .
Scieneer CL has an interesting feature set and pricing looks pretty reasonable .
I think the free download will be a decent way for potential customers to try - before - you - buy , and for library authors to avoid gratuitous incompatibility with Scieneer CL .
LispWorks is running a 50/50 special offer to celebrate Lisp 's 50th birthday .
I like LispWorks , but the 50 % discount applies only to the 32 - bit LispWorks Professional product , and I do n't have any 32 - bit systems any more ( who does ? ) .
Chiefsmokingbud Slap - A- Ho tribe
Join Date : Feb 2004 Location : Buried in a pile of kief ;)
Posts : 2,495
Butane honey oil for dummies
Disclaimer
Butane Honey Oil ( BHO ) extraction is an extremely dangerous activity .
Butane is flammable , explosive and can potentially contain poisonous and harmful chemicals .
Undertaking BHO extraction may result in serious bodily injury , or Death if proper precautions are not taken .
The information provided on this website is strictly for educational purposes and in no way do the owners and staff of IC.mag encourage its production or use .
Butane is Highly Flammable and ALL extractions are to be done Outdoors Only , doing extractions indoors is extremely dangerous .
There have been accounts of people blowing up their houses , kitchens , bathrooms doing Butane and other solvent extractions indoors .
Butane gas is heavier than air and will pool in low areas , if left to collect butane gas becomes flammable when it reaches 1.8 % to 8.5 % concentration in air .
A small breeze will keep the butane from being able to pool and become dangerous .
It is recommended you take every precaution possible .
Wearing Safety Equipment such as Eye protection , as well as gloves and always keep a fire extinguisher near by .
Butane and your health
Some brands of butane add a smell to their butane .
This smell is usually added to the butane so that humans can detect leaks , you will find it in large amounts in cheap butane , or camping butane .
It can also potentially be in “ Clean ” butane such as Colibri but i have never seen it .
A prime example of smelly butane is Ronson brand
These chemicals are usually Mercaptans or Sulfur Dioxide ( Rotten Egg Smell ) , using cheap butane with high levels of these is harmful , Do not use cheap butane or camping butane .
It is not known what the effects of residues in butane honey oil are ; it ’s not even known for sure what if any residues are left over in butane honey oil after the butane is purged .
Only a GC / MS ( Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometer ) can give us the info on what ’s exactly is in our BHO .
The search is on to find somewhere to get a sample tested .
Until
Then , be aware of the potential health risks and judge for yourself if it ’s worth it .
Not all butane is created equally ; there are 2 different types of butane that make up the most common brands of butane .
Isobutane and N - Butane .
Most cheap brands use Isobutane ( 2 - METHYL PROPANE ) and is more toxic and hazardous than N - Butane .
For making Honey oil N - Butane is what we want , it extracts better and leaves very little to no residues in the oil .
Other brands use a mix of the different types , and some , like Colibri , use propane as well as Iso and n-butane
Boiling Points
ISOBUTANE : -11.7 C
N - BUTANE : -0.5 C
No source of pure N - Butane has been found available in stores , only through Gas Supply Companies .
The best brand of butane I have used is Colibri Butane .
I highly recommend Colibri , and you should be able to find it at most Fine Cigar and Tobacco Shoppe ’s .
Below is a list of other brands that are good for making Honey oil with .
If you cannot find Colibri try to find one of the butane brands listed .
And by all means avoid Ronson , Bernz - o - matic or other butane not listed below , they add smell to their butane and this smell is left behind making the oil taste very bad .
Other Brands that are good to use : COLIBRI , NEWPORT , CORA , CTC , COLTON , DUNHILL , DAVIDOFF , FACKELMAN , WIN , NIBO , SAROME , CALOR GAS MATCH , UNILIGHT , K2 , SUPERGAS , VENTTI , VECTOR , King butane , Lucienne and Blaster .
However this in no way is a complete list .
Places to get good butane online
https://kingbutane.com
Ebay
Blazer butane
When you purchase the butane make sure you find the largest size of can you can .
I use the 300 ml / 167g ( 6 oz ) cans of Colibri .
Most places only carry the little 2 oz cans , these are not enough .
You will need at least 8 oz of butane for every 1 oz of plant material .
If you find a brand that ’s not listed you can do the mirror test to check to see if it ’s ok to use .
Spray butane on a clean mirror and let it evaporate .
See Below .
Clean mirror
sprayed butane
Butane after evaporation ...... not good !
Plant Material
This is the most important factor if you wish to achieve high quality honey oil , Good fresh dried uncrushed bud makes the best honey oil , and you should easily achieve clear oil using uncrushed buds .
Grind them up and do a second extraction to get a lower grade “ B ” wash , not as tasty or clear like the first batch .
Butane extracts the smell from the plant material , so if you have some great smelling buds the oil will also take on that smell .
If you use bad smelling or tasting plant material , you will get bad tasting oil .
Using crappy plant material can also result in low yield a , remember " what you put it is what you get out " .
1oz high quality 12 oz butane needed 3 - 6g expected yield
1 oz average 10 oz butane 2 - 4g yield
1oz low grade ( schwag ) 9oz butane 2 - 3g yield
1oz high quality trim 12 oz butane 3 - 5g
1oz trim and leaves 10 oz butane 2 - 5g
1 oz fan leaves 8 oz butane 1 - 2g
The extraction tube
This might be the more difficult but essential piece of equipment to obtain .
I personally use the
Avoid ALL
Plastics , brass , steel and galvanized steel pipe , these all can contaminate your oil and make you sick .
Phife uses a cheap stainless steel turkey baster which works very well with little modification and is OK for small amounts .
The extraction
Make sure your plant material ( Leaves , Trim , Stems , or Buds ) is very dry , the dryer the better .
If you want clear honey oil with a lower yield , pack the tube without grinding or breaking up the plant material .
If you use whole nugs that are very dense , it 's best to brek them up a little to allow more exposed trichomes .
The butane will extract the high quality oil on the outside of the plant material then unpack the tube , Grind up the plant material lightly and definitely not a powder for a lower grade oil .
The better the starting material the better the oil .
If you use males or just fan leaves do n’t expect awesome oil or mush oil at all .
You can also use butane extraction to salvage moldy buds .
Fill the extraction tube full with the powdered plant material ; avoid making air pockets in the tube .
I like to fill the tube a little then lightly push it down till i feel slight resistance and repeat until the tube is full .
Never pack the tube like you would a cannon , this causes dense spots that make it difficult for the butane to pass , causing back pressure and possibly a blowout = a face full of tane .
Do n’t pack it to much and try to make sure the tube is full , if you do n’t have enough plant material to fill your tube then try to get a smaller tube .
Air pockets let the liquid butane expand to gas and lower the efficiency a little .
After your tube is filled then you can place your screen on the bottom , .
The picture shows a steel mesh screen on an okief tube
Find some way to mount the tube on a stand or get an oven mitt as the tube gets very cold , and you wo n’t be able to hold it with your bare hand for very long .
Before i go OUTSIDE , i place a large pan of water on the stove and turn the burner on high .
You want the pan of water Hot BUT NOT BOILING
You will want to use a pyrex dish that will easily fit inside your pan of water .
Be sure the dish is atleast 1.5 " deep .
Next take all your stuff outside .
I place the tube in the pan and begin injecting butane , i do this for 30 seconds , stop and wait 15 seconds and continue till the can is empty .
You will know the can is empty when you hear a slight pitch in sound coming from the can .
For this run i used 2 6 oz cans per tube .
( you will see some already dark areas in the pan , that was some left over from a previous run )
Once you have finished let the tube sit till it stops dripping .
Go get your pan of hot water and TAKE IT OUTSIDE to purge the butane from your oil .
Besure your water is not BOILING .
This will cause a violent reaction when the freezing butane meets boiling water and go everywhere .
It really starts going after about 15 seconds
Getting close to done
Done with this portion .
Notice the cloudy bubbles - trapped butane .
At this point i pop the bubbles and place the dish on a heating pad on high for one hour , to insure all butane is gone .
Placed on a heating pad - set on low - for one hour .
Purged oil
Now for the rewarding part .... the scrape
I would also like to point out that foaf has a method to avoid scraping , using a teflon bag ..... ingenious :
Depending on how well your oil is purged and the quality of material used you can wind up with some very fine hard oil .
These sculptures sre entirely of hard honey oil
By all means use safety precautions and do everything outside .
Be safe and enjoy !
* Credits to Phife and foaf for some of this information *
This forum is in serious needs of some How - to's .
If this has already been covered , excuse the redundancy .
If you are here to bash the safety or consumption of honey oil , MOVE TO THE NEXT THREAD !
Some brands of butane add a smell to their butane .
This smell is usually added to the butane so that humans can detect leaks , you will find it in large amounts in cheap butane , or camping butane .
It can also potentially be in “ Clean ” butane such as Colibri but i have never seen it .
A prime example of smelly butane is Ronson brandThese chemicals are usually Mercaptans or Sulfur Dioxide ( Rotten Egg Smell ) , using cheap butane with high levels of these is harmful , Do not use cheap butane or camping butane .
It is not known what the effects of residues in butane honey oil are ; it ’s not even known for sure what if any residues are left over in butane honey oil after the butane is purged .
Only a GC / MS ( Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometer ) can give us the info on what ’s exactly is in our BHO .
The search is on to find somewhere to get a sample tested .
Until
Then , be aware of the potential health risks and judge for yourself if it ’s worth it .
Not all butane is created equally ; there are 2 different types of butane that make up the most common brands of butane .
Isobutane and N - Butane .
Most cheap brands use Isobutane ( 2 - METHYL PROPANE ) and is more toxic and hazardous than N - Butane .
For making Honey oil N - Butane is what we want , it extracts better and leaves very little to no residues in the oil .
Other brands use a mix of the different types , and some , like Colibri , use propane as well as Iso and n-butaneBoiling PointsISOBUTANE : -11.7 CN - BUTANE : -0.5 CNo source of pure N - Butane has been found available in stores , only through Gas Supply Companies .
The best brand of butane I have used is Colibri Butane .
I highly recommend Colibri , and you should be able to find it at most Fine Cigar and Tobacco Shoppe ’s .
Below is a list of other brands that are good for making Honey oil with .
If you cannot find Colibri try to find one of the butane brands listed .
And by all means avoid Ronson , Bernz - o - matic or other butane not listed below , they add smell to their butane and this smell is left behind making the oil taste very bad .
Other Brands that are good to use :
When you purchase the butane make sure you find the largest size of can you can .
I use the 300 ml / 167g ( 6 oz ) cans of Colibri .
Most places only carry the little 2 oz cans , these are not enough .
You will need at least 8 oz of butane for every 1 oz of plant material .
If you find a brand that ’s not listed you can do the mirror test to check to see if it ’s ok to use .
Spray butane on a clean mirror and let it evaporate .
See Below .
Clean mirrorsprayed butaneButane after evaporation ...... not good !
This is the most important factor if you wish to achieve high quality honey oil , Good fresh dried uncrushed bud makes the best honey oil , and you should easily achieve clear oil using uncrushed buds .
Grind them up and do a second extraction to get a lower grade “ B ” wash , not as tasty or clear like the first batch .
Butane extracts the smell from the plant material , so if you have some great smelling buds the oil will also take on that smell .
If you use bad smelling or tasting plant material , you will get bad tasting oil .
Using crappy plant material can also result in low yield a , remember " what you put it is what you get out " .
This might be the more difficult but essential piece of equipment to obtain .
I personally use the okief x- tractor tube which is stainless and free standing .
If you are the DIY type BY ALL MEANS you can always make your own .
The extraction tube should be no wider than 1.5 ” , I find 7/8 - 1 " to be the best .
The tube should be made of Stainless steel or Thick glass
Only , You can use a copper tube if you cannot find stainless or glass , but only if you clean the tube well before each extraction .
Copper tarnishes and the tarnish can potentially be extracted by the butane , it also has that nasty copper smell which can be carried to your oil .
You can also use aluminum but that would occasionally need to be cleaned as it oxidizes in high humidity .
Phife uses a cheap stainless steel turkey baster which works very well with little modification and is OK for small amounts .
Make sure your plant material ( Leaves , Trim , Stems , or Buds ) is very dry , the dryer the better .
If you want clear honey oil with a lower yield , pack the tube without grinding or breaking up the plant material .
If you use whole nugs that are very dense , it 's best to brek them up a little to allow more exposed trichomes .
The butane will extract the high quality oil on the outside of the plant material then unpack the tube , Grind up the plant material lightly and definitely not a powder for a lower grade oil .
The better the starting material the better the oil .
If you use males or just fan leaves do n’t expect awesome oil or mush oil at all .
You can also use butane extraction to salvage moldy buds .
Fill the extraction tube full with the powdered plant material ; avoid making air pockets in the tube .
I like to fill the tube a little then lightly push it down till i feel slight resistance and repeat until the tube is full .
Never pack the tube like you would a cannon , this causes dense spots that make it difficult for the butane to pass , causing back pressure and possibly a blowout = a face full of tane .
Do n’t pack it to much and try to make sure the tube is full , if you do n’t have enough plant material to fill your tube then try to get a smaller tube .
Air pockets let the liquid butane expand to gas and lower the efficiency a little .
After your tube is filled then you can place your screen on the bottom , .
The picture shows a steel mesh screen on an okief tube
Find some way to mount the tube on a stand or get an oven mitt as the tube gets very cold , and you wo n’t be able to hold it with your bare hand for very long .
Before i go OUTSIDE , i place a large pan of water on the stove and turn the burner on high .
You want the pan of water Hot BUT NOT BOILINGYou will want to use a pyrex dish that will easily fit inside your pan of water .
Be sure the dish is atleast 1.5 " deep .
Next take all your stuff outside .
I place the tube in the pan and begin injecting butane , i do this for 30 seconds , stop and wait 15 seconds and continue till the can is empty .
You will know the can is empty when you hear a slight pitch in sound coming from the can .
For this run i used 2 6 oz cans per tube .
( you will see some already dark areas in the pan , that was some left over from a previous run )
Once you have finished let the tube sit till it stops dripping .
Go get your pan of hot water and TAKE IT OUTSIDE to purge the butane from your oil .
Besure your water is not BOILING .
This will cause a violent reaction when the freezing butane meets boiling water and go everywhere .
It really starts going after about 15 secondsGetting close to doneDone with this portion .
Notice the cloudy bubbles - trapped butane .
At this point i pop the bubbles and place the dish on a heating pad on high for one hour , to insure all butane is gone .
Placed on a heating pad - set on low - for one hour .
Purged oilNow for the rewarding part .... the scrapeI would also like to point out that foaf has a method to avoid scraping , using a teflon bag ..... ingenious :
The foaf method Depending on how well your oil is purged and the quality of material used you can wind up with some very fine hard oil .
These sculptures sre entirely of hard honey oilBy all means use safety precautions and do everything outside .
Be safe and enjoy !* Credits to Phife and foaf for some of this information *
The U.S. makes up 5 % of the Global population and 25 % of the Global prison population
~~~Big buds and MoNsTer colas~ ~~
Butane honey oil for dummies
............
~~Pain free hash making made easy ~ ~
__________________
Last edited by Chiefsmokingbud ; 05-17-2008 at 02:14 PM
..
Cloris Leachman , 82 , Hangs Up Her Dancing Shoes ( Photo Gallery )
, 82 year old comedian and actress , has been the bell of the ball on this season 's Dancing with the Stars , but she has reached the end of the line .
Leachman , always going for the laugh , allowed herself to be dragged all over the dance floor by her professional partner , who is considered a Saint by many for his good natured efforts .
Leachman resonated with her voting public who continued to bring her back as other talented celebrities bit the dust .
There were rumors that soap star Susan Lucci was furious when Toni Braxton got the boot while Cloris remained a viable contestant .
Even judge Carrie Ann Inaba was vocal about that twist of fate .
Whether you agreed with her overlong stay on the program , she was amazing in her comedic shtick that provided some great ratings for the show .
It appears it will be all about dancing from here on out .
Thanks for a great ride Cloris .
You Rock !
Check out our photo gallery below .
More Cloris Leachman photos here .
The true nature of connectedness is about the quality of connections and not the quantity of connections .
Though a lot of us know this on some level , we really do n’t understand it .
Perhaps we can’t really understand it due to the complexity of connections .
Hyperconnectivity comes from the type of communication and interactions people exhibit in highly networked organizations and societies .
Most discussions of hyperconnectivity focus on the use of technology and how technology changes communications and interactions ; today ’s point is broader .
Hyperconnectivity goes to the root of how we think and how our lives unfold .
To make this less abstract , I ’m going to use some parallel examples .
Each example illustrates the nature of hyperconnectivity in a slightly different sphere , but the fascinating bit is their inter-relatedness .
The Idea Node
One great idea leads to another .
Right ?
Wrong – one great idea connects a lot of other ideas .
The truly remarkable ideas are those that connect many different facets of the human experience and unites them under one meaningful structure .
For instance , the greatest scientific insights are those that explain observed phenomena better than competing theories while also providing novel predictions .
These types of ideas are n’t limited to science : best business practices translate across industries and create better systems , great designs capture the aestheticism of multiple ideas , and powerful programming frameworks allow for better programs .
Each of us can come up with a lot of ideas , and let ’s be honest : the mechanics of blogging benefit a lot of people precisely because ideas do n’t have to be great – they can just be .
But the truth is , creatives do n’t really want to come up with a ton of ideas ; we want to come up with a ton of great ideas that connect with other ideas .
The tighter the relationship between our great ideas , the more powerful those ideas are .
Opportunity Chains
I learned about opportunities the wrong way .
I was taught – indirectly , mind you – to assess opportunities discretely , by which you analyze the particular strengths and weaknesses of a single opportunity without necessarily factoring in the way that opportunity was connected with other opportunities .
I now understand that the greatest opportunities start chains that link to other opportunities .
For example , were I to write a decently selling book outside of my true interests , I ’d start an opportunity chain along a certain route .
Were I to write a book within my area of interests , I ’d be far better off , even if that book did n’t sell as well as the first one .
This is because the opportunity chain that ’s set up via the latter route is much richer and connected with more opportunities that I ’m likely to be able to flourish in than the former route .
The latter opportunity chain sets up a streamlined future .
The interesting thing about opportunity chains is that the buy - in to the chain takes work ; it ’s hard to get to critical mass on the right opportunity chains .
But once you do , the chain sustains itself .
Stick with the right chain , and success is an unintended but consistent byproduct ; stick with the wrong chain and being successful is a struggle and difficult to repeat .
Networking , Remixed
Old paradigm : “ It ’s about who you know , not what you know . ”
New paradigm : “ It ’s about how you ’re connected with other people ’s networks , not who you know . ”
What good is knowing thousands of people if very few of those people are willing to introduce you to their networks ?
It ’s far better to know a tenth of those people and have those people connect you with their network .
I am not at all saying that it ’s not important to network with as many people as you can sustain .
However , it does n’t help you at all if you ’re just another networker .
If you ’re remarkable and add value to people , they will remember you and will naturally introduce you to their network precisely because too many people are spending their time yelling to get attention rather than thinking about what to do with people ’s attention once they have it .
Be warned : the surest way to fail at hyperconnecting with people is to try to connect with their networks .
The nature of the digital world has by necessity made us better at sensing network manipulators .
Besides , trying to connect with people ’s network is falling into the same “ quality vs. quantity ” trap all over again .
Instead , focus on providing value to that one person by connecting them with other people , opportunities , and ideas .
One last caveat : trying to connect people with your product and service will trigger alarms ; sell after you ’ve added value in other ways rather than before .
If you do this correctly , you ’ll never have to try to sell your product or service .
Connecting It All Together
It ’s fitting that the examples of connectedness are connected .
If you have great ideas , then your opportunity chains and networks will become richer .
If you have rich networks , your opportunity chains and ideas will become richer .
If you have great opportunity chains , then great networks and rich ideas happen .
Another feature of hyperconnectedness is that the effect of effort is exponential rather than scalar .
Unfortunately , we understand and measure our success using scalar thinking .
We understand that one hour of work yields a determinable amount of yield .
It ’s much harder to measure what one rich connection with a person yields , but it ’s usually exponentially greater than the amount of value that we put into the connection .
The fact that the return may not be immediate also muddies things for us considerably .
Web2.0 has enabled hyperconnectivity in unprecedented ways and our thinking about hyperconnectivity has n’t caught up .
The problem that many of us have with social media highlights the last point precisely .
Each person that sees and shares your content , service , or product amplifies the visibility of that product by the number of people in their network .
It may not take off after the first person shares it , or the second , or the third , but at some point , it has been shared with hundreds or thousands of people .
The tighter the connection of the people who are showing it , the more likely that it ’ll take off in those networks .
Many of us understand the first part of the equation above and focus on the quantity of people seeing the content , product , or service while forgetting the connectedness part of the equation .
The result is that we do n’t get the exponential returns – we get the scalar return .
Lastly , hyperconnected ideas , opportunities , and networks pull the things they affect closer to them .
Rich ideas “ pull ” other ideas together .
Rich opportunity chains create other opportunities .
Rich networks connections make second , third , and fourth tier connections tighter .
Whether it ’s in ideas , opportunities , or networks , look at the quality of connections and think about nodes , networks , and chains .
Set up opportunities that start rich opportunity chains .
Focus on the big ideas that tie others together or that shift paradigms .
Think about the value you ’re providing to individuals that are part of larger networks .
Connectedness is out – hyperconnectedness is in .
Are you ?
This is certainly real , according to the Telegraph :
JUST like humans , small primates can acquire a taste for alcohol – and behave in a similar fashion when under its influence , scientists have discovered .
A controversial research project that involves giving alcohol to 1,000 green vervet monkeys has found that the animals divide into four main categories : binge drinker , steady drinker , social drinker and teetotaller .
The vast majority are social drinkers who indulge in moderation and only when they are with other monkeys – but never before lunch – and prefer their alcohol to be diluted with fruit juice .
Fifteen per cent drink regularly and heavily and prefer their alcohol neat or diluted with water .
The same proportion drink little or no alcohol .
Five per cent are classed as “ seriously abusive binge drinkers ” .
They get drunk , start fights and consume as much as they can until passing out .
As with humans , most heavy drinkers are young males , but monkeys of both sexes and all ages like a drink .
The research into their drinking habits is being carried out on the Caribbean island of St Kitts .
Scientists are using the monkeys – which share 96 per cent of their genetic make - up with humans – to help to search for clues to the nature of human drinking and to discover whether some people have a hereditary disposition to alcoholism – or “ alcohol genes ” .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Due South
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Now I know what you are thinking : " But you hosers have made your own mess down there , we do n't want anything to do with you . "
And you 're right , but we do have a few things to offer you , here are eight reasons why you should invade : 1 . Hockey .
I know , you 're wondering how the US can give Canada Hockey ?
But the majority of the NHL teams are in the US and let 's be honest , we do n't exactly treat them the way they deserve to be treated , they are considered second class sports by most Americans .
Ask the average American who won the Stanley cup and they will stare at you blankly .
You can have all our hockey teams and give those boys the love they deserve , besides all the players are already Canadian .
2. Unlimited Expansion of Tim Horton's .
Look , if you have n't noticed we Americans have a weight problem , we 're fat .
I 'm eating a hotdog , drinking a milkshake and injecting my veins with butter as I write this .
We all know that Timmy 's coffee and Donuts are far better than our beloved Dunkin ' Donuts down here so Timmy 's will have no problem finding customers .
3. Billions of Health care dollars .
We pay more per capita for healthcare than you do , but over 50 million of us do not even have insurance .
Do you know what that means ?
You can take over the private health care industry and combine it with your national health care system and you will have billions of dollars left over .
All you need is to consolidate the mess we call private health insurance here and you will be swimming in cash , just like the private insurance companies are .
4. Republican Daughters .
Just look at our Republican daughters .
The Bush girls have been getting drunk every chance they get since they were teenagers .
We know Palin 's daughter has no problem with pre-marital sex .
John McCain 's wife was willing to have an affair with him while he was still married .
These women are the best of both worlds , lady 's in public and freaks behind closed doors .
You can bring these girls to meet mom then take them home for a wild ride .
5 . The White Spot Restaurant .
If you saw the diversity , or lack thereof , at the Republican convention then you would know that an eatery named " The White Spot " would be wildly popular here in the US.6 .
Guns .
I know Canada has some tight regulations regarding guns , but we have none of that here .
You can shoot someone in the face and suffer no consequences , just ask our current Vice President .
So for those of you who like to shoot things , come on down .
7 . Comedy .
We have this hilarious station down here that is all comedy , all the time .
No , not Comedy Central , it 's called Fox News and it is hilarious .
They pretend to be fair and balanced when they are really anything but , it really is funny .
8. Canadian Bacon .
Once again our fatness is our weakness .
Just cut it into the shape of a gun or a naked woman and we will never stop eating , your bacon industry will explode .
So there you go , eight reasons why you need to cross the border and invade us .
Please help us .
You will find about half of the country will welcome you with open arms .
Thanks to our invasion of Iraq there should be no problem with one country invading another sovereign country , Russia has already exercised this new option .
I have my Canadian flag ready !
Alexander ( R - TN )
Baucus ( D - MT )
Biden ( D - DE )
Chambliss ( R - GA )
Coleman ( R - MN )
Collins ( R - ME ) Cornyn ( R - TX )
Craig - Retiring ( R - ID )
Domenici - Retiring ( R - NM )
Durbin ( D - IL )
Graham ( R - SC )
Hagel - Retiring ( R - NE ) Harkin ( D - IA )
Kerry ( D - MA )
Lautenberg ( D - NJ )
Levin ( D - MI )
McConnell ( R - KY )
Pryor ( D - AR ) Reed ( D - RI )
Rockefeller ( D - WV )
Smith ( R - OR )
Stevens ( R - AK )
Sununu ( R - NH )
Warner - Retiring ( R - VA )
Class III - Senators Whose Terms of Service Expire in 2011
Class I - Senators Whose Terms of Service Expire in 2013
Members of the House Who Voted Yes
Freedom Is Not Dead Inc. Pink Slip for Congress Get Out of Our House !
Evict the politicians from the U.S. House of Representatives
Lorie Kramer - Houston , TX seektress@seektress.info
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
[ Note : This is the 1st article in the series How to Make Your Dreams a Reality . ]
We have all had incredible dreams at some point in our lives .
As children there are no limits to our imagination .
We want to become a space ranger , a superhero or a magical medicine woman that saves lives and whisks people off to safety in the face of impending danger .
When we ’re young we ’re told that we can be that space ranger or have that amazing life that we dream up in our racecar bunk bed .
We can do anything we want if we put our mind to it .
Right ?
Then something strange happens .
When we get a little older , dreams do n’t seem to be so important anymore .
The letter grade you receive on your math test is more important than the amount of fun you have on the playground .
The GPA you earn in high school overrules exploring the creative pursuits of your time .
Eventually , choosing a career that is practical and safe is more crucial than one that you ’re actually remotely interested in .
So what do we do ?
We fake interest .
We squeeze and strain our feelings to pretend that we ’re okay with what we ’re doing .
The reality is that we ’re not .
We ’ve given up on our dreams .
We ’ve traded happiness for security .
Because no one was protecting our dreams .
We believed that it was more important to be practical and productive .
We believed that our dreams were just silly fantasies , conceptualized from the foolishness of imagination .
What happened ?
Why did we stop believing ?
We got responsibilities .
So we started believing that :
Taking out the trash and doing the dishes was more important than having fun .
Because something terrible might happen if we have a less than perfect home .
Competing with the lifestyles of your neighbors is more vital than how you actually feel about what you ’re doing .
Consumerism is more important than freedom right ?
I do n’t know about you , but I want freedom that does n’t just mean consumption .
We think that ’s important to be “ somebody . ”
If you do n’t have x title , you ’re not somebody .
If you do n’t have x level of schooling , you ’re not accepted in y social club .
If you do n’t keep up a certain image of who you want people to believe you are , they might actually find out that you do n’t really care about fitting in .
Security is more important than being excited about waking up .
The thing wrong with this whole picture , is that we have a tendency to think life is so black and white .
It ’s either yes or no , right or wrong .
So we settle .
We trade a part of our soul to the 9 to 5 devil .
We trade a piece of our happiness for comfort .
It does n’t have to be like that .
Another big part of the problem is this :
Dreams are reserved for fantastic and unimaginable feats
We see dreamers as people who believe in and do the impossible .
Daredevils who lock themselves inside of a cage full of hungry tigers to fight to the death .
Or an intrepid thrill seeker who dives in search of treasure in a long lost shipwreck .
But that ’s just an extreme end in the spectrum of dreams .
Your dream could just mean the freedom to stay home with your kids and run your own business from home .
Your dream might be to publish a novel , even if only 7 people read it .
Your dream might simply be to not die with your music still in you .
If we want to save our dreams from certain death , we have to fight for their sovereignty .
We have to keep believing that they are possible .
Even if they seem ridiculous .
Even if they do n’t seem socially acceptable or our cog no longer fits in the corporate machine .
Even if that means doing something beyond your known powers .
So if we ’re going to preserve our dreams from the onslaught of routine , we ’re going to have build a vision asylum , a sanctuary for our dreams .
There ’s a lot of different paths you can take to creating a dream sanctuary .
Your choice will be different from others , because your dreams wo n’t be the same as everyone else .
Here are a few suggestions :
A place that inspires you .
This is will be different for everyone .
It could be somewhere that has an amazing view ; a mountain , bridge , a beach .
Or it might be your own backyard , or your own porch .
The point is , is that it ’s something the inspires you .
Theme song .
I know this sounds incredibly cheesy , but just bare with me for a second .
I ’m not talking about “ I will survive ” or “ We Are the Champions ” ( unless that ’s your thing , of course ) .
It could be a symphony , a rock ballad .
Whatever it is , it should be something that moves you every time you hear it .
A place within your mind .
This could be a “ dream house ” in your mind .
It could be the clearing in a forest , or somewhere near a waterfall .
I personally am not big on visualizing , but I wanted to list it here because I know it really works for some people .
A picture .
Do you have a photo of your dream house ?
Is your dream to be a professional baseball player ?
Then your “ dream sanctuary ” could be a poster of your favorite baseball player .
Use whatever excites you , and whatever gets you motivated .
An object .
If you ’re a more physical person , you could use a crystal necklace , a bracelet or some other object as a visual mantra .
My Dream Sanctuary :
This is the view from the Colorado street bridge in Pasadena , where I often cross when walking to work .
My mantra this year has been “ liberation ” and something about this place inspires me .
Maybe it ’s the vast expanse of the trees and life that lives in this valley .
Whatever it is , this is where I keep my dreams .
This is where I let them live and make sure they never die .
If I ’m having a rough day or if I feel frustrated with not accomplishing my goals , I can go back to this place , either physically or in my mind .
It helps me recenter myself and gain perspective .
Most importantly , it keeps my dreams alive .
It ’s important to remember that dreams are realized one day at a time .
Your liberation from dead - end pursuits might take a year or 3 years .
Simply creating a place where you can visit your dreams is n’t enough .
The point of the sanctuary is to keep our dreams alive , not caged .
So we have to take action toward our dreams .
In order to do that , we have to return to uncommon sense , the next article in this series .
Come back next week to find out exactly how we reject the mainstream and start living in the unstream .
Make sure your dreams stay alive by joining the Paid to Exist tribe :
Sharing is caring !
Executive Orders Disposition Tables
Executive Order 11073
Providing for Federal salary administration
Signed : January 2 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 203 ; January 9 , 1963
Revokes : EO 10072 , July 29 , 1949
Supersedes : EO 11056 , October 11 , 1962
Amended by : EO 11173 , August 20 , 1964
Superseded by : EO 11721 , May 23 , 1973
Executive Order 11074
Establishing the President 's Council on Physical Fitness
Executive Order 11075
Administration of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962
Executive Order 11076
Establishing the President 's Advisory Commission on Narcotic and Drug Abuse
Signed : January 15 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 477 ; January 18 , 1963
Executive Order 11077
Administration of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962
Signed : January 22 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 629 ; January 24 , 1963
Amended by : EO 11922 , June 16 , 1976 ; EO 12608 , September 9 , 1987
Executive Order 11078
Creating a Board of Inquiry to report on a labor dispute affecting the ballistics missile , space vehicle and military aircraft industry
Signed : January 23 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 679 ; January 25 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11079
Providing for the prescribing of regulations under which members of the armed forces and others may accept fellowships , scholarships or grants
Signed : January 25 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 819 ; January 29 , 1963
Amended by : EO 11382 , November 28 , 1967 ; EO 12608 , September 9 , 1987 ; EO 13286 , February 28 , 2003
Executive Order 11080
Inspection of income , excess - profits , estate , and gift tax returns by the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
Signed : January 29 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 903 ; January 31 , 1963
Executive Order 11081
Amending the Manual for Courts - Martial , United States , 1951 , to implement section 815 of title 10 , United States Code , relating to nonjudicial punishment
Signed : January 29 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 945 ; February 1 , 1963
Amends : EO 10214 , February 8 , 1951 ( the manual prescribed by the EO )
Executive Order 11082
Inspection of income , excess - profits , estate , and gift tax returns by the Senate Committee on Government Operations
Signed : February 4 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1131 ; February 6 , 1963
Executive Order 11083
Inspection of income , excess - profits , estate , and gift tax returns by the Committee on Government Operations , House of Representatives
Signed : February 6 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1245 ; February 8 , 1963
Executive Order 11084
Amending Executive Order No. 10995 , relating to telecommunications
Signed : February 15 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1531 ; February 19 , 1963
Amends : EO 10995 , February 16 , 1962
Revoked by : EO 11556 , September 4 , 1970
Executive Order 11085
The Presidential Medal of Freedom
Signed : February 22 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1759 ; February 26 , 1963
Amends : EO 9586 , July 6 , 1945 ; EO 10336 , April 3 , 1952 ; EO 10717 , June 27 , 1957
Executive Order 11086
Amendment of Executive Order No. 10587 relating to the administration of section 32(h ) of the Trading with the Enemy Act
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1833 ; February 28 , 1963
Amends : EO 10587 , January 13 , 1955
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11087
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Secretary of State
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1835 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11088
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Secretary of the Treasury
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1837 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11089
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Atomic Energy Commission
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1839 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11090
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Civil Aeronautics Board
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1841 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11091
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Civil Service Commission
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1843 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11092
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Federal Communications Commission
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1847 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11093
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to the Administrator of General Services
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1851 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , Oct 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11094
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to : The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ; The Federal Home Loan Bank Board ; The Farm Credit Administration ; The Export - Import Bank of Washington ; The Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ; The Securities and Exchange Commission ; The Administrator of the Small Business Administration ; and The Administrator of Veterans Affairs
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1855 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11095
Assigning emergency preparedness functions to : The Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority ; The Railroad Retirement Board ; The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ; The Federal Power Commission ; The Director of the National Science Foundation
Signed : February 26 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 1859 ; February 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11490 , October 28 , 1969
Executive Order 11096
Establishing a seal for the United States Civil Service Commission
Signed : February 28 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 2021 ; March 2 , 1963
See notice of March 15 , 1988 , FR Doc. 88-5617 , 53 FR
8530
Executive Order 11097
Amendment of Executive Order No. 10501 , as amended , relating to authority for the original classification of defense information and material
Signed : February 28 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 2225 ; March 7 , 1963
Amends : EO 10501 , November 5 , 1953 ; EO 10901 , January 9 , 1961
See : EO 10985 , January 12 , 1962 ; EO 11652 , March 8 , 1972
Executive Order 11098
Amending the Selective Service regulations
Executive Order 11099
Inspection of income , estate , and gift tax returns by the House of Committee on Public Works
Signed : March 14 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 2619 ; March 19 , 1963
Executive Order 11100
Establishing the President 's Commission on Registration and Voting Participation
Signed : March 30 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3149 ; April 2 , 1963
Amended by : EO 11134 , December 20 , 1963
Executive Order 11101
Creating an emergency board to investigate disputes between the carriers represented by the Eastern , Western , and Southwestern Carriers ' Conference Committees and certain of their employees
Signed : April 3 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3305 ; April 5 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11102
Inspection of returns by possessions of the United States
Signed : April 4 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3373 ; April 6 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11103
Providing for the appointment of former Peace Corps volunteers to the civilian career services
Signed : April 10 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3571 ; April 12 , 1963
Amended by : EO 12107 , December 28 , 1978
See : EO 12034 , January 10 , 1978
Executive Order 11104
U.S.S. Thresher
Signed : April 12 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3689 ; April 16 , 1963
Executive Order 11105
Transferring to the Housing and Home Finance Administrator certain functions of the Atomic Energy Commission under the Atomic Energy Community Act of 1955
Signed : April 18 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3909 ; April 20 , 1963
Amends : EO 9816 , December 31 , 1946 ; EO 10657 , February 14 , 1956
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11106
Providing for the administration of the trade agreements program and related matters
Signed : April 18 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 3911 ; April 20 , 1963
Amends : EO 11075 , January 15 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11846 , March 27 , 1975
See : EO 11030 , June 19 , 1962 ; EO 11113 , June 13 , 1963 ; Title 15 CFR , Chap .
VI , Part 610
Executive Order 11107
Administration of Alaska railroads
Signed : April 25 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 4225 ; April 30 , 1963
Supersedes : EO 3861 , June 8 , 1923
Superseded by : EO 12434 , July 19 , 1983
Executive Order 11108
Delegating authority under the International Wheat Agreement Act of 1949 , as amended , to the Secretary of Agriculture
Signed : May 22 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 5185 ; May 24 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11109
Inspection of income , excess - profits , estate , and gift tax returns by the Committee on Un - American Activities , House of Representatives
Signed : May 27 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 5351 ; May 30 , 1963
Executive Order 11110
Amendment of Executive Order No. 10289 , as amended , relating to the performance of certain functions affecting the Department of the Treasury
Signed : June 4 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 5605 ; June 7 , 1963
Amends : EO 10289 , September 17 , 1951
Executive Order 11111
Providing assistance for the removal of obstructions of justice and suppression of unlawful combinations within the State of Alabama
Signed : June 11 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 5709 ; June 12 , 1963
Executive Order 11112
Establishing the President 's Advisory Council on the Arts
Signed : June 12 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 6037 ; June 14 , 1963
Amended by : EO 11124 , October 28 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11208 , March 24 , 1965
Executive Order 11113
Amendment of Executive Order No. 11075 , as amended , relating to the administration of the trade agreements program
Signed : June 13 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 6183 ; June 15 , 1963
Amends : EO 11075 , January 15 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11846 , March 27 , 1975
See : EO 11106 , April 18 , 1963
Executive Order 11114
Extending the authority of the President 's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity
Signed : June 22 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 6485 ; June 25 , 1963
Amends : EO 10925 , March 6 , 1961
Amended by : EO 11162 , July 28 , 1964
Superseded by : EO 11246 , September 24 , 1965 ( Committee abolished )
Executive Order 11115
Creating an emergency board to investigate disputes between the Pullman Company , the Chicago , Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Company , the New York Central System , and the Soo Line Railroad Company and certain of their employees
Signed : July 4 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 6905 ; July 6 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11116
Prescribing rates of charges for certain hospitalization and dispensary services and delegating authority to prescribe such rates
Signed : August 5 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 8075 ; August 8 , 1963
Revokes : EO 9411 , December 23 , 1943
Amends : EO 10530 , May 10 , 1954
Superseded in part by : EO 11230 , June 28 , 1965
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11117
Establishing an Interagency Committee on International Athletics
Signed : August 13 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 8397 ; August 16 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11515 , March 13 , 1970
Executive Order 11118
Providing assistance for removal of unlawful obstructions of justice in the State of Alabama
Signed : September 10 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 9863 ; September 11 , 1963
Executive Order 11119
Amending the Selective Service regulations
Executive Order 11120
Amendment of Executive Order No. 10152 , relating to incentive pay for hazardous duty , Executive Order No. 10168 , relating to pay for sea duty and duty at certain places , and Executive Order No. 10204 , relating to basic allowances for quarters
Executive Order 11121
Creating an emergency board to investigate a dispute between the United Air Lines , Inc. , and certain of its employees
Signed : October 9 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 10855 ; October 10 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 12553 , February 25 , 1986
Executive Order 11122
Establishing the Rural Development Committee
Signed : October 16 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 11171 ; October 18 , 1963
Revokes : EO 10847 , October 12 , 1959
Superseded by : EO 11307 , September 30 , 1966
Executive Order 11123
Amendment of Executive Order No. 10853 , relating to various allowances to certain Government personnel on foreign duty
Signed : October 18 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 11249 ; October 22 , 1963
Amends : EO 10853 , November 27 , 1959
Executive Order 11124
Enlarging the membership of the President 's Advisory Council on the Arts
Signed : October 28 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 11607 ; October 31 , 1963
Amends : EO 11112 , June 12 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11208 , March 24 , 1965
Executive Order 11125
Delegating authority of the President under sections 205 and 208 of Title 18 of the United States Code , relating to conflicts of interest
Signed : October 29 , 1963
Federal Register page and date : 28 FR 11609 ; October 31 , 1963
Revoked by : EO 11222 , May 8 , 1965
Executive Order 11126
Establishing a committee and a council relating to the status of women
Executive Order 11127
Creating an emergency board to investigate a dispute between the Florida East Coast Railway Company and certain of its employees
A few months ago , a theist contacted me by e-mail to claim that her church , the Mormons , had fulfilled many of the criteria set forth in my essay “ The Theist ’s Guide to Converting Atheists “ .
There was one criterion she thought was unfair of me to list – evidence of miraculous occurrences brought about through prayer :
This one is rough , mainly because faith must precede the miracle .
Similarly , another theist who contacted me by e-mail claimed that it did n’t matter whether anyone could answer any of my arguments now , because God will answer them after I die if only I believe in him :
He will answer all your hard questions when you see Him face to face .
It will all make sense then .
I ’ve heard this argument from members of many sects – Mormons , Muslims , even Scientologists .
All of them make the same claim , that God does not do miracles in front of unbelievers , that they are reserved exclusively as a reward for those who already believe .
A similar claim comes from psychics who say that they ca n’t demonstrate their abilities in the presence of skeptics like James Randi , because the skeptics give off “ negative energy ” that causes their powers to fail .
I marvel at the degree of doublethink that must be pulled off in order to sustain such an argument .
For the religious apologists who make this claim , what they ’re essentially saying is that God chooses to withhold evidence until just after it ’s too late for it to make any difference .
It ’s the opposite of how any scheme of rational persuasion should work : withhold evidence from those who are yet to be convinced ; give evidence only to those who are already convinced .
Such a plan could only be enacted by an irrational , capricious being who actually desired that people did not believe .
What other motivation could there be for God refusing to reach out to the very people he ’s allegedly trying to persuade ?
Given the vast number of incompatible religions and conflicting miracle anecdotes , it would be utterly unreasonable for a deity to expect people to somehow pluck the one true religion out of the multitude of imposters .
Any god that truly wanted people to believe would be obligated to present clear and convincing evidence to distinguish itself from all the false faiths .
How else could people possibly be expected to figure it out ?
It ’s no surprise that this claim is repeated among superstitious and pseudoscientific belief systems of all kinds .
This is exactly what we would expect advocates of a false belief system to say – because , for obvious reasons , that ’s the only thing a false belief system could say when challenged to present its supporting facts .
“ Believe first and then you get the evidence ” is a convenient defense , one that relieves apologists of the troubling necessity of having to support their beliefs in any way at all .
It also gives them a rhetorical boost by portraying doubt and skepticism as sinful actions which God chooses to punish by withholding evidence , an implicit attempt to claim the moral high ground and punt the burden of proof back to the questioner .
And of course , once the prospective member already believes , no evidence needs to be presented .
The contrast between atheism and the faith - comes - first belief systems could not be clearer .
Unlike religious worldviews , atheism makes no demand for belief before evidence .
Unlike religious worldviews , atheism makes no claim to possess secret evidence that will be revealed only to those who approach with the proper attitude of humility and submission .
In the light of reason , there is no secret evidence and no faith required in advance : we can freely present all the facts and invite people to make the most rational decision based on that .
Back in the day and way before I had my act together , I loved ( or back then thought I did ) a girl that did n't love me back .
In fact , she barely knew I was alive until one day in the roach motel of a school cafeteria , I flung a piece of macaroni at her head to get her attention .
The awful public elementary school I was forced to attend by law , had inadvertently “ fated ” us to be together .
The good news was that the deck was n't stacked against me .
I had really good mentors then that showed me early that unrequited love for anything or anyone , was undignified and a waste of time and energy .
You could say that I had the best of both worlds as I was able to enjoy the advantages of being a kid while getting a very decent head start towards being an adult inside my own mind .
When you 're young it can be said that you have an excuse for loving someone that does n't love you back .
Of course , being an adult , you should have learned to have known better by now .
So just what gives with some of us that love the state ?
Why indeed can't we give up that sick addiction to that forced partner who dedicates their foul self to stealing from you and pushing you around , sometimes even harming you in some way if you do n't comply ?
Do you really want to love someone that not only does n't love you back , they even have utter contempt for you ?
Could you actually ever consider such a passion for any abuser , no matter who they are , to be a healthy one ?
How strange it is that a single person may much more often than not , be quickly ejected by you from your life due to their obvious transgressions against your person or property without so much as a second thought as to their value to you .
With that in mind , what kind of perceived “ legitimacy ” would government ever have , even on it 's best day , that uses the same cruel tactics of your garden variety abuser ?
What could they possibly ever give you or someone else that deems it okay to act in the nature that they do that would make all their ills against the world , be absolved ?
Again they do not love or even like you , and you could get to be a pauper ( if you 're not already ) , scraping by while they live it up on funds swiped from you .
They grant themselves privileges and immunities from you , ones you will never enjoy as an “ ordinary person ” .
The armed gang with contrived “ authority ” that refers to itself as “ government ” may conduct their business any way they like , break rules at will , and do what they wish to anyone on earth , will claim authority over your own business and legislate away your rights to run it as you know best .
Typical abuser - speak : “ do as I say , not as I do , I know what 's best for you and yours ” .
Your torturers laugh in your face as they slap you around and you still find it within yourself to love him or her , no matter what privations are heaped upon you .
My mind simply cannot fathom a more sick form of one - way street kind of love than that .
Do you still love the state ?
If so , how could you ever ?
With Liberty ,
Dan Steward
A " Far Side " cartoon describes our innocence about democracy .
A slave rowing a Viking ship puts up his hand and calls to the whip master : " Yoo - hoo !
Oh , yoo - hoo ... I think I 'm getting a blister . "
Like this man , most people cling to the belief that our leaders represent our interests .
" Yoo , hoo , Mr. Bush , you lied about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction . "
At an elite gathering , Bush peered under his lectern and quipped : " Where are those weapons of mass destruction ? "
A tiny cabal of international bankers chooses our " leaders " .
This clique , which subtly controls every significant facet of our society is gradually establishing an global Orwellian police state .
Much of the upper and middle class has been duped to think they are building a better world .
Prove it , you say ?
" The Naked Capitalist " by W.C. Skousen
( available at www.abe.com & www.bookfinder.com)
is yet another smoking gun .
It is based on the revelations contained in Professor Carroll Quiqley 's " Tragedy and Hope : A History of the World in Our Time . " ( 1966 ) Quiqley , a Professor of History at the Foreign Service School at Georgetown University was a trusted insider who had access to their private archives .
He felt the plot , which he supported , was too important to be kept hidden .
However , shortly after publication , his book was taken off the market .
Cleon Skoussen was an FBI agent for 16 years and the Police Chief of Salt Lake City for four years .
His " The Naked Capitalist " distills the most shocking evidence from Quigley 's daunting 1300 - page book .
At just 122 pages , " The Naked Capitalist " ( 1970 ) is a concise , lucid and absolutely convincing account of the international banker conspiracy .
Historians who have largely ignored this material have betrayed the public trust .
OUR PREDICAMENT
Quigley confirms that a network of banking dynasties has , in Skousen 's words , " acquired a choke - hold on the affairs of practically the entire human race . "
According to Quigley , they include " Baring , Lazard , Erlanger , Warburg , Schroder , Selingman , the Speyers , Mirabaud , Malet , and above all Rothschild and Morgan . "
( Citations are from " Tragedy and Hope " , 51 - 52 ) Quigley confirms that , starting with the Bank of England in 1694 , these dynasties organized themselves in a system of central banks that charge their respective nations billions of dollars in interest for the privilege of using currency backed by the nations ' own credit .
In other words , they have carried off a swindle of monstrous proportions .
Quigley quotes William Gladstone who as Chancellor of the Exchequer said in 1852 : " The government itself was not to be a substantive power in matters of Finance , but was to leave the Money Power supreme and unquestioned . "
( 325 ) Put another way , a private credit monopoly controls the purse strings of all the world 's governments .
Able to create money out of nothing , they naturally grabbed as much of the world 's real wealth as they could .
Quigley writes about the formation of their American cartels : " The period 1884 - 1933 was the period of financial capitalism in which investment bankers moving into commercial banking and insurance on the one side , and into railroading and heavy industry on the other were able to mobilize enormous wealth and wield enormous economic , political and social power . "
( 71 ) Indeed their representatives , the " Eastern Establishment " i.e. the Morgans and now the Rockefellers run the United States . ( 72 ) The principle mechanism is the Council on Foreign Relations .
According to Quigley , the ultimate goal is " nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole .
This system was to be controlled ... by the central banks ... acting in concert . " ( 324 ) Quigley confirms that the bankers have usurped mankind 's collective instincts by financing the Socialist and Communist movements .
Bankers love big government because the ultimate monopoly is the State .
Through it , they can take over their competition and control debt , resources , market demand and labor .
Speaking of the Communist takeover of the US government in the 1930's and 1940's , Quigley writes , " it must be understood that the power that these energetic left - wingers exercised was never their own power of Communist power but was ultimately the power of the international financial coterie . "
( 954 )
In other words , millions of idealists committed to human brotherhood and equality were ( and are ) duped into advancing a totalitarian scheme to concentrate wealth and power in the hands of the super rich .
More savvy Leftists , Communists , Feminists and Globalists continue to prosper while unctuously pretending to serve humanity .
The Money Power controls the debate and encourages gridlock by backing all political shades and marginalizing anyone who shines the spotlight on them .
( Ever wonder why Noam Chomsky never mentions international bankers and the credit system ? )
The media is controlled through direct ownership and advertising .
Quigley writes : " To Morgan all political parties were simply organizations to be used , and the firm always was careful to keep a foot in all camps .
Morgan himself , Dwight Morrow and other partners were allied with the Republicans ; Russell C. Lewffingwell was allied with the Democrats ; Grayson Murphy was allied with the extreme Right ; and Thomas W. Lamont was allied with the Left . "
( 945 ) The Lamont family was " sponsors and financial angels to almost a score of extreme Left organizations including the Communist Party itself . "
( 945 ) CONCLUSION
A small cabal of people who are not even citizens hold the financial purse strings of every nation .
This goes a long way to explaining " globalization " and the push to one - world government .
It explains the assault on race , religion , nation and family .
The bankers want a homogeneous world that offers no basis of resistance .
It explains why in a time of supposed security danger , the southern border of the US is practically porous .
The bankers want to undermine America 's European character , which it perceives as a threat .
It explains the war on Iraq , and the fact that there is no opposition in the mainstream parties or press .
This war desecrates a cradle of civilization and assails Islam .
It is also an opportunity to create more debt and enrich the bankers and their corporate allies .
It explains 9 - 11 , the Patriot Repression Act and the phony " War on Terror . "
It explains the depraved mass media and stupefying education system .
I could go on but you get the picture .
We are krill at the mercy of a gigantic whale .
At the very least , let 's not waste energy thinking we live in a free and open society .
Our democracy is a ruse .
_____ Henry Makow Ph.D. is the inventor of the game Scruples and author of " A Long Way to go for a Date . "
His articles exposing fe-manism and the New World Order can be found at his web site www.savethemales.ca
He enjoys receiving comments , some of which he posts on his site using first names only .
hmakow@gmail.com
That site says students can determine their legal residence , but advises them to consider certain questions .
“ Are you claimed as a dependent on your parents ’ income tax return ? ” the site asks .
“ If you are , then their address is probably your legal residence . ”
The site also tells students to check whether their coverage under their parents ’ health or automobile insurance , or their scholarship , will be affected by changing their residence .
Civil rights lawyers say these guidelines are problematic and could infringe on students ’ rights .
“ What the state Board of Elections has on its Web site , to me , sounds like it is discouraging students from registering at their school address , ” said Jon Greenbaum , director of the Voting Rights Project at the Lawyers ’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law .
Indeed , the Montgomery County registrar , E. Randall Wertz , said several students had canceled their local registration over their worry about the possible consequences .
Mr. Wertz said he had issued the release to try to dispel confusion and explain what he believed to be the consequences of choosing a college address as a primary residence .
“ My understanding of state law has been that by declaring you ’re voting here , you ’re saying this is your primary residence , your domicile , and that while you can have many abodes or residences , you can only have one domicile , ” Mr. Wertz said .
“ And if this is your primary residence , you have to register your vehicle here , charge your driver ’s license to here and so on .
That ’s been the interpretation at state training sessions . ”
Kevin Griffis , the Obama campaign ’s Virginia spokesman , said the release appeared to be a good - faith effort to convey state guidelines , not a politically motivated effort to stop voting by students .
Mr. Wertz said the initial release had been written by an intern whom he asked to summarize the guidelines .
Although the second release used the state ’s precise language , he said , it still left room for confusion .
In other counties , registrars have refused to accept dormitory addresses as residences .
But so far , the state has not set clear standards .
Amazing technology , $ 20,000 today but give it 10 years so many applications not least for those injured and handicapped ..
Share
0 shares Twitter
Facebook
Email
Reddit
Buffer
Flipboard
This blog thrives on ferreting out the unexamined assumptions of Israel ’s uncritical supporters .
One of them is The Atlantic ’s Jeffrey Goldberg .
Israel Policy Forum just e-mailed me a panel discussion he conducted with Israel ’s former New York consul general , Alon Pinkas .
The sheer chutzpah of Goldberg ’s statements about Rahm Emanuel took my breath away :
The rumor about Obama ’s “ Jewish problem ” was one of the non-stories of the campaign .
Approximately 78 percent of the Jews who voted went for Obama .
Obviously , they did n’t buy it .
It is interesting , however , that if you had been able to tell people that “ the guy who will be running the White House is essentially an Israeli , ” it may have quieted some people down .
… Emanuel is emotionally tied to Israel in ways that very few politicians are , and is unyielding on Israel ’s right to exist .
I ’ve never been taken with the dual loyalty issues that occupy Phil Weiss .
But Goldberg has just backed into this one with his eyes wide open .
Should American Jews feel more comfortable that Rahm Emanuel is “ essentially an Israeli ” and will therefore do Israel ’s bidding in the White House ?
This somehow does n’t make me more comfortable .
It makes me queasy .
I do n’t mind having Israel ’s perspective represented in policy discussions .
But to feel happy that Obama ’s key aide represents Israel ’s perspective in his own person –that ’s too much for me .
And here now I ’ve been trying to persuade my readers that regardless of Emanuel ’s views he ’s going to be subordinate to Obama ’s views on Israel even if they might disagree with his own .
Goldberg comes along and blows my claim right out of the water .
Screw chain of command , Emanuel friggin’ OWNS the White House .
My God , what a train wreck Goldberg is .
To be fair , Goldberg follows up with this attempt to balance the equation :
… His low tolerance for nonsense and his willingness to get into people ’s faces should give caution to those who think he will be some sort of “ rubber stamp ” to all of Israel ’s policies .
But this statement seems almost an afterthought .
The preponderant emphasis is on the first passage and not the second .
The full audio of the discussion is here .
The US car industry is in need of resuscitation US politicians have told the crisis - hit " Big Three " carmakers to come up with their own viable recovery plan if they want a $ 25 bn ( £ 17 bn ) government rescue .
The leaders of both houses of Congress said Ford , General Motors and Chrysler had until 2 December to present a plan .
Their comments came after four senators - Republicans and Democrats - said they had agreed a bipartisan aid deal .
The White House said President George W Bush favoured their deal , which would have used an energy department loan .
" This is an agreement the president could support , " said White House spokeswoman Dana Perino .
" We encourage the Congress to pass it as soon as possible . "
But House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said there would be no bail - out without a plan showing that the money would make the firms financially viable .
" Until they show us the plan , we cannot show them the money , " she said .
Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader , said that motor industry leaders needed " to get their act together " .
" The executives of the auto industry have not been able to convince the American people or the Congress that this bail - out would be their last , " he added .
After the car industry executives return to Washington on 2 December , Congress could be reconvened the following week to vote on a bail - out bill .
But time is short : the car - makers have suffered a collapse in sales and General Motors says it will run out of money by early next year .
' Disappointed ' Earlier on Thursday , Democratic Senators Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow , from Michigan , the heart of the US car industry , and Republicans Kit Bond of Missouri and George Voinovich of Ohio said they had a bipartisan deal , but this did not garner wider support .
Their deal called for using a $ 25 bn energy department loan to the motor industry , which was originally designed to spur the development of fuel - efficient vehicles .
The idea was that as the industry recovered , it would replenish the fund and the money would be used for its original purpose .
This was the approach favoured by the Bush administration .
" Their plan provides assistance from already - appropriated funds and has strong taxpayer protections , " Ms Perino said .
Senator Levin said he and his three colleagues were " obviously ... disappointed " .
Jobs risk
The chief executives of General Motors , Ford and Chrysler pleaded for the $ 25 bn bail - out before two congressional committees this week , but came away empty - handed .
They were lambasted for making the trip to Washington by private jet .
The car firms say they risk collapse , which could lead to millions of Americans losing their jobs .
Democrats have demanded that the White House and the Treasury carve out $ 25bn in funding from the already - agreed $ 700 bn finance industry bail - out to support the car firms .
Meanwhile , the United Auto Workers president , Ron Gettelfinger , said on Thursday that politicians needed to take immediate action on a $ 25 bn bridge loan bill to support the US car industry , otherwise he said one or more firms could fail .
Mr Gettelfinger , who testified on Tuesday and Wednesday to congressional committees in support of the loans , said action was needed " now , today " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You ’ve probably encountered them , whether in shops , on trains , or perhaps burgling your kitchen .
Other people are everywhere , like some sort of uncontrolled disease .
Recognisable by their not being you , with their different faces and opinions , they ’re exactly the sort of thing that ‘s wrong with society .
History books show there has never been a war that was n’t caused or exacerbated by the involvement of other people , and while anecdotal , I ’ve yet to get into an argument which did n’t involve at least one other person .
And they ’re ruining my videogames .
Since I was four years old , games either involved no one else , or at least only a very select few hand picked after passing a rigorous selection process .
As I sat on stacked cushions to reach the Spectrum ’s squishy keyboard , my entertainment was not encumbered by other people marching into the dimly lit cave and taking the rope before I could type my way toward it .
I did not have to share my victory .
Any gold I found ?
Mine .
All mine .
Am I a narcissistic curmudgeon ?
Yes , yes I am .
But now games are changing .
The whole gaming landscape is changing .
Remarkably , the single player game is rapidly become a niche within the wider spectrum , almost no games appearing without at least some form of multiplayer or co-op play .
Now , I ’m going to step in and make an exception for in - the - same - room - co - op play .
We ’re back to my elitist selection process , where a carefully chosen one can play alongside me .
That ’s not what ’s on trial here – co-op can rest easy .
Multiplayer gamers , however , that ’s right , look afraid .
From online shooters to MMOs , will you people just leave me alone .
I ’m not an unreasonable person .
In fact , I ’ll gladly play an MMO .
But let me be clear : I have no desire to team up with you , I in no way want to be in your party , and joining your guild is the last thing I ’m going to planning on doing .
Because at the very moment I ’m playing with anyone else , I ’m suddenly responsible .
That ’s the last thing I want .
Responsibilities are what force me to fill in tax returns , or remember to put the bins out .
In no way should my taxes and bins become a part of my leisure time .
I absolutely do not wish to be beholden to anyone else when I ’m playing .
I do n’t owe you anything , and I was perfectly happy before you came along , so just leave me alone .
God .
This is why I ’m so excited to hear about Bioware ’s new MMO , The Old Republic .
An MMO where you get NPC party members ?
Good grief , yes .
A thousand times yes .
I get the extra hands I require to tackle a stronger foe , but without them bitching and whining at me because I did n’t use my double - cloaking no -hit AOE poison buff at exactly the point they would have used it if they were playing on their own .
See ?
SEE ?
Every single bugger in these games just wants the others in their parties to be the over - qualified AI companions that perform the tasks they do n’t have time for .
If you do n’t play like they would have done it , you ’ve failed them , you ’ve let them down , you ’ve spoiled their game .
Why would anyone want that pressure ?
Why not fill in their tax returns too ?
But if my party members are NPCs , they ’ll do what they ’re programmed to do , or when I tell them to do it .
That ’s great for any of the above frustrations I might experience .
But more importantly , when I do n’t do what they might want when they might demand it , they ’re not going to storm off in a giant pissy huff and block me on IM .
Knowing you , you ’re probably saying , “ Then what you want is Knights of the Old Republic 3 , not an MMO . ”
Well , that ’s not true .
I really do want an MMO of KotOR ’s world , because then I ’ll have myself a KotOR game that does n’t end !
And Bioware , mightiest at the RPG , utterly suck at endings .
What better thing could I ask for than a favourite RPG series made infinite ?
And how glorious that I ’ll be able to experience it without rubbish other people bloody going on .
Of course , someone might point out that in The Old Republic ’s plans , NPCs who do n’t like your behaviour might walk out the party .
That ’s something else entirely .
Not approving of my moral choices – that ’s fascinating .
And rather different than puffing their chests out and whining because I did n’t hit the baddie they wanted me too .
So is this just because I ’m rubbish , and let other people down all the time ?
No , it ’s really not .
It ’s because I might want to go over there and look at that flower , and it ’s no more reasonable for me to expect everyone else to join me on that sidetrack than it is for anyone else to ask me not to .
This is n’t exclusive to MMOs .
If I ’m playing a first - person shooter , you know what ?
I ’m going to take my time .
You do n’t like that ?
Then kindly move along .
I ’ve sat in a room recently with people playing Team Fortress 2 , screaming – and I mean SCREAMING – in anger at a Medic ’s failure ( someone not in the room ) to uber - charge them the very instant they wanted it .
The person may have been screwing up , I do n’t know .
But I do know that I have no desire , ever , to be that poor guy .
Why would I ?
Why would I want to be weighed down by that much responsibility , such that other people playing a game get so incredibly angry with me ?
Maybe I did n’t want to do it then , because it was n’t my fancy .
Teamwork is a miserable experience when you ’re meant to be playing .
PLAYING !
Okay , that ’s not fair .
Those people are angry because that Medic ’s play is spoiling their game .
If the Medic had played to their advantage , they ’d have had a better time , possibly not been killed , and their time would have been altogether more enjoyable .
And once again I come back to the pressure .
What messed up set of events are in place where my actions are responsible for other people ’s having a decent game ?
Too much !
Get me out of there !
See , I ’m very happy to play TF2 , but so long as I can muddle along with my own thing , in my own time , making my own mistakes .
I ’ll be the one trying to solo the game , thanks indeed .
So I say to you planet Earth , enough with other people .
Either you all back away and leave me to enjoy my games in peace , or I start to introduce sanctions .
Harsh , possibly unfair , but I think entirely appropriate .
PHILADELPHIA -- Tie ?
What tie ?
Thanks to Donovan McNabb , players around the league now must know there does n't have to be a winner or loser in every regular - season game .
Yes , there are ties in the NFL .
They just do n't happen too often .
A day after the Philadelphia Eagles and Cincinnati Bengals played to a 13 - 13 tie -- the league 's first since 2002 -- the focus was n't on how poorly the teams performed on the field .
Instead , everyone wanted to know how it 's possible some professional football players , especially a 10 - year veteran such as McNabb , do n't know simple rules about overtimes games .
" I 'm sure there are plenty of rules that guys do n't understand , but I do n't think that has any factor whatsoever to do with the outcome of this game and how they played in the overtime , " Eagles coach Andy Reid said Monday .
" I think that 's absurd .
You play to win in that time , whether you think you have another overtime period or you do n't .
And you play your heart out to win it in that time , and that 's how we approached it and that 's how the players approached it . "
Reid ignored the point .
Whether the players ' ignorance about the overtime rule affected the outcome is debatable .
It 's inconceivable and embarrassing that some of them did n't know a game can end in a tie .
Tenants who are too posh to wash Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The burden of cleaning tenement stairs is falling on fewer and fewer people - and they are not happy about the neighbours who are too posh to wash .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
[ digg - reddit - me ] [ W ] hen his Democratic crowds jeer at the mere mention of Senator John McCain , [ Obama ] offers a gentle scolding , “ You do n’t need to boo , you just need to vote . ”
From Jeff Zeleny ’s New York Times piece today .
Contrast this with McCain ’s and Palin ’s escalating rhetoric and their seeming embrace of much of the negative attitudes of their crowds .
McCain finally had enough and tried to calm some people down as the vehemence and extremism of his crowds became a political issue in and of itself – but you can still see him reveling in the boos at the mention of Obama , The New York Times , or other liberal bogeymen .
One of the essential elements of what makes Obama ’s politics so compelling is that it is not toxic – as so much political dialogue today is .
His attempt to raise the level of political discourse and to engage in respectful political dialogue has become one of his trademarks – even though his campaign has often failed to live up to this high standard .
Obama has proved that he is willing and able to hit back hard – and to land some low blows .
But his focus has always been on the substance – for example , treating Keating Five as a distraction – producing an ad and holding it until McCain started his personal attacks on Obama .
All this reminds me of the story of the pro-life protestors at an Obama rally in New Hampshire the day before the primary election versus Hillary :
… the day before the New Hampshire primary , a group of pro-life protesters interrupted an Obama rally .
They refused to stop chanting to allow Mr. Obama to speak , and after a few minutes , they were removed by security .
The largely Democratic crowd was clearly on Barack ’s side in this – booing the protesters , drowning their chants out .
But after they left , Mr. Obama gently scolded the crowd :
Let me just say this though .
Some people got organized to do that .
That ’s part of the American tradition we are proud of .
And thats hard too , standing in the midst of people who disagree with you and letting your voice be heard .
Another story of Obama ’s politically unnecessary grace comes Peggy Noonan wrote last Friday :
When the press was hitting hard on the pregnancy of Sarah Palin ’s 17 - year - old daughter , he did not respond with a politically shrewd “ I have no comment , ” or “ We should n’t judge . ”
Instead he said , “ My mother had me when she was 18 , ” which shamed the press and others into silence .
He showed grace when he did n’t have to .
Let me be clear – Obama is no saint .
But there is an uncommon grace about him , especially in contrast to our politics .
It is this grace that is the essence of Obama ’s particular brand of post - partisanship .
It is this grace that deflates the hyped - up fears that people like Fouad Ajami try to foment as they recall how leaders harnassing the power of crowds have brought down Arab societies .
What Ajami misses is the relationship Obama has to the crowd – which makes all the difference .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
" I 'm currently in the process of customizing the firmware for a RAID controller used in some of my company 's products , " jspenguin wrote , " The LCD Controller Module ( LCM ) is written in PHP and , as it turns out , an LCM is not quite what PHP was designed for .
In addition to abusing exec ( ) all over the place , they poorly re-implement functions that are built - in to PHP . "
function strcenter ( $string , $ len = LCM_ROW_LEN ) { // printf ( " %s
" , __FUNCTION__ ) ; $ size = strlen ( $ string ) ; if ( $ size > $ len ) return $ string ; $ divisor = ( $ len - $ size ) / 2 ; unset ( $ new_str ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ divisor ; $ i++ ) { $ new_str .= " " ; } $ new_str .= sprintf ( " %s " , $ string ) ; for ( $i = strlen ( $ new_str ) ; $ i < $ len ; $ i++ ) { $ new_str .= " " ; } //$test = strlen ( $ new_str ) ; //echo " len = $ test
" ; return $ new_str ; } function strleft ( $ string , $ len = LCM_ROW_LEN ) { // printf ( " %s
" , __FUNCTION__ ) ; $ size = strlen ( $ string ) ; if ( $ size > $ len ) return $ string ; $ remainder = $ len - $ size ; unset ( $ new_str ) ; $ new_str .= sprintf ( " %s " , $ string ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ remainder ; $ i++ ) { $ new_str .= " " ; } //$test = strlen ( $ new_str ) ; //echo " len = $ test
" ; return $ new_str ; } function LCM_get_base_position ( $ length , $ tag=TAG_NONE ) { for ( $ i = 0 ; $ i < $ length ; $ i++ ) { $ string .= " X " ; } switch ( $ tag ) { case TAG_ENT : case TAG_SCROLL : $ max = LCM_ROW_LEN - 1 ; break ; case TAG_SCROLL_ENT : case TAG_UP_ENT : case TAG_DN_ENT : $ max = LCM_ROW_LEN - 2 ; break ; case TAG_NONE : default : break ; } $ string = strcenter ( $ string , $ max ) ; // printf ( " %s : str = %s , max = %d , length = %d
" , __FUNCTION__ , $ string , $ max , $ length ) ; $ pos = strpos ( $ string , ' X ' ) ; if ( $ pos == false ) { printf ( " %s : Failed to get postion
" , __FUNCTION__ ) ; } else { return $ pos ; } }
jspenguin continued , " I especially like the sprintf ( " %s " , $ string ) .
As for their exec ( ) abuse ... "
function alarm_mute ( ) { //exec(" echo 0 > / proc/ems/alarm/tone ; echo 0 > /proc/ems/system/error_led " ) ; exec ( " echo 0 > / proc/ems/alarm/tone " ) ; } function GetIfaceInfo( & $ config , &$address , &$ submask , &$ gateway , &$ dns ) { $ dhcp_cmd = " grep \ " iface eth0 inet dhcp \ " /etc/network /interfaces " ; exec ( $ dhcp_cmd , $ a1 ) ; if ( count ( $ a1 ) == 1 ) { $ config = " dhcp " ; } else { $ config = " static " ; } $ get_addr_cmd = " ifconfig eth0 | awk ' $ 1 ~ / inet / {print $ 2} ' | awk - F : '{print $ 2} ' " ; exec ( $ get_addr_cmd , $ temp ) ; $ address_string = $ temp [ 0 ] ; GetIfaceforIP ( $ gateway_string , $ submask_string , $dns_string ) ; TransIfaceInfo( $address_string , $ address ) ; TransIfaceInfo( $submask_string , $ submask ) ; TransIfaceInfo( $ gateway_string , $ gateway ) ; TransIfaceInfo( $dsn_string , $ dns ) ; }
" And as a bonus , due in no small part to the kernel module , exec ( ) is slow .
Really slow .
It takes nearly a whole second to fork and execute a process .
This means it takes two or three seconds to write a single event to the log .
So , if there was a problem that affected all eight hard drives -- say , a power issue -- this is what will happen :
1. LCM reports the first drive failure and starts alarming .
2 . User presses the Mute button and , three second later , the beeping stops .
3 . Seconds later , LCM repors the second drive failure and start alarming .
4 . User presses the Mute button and , three second later , the beeping stops .
-- snip -- 16 .
User presses the Mute button and , three second later , the beeping stops .
For good .
" I doubt anyone actually makes it until the last step , though .
It 's much easier to just yank the power plug in frustration . "
By NATASHA COURTENAY -SMITH
Last updated at 09:35 29 April 2008
At just seven years old , Shane
Holleywell already weighed
almost 10st .
His Body Mass Index
( BMI ) was a staggering 36.9 ,
double what it should be , making
him morbidly obese ; the only clothes
that would fit him were for children five
years older .
His weight severely affected his mobility .
The
sheer effort of walking up the two flights of stairs to
the family 's flat left him in tears .
Scroll down for more ...
Teighan Robertson before fat camp , weighing six stone
Shane has been hugely overweight for years , and
on one occasion , aged nearly three , had to be
admitted to hospital as an emergency after he
turned blue in his sleep : his body weight was
crushing his airways and suffocating him .
By the time Teighan Robertson was one , she was
already too heavy for her mother to lift .
Four years
later she was wearing clothes meant for a 12 - yearold ,
she weighed 6st 2lb and her BMI was 27 .
As with Shane , the slightest physical activity was
too much .
At an age when her contemporaries were learning to ride a bike , the five - year - old would
have to lean against the gate to catch her breath
even after a short run down the garden path .
Theirs are horrifyingly common stories .
Around
four - and - a- half million children in the UK are overweight
or obese , and the problem is growing .
More pre-school children than ever — a quarter of them
— fall into these two categories .
And the worry is
that once obese , they will remain so , with serious
implications for their health .
" Eight out of ten obese children will become
obese adults , " says Professor Paul Gately , director
of Carnegie Weight Management at Leeds
Metropolitan University .
Not only does this expose them to problems suchas bullying , but it puts them at greater risk of
premature death through conditions such as
diabetes , heart disease and cancer .
How is it that parents can let their children get
so big ?
Weight for me !
Teighan with mum Sonia after losing almost 11⁄2st
Professor Gately says most parents are in denial
about the real cause of the problem — that they
are to blame .
" They come to me with all sorts of
reasons as to why their child is overweight , such as
a slow metabolism or the idea that being overweight
is in the family genes , " he says .
" But this is n't
the problem .
" The fact is that parents are confused by food —
they hear all the messages about fats , sugar and
salt being bad , and they feel overwhelmed .
" They
are often unable to read food labels properly —
simply because they have n't been shown how to .
" Really , the only thing they need to worry about is
calories .
It 's a simple equation of energy in versus
energy out .
If we eat too much and exercise too
little , we become overweight . "
Not only do parents overestimate how many
calories their child needs but , he says , they also usefood — particularly sweets , chocolates
and crisps — " to show their children love
and control their behaviour " .
" Childhood obesity is on the rise ,
largely because children are increasingly
sedentary and parents are uneducated
about diet .
While help is available for
older children , there has been little
intervention for pre-school children .
" The more we can nip pre-school
obesity in the bud , the more successful
we 'll be at tackling later - childhood and
adult obesity . "
To this end , Professor Gately has just
run Britain 's first weight loss camp for
children under eight ( he 's run similar
programmes for teenagers for the past
eight years ) .
At the camp , which features in the ITV
documentary Too Fat To Toddle next
Tuesday , he helped parents tackle their
misapprehensions and offered common-sense
advice — with startling results .
Not only did the children involved
in the programme lose significant
amounts of weight , but in research to be
published tomorrow in the Journal Of
Atherosclerosis And Thrombosis , their
levels of LDL — the " bad " cholesterol
linked to heart disease — also dropped .
SHANE and Teighan were among
the first attendees at the camp
and , six weeks later , both of
them have lost a significant
amount of weight .
But not without their
mothers having to face up to some
painful truths .
" Because I 've always been a size eight ,
and my two other children are slim , I
assumed Teighan had some sort of
genetic condition that was causing her
weight gain , " says her mother , 32 - yearold
Sonia Robertson from Tullibody , in
Clackmannanshire , Scotland .
In fact , it emerged that Teighan was
consuming a massive 2,680 calories a
day — 600 more than an adult woman
should eat , and more than twice what a
child of her age should have .
An average three - year - old needs around 1,100
calories a day ; an average five - year - old
needs 1,200 calories ; and an average
seven - year - old 1,400 to 1,500 .
" As a baby , when Teighan cried I 'd feed
her , " says Sonia .
" I had n't even realised
you could over - feed a baby or a small
child ; I thought they stopped eating
when they were full .
" Then , as Teighan got older , I was
simply feeding her too much of the
wrong food .
" I gave her ready meals , and
always the same size portions as myself
and the other children .
On top of that ,
she was n't getting enough exercise . "
Shane 's mother , Hayley , 27 , a
housewife from Barking , Essex , had also
been in denial about her son 's size .
Although doctors had told her in no
uncertain terms that Shane had to lose
weight , they tested him for a range of
conditions including diabetes and
genetic anomalies , which only
confirmed her view there was a medical
reason for his weight gain .
It was only at the end of last year , with
all tests having come back negative —
and noticing that her other children ,
Louis , five , and Tayla , three , were also
gaining weight — that Hayley was finally
forced to face the truth .
" I knew deep down that I was probably
doing something wrong , but I had no
idea what .
I 've always been big myself
— I'm a size 16 to 18 — and their father
is big , too , so I kept telling myself that
being big was in our genes . "
Prior to the fat camp , Professor Gatelyinterviewed the parents about their
children 's diet , exercise levels and
lifestyles .
Over the course of the initial
weekend , parents were put through a
detailed educational programme —
including learning how to read labels ,
make child - appropriate meals and what
exercise their children should be doing
— while the youngsters participated in a
range of physical activities .
The camp does n't promote fad diets
or gimmicks , just advice about eating
less and exercising more .
At the end of the weekend , the families
were sent away with a six - week plan to
follow at home , and received weekly
phone calls during which they were
offered support and advice .
Hayley admits that not only was most
of the information a revelation , but until
the course , she had n't fully grasped the
ramifications of her children 's weight .
Although it was Shane 's weight that
had initially spurred her to get involved ,
she discovered Louis had a BMI of 22.6
— well into the obese range — and Tayla
was also classified as overweight .
" Professor Gately said that if an adult
had a BMI as high as Shane 's , the
chances of things such as diabetes ,
heart disease and cancer would n't even
be open for debate , " says Hayley .
" I was gobsmacked .
When Professor
Gately went on to say it was nothing to
with their metabolism and all to do
with the amount of food they were eating versus
the energy they were expending
, I burst into tears .
I can't even begin
to describe how ashamed I felt . "
Since the beginning of the course ,
Shane 's weight has dropped to eight - and -
a - half stone and he's now wearing
clothes for a nine - year - old .
Louis has
also lost almost a stone .
Even I 've lost half a stone , ' says their
mum Hayley .
This has been achieved by simple
style and diet changes .
Instead of
pizza and chips or chicken nuggets ,
Hayley prepares healthy meals from
scratch — such as grilled chicken with
vegetables .
The children start their day
with cereal or wholegrain toast and
fruit , have sandwiches instead of school
dinners and snack on fruit .
" I 've also mastered portion size , " saysHayley .
" I used to think that because
Shane was a big boy , he needed big
portions .
Now I weigh everything and
have invested in smaller bowls so they
eat less . "
Before fat camp , the children had
never been swimming .
Now , Hayley
takes them to the pool at least once a
week and sends them out to play on
their bikes instead of watching TV .
Most importantly , she has
set strict boundaries when
it comes to their behaviour .
" I 'd fallen into the cycle of
feeling guilty about their size and giving
them sweets to show them how much I
loved them , " she says .
" And when they
were being naughty and arguing , I 'd
bribe them with crisps and chocolate . "
Parents ' willingness to give in to their
children 's demands was a problem for
the Yadid family from Bushey , Hertfordshire ,
also on the fat camp .
Janine Yadid , 37 , runs a children's
nursery where she prepares meals every
day , and although she knows all about a
balanced diet , her hard work was being
undermined by her engineer husband ,
Rami — he simply gave their children
Edden , five , and Tal , two , crisps and
sweets whenever they wanted .
Although not as extreme as the
situation faced by Sonia and Hayley ,
Janine 's daughter Edden was classified
as obese , and Tal was already officially
overweight .
" Edden wears you down with her
demands until you feel you have no
choice but to give in to her , " says Janine .
" I was more strict than my husband .
" He 'd prefer to give them chocolate and
see them happy than say no and make
them cry .
I was making the mistake of
letting them snack on nuts , thinking
they were healthy .
In fact , the calorie
content of nuts was far too high , so they
were gaining weight . "
With Professor Gately 's help , Janine
realised she and her husband needed to
work on their communication so that
they agreed on their children 's diet .
She also needed to be stricter at mealtimes .
Another issue identified was that the children were asking for seconds and so
ended up having similar - sized meals to
their parents .
" All we needed to do was tweak our
regime , " says Janine .
" Although there
were a few tears at first , the children
adapted to the new routine fairly well . "
Six weeks after the course , Edden's
BMI has gone down by 1.5 points to 18 ,
which means she is now officially overweight ,
not obese .
Meanwhile , in Scotland , Teighan is
proudly showing off her new , more
streamlined figure .
The improvement is
dramatic .
Before fat camp she weighed
6st 2lb ; she now weighs 4st 11lb .
" The hardest thing was explaining we
had to follow the new diet because she
was overweight , " says Sonia .
" I 'd always
tried to protect her , and when her
friends called her fat I 'd say she was
beautiful as she was .
I felt guilty telling
Teighan the truth and she was very
tearful about it , but I reassured her we'd
get there together . "
The most important change Sonia has
made , she says , is learning how to read
food labels and count calories .
Teighan now sticks to a strict 1,200 calories a day
and exercises on a trampoline every day .
She is much fitter and no longer suffers
from breathlessness .
" We did have a few problems at first —
Teighan threw temper tantrums at
mealtimes when she saw the vegetables
on her plate and noticed she had
smaller portions than everyone else , "
says Sonia .
" But things are better now ,
and Teighan knows what she 's allowed
to eat .
I knew we 'd reached a turning
point the other day when she refused a
piece of chocolate from a neighbour and
asked for an apple instead .
" Its a shame Teighan has had to
become aware of such issues as weight ,
calories and diet at such a young age ,
but needs must .
She 's much happier
and loves running around with her
friends .
The best thing of all is that I can
now pick her up , as any mother should
be able to do with their five - year - old . "
Too Fat To Toddle is on ITV1 at
9 pm next Tuesday .
For more
information about Professor
Gately 's weight loss camps , log on to
www.carnegieweightmanagement .
com .
Places may be funded on the
NHS depending on the policy of your
local primary care trust
SASHA TSYRLIN is a location scout who has spent decades finding sites to film television commercials .
He used to spend his days in mansions and gated estates .
“ You would go to big houses and pretend this is how the average American lived , ” he said .
These days , his job is significantly less glamorous .
Now , advertisers want their commercials filmed in homes meant for middle - class or even blue - collar families , Mr. Tsyrlin said .
“ The client always seems to have an emphasis on , ‘ A house is too fancy , ’ ” he added .
“ They say , ‘ Well , we do n’t want the audience to think that only rich people can afford our product . ’ ”
As the economy rapidly deteriorates from flourishing to floundering , marketers are scrambling to remake their advertising so products seem affordable and sensible rather than indulgent and fabulous .
For many big marketers , including automakers , retailers , consumer product companies and even financial services , a major shift in consumer psychology spells an end to the aspirational advertising that has dominated their campaigns for the last decade .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Before being sworn in or casting their first votes , some newly elected members of Congress were introduced Wednesday to another hallmark of life on Capitol Hill -- the big - ticket reception for big - money donors .
Twenty - two Democrats who will be joining the House of Representatives in January , along with a Democrat who faces a delayed election contest in December , were the invited guests of honor at the " 2008 Red to Blue New Member Debt Retirement Reception " at the Democratic National Committee headquarters .
The 8:30 a.m. event 's invitation -- from House Commerce Committee Chairman John Dingell and House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick Rahall -- told lobbyists and other potential donors that " as this historic campaign year comes to a close , these newest members of Congress need your help in retiring their campaign debt . "
Along with the invitation came a dance card of sorts -- a list of the names of all 23 alongside blanks on which donors are encouraged to write down the amount they 'd like to contribute .
The card also lists the names of each candidate 's campaign committee -- to make writing the checks easier .
The invitation encourages donors to sign up at levels ranging from a $ 20,000 " PAC Host " to a $ 2,500 " Individual Friend . "
It was unclear how many of the future House members honored at the reception actually attended it .
A spokesman for Dingell said he was too busy to talk about the fundraiser .
Rahall said that although he supports public campaign financing , fundraisers like the one he sponsored are a must for elected officials until an adequate system is put in place .
He said political action committees , like the ones invited to the reception , are funded by volunteer contributions from members of the groups they represent and that " every group has their representative in Washington these days . "
" I do not know another way of financing campaigns unless you are a zillionaire and able to reach in your own pocket and finance your campaign , " Rahall , of West Virginia , said as he was walking into the event .
But Joan Claybrook , president of the watchdog group Public Citizen , is n't a fan of the warm welcome the new lawmakers received on a cold and windy morning in Washington .
" This is the old - boy network at work , and these members of Congress got an introduction to Washington and the Congress that I think is unfortunate , " Claybrook said .
Such gatherings were certainly a part of doing business when Republicans controlled Congress .
Claybrook said that despite talk of change during the election year , the influence of lobbyists is entrenched in Washington and is n't likely to go anywhere .
" This is all - strings - attached , " Claybrook said .
" They know who gave the money and when key issues come up -- key bills , key amendments -- these members are going to be approached by special interests and asked to vote with them because they gave the money . "
Ric Fenton , a lobbyist who attended the reception , said he was not there to buy access to the future lawmakers .
" No . Absolutely no , " said Fenton , who specializes in mining issues , when asked .
He said he planned to give $ 5,000 to several of the new representatives .
" We 're just educators and we provide an important function as an education function , " Fenton said .
The National Mining Association , which represents large coal companies , is among the clients of Klein and Saks Group -- the company Fenton works for .
Rep.-elect Mark Schauer , who will represent the Battle Creek , Michigan , area , said he already had to raise a lot of money to win his election .
He said he came to the event to meet people who could help educate him on issues .
" It 's the policy side that we are going to need a lot of guidance -- especially this economic mess that we are in right now , " Schauer said .
Schauer said he did n't know how much was raised or how much he will receive , but he said he met some interesting people .
" I got to make connection with a couple of important future colleagues and meet some people involved in the process so , you know , I am even more ready to hit the ground running , " he said .
One of the important people Schauer got to connect with was House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland .
Applause for Hoyer could be heard outside after he arrived at the reception , which was closed to the news media .
Hoyer said the media overplays the influence lobbyists have on the votes of elected officials .
" Do they have communication with people that contribute ?
Of course they do , " Hoyer said .
" No one would doubt that .
But their main interest here is serving the best interest of their constituents and their country . "
He said that gatherings like Wednesday 's give lobbyists and others access " just as a citizen gets access when they go to a town meeting and spend some time there , or when they volunteer in a campaign . "
Hoyer added that many of those attending the event were there more to show support for the new lawmakers than to seek favor from them .
" You would be surprised at how many people in this room are Democrats first and interest representatives second , " he said .
" Now , I know that sounds strange to the community , but that has been my experience . "
The following are the 22 Democrats newly elected to Congress and one Democratic candidate honored at Wednesday 's reception .
( It is unknown whether all of the honorees attended the reception . )
John Adler ( New Jersey , 3rd District )
Bobby Bright ( Alabama , 2nd District )
Paul Carmouche ( Louisiana , 4th District .
Facing Dec. 6 election vs. Republican nominee )
Kathy Dahlkemper ( Pennsylvania , 3rd District )
Alan Grayson ( Florida , 8th District )
Parker Griffith ( Alabama , 5th District )
Martin Heinrich ( New Mexico , 1st District )
Jim Himes ( Connecticut , 4th District )
Ann Kirkpatrick ( Arizona , 1st District )
Larry Kissell ( North Carolina , 8th District )
Suzanne Kosmas ( Florida , 24th District )
Frank Kratovil ( Maryland , 1st District )
Ben Ray Lujan ( New Mexico , 3rd District )
Betsy Markey ( Colorado , 4th District )
Eric Massa ( New York , 29th District )
Walt Minnick ( Idaho , 1st District )
Glenn Nye ( Virginia , 2nd District )
Tom Perriello ( Virginia , 5th District )
Gary Peters ( Michigan , 9th District )
Chellie Pingree ( Maine , 1st District )
Mark Schauer ( Michigan , 7th District )
Kurt Schrader ( Oregon , 5th District )
Harry Teague ( New Mexico , 2nd District )
All About U.S. House of Representatives
2008-09-14
Posted September 14 , 2008 at 12:00 am
Today 's webcomics homey : Chris Crosby Chris is maybe the nicest guy in webcomics .
His company , Keenspot , has been around since webcomics prehistory .
He works harder than anybody to help make sure webcartoonists ( even those outside his banner ) are better equipped to make a living in this " business .
"
A reader expressed concern yesterday that the names I was putting here were sort of webcomics old guard types - people everyone was already familiar with .
This may be so , but I 'm not really trying necessarily to introduce new comics here .
What I 'm doing is thanking everyone who 's helped grow webcartooning into a real ( if pre-adolescent ) industry .
I 've got a big honkin ' list of people to go through .
Hopefully a few will be new to you .
ALSO , for the literate here , some books I 've finished recently , with extremely brief reviews : Moby Dick - better in retrospectWhat Happened - first political book I 've ever read .
An interesting look , but dismally low on facts and high on banal bullshit .
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - funThe Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes - more funThe Hound of the Baskervilles - fantasticThe Road to Perdition - characters were clumsy / pulpy , but I enjoyed itI 'm almost done with " The Pirate Hunter , " after which I 'm moving onto The Worldly Philosophers and The Revolution .
Notice how the latter two are by , respectively , a socialist and an extreme libertarian , thereby keeping my political views pleasantly obscured .
Suckers !
After that , I think I 'll finish off the Sherlock Holmes .
It 's top notch stuff .
PS : Do n't worry , I have n't given up on science books .
I 'm still a full - time physics student , and the book I read en route to class is on genetics .
I 'd be reading physics , but I have a no - math - while - walking rule .
It 's dangerous .
Believe me .
Berlin's Vagabond Chic ' Most Beautiful Homeless Shelter in the World '
With chandeliers instead of neon lighting and designer furnishings instead of springless sofas , a newly revamped homeless hostel in south Berlin looks more like a hip hotel -- and aims to give some dignity to those worn out by life on the streets .
The middle name
" On Nov. 4 , let 's leave Barack Hussein Obama wondering what happend , " a Florida official says , warming up the crowd for Palin , who was n't yet there .
It is his middle name .
It 's also a place the McCain campaign has n't wanted to go , and if they wanted to go there , this probably was n't the way to do it .
Indeed , Palin 's rollout of all the harshest attacks seems to be getting McCain 's campaign the downside of the attacks -- the backlash , the sense that he 's playing dirty -- without actually communicating them in a particularly effective way .
Today we have coverage of Palin talking about Wright , for instance , not of Obama and Wright .
UPDATE : Palin spokesman Tracey Schmitt : “ We do not condone this inappropriate rhetoric which distracts from the real questions of judgment , character , and experience that voters will base their decisions on this November . ”
" Joe the plumber " eventually decided to back Mr McCain
The man who shot to fame in the recent US presidential election as " Joe the Plumber " is set to become " Joe the Published " after signing a book deal .
Samuel Wurzelbacher 's book , Joe the Plumber : Fighting for the American Dream , will address his ideas about American values , his publisher says .
Mr Wurzelbacher sprang to fame when he challenged President - elect Barack Obama about his tax proposals in October .
He said he had chosen a small publisher in order to help " spread the wealth " .
The term is a reference to the phrase used by Mr Obama when responding to a question from Mr Wurzelbacher about raising taxes for people who earn more than $ 250,000 ( £ 166,000 ) a year .
The Republican candidate , Senator John McCain , later used the term in an effort to discredit Mr Obama 's tax policies , and gave Mr Wurzelbacher a starring role in his campaign rallies and debates .
' Not cashing in '
Just days before the election , Mr Wurzelbacher insisted he would not seek to " cash in " on his fame with a lucrative book deal from a major publisher .
Everyone came at me to write a book - they had dollar signs in their eyes
Samuel Wurzelbacher
Profile : Joe Wurzelbacher
" Everyone came at me to write a book .
They had dollar signs in their eyes , " he told Fox News .
" You know I will get behind something solid , but I wo n't get behind fluff .
I wo n't cash in , and when people do read the book they will figure out that I did n't cash in .
At least I hope they figure that out . "
The plumber - turned - election - fixture also told Fox that he was short on cash and unemployed .
" I got no financial offers .
I am broke , " he added .
The terms of the book deal with Texas - based PearlGate Publishing have not been revealed , but the publisher said paperback copies would go on sale at $ 14.95 ( £ 10 ) in the US on 1 December .
The deal is not likely to come close to the $ 7 m ( £ 4.65 m ) figure rumoured to be on offer for a book by the former Republican vice - presidential hopeful , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .
Mr Wurzelbacher 's book is being co-written by Thomas Tabback , the author of the only other book so far published by PearlGate .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Prospects were starting to look pretty grim for the venerable Hubble telescope .
Following a communications breakdown , the Hubble team postponed their scheduled repair mission from October 14th until this coming February , at the earliest .
Until then , the Hubble 's usable data transmission abilities were dependent on one thing : the successfully booting of a 486 backup system , last powered on before the Hubble Launch over 18 years ago .
Well , the Hubble team has now reported that the dusty old computer seems like it 's working just fine .
NASA scientists wo n't be sure of their success until the computer proves capable of executing mission - critical commands and / or playing through the entirety of Escape From Monkey Island , but their hopes are high for both possibilities .
[ NASA via The Register ]
Advertisement
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) --
On a Sunday morning just weeks before the presidential election , Priscilla Linsley opened her local Denver newspaper and discovered a DVD inside .
" I was shocked at the content and horrified that this had been in my Sunday paper , " said Linsley , a 74 - year - old Democrat , who watched about half of the video before throwing it in the trash .
" I have Muslim friends and respect Islam as a religion and felt that this was really hateful , " said Linsley .
The hourlong film on DVD , " Obsession : Radical Islam 's War Against the West , " was made by Israeli filmmaker Raphael Shore and shows disturbing , sometimes violent images .
Rima Barakat Sinclair , who is Muslim and a Republican , was so angry she called her local lawmakers in Denver .
Watch voters reaction to the DVD »
" It is riddled not only with misleading facts but outright fabrication , " said Barakat Sinclair .
In September , some 28 million of the " Obsession " DVD's were distributed as advertising inserts in 70 newspapers , primarily in critical swing states such as Colorado , Florida and Ohio .
It was paid for by the Clarion Fund , a nonprofit group established by the film 's Israeli producer with the goal of exposing what it calls the threat of radical Islam .
The Clarion Fund was created in 2006 , the same year " Obsession " was released .
" Our focus is to educate with our movies and raise awareness , not influence elections , " said Gregory Ross , a Clarion spokesman .
But Larry Sabato , a political observer and director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia , said it 's naïve to think such a video wo n't influence undecided voters .
" It 's pretty obvious that the group sponsoring it wants people to think more about terrorism , about national security , about Middle East politics and maybe less about the economy , " said Sabato .
" Well , that obviously favors one side -- the Republicans . "
Because a number of Americans still believe , incorrectly , that Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama is a Muslim , political observers said they believe the DVD plays directly into that misperception .
Clarion said neither the campaign of GOP candidate Sen. John McCain or of Obama had anything to do with the DVD that has outraged some Muslim groups .
Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American Islamic Relations , called the film anti-Muslim and politically motivated .
Holding up promotional material that came with the video , Awad pointed out , " It says clearly that , ' It 's our responsibility to ensure that we can all make an informed vote in November . ' "
The Council on American - Islamic Relations , or CAIR , a group that includes some Democratic donors , has filed complaints with the Internal Revenue Service and Federal Elections Commission , saying Clarion has violated its tax - exempt status .
" A nonprofit organization getting involved in political campaigning , promoting candidates and scaring people and influencing voters for the election in November is something that needs to be looked into seriously , " said Awad .
The Clarion Fund would not say who its donors are or how much they are giving .
A records search comes up empty .
Muslim advocates from the Islamic relations council said the money is coming from the prominent Jewish educational group Aish Hatorah , which has headquarters in Israel .
" It seems that this campaign is well funded and directed by a foreign entity to influence the U.S. presidential elections , " Awad said .
Clarion 's spokesman called it " totally ludicrous . "
" We do not accept donations from foreign entities .
The accusations by CAIR are totally unfounded , " said Ross .
" We are responding to the FEC complaint .
However , there is no substance to that whatsoever . "
Aish Hatorah denied donating money to Clarion for its DVD campaign , though a spokesman said the filmmaker and other Clarion staffers worked for Aish Hatorah .
The filmmaker , Raphael Shore , is employed by Aish Hatorah .
His brother , Rabbi Ephraim Shore , is listed as an executive with the organization .
Clarion will soon release its latest film , " The Third Jihad , " narrated by M. Zuhdi Jasser , who is president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy .
He describes himself as a devoted , peace - loving Muslim .
" It 's always interesting how the Islamist organizations that have a certain political agenda claim ' victim ' and yet they always want to attack the messenger , rather than dealing with the message , " said Jasser .
He said groups such as the Islamic council should " condemn not only terrorism as an action , but the goals of the Islamic state and what Islamists would do if they were a majority and name Hezbollah , Hamas , and other terrorist organizations by name . "
As for people like Barakat Sinclair who received the DVD , she said newspapers should have known better .
" If this DVD was produced and mass distributed by the KKK or an anti-Semitic organization , would it be included ?
Or rejected , rightfully so ? " she said .
Linsley agreed and said newspapers should have made it clear the DVD was part of an ad campaign and not an editorial decision .
The FEC and IRS would not comment on the specifics of the case , but said they investigate all complaints .
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Barack Obama • John McCain • Islam
Nov. 4 , 2008 -- Scientists hunting for a fat - burning drug have a new candidate that may help keep extra weight off , even on a high - fat diet .
But do n't plan on celebrating with fettuccine Alfredo and cheesecake just yet .
So far , the experimental drug has only been tested in mice .
But when those mice got a high daily dose of the drug for three months , they did n't gain weight on a high - fat diet .
A lower dose of the drug was n't as effective .
The experimental drug does n't have a brand name yet .
For now , it 's called SRT1720 .
It targets the SIRT1 gene , boosting the mice 's fat metabolism as if calories were scarce , not abundant .
Mice also gained endurance and strength while on the high dose of the drug , and they did n't develop insulin resistance , a condition that precedes type 2 diabetes .
The mice did n't show any weird behavior -- such as picky eating , excessive activity , or gut problems -- while taking the drug , the study shows .
The drug is a " prime candidate " for research on SIRT1 treatment for metabolic disorders , write the scientists , who included Jerome Feige of France 's Institut de Genetique et de Biologie Moleculaire et Cellulaire .
Several employees of Sirtris Pharmaceuticals , a GlaxoSmithKline company that is developing SRT1720 , also worked on the study , which appears in Cell Metabolism .
SRT1720 is a long way from being ready for use in people .
But there 's already a low - tech way to prevent weight gain and also benefit the heart , brain , bones , and the rest of the body .
That 's the timeless combination of a healthy diet and an active lifestyle .
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Dev-Friendly Web Caching
Ryan Tomayko announces Rack :: Cache , a HTTP cache for Ruby ’s generic Web API ;
The basic goal is standards - based HTTP caching that scales down to the early stages of a project , development environments , light to medium trafficked sites , stuff like that .
HTTP ’s caching model is wildly under - appreciated in the Ruby web app community and my hope is that making its benefits more accessible will lead to wider understanding and acceptance .
I commented and , of course , focused solely on one aspect of his announcement ( performance ) while missing the big picture — getting real HTTP caching into developers ’ hands in as easy a fashion as possible .
As Ryan points out , this is absolutely crucial , because if they do n’t consider it from the start , it can be really hard to tack caching on later ( after the resources and their representations and identifiers have been baked ) .
At Yahoo ! , I ’ve spent a lot of time working on this problem from the other end ; Squid .
Even its most fervent admirers ( yes , there are a few ) will admit that Squid is n’t exactly developer - friendly ; it ’s aimed more at the sysadmin / network geek crowd .
And while the best Web folks have a good understanding of that world ( if they do n’t come from it ) , this still leaves out the bulk of people who can benefit from HTTP caching .
Fixing this means packaging up , tweaking and documenting the hell out of Squid so that it ’s easy for Yahoos to install and use ( and some more of this may see the light of day eventually ; after all , I hear that we ’re becoming open ) .
However , the Y ! use case is not typical , as Mark occasionally reminds me ; most developers do n’t need the massive scalability of the Web just yet , they ’re more interested in getting past the first few milestones with very little time or money available .
Ryan ’s approach is a great way to offer them low - hanging scalability fruit , gently pushing them in the right direction , while giving them a nice migration path if more is needed .
Really great stuff — kudos again , Ryan !
Now , if only it were in Python …
It 's only three electoral votes , but new state polls in once reliably Republican North Dakota have shifted the state from the column of Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin .
And new state poll research provided to The Ticket by Karl Rove & Co. now puts that state in the tossup column .
Not a good sign for the GOP this close to Nov. 4 .
The hypothetical electoral vote count by Rove now gives Barack Obama 313 , 43 more than necessary for victory , while McCain has 171 and 54 electoral votes remain in the tossup category .
" McCain , " Rove notes , " needs to begin moving states out of Obama 's column to remain competitive . "
Click on the Read more line below to view a weekly chart of the electoral vote movements since July 1 and for an explanation of the research 's methodology .
— Andrew Malcolm
For automatic alerts of every new Ticket item flashed straight to your cell , go here and register .
Functional C# - Implementing Async Computations in C# Wednesday , October 15 , 2008
Update : Removed Internal Constructor constraint on AsyncBuilder .
As I covered earlier in my post Functional .NET - LINQ or Language Integrated Monads , I talked about using asynchronous computation expressions ( monads ) from C# 3.0 .
Brian McNamara , of the F# team , posted back in May about using them from C# .
But since then , things have changed slightly .
Before , I showed a basic example of how to utilize the F# libraries from C# , but let 's go deep under the covers to see how this actually works .
Getting Started
In order to make use of the F# libraries in our C# library , we need to add references to them .
We need the following items :
FSharp.Core.dll
FSharp.PowerPack.dll
FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.dll
And then I need to open the namespaces in order to take advantage of F# :
using Microsoft .
FSharp ;
using Microsoft .
FSharp .
Control ;
using Microsoft .
FSharp .
Core ;
Referencing F# Classes
As part of process of creating the asynchronous monad builders in C# , we need to create an instance of the F# class AsyncBuilder in the Microsoft .
FSharp .
Control namespace .
We can get a reference to this from the Pervasives class , through the async property .
This is a static reference which is available to all .
static class AsyncExtensions
{
public static AsyncBuilder async = Pervasives.async ;
...
Now that we have this , we have to realize that F# does n't use the standard .NET delegates for functions .
Let 's walk through some ways of converting back and forth .
Converting Functions
As we 've noted before , F# does not use the standard Func and Action delegates that are commonly used in C# and VB .
NET .
Instead , the functions in F# use the FastFunc class .
This allows for the F# compiler to better optimize the closures , especially due to the fact that these closures are quite commonly used .
Another point of difference is that there is no distinction between Func and Action delegates , and instead , for functions that return no value have the return type of Unit .
This is the optimal way of handling this , due to the fact that Void is not treated as a real type , which you 've heard me complain about in the past .
In order to convert from the Func delegate to the FastFunc , we use the FuncConvertExtensions class in the FSharp .
PowerPack .Linq.dll assembly .
Then we can create extension methods on our Func delegates to expose the conversion methods .
The conversion methods should look like this .
static class AsyncExtensions
{
public static FastFunc < Tuple<A , B > , C> ToTupledFastFunc<A , B , C >
( this Func< A , B , C > f )
{
return FuncConvertExtensions.ToTupledFastFunc(f ) ;
}
public static FastFunc < Tuple <A , B , C > , D> ToTupledFastFunc<A , B , C , D >
( this Func< A , B , C , D> f )
{
return FuncConvertExtensions.ToTupledFastFunc(f ) ;
}
public static FastFunc<A , B> ToFastFunc<A , B >
( this Func< A , B > f )
{
return FuncConvertExtensions.ToFastFunc(f ) ;
}
...
Now that the conversions have been put in place , we can turn our attention to creating the extension methods required for LINQ expressions .
Adding LINQ Extension Methods
In order for LINQ to bind and return data , the SelectMany and Select methods must be implemented .
We need to implement these methods to return an Async < T > class for binding and returning purposes .
As part of the implementation , we need to ensure our Func delegates are converted to the proper FastFunc types .
static class AsyncExtensions
{
public static Async< B> Select <A , B > (
this Async< A> x , Func< A , B> selector )
{
return async.
Bind(x ,
ToFastFunc<A , Async< B >>( ( r ) => async.Return(selector( r ) ) ) ) ;
}
public static Async<V> SelectMany<T , U , V >(
this Async< T> p , Func<T , Async<U >> selector , Func< T , U , V > projector )
{
return async.
Bind(p , ToFastFunc<T , Async<V >>( r1 =>
async.Bind( selector ( r1 ) , ToFastFunc<U , Async<V >>( r2 =>
async.Return(projector(r1 , r2 ) ) ) ) ) ) ;
}
...
Once the LINQ methods are added , we can turn our attention on how we might actually implement the asynchronous behavior with our given classes .
Adding Extensions Building Primitives
In order for your classes to use the asynchronous behavior , we need to expose ways of building primitives so that we can enlist those methods that expose the Beginxxx and Endxxx signature which includes the IAsyncResult .
Also , in order to support method calls that do not , we have the ability within the asynchronous computation expressions to unblock via a new thread .
First , we need to define the method which allows us to do non-blocking calls on methods that do not support the Begin / End pattern .
In order for this to happen , we need to call an internal method to the FileExtensions class in the FSharp .
PowerPack.dll assembly called UnblockViaNewThread .
Due to the fact that it is a generic method , we have to do special binding using reflection .
Once this has been created , we can now enlist functions that follow the Func < Res > signature .
Second , we need to define methods to build primitives to allow for methods that follow the Begin / End pattern using the IAsyncResult and AsyncCallback delegate .
Overloads are necessary due to the fact that methods may have return types or not .
Examples of this pattern are Stream .
BeginRead , Stream .
BeginWrite and so on .
Lastly , we need the ability to start the asynchronous computation expression .
This must be the first statement in any asynchronous computation expression that we write .
Let 's look at how the code is implemented .
static class AsyncExtensions
{
public static Async<T> UnblockViaNewThread<T>( FastFunc< Unit , T > f )
{
var type = typeof ( FileExtensions ) ;
var methodInfo = type .
GetMethod (
" UnblockViaNewThread " , BindingFlags .NonPublic | BindingFlags . Static ) ;
var genericArguments = new [ ] { typeof ( T ) } ;
var genericMethodInfo = methodInfo.MakeGenericMethod( genericArguments ) ;
return genericMethodInfo .
Invoke ( null , new [ ] { f } ) as Async<T > ;
}
public static Async< Unit > BuildVoidPrimitive (
Func< AsyncCallback , object , IAsyncResult > begin ,
Action < IAsyncResult > end )
{
return Async.BuildPrimitive (
begin.ToTupledFastFunc( ) , FuncConvert.ToFastFunc(end ) ) ;
}
public static Async< R> BuildPrimitive <R >(
Func< AsyncCallback , object , IAsyncResult > begin ,
Func< IAsyncResult , R > end )
{
return Async.BuildPrimitive (
begin.ToTupledFastFunc( ) , end. ToFastFunc ( ) ) ;
}
public static Async< R> BuildPrimitive < Arg , R > (
Arg a ,
Func < Arg , AsyncCallback , object , IAsyncResult > begin ,
Func< IAsyncResult , R > end )
{
return Async.BuildPrimitive (
a , begin.ToTupledFastFunc( ) , end. ToFastFunc ( ) ) ;
}
public static Async< int > StartWorkflow = async.Return( 0 ) ;
...
Now that we have the ability to add asynchronous behavior to our classes , let 's implement some extension methods that encompass the behavior .
Extending Types With The Begin / End Pattern
For methods that have the standard Begin / End methods can use the BuildPrimitive methods that we defined above .
As our first example , let 's implement an asynchronous WebRequest .
GetResponse .
Normally in our .NET code , we have to implement the Begin / End ourselves .
Instead , we pass the methods to the BuildPrimitive method to bind .
public static class WebExtensions
{
public static Async< WebResponse > AsyncGetResponse
( this WebRequest request )
{
return AsyncExtensions.BuildPrimitive < WebResponse >(
request.BeginGetResponse , request .
EndGetResponse ) ;
}
}
Any method signature that follows this pattern should be able to partake .
Now what about those methods that do not follow the Begin / End pattern .
What can we do about those ?
Extending Types with Non-Blocking Threads
As I mentioned previously , I want the ability to perform asynchronous operations on those methods that do not follow the Begin / End pattern .
In order to do that , I must use the UnblockViaNewThread method that was defined above .
For example , we could expose the ability to open files asynchronously as either readers or streams .
Let 's define some methods to open files asynchronously .
public static class FileSystem
{
public static Async< FileStream > AsyncOpen (
string path , FileMode mode , FileAccess access , FileShare share )
{
Func<FileStream > f = ( ) =>
File .
Open( path , mode , access , share ) ;
return AsyncExtensions.UnblockViaNewThread(FuncConvertExtensions.ToFastFunc(f ) ) ;
}
public static Async< FileStream > AsyncOpenRead ( string path )
{
Func<FileStream > f = ( ) => File.OpenRead ( path ) ;
return AsyncExtensions.UnblockViaNewThread(FuncConvertExtensions.ToFastFunc(f ) ) ;
}
public static Async< StreamReader > AsyncOpenText ( string path )
{
Func< StreamReader > f = ( ) => File.OpenText ( path ) ;
return AsyncExtensions.UnblockViaNewThread(FuncConvertExtensions.ToFastFunc(f ) ) ;
}
}
...
This pattern would also apply to such things as WebRequest .
Create and so on .
Now , let 's bring it all together .
Bringing It All Together
# light
open System .
IO
open System .
Net
open System .
Text .
RegularExpressions
let get_links html =
let linkRegex = new Regex (
@ " < a\s {1}href=\ " " ( ?< url >.*? ) \ " " ( \s?target=\ " " " +
@ " (?< target > _( blank|new|parent|self|top ) ) \ " " ) ? " +
@ " ( \s? class=\ " " ( ?< class >.*? ) \ " " ) ? ( \s? style=\ " " " +
@ " (?< style > .*? ) \ " " ) ?>(?< title >.*? ) </a > " ) ;
linkRegex .
Matches ( html ) | > Seq .
cast < Match >
let links_async ( requestUriString : string ) =
async {
let request = WebRequest .
Create ( requestUriString )
let !
response = request .
AsyncGetResponse ( )
let reader = new StreamReader ( response .
GetResponseStream ( ) )
let !
html = reader .
AsyncReadToEnd ( )
let links = get_links html
return requestUriString , links | > Seq .
length
}
let sites = [ " http://live.com/ " ;
" http://www.google.com/ " ;
" http://codebetter.com/ " ]
let results = Async .
Run (
Async .
Parallel [ for site in sites -> links_async site ] )
results | > Seq .
iter (
fun result -> printfn " Site %s has %d links " ( fst result ) ( snd result ) )
What the above code does for me is allows me to count the number of hyperlinks , given a URL , in parallel .
This is a pretty simplistic example , yet works quite well for this demonstration .
Now , using our C# implementation , let 's take the above code and get it to work in C# .
Func < string , IEnumerable < Match >> get_links = html =>
{
var linkRegex = new Regex (
@ " < a\s {1}href=\ " " ( ?< url >.*? ) \ " " ( \s?target=\ " " " +
@ " (?< target > _( blank|new|parent|self|top ) ) \ " " ) ? " +
@ " ( \s? class=\ " " ( ?< class >.*? ) \ " " ) ? ( \s? style=\ " " " +
@ " (?< style > .*? ) \ " " ) ?>(?< title >.*? ) </a > " ) ;
return linkRegex .
Matches ( html ) .
Cast < Match >( ) ;
} ;
Func < string , Async < Tuple < string , int >>> links_async = requestUriString =>
from _ in AsyncExtensions .StartWorkflow
let request = WebRequest.Create( requestUriString )
from response in request .
AsyncGetResponse ()
let reader = new StreamReader ( response.GetResponseStream ( ) )
from html in reader .
AsyncReadToEnd ( )
let links = get_links ( html )
select new Tuple < string , int >( requestUriString , links .
Count ( ) ) ;
var sites = new [ ]
{
" http://live.com/ " ,
" http://www.google.com/ " ,
" http://codebetter.com/ "
} ;
var results = Async.Run (
Async.Parallel ( from site in sites select links_async ( site ) ) ,
Option < int >.
None ,
Option < bool >. None ) ;
foreach ( var result in results )
Console .
WriteLine (
" Site {0} has { 1} links " , result .
Item1 , result .
Item2 ) ;
For each of the above , we get the following result :
Well , that works exactly according to plan .
But , using this technique , are there any downsides ?
Downsides ?
The asynchronous code I wrote above is pretty simple and naive .
Counting links in an HTML page is a pretty simple example with some asynchronous calls .
But , this breaks down easily if it gets more complex than this .
There are constructs that can be done in the asynchronous computation expressions in F# that cannot be done through LINQ .
For example , there are several things that cannot be done through LINQ expressions such as the following :
if / then/else
while loops
try / catch / finally
methods that return void
These above constructs do n't have a 1 to 1 mapping with LINQ .
As a result , our code may have to look significantly different than the F# code that we 'd write .
That of course eliminates some of the savings we may have had with our LINQ implementation .
# light
open Microsoft .
FSharp .
Control
let agent = MailboxProcessor .
Start ( fun inbox ->
let rec loop n =
async {
do printfn " n = %d " n
let !
message = inbox .
Receive ( )
if n % 2 = 0 then
do printfn " message %d is an even number " message
else
do printfn " message %d is an odd number " message
return !
loop ( n + message )
}
loop 0 )
As you see , when combined with such things as the MailboxProcessor , the asynchronous computation expressions become a bit more powerful .
Unfortunately , LINQ does n't support these features of conditionals , using statements and so on .
The alternative being , using the awkward syntax with converting between FastFunc and Func delegates , which negates any savings we may have had .
Wrapping It Up
As I 've shown in the past posts , LINQ expressions could be used to your advantage to do more than just standard query operations .
Instead , if we start to think of them as very powerful monadic constructs , we can then think of better uses for them .
Although the LINQ expressions are limited in what they can achieve through the asynchronous computation expressions , it still gets you quite far .
I hope this exploration gets you to understand languages such as Haskell and how monads are useful .
For further information , you should check out " What is a monad , why should I use it and when it is appropriate " on Lambda the Ultimate .
The code from this post is available , as always from the Functional C# Library on MSDN Code Gallery .
Solar power is great for converting light energy into electricity .
But what about harnessing light energy directly ?
After all , photons — discrete packets of light energy — exert force themselves , albeit on a pretty small scale .
In a new study , a team of researchers from Yale University and the University of Washington reports doing just that , also on a pretty small scale — vibrating a tiny mechanical object physically by shining light through it .
Light - powered mechanics could form the basis for nanoscale components such as switches and routers , all operating off the grid , so to speak .
" We can use light force to replace electrostatic force , " says Hong Tang , an assistant professor at Yale 's School of Engineering & Applied Science and co-author of the study published today in Nature .
" You do n't need to apply voltage , you just need to pass light through it . "
The group 's experimental setup confines laser light in an on -chip silicon waveguide .
The waveguide routes the light through a narrow section , 10 microns in length and just 110 nanometers thick , that resonates ever so slightly as the light passes through .
( A micron is a millionth of a meter ; a nanometer is a billionth of a meter . )
" It 's a little bridge , a nanomechanical resonator , " Tang says .
" It 's the simplest resonator you can find . "
Other approaches that have harnessed the force of light have primarily exploited the so - called radiation pressure force , a sort of direct hit that occurs when photons strike an object .
But Tang 's team was able to move its resonator in a direction transverse , or crosswise , to the light 's path , using an effect called optical gradient forces .
In other words , the horizontal flow of light through the resonator induces it to vibrate up and down .
Those vibrations are so tiny that Tang and his colleagues used a second laser to detect the motion .
" When we talk about nanomachines , we cannot think of this nanomachine like it's your hand moving around or some tools moving around — that 's the wrong picture , " Tang says .
" Because they are small , the motion has to be small , too . "
Tang calls this demonstration a proof of principle , adding that his group will seek to increase the frequency of the vibrations by more than 100 times .
In this study , the bridge 's resonant frequency was in the neighborhood of 10 megahertz , or millions of cycles per second .
Tang would like to be able to get a similar device vibrating at much higher speeds , above the gigahertz range — in the billions of cycles per second .
Some observers see a bright future for such light - induced motion .
" With this work , optical trapping ' grows up , ' " says Naomi Halas , a professor of electrical and computer engineering and of chemistry at Rice University .
" Optical trapping has been so important in enabling new research approaches in atomic physics and biophysics , but with this work it gets implemented on a silicon chip , where it is clear ... that it will prove to be a valuable approach in many technological applications . "
On Tuesday , dodging the hubbub of election parties , I watched the results come in with two close friends and my teenage daughter .
We might have been patients showing up at a hospital for a surgical procedure , nervously joking over the early returns from Vermont ( predictably , Barack Obama ) and Kentucky ( predictably , John McCain ) .
When , at 8:01 pm , Pacific time , CNN called the race for Obama , we collapsed in one another 's arms .
Even my dry tear ducts did their job , and , for a few moments , the room swam out of focus .
The champagne , whose presence in the fridge I had thought to be ominously bad karma , was opened .
No toast .
Just " Thank God , thank God , thank God " , spoken by four devout atheists .
There was little triumph in our emotion , only an overpowering wave of relief that , after eight years of manic derangement , America had at last come to its senses .
Inevitably , Wednesday 's headlines were all about Obama 's skin colour and the historic milestone of the first black presidency .
For the United States and the rest of the world , that is a fact of huge symbolic importance , but it is the least of Obama 's true credentials .
What America has succeeded in doing , against all the odds , and why we cried when it happened , is to elect the most intelligent , canny and imaginative candidate to the presidential office in modern times - someone who'll bring to the White House an extraordinary clarity of thought and temperate judgment .
Every White House has had its intellectuals , but very few presidents have been intellectuals themselves - Thomas Jefferson , John Adams , Woodrow Wilson , the list more or less stops there .
Much of the nightmare of the last eight years has arisen from the fact that one of the least intellectually curious or gifted presidents in history was in thrall to a group of passionate , but second - rate , neoconservative intellectuals , all associated with the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) , whose imperial agenda for the US was lost on the man they guided and advised .
Richard Perle , Paul Wolfowitz , Douglas Feith , the architects of the war on Iraq and the " war on terror " , were treated by George Bush as experts on parts of the world of which he was ignorant .
" Wolfie " knew all about the Middle East ; that this knowledge proceeded from a hardline political philosophy instilled in him by Richard Pipes of Harvard and Albert Wohlstetter of the University of Chicago , both avid cold warriors and proponents of US military , political and cultural domination of the globe , was grasped , if at all , only very dimly by the 43rd president , who prided himself in reading no newspapers and being in bed by nine .
While Bush was bicycling and cutting brush at his Crawford ranch in Texas , the intellectuals in his administration were staying up late in DC , busy about the task of reshaping the United States into the Roman Empire of the 21st century .
Since September 11 2001 , the damage inflicted by intellectuals on America and its constitution and justice system , as well as on the outside world , has been so great that we ought to be wary of the election of an intellectual to the presidency , and , though he tried his best to veil his proclivities while on the stump , Obama is an intellectual .
At the University of Chicago , he taught constitutional law , the most demanding and far - reaching area of study in US law schools .
He names Philip Roth and EL Doctorow among his favourite living writers .
In his memoir Dreams From My Father , the late - night life he describes himself as leading inside his own skull is every bit as real and vivid as the exterior life he records on the streets and in the homes of Honolulu , Jakarta , New York , Chicago and Kenya .
Again and again in that book , one finds Obama in the small hours , reconstructing in his mind recent events , searching for patterns , making connections , a novelist teasing meaning and significance from the chaotic stream of daily contingencies .
Dreams From My
Father reveals more about Obama than is usually known about political leaders until after they 're dead .
Perhaps more than it intends , it shows his mind working , in real time , sentence by sentence , in what feels like a private audience with the reader .
The self at the centre of the book is , above all , an intent watcher and listener - one of those on whom , as Henry James said of the ideal writer , nothing is lost - and there runs through the story an almost worshipful regard for what Obama calls " the messy , contradictory details of our experience " .
The unique contradictions and messinesses of his own childhood made him an empiricist by instinct , finding a path for himself by testing his footing each step of the way .
His education at Columbia and Harvard made him an empiricist by training .
As a law professor at Chicago , he pressed his students to adopt contrarian views while playing his own opinions close to his chest .
In July this year , the New York Times reported :
Obama liked to provoke .
He wanted his charges to try arguing that life was better under segregation , that black people were better athletes than white ones .
" I remember thinking , ' You 're offending my liberal instincts , " a former student remembered .
In the Illinois state senate as well as in the US Senate , this has been his habit as a legislator , to solicit counter - arguments against his own position , to deploy his unusual talent as a close and sympathetic listener , to probe , to doubt , to adapt , to change .
Such chameleonic powers are liabilities on the American campaign trail , where constant iteration of simple maxims ( " Drill , baby , drill ! " or " Read my lips : no new taxes " ) is required , and any variation of policy is derided as a " flip - flop " , but Obama the chameleon has conformed to the rules of this game , too .
It 's only now that we can expect to see the full extent of his natural flexibility of mind .
During the last two years he has been quietly surrounding himself with other intellectuals .
Two are law professors : Cass Sunstein of Chicago and Laurence Tribe of Harvard , who taught Obama there and called him " the most impressive student I 'd ever worked with " .
There 's Austan Goolsbee , Obama 's senior economic adviser , from the business school at Chicago , a highly eclectic behavioural economist , who writes about the dismal science with both impressive clarity and sceptical humour .
Funny economists are in lamentably short supply : Goolsbee has moonlighted as a stand - up comedian .
This growing coterie of wits and scholars looks a lot like the " brain trust " which Franklin Roosevelt assembled in 1932 to shape the New Deal .
Happy in the company of prominent intellectuals , and with a mind equal to theirs , Obama promises to spectacularly raise the IQ and the standard of debate inside the White House ( unlike John Kennedy , who liked intellectuals as ornaments of his administration , but never seriously engaged their talents ) .
Heaven knows , he will need all the intelligence and range of viewpoints he can muster to cope with the toxic legacy he inherits from the 43rd president : the mounting turmoil in Afghanistan , the dangerous , simmering cauldron in Iraq ; an America cordially loathed by at least half the world ; an impending global economic catastrophe , triggered by the lunatic improvidence of deregulated Wall Street .
Not since Lincoln and Roosevelt has an incoming president been landed with an America in such desperate need of rehabilitation and repair , and it was no surprise that , in his Chicago victory speech on Tuesday , Obama conjured the ghosts of those two presidents .
Early in the campaign , he was painted as an empty optimist - a description that could n't be more wrong .
For every rousing " Yes , we can ! " , there was the caveat of " It wo n't be easy " , and , uniquely among the raft of candidates in the primaries , Obama brought to the election a clear - sighted grasp of the tragic aspect of US history .
His most uplifting speeches were grounded in images of the shame of slavery , the national agony of the civil war and the intimate humiliations of poverty in America , and it was by reminding his audiences of the depths to which the country is prone to sink that he was able to summon them to hope .
On Tuesday , there was a strong echo of Roosevelt 's first inaugural speech when Obama said , " I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face .
I will listen to you , especially when we disagree . "
After eight years of an administration whose hallmarks have been secrecy , dishonesty , and a refusal to listen to any voice outside its own inner circle , this promise of candour and conversation was probably the most important policy statement that he could make as president - elect .
If there is one prediction that one can make with near - certainty , it is that , by January 20 2009 , inauguration day , things will be rather worse than they are now , at least in Afghanistan and on the economic front , on which ever more dismal results and forecasts continue to roll in .
Yet the worse the crisis , the more latitude it will allow the new administration in showing its intellectual mettle quickly and decisively , and it's to be assumed that , even now , Obama is talking with Goolsbee , Paul Volcker , Lawrence Summers , Jason Furman , Warren Buffett and his other on - tap economic advisers , in an extended seminar on the financial meltdown and its possible solutions .
The best thing about living in the United States since Tuesday has been the gilt - edged assurance that , somewhere out there , very smart people are thinking and talking in a serious conversation from which narrow ideologues have been rigorously excluded .
We 've elected as president someone who is empirical , cautious , conservative with a small " c " , yet unusually sure of his own judgment when he makes it , which is often slowly .
He 's sure to disappoint those of his supporters who believe he can raise the dead , turn water into wine , and walk on water .
But he has rescued the White House from the besotted rationalists of PNAC with their Platonist designs on the world , and restored it to the realm of common reason .
It 's a measure of the madness of the last eight years that , for this seemingly modest contribution to the nation 's welfare ( and not just this nation 's ) , grown men and women wept in gratitude on Tuesday night .
Politics
The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the 2020 presidential election ( all times local ) : 10:50 p.m. President Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden are painting a very different picture of the reliability of the upcoming election .
Biden urged voters to cast their ballots and not be intimidated by Trump ’s suggestions he might not accept a loss .
Trump has been groundlessly casting doubt on the reliability of mail ballots and elections in general .
“ Vote whatever way is the best way for you , ” Biden said .
“ Because he will not be able to stop you from determining the outcome of this election .
” Biden agreed not to declare victory before the ballots are counted and to accept voters ’ verdicts .
Trump continued to spread falsehoods about mail voting .
He said falsely that his campaign 's poll watchers were improperly turned away at a Philadelphia early voting site Tuesday -- the poll watchers had not yet been accredited to observe .
He suggested widespread Democratic fraud because a handful of ballots were improperly thrown in the trash last week -- but did n’t mention it occurred in a Republican - controlled elections office and was quickly reported to authorities .
Biden urged viewers not to worry about Trump ’s scare tactics .
“ I will accept it , and he will , too .
You know why ? ” Biden said .
“ Because once the winner is declared once all the ballots are counted , that ’ll be the end of it . "
___HERE’S WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT WHAT’S HAPPENING IN THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE :
The first presidential debate between President Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden begins at 9 p.m. Eastern time in Cleveland .
Read more :— 5 questions heading into Trump and Biden ’s first debate — Viewers ’ Guide : Trump , Biden meet in Ohio for 1st debate —
Trump , Biden prepare to debate at a time of mounting crises —
Analysis :
In debate , a last chance for Trump to define Biden___HERE ’S WHAT ELSE IS HAPPENING : 10:30 p.m.
Democrat Joe Biden has evoked his son Beau Biden to criticize President Donald Trump for reportedly calling members of the American military who lost their lives “ losers ” and “ suckers .
” Raising his voice at Tuesday night ’s debate , Biden described his son as a hero .
Beau Biden died of cancer in 2015 .
Trump responded by pivoting to a familiar attack , on Biden ’s other son , Hunter .
The president said , “ I do n’t know Beau .
I know Hunter , ” and accused Hunter Biden of having collected millions of dollars from oversees interests , including China , while working as a consultant during his father ’s tenure as vice - president .
It echoed attacks the president made earlier in the debate in Cleveland , but have little basis in fact .
Trump also opened a new line of attack when he said Hunter Biden was dishonourably discharged from the military for cocaine use .
Biden responded that his son was n’t dishonourably discharged .
He addressed viewers directly and said that , like a lot of Americans , Hunter had a drug problem but was “ working on it ” and had “ fixed it .
” Biden added , “ I ’m proud of my son . ” ___10:25 p.m.
President
Donald Trump says he does see human beings as contributing somewhat to climate change but does n’t support strict regulations in part because of negative ramifications for business .
When asked at Tuesday 's debate about humans being partially to blame for environmental deterioration , Trump said , “ to an extent , yes .
” But when asked why he took steps like withdrawing the U.S. from the landmark Paris climate pact , Trump reiterated his argument that such agreements were “ driving energy prices through the sky .
” Nearly 200 nations signed the climate deal in which each country provides its own goals to curb emissions of heat - trapping gases that lead to climate change .
Biden said he would champion job - creating programs that embrace green technologies and would rejoin the Paris accord , which is “ all falling apart ” without U.S. involvement .
___10:20 p.m.
President Donald Trump has sidestepped a question from moderator Chris Wallace about whether he was willing to condemn white supremacists and militia groups .
“ I would say almost everything I see is from the left wing , not the right wing , ” Trump responded .
“ I ’m willing to do anything .
I want to see peace .
” When pressed further , Trump said , “ What do you want to call them ?
Give me a name .
Give me a name ?
” Finally , he said , “ Proud Boys — Stand back , stand by , but I ’ll tell you what , somebody ’s got to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not right - wing problem .....
This is a left wing problem .
” Antifa followers have appeared at anti-racism protests , but there ’s been little evidence behind Republican claims that antifa members are to blame for the violence at such protests .
Trump infamously said there were good people “ on both sides ” after a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , that led to the death of a counterprotester .
___10:15 p.m. President Donald Trump and Vice - President Joe Biden are making their pitches to win over Black voters in the coming election , with Biden mockingly questioning : “ This man , this man is a saviour of African Americans ?
This man has done virtually nothing .
” Biden says that 1 in 1,000 African Americans has died because of the coronavirus , and if Trump does n’t do something quickly , it will be 1 in 500 .
Trump turned the discussion from COVID - 19 to a crime bill passed in 1994 that Biden helped write and get passed that , among other things , increased the penalties for certain drug offences .
Trump says “ I ’m letting people out of jail now , ” and asserted that Biden had treated the Black community “ about as bad as anybody in this country . ” ___10:10 p.m. President Donald Trump and Joe Biden are trading barbs about each other ’s relatives .
While Biden was making a point during the first presidential debate in Cleveland about the Trump administration ’s trade deals with China not having the desired effect , Trump jumped in .
He resurrected past claims about the former vice - president ’s son Hunter working overseas .
Trump said Hunter Biden reaped millions in ill - gotten profit from China and other overseas interests , accusations that have been repeatedly debunked .
Biden shot back , “ None of that is true . ”
He then added of Trump , “ His family , we could talk all night .
” Trump interrupted to respond that his children gave up lucrative jobs to join government and “ help people , ” which left moderator Chris Wallace pleading , “ Mr. President , please stop ” trying to restore order on the stage .
Biden then turned to the camera and addressed the audience directly , something he did frequently Tuesday night .
“ This is not about my family or his family , ” Biden said .
“ It ’s about your family . ” ___10:05 p.m. President Donald Trump wo n’t say when he will finally make his personal taxes public as he has long promised .
During the first presidential debate Tuesday , Trump was asked specifically about a report in The New York Times that revealed he paid only $ 750 in personal income taxes each of those years .
All presidents except Trump have publicly released their taxes since the presidency of Richard Nixon .
Trump has said since 2016 that he would eventually release them .
But when asked by moderator Chris Wallace when , he said only : “ You ’ll get to see it .
” Democratic nominee Joe Biden quickly used that as a point of attack , saying Trump “ does take advantage of the tax code ” and “ pays less tax than a schoolteacher .
” Trump shrugged off the attack , saying that all business leaders do the same “ unless they are stupid . ” ___10 p.m.
President Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden are showcasing vastly different approaches during their first presidential debate in Cleveland .
Trump is being aggressive toward Biden on Tuesday , interrupting the former vice - president and repeatedly being admonished by debate moderator Chris Wallace of Fox News to stick to the rules that both campaigns had agreed to .
Biden is taking a more personal approach .
At several times during the debate , Biden addressed his comments to “ you folks at home ” watching on television as he looked straight into the camera .
___9:50 p.m.
President Donald Trump says he ’s had “ no negative effect ” from massive campaign rallies with thousands of attendees not adhering to social distancing recommendations amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic .
Trump said during Tuesday night ’s debate against Democrat Joe Biden that he thought masks “ are OK , ” pulling one out from his pocket and saying , “ I wear masks when needed .
” But Trump also bragged that he ’s drawn “ 35 to 40,000 people ” at his campaign rallies , saying he brings such large crowds to outdoor events “ because people want to hear what I have to say . ”
Trump portrayed Biden ’s socially distanced events as insignificant affairs where the Democrat “ has three people some place .
” Former Republican presidential hopeful Herman Cain , who attended one of Trump ’s rallies in June without wearing a mask or social distancing , tested positive for the coronavirus nine days after the rally and died a month later .
Neither Trump nor Biden mentioned him .
Biden has held smaller campaign events , requiring attendees to spread out and at times sit in taped - off circles .
Calling Trump “ totally irresponsible ” on managing COVID - 19 , Biden said the president is “ a fool on this ” and said Trump only worried about masks in the interest of protecting his own health , not others .
___9:35 p.m.
The first presidential debate between President Donald Trump and Joe Biden has gotten off to an contentious start , breaking down after just a few moments with Trump interrupting Biden on several occasions and Biden calling the president a clown and a liar .
As the discussion about the Supreme Court quickly turned to COVID - 19 , Trump claimed without evidence that 2 million people would have died if Biden were president .
Moderator Chris Wallace pleaded with Trump , stating that COVID - 19 would be discussed later in the day .
He then asked Trump about whether he had a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act , and the president said , “ First of all , I guess I ’m debating you , not him , but that ’s OK .
I ’m not surprised .
” Biden laughed at Trump ’s jabs .
But he also appeared to get upset at times , too .
“ Here ’s the deal , the fact is that everything he ’s saying so far is simply a lie , ” Biden said .
“ I ’m not here to call out his lies .
Everybody knows he ’s a liar .
” Wallace asked Trump to let Biden finish .
“ Folks do you have any idea what this clown is doing ? ” Biden said .
___9:25 p.m.Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden says he is the leader of his party .
Biden made the comment during Tuesday night ’s debate after President Donald Trump accused him of supporting abolishing private insurance .
Biden noted that he won the Democratic nomination partly by arguing against single - payer health care that many of his rivals sought .
The former vice - president has instead proposed expanding the Affordable Care Act to provide a public option that people could buy into .
Trump responded that Democrats still want to abolish private health insurance and suggested the party would force Biden to do its bidding .
“ My party is me , ” Biden replied .
“ Right now , I ’m the Democratic Party . ” ___9:20 p.m.
The first face - off for President Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden is coming over a clash concerning a president ’s prerogative to put push through an election - year Supreme Court nominee .
Trump says during a debate Tuesday night in Cleveland that Republicans “ won the election and therefore we have the right to choose ” Amy Coney Barrett as a replacement for the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
Trump added that he felt Democrats “ would n’t even think about not doing it ” if given the chance to nominate a justice with just weeks until the election .
Biden and other Democrats have decried Trump ’s nomination of a new justice given Republicans ’ refusal to consider President Barack Obama ’s selection following the 2016 death of Antonin Scalia .
Biden did n’t mention that during the debate , however .
Biden says that Barrett seems like “ a very fine person ” but that her nomination after “ tens of thousands of people have already voted ” was troubling .
___9 p.m.
President Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden are face - to - face in their first presidential debate , the most pivotal moment so far in an election that turns on a historic pandemic , racial unrest and an economy in shambles .
The two are meeting Tuesday night in Cleveland .
It ’s a key opportunity for Trump to improve his standing in a race that polls show has remained stubbornly unchanged .
For Biden , the debate offers a chance to show the steadiness he says the nation needs in contrast to Trump ’s divisiveness .
Biden welcomed Trump to the stage , saying , “ How you doing , man ?
” The topics are the records of the candidates , the Supreme Court , the coronavirus pandemic , the economy , “ race and violence in our cities , ” and election integrity .
At issue is the coronavirus pandemic that has killed 205,000 Americans and cost the country millions of jobs .
Early voting is underway in many states , with the election 35 days away .
___5:50 p.m.Kamala
Harris says her running mate , Joe Biden , will share his vision for tackling the coronavirus and rebuilding the nation ’s economy during his presidential debate against President Donald Trump .
The Democratic California senator said Tuesday during a digital fundraiser with artists that “ Joe ’s goal in the debate is to communicate directly with the American people . ” Harris says the country is at a crossroads in more ways than one , from the pandemic and economic recession to a reckoning on racial injustice and climate change .
She ’s calling Republican efforts to fill a Supreme Court seat before the election a “ crisis . ” Harris says , “ And in the midst of all this , a president whose instinct is to always stoke chaos , division , and mistrust .
” Harris is set to debate Vice - President Mike Pence next week .
___2:15 p.m.Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden and his wife , Jill Biden , have released more of their personal tax returns ahead of the first presidential debate .
The Bidens ’ returns show the couple paid almost $ 300,000 in federal taxes in 2019 , including almost $ 288,000 in personal income tax .
The Bidens reported taxable income of $ 944,737 .
The release on Tuesday comes just days after The New York Times reported that Trump paid $ 750 in federal income taxes in 2016 , the year he was elected president , and again in 2017 , his first year in office .
The Times said Trump paid no federal income taxes for 10 of the 15 years before that .
Biden and Trump are set to meet Tuesday night in Cleveland for their first presidential debate , and Trump ’s taxes are sure to come up .
Trump has called the reports “ fake news ” yet still refuses to release his returns himself .
Biden already had released two decades ’ worth of his tax returns , in addition to the federal financial disclosures required of him when he was a senator and vice - president .
Biden ’s running mate , California Sen. Kamala Harris , and her husband , Doug Emhoff , also released their 2019 returns Tuesday .
Harris and Emhoff reported paying $ 1.05 million in personal income taxes and $ 1.19 million in total federal taxes on $ 3.02 million in taxable income .
___2:10 p.m.
President
Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump emerged from the White House to a crowd of more than 100 cheering supporters as they departed for the first presidential debate in Cleveland .
The crowd , which included staffers and interns , cheered as the Trumps left the White House .
Both the president and first lady paused to recognize the show of support with a few claps of their own and several first pumps from Trump .
Trump boarded Marine
One without comment .
At Joint Base Andrews , where Air Force
One was set to take off , Trump gave a wave and thumbs before boarding .
___12:30 p.m. President Donald Trump spent Tuesday morning in informal preparations for the first debate with Joe Biden .
A longer , more formal preparation session was set for the afternoon once he arrives in Cleveland .
Trump ’s prep team includes former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , former White House counsellor Kellyanne Conway , campaign communications strategist Jason Miller , White House chief of staff Mark Meadows , Jared Kushner , press secretary Kayleigh McEnany and communications director Alyssa Farah .
Some other advisers like Dan Scavino and Hope Hicks have also been involved .
While Trump is itching to go on the offence against Biden , some aides have encouraged him to adopt a more measured tone -- believing that in many ways the debates are more about Trump vs himself than Biden .
Trump , they argue , should focus more on selling his accomplishments than trying to viciously attack Biden .
Some involved with the preparations , though , have encouraged Trump ’s more aggressive ‘ counterpunching ’ side .
The Associated Press
Franken camp finds 6,400 uncounted absentee ballots
Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday November 25 , 2008
Print This Email This
( Update at bottom : Canvassing board rejects Franken camp request , but not on merits of case )
With the recount in the razor - thin Minnesota U.S. Senate race continuing into its second week , Democratic candidate Al Franken 's campaign says it has uncovered 6,400 rejected absentee ballots and will ask a state board to count at least some of those votes .
Campaign attorney Marc Elias said Tuesday that the campaign received the rejected ballots from 66 of the state 's 87 counties , according to the Associated Press .
In some instances , clerical errors or oversight caused the ballot to be improperly rejected .
Franken is running to unseat incumbent Republican Sen. Norm Coleman .
Elections officials have recounted nearly 80 percent of the more than 2 million ballots cast in the Senate race .
Coleman 's lead has shrunk since election day but still stands at 211 votes , according to figures compiled by the Minneapolis Star Tribune .
Franken 's campaign , meanwhile , estimates the lead is less than half that and says their candidate is just 84 votes behind .
Each campaign is challenging more than 1,500 votes each , not counting any of the just - discovered absentee ballots Franken plans to ask to have included .
Franken 's campaign also says several dozen ballots have gone missing .
The state canvassing board will convene next month to rule whether to count the disputed ballots .
Its verdicts on the 3,000 - plus ballots at issue likely will decide the election .
Canvassing board rejects Franken camp request , but not on merits of case
The AP reports , " In a blow to Democrat Al Franken , absentee ballots that were rejected by poll workers wo n't be included in Minnesota 's Senate recount . "
" A state elections board decided it does not have the authority to decide whether rejected absentee ballots in Minnesota 's U.S. Senate race should be counted , but the five - member board this morning agreed that any absentee votes that were not counted should be part of an on - going recount , " Don Davis reports for the Minn .
State Capitol Bureau .
Bob von Sternberg , who liveblogged the board meeting for the Star Tribune notes , " During the discussion , they stressed the fact that they werent rejecting the merits of the arguments made by Frankens attorneys .
They also made it clear they re fully expecting this issue to be litigated separately from the recount procedure . "
" We do not have the authority to review rejected absentee ballots , " Ramsey County Judge Kathleen Gearin said .
" That 's the bottom line . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Nov. 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
After an intense campaign that cost more than $ 75 million , California ’s voters have approved a constitutional ban on same - sex marriage , dealing a huge blow to the gay rights movement and setting the stage for another round of court battles over the volatile issue .
Opponents this morning refused to concede the outcome , saying there may be as many as four million uncounted ballots .
“ We are not in a position to call this .
Really this is just fundamental , ” said Kate Kendell , executive director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
“ We really need to wait until there is something authoritative issued by the Secretary of State ’s office .
Until that happens , we do not feel it is appropriate for us to make our own call , absent the counting of millions of ballots . ”
While the Yes on 8 campaign claimed victory just before midnight , the numbers continued to play out in their favor this morning .
Still , advocates of same - sex marriage had clung to hopes that a surge of support from uncounted votes could still overcome the ban .
But this morning , with 95 percent of precincts reporting , the measure passed with 52 percent in favor , and 47.9 percent opposed .
There are an untold number of absentee and provisional ballots left to be counted , according to the Associated Press , but it will be hard to overcome the 5 percent margin .
The San Francisco City Attorney ’s office says he plans to file the legal challenge in the California Supreme Court to challenge the validity of the measure .
Also , the first lesbian couple to be married in Los Angeles County after the Supreme Court threw out the gay marriage ban plans to announce a lawsuit arguing that the proposition is unconstitutional .
“ I think the story is that a strong majority of Californians support traditional marriage and they want to see it protected , ” said Frank Schubert , manager of the Yes on 8 campaign .
“ I think the story is we ran a far better campaign than the other side .
I think we had 100,000 people that gave of their resources and their time . ”
The measure trims the number of states in which gays and lesbians can legally marry from three to two .
But in striking the most populous and culturally influential state from that list , social conservatives and religious leaders have scored a much broader victory , likely limiting for years the hopes of gay rights leaders to allow same - sex couples to marry across the United States .
For same - sex marriage supporters , it was a bitter loss , after major polls had consistently shown the measure losing through the fall .
In San Jose , Ronni Pahl , a member of one of the first two same - sex couples married in Santa Clara County , watched the returns with her wife , Hannah , and son Isaiah with a potent mix of emotion .
“ It ’s bittersweet right now because we just watched the first African - American president elected .
We were watching it with our African - American son , there were tears coming out of our eyes , and we went to look at what ’s happening at 8 , ” Pahl said .
“ We ’re speechless right now . ”
In Santa Clara County , Proposition 8 was soundly defeated , losing by a 10 percent margin .
The measure also trailed in Alameda , San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties , as well as in San Francisco .
But as election evening wore on , that opposition was overwhelmed by more conservative areas of the state , particularly in the inland counties .
The same - sex marriage ban had attracted more than 60 percent of the vote in Riverside County , and two - thirds of the vote in San Joaquin County , with more than half of precincts reporting in those counties .
And despite the decisive win of Democratic nominee Barack Obama , in California and the rest of the country , polls were wrong in another way :
They had predicted that the tide of Obama voters would block Proposition 8 from passing .
But even in Santa Clara County , Obama captured a much higher share of the vote than the proportion who voted against Proposition 8 .
Schubert said the Yes on 8 campaign never trusted the polls .
“ We ’ve always felt that if we were tied going into Election Day , or a few points behind , we were going to win , ” he said .
The decision “ is something that I think will reverberate across the nation and around the world . ”
A constitutional bans on same - sex marriage was also approved in Florida — a state also won by Obama — and in Arizona .
But for the gay rights leaders , this loss in California was more painful , because it marked the first time that voters rejected same - sex marriage in a state where it was already legal .
While the new constitutional ban goes into effect immediately , it ’s less clear what the effect will be on same - sex couples who married from June 16 through Tuesday .
While Attorney General Jerry Brown has said he does not believe Proposition 8 is retroactive , that issue is likely to wind up back in the courts , as well as an anticipated challenge to whether it is constitutional for California to revive its ban on same - sex marriage .
The race began to tighten when the Yes on 8 campaign began running ads that suggested that churches could lose their tax - exempt status if clergy refused to do gay weddings and that second - graders would be taught about gay marriage .
The figurehead of those ads : San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom , proclaiming in a speech that gay marriage was now legal in California “ whether you like it or not . ”
Yes on 8 supporters were feeling confident Tuesday night , even as the polls began to close .
“ The momentum has really been with us , ” said Chip White , the press secretary for the Yes on 8 campaign .
“ The trend has been in our direction ever since we went with that Gavin Newsom ad on Sept. 29 . ”
David McCuan , a political - science professor at Sonoma State University , said the move to victory for the Yes on 8 campaign might have begun here , when a campaign pushing for passage of an initiative began to behave like a classic “ No ” campaign — by injecting doubt about the effect of a proposed “ change ” into the minds of voters .
Because gay marriage was so new in California , it allowed Yes on 8 campaign manager Frank Schubert to operate as if what was technically the status quo was actually a proposed change , and trying to inject doubt into the minds of voters about that “ change . ”
Schubert “ essentially ran a
No side campaign on the Yes side of this ballot measure and that has made it more sophisticated and less faith - based message , ” McCuan said .
Given Obama ’s victory , “ it ’s a stunning , stinging defeat , ” McCuan said .
“ This is a Democratic blue wave and standing out in one of the bluest of the blue states is this huge red result . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Contact Mike Swift at mswift@mercurynews.com or at ( 408 ) 271-3648 .
The Internal Revenue Service found that U.S. companies paid federal income taxes on their reported U.S. profits at far less than the 35 % statutory rate , offering a potential revenue source for an incoming presidential administration that faces a yawning budget deficit .
Newly released data from the IRS show companies paid federal and foreign income taxes on their U.S. book income -- the amount reported to shareholders -- at a rate of 25.3 % during 2005 , the most recent year for which data were made available by the IRS .
Effective ...
Recently , I spent several days talking to Wong and her colleagues at the so - called Googleplex , which has the feeling of a bucolic and extraordinarily well - financed theme camp .
As we sat around a conference table , they told me about their debates as they wrestled with hard cases like the dispute in Turkey , as well as the experiences that have informed their thinking about free speech .
Walker , the general counsel , wrote for The Harvard Crimson as an undergraduate and considered becoming a journalist before going into law ; McLaughlin , the head of global public policy , became a fellow at Harvard ’s Berkman Center for Internet and Society after working on the successful Supreme Court challenge to part of the federal Communications Decency Act .
And Wong , a soft - spoken and extremely well organized woman , has a joint degree in law and journalism from Berkeley and told me she aspired to be a journalist as a child because of her aunt , a reporter for The Los Angeles Times .
Image Thailand Credit ...
Siggi Eggertsson
I asked Wong what was the best analogy for her role at Google .
Was she acting like a judge ?
An editor ?
“ I do n’t think it ’s either of those , ” she said .
“ I definitely am not trying to pass judgment on anything .
I ’m taking my best guess at what will allow our products to move forward in a country , and that ’s not a judge role , more an enabling role . ”
She stressed the importance for Google of bringing its own open culture to foreign countries while still taking into account local laws , customs and attitudes .
“ What is the mandate ?
It ’s ‘ Be everywhere , get arrested nowhere and thrive in as many places as possible . ’ ” So far , no Google employees have been arrested on Wong ’s watch , though some have been detained .
When Google was founded , 10 years ago , it was n’t at all obvious whether the proprietors of search engines would obey the local laws of the countries in which they did business — and whether they would remove links from search results in response to requests from foreign governments .
This began to change in 2000 , when a French Jew surfed a Yahoo auction site to look for collections of Nazi memorabilia , which violated a French law banning the sale and display of anything that incites racism .
After a French judge determined that it was feasible for Yahoo to identify 90 percent of its French users by analyzing their I.P. addresses and to screen the material from the users , he ordered Yahoo to make reasonable efforts to block French users from accessing the prohibited content or else to face fines and the seizure of income from Yahoo ’s French subsidiary .
In January 2001 , Yahoo banned the sale of Nazi memorabilia on its Web sites .
The Yahoo case was a landmark .
It made clear that search engines like Google and Yahoo could be held liable outside the United States for indexing or directing users to content after having been notified that it was illegal in a foreign country .
In the United States , by contrast , Internet service providers are protected from most lawsuits involving having hosted or linked to illegal user - generated content .
As a consequence of these differing standards , Google has considerably less flexibility overseas than it does in the United States about content on its sites , and its “ information must be free ” ethos is being tested abroad .
For example , on the German and French default Google search engines , Google.de and Google.fr , you ca n’t find Holocaust - denial sites that can be found on Google.com , because Holocaust denial is illegal in Germany and France .
In the wake of the Yahoo decision , Google decided to comply with governmental requests to take down links on its national search engines to material that clearly violates national laws .
( In the interest of disclosure , however , Google has agreed to report all the links it takes down in response to government demands to chillingeffects.com , a Web site run by Harvard ’s Berkman Center that keeps a record of censored online materials . )
Of course , not every overseas case presents a clear violation of national law .
In 2006 , for example , protesters at a Google office in India demanded the removal of content on Orkut , the social networking site , that criticized Shiv Sena , a hard - line Hindu political party popular in Mumbai .
Wong eventually decided to take down an Orkut group dedicated to attacking Shivaji , revered as a deity by the Shiv Sena Party , because it violated Orkut terms of service by criticizing a religion , but she decided not to take down another group because it merely criticized a political party .
“ If stuff is clearly illegal , we take that down , but if it ’s on the edge , you might push a country a little bit , ” Wong told me .
“ Free - speech law is always built on the edge , and in each country , the question is : Can you define what the edge is ? ”
What You Need to Know About Bond Funds – A 101 Guide
While a bond is a debt security that represents the authorized issuer ’s obligation to repay the principal plus interest of the debt , a bond fund is a pool of money that invests in bonds .
Most bond funds pay higher dividends than CDs or money market funds , and are considered less risky than stocks .
That ’s why many financial planners recommend having these types of bond funds within investment portfolio , especially as we age .
Types of Bond Funds
When we classify bond funds , there are generally 4 main types :
Government / Treasury – Essentially comprised of all securities from the government .
As they are backed by the credit of the country , they are generally considered to be extremely safe .
The cost of less risk is the low yield so no surprise there .
– Essentially comprised of all securities from the government .
As they are backed by the credit of the country , they are generally considered to be extremely safe .
The cost of less risk is the low yield so no surprise there .
Municipal – Even states and local governments can issue bonds , which municipal bond funds invests in .
The advantage of these funds are that they are exempt from federal taxes , while some are even exempt from state and local taxes .
Since there ’s no free lunch in this world , do n’t expect a high yield on these either .
– Even states and local governments can issue bonds , which municipal bond funds invests in .
The advantage of these funds are that they are exempt from federal taxes , while some are even exempt from state and local taxes .
Since there ’s no free lunch in this world , do n’t expect a high yield on these either .
Mortgage –
These bond funds invests in mortgage loans back by the government ( think Ginnie Mae , Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae ) .
Traditionally , these are very safe investments but people who ’ve lived through 2008 know that there ’s nothing is ever risk free .
– These bond funds invests in mortgage loans back by the government ( think Ginnie Mae , Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae ) .
Traditionally , these are very safe investments but people who ’ve lived through 2008 know that there ’s nothing is ever risk free .
Corporate – Generally the highest risk of the four , these funds invests in bonds that are issued by corporations .
Therefore , the risks are measured by the corporations ’ ability to repay the bonds that the fund owns .
The risk on these types of funds are higher , so the potential payout is greater .
There are even high risk corporate bond funds that invests in junk bonds ( bonds with higher risk of defaulting ) .
Be careful with these types of bond funds because while payout may seem high , chances of losing your investments are higher too .
Benefits of Bond Funds
As briefly touched at the beginning of the article , bond funds offer many advantages :
Reduced Volatility – Even though the prices of bond funds changes , they are generally much less voltatile than stocks or stock funds .
Therefore , a portfolio with a bond fund can help balance the wild swings of a stock only portfolio .
Income – Since bond funds usually pay a monthly dividend from the interest payments of the bond , investors looking for income welcome these types of funds .
Associated Risks
A common misconception of bond funds is that you do n’t lose money .
Unfortunately , that ’s simply not true .
As with any investments , there are risks , so consider the following before investing in a bond fund .
Interest Rate Risks –
In general , the prices of bond funds and interest rate go in opposite direction ( ie when interest rate rises , bond fund prices fall and vice versa ) .
In addition , market risks also play a role in the fluctuations of the value of these funds .
Prepayment Risks –
Some bonds can be prepaid by the issuer when interest rates have declined .
If the bond fund invests the proceeds at this time , it will most likely invest in bonds with lower interest rates , which will reduce the fund ’s return .
Credit Risks –
Any bond ( even US treasuries ) can default .
So bond funds rely on credit rating agencies to grade the bonds based on the potential risks of defaulting .
The two best known credit rating agencies ( Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s ) periodically update the credit ratings based on the credit worthiness of the bond issuers .
If you see a credit rating of AAA or Aaa , they are considered the highest quality while a credit rating of Caa or CC is considered highly speculative .
What This Means to You
As circumstances differ case by case , it ’s best to consult with someone who understands your situation and can offer suggestions that best suits you .
Having said that , most people will tell you that any portfolio can use a bit of allocation to bond funds , because of its relative stability and its income generating abilities .
Many people also believe that stocks funds always outperform bond funds , which is again untrue .
So if you have never invested in bond funds before , now is the time to take a serious look at it .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
If you use Shoulda and , like me , you hate Test : : Unit ’s assert_raise ( ) , I may have something of interest for you .
Why the hate ?
Well , assert_raise accepts an *args list of exception types .
If you do n’t pass any , you get some nonsense because an empty array does n’t jive with the exception raised by your block .
Useful .
So if you do n’t care what exception is raised , assert_raise is n’t gonna help you .
Also , assert_raise does n’t let you specify what kind of exception message you ’re expecting .
I actually do n’t mind that a given assertion should verify exactly one thing .
On the other hand I have to jump through hoops to capture the exception if I want to assert on the error message .
A shoulda macro to the rescue
As usual , Shoulda is there to help us keep our test code DRY and intuitive .
I ’ve concocted a useful macro called should_raise .
Here ’s the gist :
It must be called with the block you expect to raise an exception , of course .
You can also specify two optional arguments , the exception type and the message .
:kind_of or :instance_of
If not specified , an assertion is made that an exception was raised , but with no restriction on the type of the exception .
If you specify : kind_of , the assertion will be that much more precise .
It will check that the exception raised was of the type specified , or a descendant .
If you specify : instance_of , the assertion is now that the exception raised was exactly of the type specified .
A shorthand is also available , where the type of the exception is supplied directly , like should_raise ( LoadError ) , in which case the assertion is the same as with :instance_of .
In all of these cases , exactly one assertion is generated , whether or not : type is specified .
: message
If : message is specified , a second assertion will be added in order to make sure the error message matches the parameter .
This can either be a string or a regex .
The assertion is simply an assert_match .
If not specified , no assertion is generated for the message .
Examples
should_raise do require " more vespene gas " end # 1 assertion should_raise ( LoadError ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 1 more restrictive assertion should_raise ( : instance_of => LoadError ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 1 assertion , the same as should_raise ( LoadError ) should_raise ( : kind_of => ScriptError ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 1 assertion , slightly less strict than with : instance_of ( note : LoadError < ScriptError ) should_raise ( : message => " no such file to load " ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 2 assertions should_raise ( : message => / vespene / ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 2 assertions should_raise ( LoadError , : message => " such file to load " ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 2 assertions should_raise ( : kind_of => LoadError , : message => " file to load " ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 2 assertions should_raise ( : instance_of => LoadError , : message => " to load " ) do require " more vespene gas " end # 2 assertions
Conclusion
As you can tell , I ’m eagerly awaiting Starcraft II .
No , I meant : check out the code on gist 20019 .
I ’ve included a reasonable suite of unit tests in a comment at the end .
Feel free to use it in any way you like .
Just make sure you do n’t sue me .
Language for life
When you learn a new language , you want to be able to actually use it .
With real people .
In the real world .
Every part of Babbel is designed with that goal in mind .
A reader writes :
Being a Dermatology Physician Assistant and a cancer survivor , I recently reviewed John McCain ’s medical records ( which were made public earlier this year after he was the Republican nominee ) about his melanoma , the type of skin cancer that is very frequently fatal .
He has had 4 , possibly 5 melanomas .
The most serious one was on his left temple , in 2000 .
It was considered a deep melanoma ( 2.2 mm– which is very risky ) .
There was also another melanoma in the same area , which could have likely been a metastasis from the bigger melanoma on the temple , there is no way to know .
They had to take out all his lymph nodes on that side of his head and neck , that is why his cheek looks so misshapen .
That thickness of melanoma ( whether or not it is in the lymph nodes ) usually gets about 1 year of interferon ( a form of chemotherapy ) , which would have been standard of care .
But , since this happened right at the time of the 2000 election conventions , McCain opted not to have the chemo .
He has had another melanoma appear on his nose in 2002 , again , no real way to tell that this was not a metastasis , or a new melanoma .
The other 2 melanomas were prior to 2000 .
Frankly , I ’m surprised that he has survived this long .
Melanoma is very unpredictable and aggressive .
With his history of multiple melanoma episodes , as well as other types of skin cancers and pre-cancers , this means McCain ’s immune system is poor .
Melanoma can metastasize to any part of the body including the brain .
It lurks until it starts to cause problems in whatever organ it starts to grow in .
The only way to know if it spread is when it invades something and causes that organ to malfunction .
There are no blood tests or other screening tests to catch metastasis “ early ” other than frequent skin checks and that would only find it again on the skin .
When melanoma spreads , there is not any good treatments to stop it .
So , I think that it is a very real possibility that John McCain will have more melanoma .
I try to inform all of my patients each day of the risks of melanoma and I spend my work days hunting for melanomas at the earlier superficial stage that can be treated .
McCain ’s is in the deeper , more dangerous , category .
At least in dermatology , we do n’t worry too much about the melanoma ’s less than 1 mm .
His was 2.2 mm .
It was likely an aggressive one , because it seems that it was not observed at his derm exam , then his family doctor found it during an interim appointment .
I am sure that a dermatologist would have seen it and biopsied it given his history .
So , it probably grew extremely quickly in several month ’s time since McCain would have been seen by derm at least every 6 months .
This reminds me of one my patients – she had a melanoma removed on her shoulder with clear margins , her lymph nodes were negative .
On her first follow up visit in 3 months she had no visible sign of any recurrence .
1 month later she came in because she had some unusual bumps appearing in the area .
She had metastases locally , and when they checked a PET scan , she had melanoma throughout her body .
She only lived a few more months .
Here is an article that appeared soon after the medical records were released ( and I have also read the actual medical reports that were released ) .
Japanese woman who murdered virtual husband in online computer game faces £ 3,000 fine and a jail sentence
A Japanese woman who murdered her virtual husband after the pair got divorced in an online computer game is facing a £ 3,000 fine and a possible prison sentence .
The 43 - year - old piano teacher used his identification and password to log onto popular interactive game ' Maple Story ' to carry out the virtual murder in mid-May , police revealed .
' I was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning .
That made me so angry , ' she told investigators after admitting the allegations .
The woman had not plotted any revenge in the real world , police in the northern city of Sapporo said .
Virtual world : Maple story is particularly popular in Japan
The woman , who has not been named , was charged with illegal access onto a computer and manipulating electronic data , police said .
If convicted , she could face a prison term of up to five years or a fine up to $ 5,000 .
As in ' Second Life ' in the U.S. , players in ' Maple Story ' raise and manipulate digital images called ' avatars ' that represent themselves , while engaging in relationships , social activities and fighting against monsters and other obstacles .
The woman used login information she got from the 33 - year - old office worker when their characters were happily married , and killed the character .
The man complained to police when he discovered that his beloved online avatar was dead .
Maple Story is an online multi-player game .
Adventurers begin their story on Maple Island before travelling on a ship to Victoria Island where they choose one of four paths
The woman was arrested Wednesday and was taken across the country , traveling 620 miles from her home in southern Miyazaki to be detained in Sappporo , where the man lives , the official said .
The police official said he did not know if she was married in the real world .
In recent years , virtual lives have had consequences in the real world .
In August , a woman was charged in Delaware with plotting the real - life abduction of a boyfriend she met through ' Second Life ' .
In Tokyo , police arrested a 16 - year - old boy on charges of swindling virtual currency worth £ 200,000 in an interactive role playing game by manipulating another player 's portfolio using a stolen ID and password .
Virtual games are popular in Japan , and ' Second Life ' has drawn a fair number of Japanese participants .
They rank third by nationality among users , after Americans and Brazilians .
The Israeli military sees threat from every direction - even Egypt and Jordan
By Paul Wood
BBC News , Jerusalem
Israelis sometimes say they can lose only one war .
They worry that defeat could mean the destruction of their state .
That 's why this tiny nation has , reputedly , the world 's sixth largest nuclear arsenal .
It is a reason to think the Israelis are n't bluffing when they talk of attacking Iran to stop the Iranians getting their own nuclear weapons .
The Israeli military and intelligence community are haunted by their failure to predict the 1973 war with the Arab states .
They are determined that such a failure will not be repeated .
Today , the view from the Israeli defence establishment is of a nation still surrounded by numerous threats to its survival .
Listing Israel 's enemies , or potential enemies , a senior security source told me : " They are building their forces and are not yet ready to strike . "
[ The Iranians ] think history is with them .
They think the US is weakening .
They believe this is a generational struggle
Israeli military official
We were in a government building in Tel Aviv .
The man speaking at the head of a large conference table wore the badges of senior military rank on his epaulettes .
He had carried out dangerous , covert missions abroad for his country .
He is listened to by the prime minister and the chief of staff .
When he talked to them , he said , their simple question was always : " Will there be war ? "
For 2008 , the answer was no .
" But I am more cautious about 2009 . "
Hotline
With self - deprecating humour , the official described the emergency hotline to his home .
Since it often rang in the middle of the night , his wife refused to allow the phone in the bedroom .
It was 10 metres away in the hall and in walking those ten metres , he said , he always asked himself which of five things the call would be about : Iran , Syria , Hezbollah , Hamas or al - Qaeda .
Iran , said the official , was Israel 's " most problematic enemy " .
" They think history is with them .
They think the US is weakening .
They believe this is a generational struggle . "
The damage to Lebanon was n't enough to deter [ Hezbollah last time ] ... when the terrorists become the government , the list of targets is longer
Israeli military official
He went on : " Iran has a high priority to develop a nuclear weapon but the strategy is not to have the bomb as soon as possible .
It is to advance the programme with the minimum cost from the international community . "
Iran denies that it is doing anything other than developing a peaceful , civil nuclear industry .
But warnings that an Israeli attack might be " unavoidable " have been made by senior figures such as Shaul Mofaz , a government minister and former head of the Israeli army .
There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before January when the winner takes office .
The official I spoke to seemed to imply that Israel felt it had more time than that , saying Iran would not have a nuclear weapon until at least 2010 .
" The worst case scenario is by the end of the decade and that may be pessimistic . "
Talk of war
If it did come to war , the official said , the Iranians had a " terror network " in Iraq which was working at only 10 - 20 % of its capabilities .
They could also close the Straits of Hormuz that links the Gulf to the Arabian Sea and make use of Hezbollah in Lebanon .
They had North Korean missiles with a range of 3,500 km .
Hamas will take over the West Bank if Israel leaves now
Israeli military official Perhaps all the talk of war with Iran is designed to frighten the Iranians but this official , and other senior politicians and generals I 've spoken to over the past few months , all seemed deadly serious about military action if the diplomacy failed .
However , the official said Syria was a bigger threat than Iran if measured by the tonnage of conventional explosive that could be launched at Israel .
He did not view the Syrians as sincere in the indirect negotiations they were conducting through Turkey .
" They speak about peace from time to time , while sending weapons to Hezbollah . "
Lessons learnt Hezbollah itself was for the time being concentrating on building its strength within Lebanon rather than threatening Israel , the official said .
He accused them of stockpiling weapons in central and northern Lebanon for use in a future internal conflict there .
If there was another war with Israel , he went on , the Israeli military had learned the lessons of 2006 .
Abbas : A chief without Indians who could lose the West Bank to Hamas ?
Rather chillingly , perhaps , he said the next war would see far more bombing and far more damage to Lebanese infrastructure .
" The damage to Lebanon was n't enough to deter them [ last time ] , " he said .
Next time , Hezbollah would not enjoy air - conditioning in their bunkers because there would be no electricity .
Hezbollah 's presence in the Lebanese government now was actually helpful from an Israeli military point of view , he explained .
" When the terrorists become the government , the list of targets is longer , " a point he said also applied to Hamas in Gaza .
Both military intelligence and the Shabak - as the domestic intelligence agency is sometimes called here - had been against Israel 's truce with Hamas , the official revealed .
But the politicians had ignored them both , as sometimes happens in a democracy .
Breathing space
The ceasefire was very important to Hamas in Gaza , he said , because it gave them a breathing space from Israeli military operations to smuggle in far more powerful explosives .
They had been relying on home made explosives , which deteriorated after a month or two .
Now Hamas had stockpiled rockets numbering " in the low thousands " with the more potent explosives .
Hamas would of course say that the truce helped ease the crippling economic blockade of Gaza .
In the West Bank , it would be at least six years before the Palestinian security forces were ready to assume their responsibilities fully , the official said .
The Palestinian Authority president , Mahmoud Abbas , and his prime minister , Salam Fayyad , were " chiefs without Indians . "
He added : " Hamas will take over the West Bank if Israel leaves now . "
He said Israel had had to wait almost 25 years for Yasser Arafat to recognise their right to exist .
It might take a similar time before Hamas would do the same .
Since that was Israel 's pre-condition for talks with Hamas , it could expect a long war .
It was a pessimistic view of the world , all the more so for the fact that the official 's list of potential future enemies included countries like Jordan and Egypt , now officially at peace with Israel .
The official did not believe there would be an all - out attack , as in 1973 : Israeli capabilities , especially air superiority , would ensure that .
But the danger was of an event which did not reach the bar of all - out attack but which could easily escalate into a war between Israel and an Arab state or states .
That was the basis of his warning that the likelihood of a war in the Middle East would grow in 2009 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
From WaPo …
McCain had said that racially explosive attacks related to Obama ’s former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , are off limits .
But Palin told New York Times columnist Bill Kristol in an interview published Monday : “ I do n’t know why that association is n’t discussed more . ”
Worse , Palin ’s routine attacks on the media have begun to spill into ugliness .
In Clearwater , arriving reporters were greeted with shouts and taunts by the crowd of about 3,000 .
Palin then went on to blame Katie Couric ’s questions for her “ less - than - successful interview with kinda mainstream media . ”
At that , Palin supporters turned on reporters in the press area , waving thunder sticks and shouting abuse .
Others hurled obscenities at a camera crew .
One Palin supporter shouted a racial epithet at an African American sound man for a network and told him , “ Sit down , boy . ”
Bill Kristol
Bill Kristol maintains Barack Obama has radical associations , but he 'll be a typical president .
Difference Between Online And Offline Marketing
Marketing
In this computer age a business has to opt for online marketing or offline line marketing or make and stick to a blend of the two .
The most beneficial among these three options is the last one which is a hybridization of online marketing as well as offline marketing .
First of all we should know the difference between the online marketing and offline marketing ; no doubt the ultimate aim is to woe the customer or the client .
Base :
When we think of offline marketing we think of conventional way of marketing and things needed for it just like the infrastructure and the marketing personal and tools .
On the contrary when we think of marketing through online the first thing that comes to our mind is a website .
Market penetration :
When we think of reaching the customers both online and offline marketing have got their own advantages and disadvantages .
In case of offline marketing large staffs have to be maintained to penetrate the market and the initial expenses could be quite high .
On the other hand in case of online marketing , marketing is totally dependent on the extent of accesses to the internet .
Nowadays on can have accesses to the internet in any part of the world and so the market penetration is quite easy but still dependent on the speed of the internet , working of the server and the supply of electricity .
If the internet is not working or the electricity supply runs short then the website is not accessible .
Approach to the Customer : Usually the online marketing is very helpful at approaching the clients or customers into their homes just through a click thus making it easier for the companies to contact them later .
On the contrary if the company representative was asked to approach the customer it would take a lot of time and effort because he would have to first contact the person on phone , seek his her appointment and then present the product or services to the prospective client or customer .
In some cases it would become necessary for the marketing representative to carry the product to the office or residence of the prospective customer .
Product promotion :
If we think of product promotion , the online marketing turns out to be better than the offline marketing .
The online marketing is not only economical than the offline marketing but also faster than that .
Product promotion to the magnitude of what can be achieved through the online marketing can be very expensive and time consuming if tried to be achieved through offline marketing .
Manpower :
With the online internet tools at your disposal the need of personnel is limited and always less than that required for offline marketing .
If your offline marketing is spread in a very wide demographic area then you need a staff to maintain them .
Thus you have to remunerate the work force as well as the HR department that maintains the workforce .
The online marketing reduces the need of manpower .
Time :
The online marketing has changed the marketing scenario drastically especially with reference to time .
The online marketing has shrunk the world into 24 hours .
It is because of the online marketing that a business can remain operational for 24 hours .
It is because of the online marketing that the Asian countries can market the American products to the Americans during night and cater to the local market during day time .
The online marketing can go on 24×7 , round the year .
This can never be thought of and quite impossible in offline marketing .
Expenses : Usually a company cannot conduct all the exercises of marketing in house .
Some of the services that it needs are outsourced to companies and professionals who are expert at it .
When we take into consideration this factor online marketing is found to be far cheaper than the offline marketing .
Return on Investment :
The return on investment in case of online marketing is much higher than in comparison to that of offline marketing .
A website can be seen by many people at the same time .
On the contrary one person cannot individually cater to all the clients .
One click one email box can sent letters to all those mentioned in ‘ address to ’ box .
Moreover the receiver receives the message within seconds .
On the contrary in offline marketing it would take at least a day or two for the courier to reach the recipient .
Thus online marketing is far quicker than the offline marketing .
Customer Care and Relationship :
The market has lot of options for the customer .
Not only the products but also the after sales services are also of equal importance .
This is where both online and offline marketing have their own pros and cons .
If the customers problem can be solve with the help of the instruction mentioned on the website it is very good , but if this problem persists then the after sales service has to be carried out by sending a company personnel who can attend to the customer grievances .
The better the customer care more is the business of the company .
MIS : MIS stands for management information system .
In the case of online marketing the MIS and the reporting can be streamlined .
The Management can come to know about the productivity of the online marketing strategies instantaneously .
On the contrary in case of offline marketing the flow of information is not as regular and accurate as in online marketing .
Information about the Products :
In case of online marketing the website can have some pages exclusively for its products and product details .
The images of the products can be programmed to give a 3 dimensional view also .
This facilitates the customer .
There is no need for the customer to go to the shop and see the products physically .
The customer needs to only select the product and add it to the buying list .
This facility cannot be offered in offline marketing because in offline marketing the buyer would have to go to the shop and buy the things physically .
Online marketing saves unnecessary transport expenses and saves time too .
Measurement :
The effectiveness of the online management can be measured accurately and quickly .
This is not possible with offline marketing .
After thorough study of the pros and cons of both online marketing and offline marketing one should come out with the marketing strategy that suits the business , the product or services and last but not the least the customer or client because he / she is the final decision taking authority .
( 5 votes , average : 5.00 out of 5 )
votes , average : out of 5 ) Loading ... Loading ...
Leave a Reply
Stainless - steel netting costing up to $ 50 million will be placed beneath the Golden Gate Bridge to catch would - be suicide jumpers , San Francisco officials decided Friday .
The decision by the board of the Golden Gate Bridge , Highway and Transportation District follows several years of controversy .
The agency has yet to determine how to finance it , said spokeswoman Mary Currie .
The netting was the “ locally preferred alternative , ” Currie said .
More than 5,000 comments came flooding into the agency as part of its environmental review process .
About 2,000 people have jumped from the storied bridge since it opened in 1937 .
So far this year , 19 have made the leap , which is almost always fatal .
Whether public funds should be used to prevent additional suicides has been passionately debated .
Advertisement
Writing to the board last summer , San Francisco resident Paul J. Miller expressed a view that many others had raised : “ Attention should be given to mental health assistance , ” he wrote , “ not paying tens of millions of dollars to contractors who are just trying to milk money from citizens . ”
On the other hand , the Psychiatric Foundation of Northern California has supported the idea , contending that the effectiveness of barriers has been “ dramatic ” at such landmarks as the Empire State Building and Eiffel Tower .
The group also cites a study of 515 people who were stopped from jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge .
It concluded that 94 % of them were alive or had died naturally long after their thwarted attempts .
In its 14 - 1 vote Friday , the agency ’s directors determined that a net would be the least visible of five alternatives .
The others included extending the height of the bridge ’s railing from four to 12 feet -- an option widely criticized as too obtrusive .
All of the possibilities -- except doing nothing -- would cost $ 40 million to $ 50 million , Currie said .
Advertisement
The plastic - coated steel cable will be seen from only a few spots on the bridge ’s walkway .
Hanging 20 feet down and extending 20 feet on either side , it will be the same color as the Art Deco span .
It also will cost $ 78,000 a year to maintain , compared with $ 500,000 for the railing , according to the district .
James Eddie , the one board member who voted no , raised the issue of the barrier ’s cost .
The agency will draw up a final environmental plan , examining , among other issues , the danger the net might pose to birds flying into it .
Advertisement
--
steve.chawkins@latimes.com
After experiencing a closer by committee position last season , the Indians seem to be attempting to solidify that spot on their team with a former All Star during the off season .
The Indians have surprisingly become one of the teams that are vying for some of the major free agent closers in the game and claim to have an upper hand on that position because they are willing to offer a multi- year contract .
They are most notably seriously in the discussion for Trevor Hoffman , the former San Diego Padre reliever who holds the record for most all time saves .
The Indians confirmed they have already spoken with Hoffman ’s agent , Rick Thurman and are working on their specific offer to the closer .
It is most likely that no one will offer Hoffman more than a two year deal because of his age , and this makes the Indians believe they have a real shot at signing him .
Other closers in the free agent market include Francisco Rodriguez , Brian Fuentes and Kerry Wood , who all are seeking multi- year contracts of at least three years .
Realistically , the Tribe may be able to cater to Fuentes or Wood , but probably do not have any shot at K - Rod , especially after his record breaking season .
Slated for release in early 2009 is the Terrafugia Transition , the world ’s first drivable plane and it ’s more than just a concept .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
The Terrafugia Transition is not only a fully functional plane , but its wings fold up at the push of a button , allowing you to safely drive the street legal vehicle to and from the airport .
Best of all , the Transition is classified as a Special Light Sport ( S - LSA ) , which means it does n’t require a pilots license to fly .
Video courtesy of AVweb .
Video
When we first tried switching over from VB to C# , one of the most disturbing features of the language for the partners who read the code was inheritance .
They found it difficult to figure out which implementation of a given method was being invoked from a given call point , and therefore , difficult to reason about the code .
It is worth mentioning that OCaml actually does support inheritance as part of its object system .
That said , objects are an obscure part of the language , and inheritance even more so .
At Jane Street , we almost never use objects and never use inheritance .
We use standard functional programming techniques and code reviewers find that style more comprehensible .
In particular , they can reason by following static properties of the code ( module boundaries and functor
applications ) rather than dynamic properties ( what class an object is ) .
Caml trading – experiences with functional programming on Wall Streetby Yaron Minsky and Stephen WeeksFunctional programmers are always keen to gather evidence that it is actually of use in the ' real world ' .
Jane Street Capital , by adopting O'Caml as the language in which they write the programs that earn them so much money , has provided one of the clearest demonstations .
Yaron Minsky delivered a brilliant invited talk to this effect at POPL 2008 , and I 'm delighted to see that he and Steven Weeks have now published a companion article for JFP .
An error in a financial program of this kind can wipe out a firm 's profits for the year in a few seconds , so reliability is a concern .
The partners of Jane Street review the code themselves , and this turned out to be one of the major factors influencing the adoption of Caml .
I thought their comments on OO programming were of interest .
I 've had similar thoughts about the perils of inheritance , but this is one of the few places I 've seen them documented .
Your browser is n’t supported .
For best results , please upgrade to a modern browser .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Democratic Senator Barack Obama has been elected the first black president of the United States , prompting celebrations across the country .
" It 's been a long time coming , but tonight ... change has come to America , " the president - elect told a jubilant crowd at a victory rally in Chicago .
His rival John McCain accepted defeat , and called on his supporters to lend the next president their goodwill .
The BBC's Justin Webb says the result will have a profound impact on the US .
He says the American people have made two fundamental statements about themselves : that they are profoundly unhappy with the status quo , and that they are slamming the door on the country 's racial past .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Obama appeared with his family , and his running mate Joe Biden , before a crowd of tens of thousands in Grant Park , Chicago .
Many people in the vast crowd , which stretched back far into the Chicago night , wept as Mr Obama spoke .
" If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible , who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time , who still questions the power of our democracy , tonight is your answer , " he said .
He said he had received an " extraordinarily gracious " call from Mr McCain .
He praised the former Vietnam prisoner - of - war as a " brave and selfless leader " .
OBAMA GAINS Ohio New Mexico Iowa Virginia Florida Colorado Nevada Indiana
Election results in full Democrats tighten Senate grip
In pictures : Result reaction
In quotes : US election reaction " He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine , " the victor said .
He had warm words for his family , announcing to his daughters : " Sasha and Malia , I love you both more than you can imagine , and you have earned the new puppy that 's coming with us to the White House . "
But he added : " Even as we celebrate tonight , we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime - two wars , a planet in peril , the worst financial crisis in a century .
" The road ahead will be long .
Our climb will be steep .
But America - I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there . "
Hours after Mr Obama 's victory was announced , crowds were still celebrating on the streets of Washington DC and Mr Obama 's hometown of Chicago .
From red to blue Mr Obama captured the key battleground states of Pennsylvania and Ohio , before breaking through the winning threshold of 270 electoral college votes at 0400 GMT , when projections showed he had also taken California and a slew of other states .
Obama tells his supporters : " Change has come to America . "
In pictures
Then came the news that he had also seized Florida , Virginia and Colorado - all of which voted Republican in 2004 - turning swathes of the map from red to blue .
Projected results have yet to be announced for the states of North Carolina and Missouri , which are believed to be too close to call .
However , at 1100 GMT , Mr Obama 's share of the popular vote stood at 52.3 % , compared with Mr McCain 's 46.4 % .
The main developments include : Mr Obama is projected to have seized Ohio , New Mexico , Iowa , Virginia , Florida , Colorado , Indiana and Nevada - all Republican wins in 2004 .
He is also projected to have won : Vermont , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , Illinois , Delaware , Massachusetts , District of Columbia , Maryland , Connecticut , Maine , New Jersey , Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin , New York , Rhode Island , California , Hawaii , Washington , Oregon .
Mr McCain is projected to have won : Montana , Alaska , Kentucky , South Carolina , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Arkansas , Alabama , Kansas , North Dakota , Wyoming , Georgia , Louisiana , West Virginia , Texas , Mississippi , Utah , Arizona , Idaho , South Dakota .
Turnout was reported to be extremely high - in some places " unprecedented " .
The Democrats increased their Senate majority by five seats , but fell short of the 60 needed to stop blocking tactics by Republicans .
They also increased their majority in the House of Representatives .
Exit polls suggest the economy was the major deciding factor for six out of 10 voters .
Nine out of 10 said the candidates ' race was not important to their vote , the Associated Press reported .
Almost as many said age did not matter .
Several states reported very high turnout .
It was predicted 130 million Americans , or more , would vote - more than for any election since 1960 .
HAVE YOUR SAY I find myself strangely emotional about this .
I want to go wake up my neighbours and hug them Amy Scullane , Boston Many people said they felt they had voted in a historic election - and for many African - Americans the moment was especially poignant .
John Lewis , an activist in the civil rights era who was left beaten on an Alabama bridge 40 years ago , told Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church : " This is a great night .
It is an unbelievable night .
It is a night of thanksgiving . "
Besides winning the presidency , the Democrats tightened their grip on Congress .
The entire US House of Representatives and a third of US Senate seats were up for grabs .
Send your video reactions to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You must have Javascript enabled to view this widget .
Yardbarker : Home
The 2008 WEO represents a step forward in that projections are purportedly based on a bottoms - up querying of a database containing reserves and past - production information for 800 of the world 's largest oilfields , rather than just being extrapolated to what future demand will require .
However , the results obtained from such a data mining effort are limited not only by the quality of the data therein , but also by the assumptions made when querying the database .
A close look at the data and projections for Saudi Arabia in the WEO reveals a rather spotty effort , providing neither a clear picture of what is happening in this important region nor much confidence that the overall report for the world is accurate .
Given the central role Saudi Arabia will play in the world 's energy future , the continued fuzziness regarding its oil prospects is cause for concern .
According to the IEA 2008 World Energy Outlook , Saudi Arabia will remain the world ’s largest producer through at least 2030 as its output climbs from 10.2 mb/d ( million barrels per day ) in 2007 to 14.4 mb/d in 2015 and 15.6 mb/d in 2030 .
The future totals include Natural Gas Liquids ( NGL ) production as well as additions from enhanced oil recovery efforts ( EOR ) .
Throughout the 2008 WEO , Saudi Arabia is cast in a leading role -- both figuratively :
On present trends , just to replace the oil reserves that will be exhausted and to meet the growth in demand , between now and 2030 we will need 64 mb/d of new oil - production capacity , six times the size of Saudi Arabia ’s capacity today .
( from the Forward and Executive Summary )
and literally :
Saudi Arabia remains the world ’s largest producer throughout the projection period , its output climbing from 10.2 mb/d in 2007 to 15.6 mb/d in 2030 .
( Executive Summary , page 40 )
Currently , Saudi Arabia produces over 10 percent of the world 's crude oil ( with the Ghawar oilfield alone producing 7 percent ) and is the largest exporter .
If all imminent and pending Saudi Aramco development projects come online as planned , one half of the ten most productive oilfields will be in Saudi Arabia ( Ghawar , Safaniyah , Khurais , Manifa , and Shaybah ) .
Consequently , it would seem desirable to get the Saudi picture correct .
This is of course hindered by the reluctance of Saudi Aramco to make their data available , but the sheer size of the production and the remaining reserves means that large uncertainties in either of these translate into similarly large uncertainties for the world outlook .
Averaging the Unaveragable
By analyzing all of the world 's resources collectively , it is hoped that such uncertainties will tend to average out .
Unfortunately , Saudi fields and Ghawar in particular are true outliers .
They are unique geologically , with a large volume of oil trapped in relatively few yet accessible reservoirs ; politically , in that production is and has been under monolithic control ; and economically , as the size of the resource relative to internal consumption has up to now allowed for a more measured depletion than has occurred elsewhere .
In some sense , what happens in Saudi Arabia stays in Saudi Arabia , and the value of conflating trends with the rest of the world is dubious .
It is perhaps questionable doing this for the other different oil producing regions as well .
The Elephant in the Report
Every analysis of Saudi Arabian oil should begin and end with Ghawar .
Matt Simmons covered Ghawar thoroughly in the book " Twilight in the Desert " , questioning many of the reassurances of Saudi Aramco about the future of the field .
The Oil Drum ( Stuart Staniford , Euan Mearns ) has probed further into the state of the field , showing that it is possible to assess the resource independently using published information .
Subsequently , I have shown that it is possible to independently monitor depletion mitigation efforts in Ghawar using satellite images ( see these stories on The Oil Drum and Satellite o'er the Desert ) .
One particular result of such studies relevant to the question of remaining reserves is an improved estimate the area of the field , necessary for an estimation of oil initially in place ( OIIP ) .
For Ghawar , a value of approximately 193 billion barrels was determined .
The assumptions and method for this determination are given in Appendix 1 at the end .
The 2008 WEO mentions Ghawar often , but there is little new information presented .
The 2005 release of the WEO had a specific focus on Middle East oil , and both the 2005 and 2008 releases of the World Energy Outlook have close - up looks at the Ghawar oil field .
In fact , much of the Ghawar content from the former was copied and pasted verbatim in the new IEA 2008 report ( with notable differences which are rather interesting ) .
Both versions stumble right out of the gate with the same geographical error :
The area of the field — more accurately described as a collection of oil - bearing formations — is partitioned into six geographical areas , from north to south : Ain Dar , Shedgum , Farzan , Hawiyah , Uthmaniyah and Haradh .
As shown in the map below , the above listing of geographical areas is somewhat random rather than strictly north to south :
This is perhaps a minor ( repeated ) mistake , somewhat irrelevant to the goal of predicting future oil flows , but it indicates a certain level of carelessness with regards to the information presented .
And as will be seen , the numerical data follow this theme .
From 2005 :
Ghawar is a large anticline structure , 280 km long by 25 km wide , with about 50 metres of net oil pay .
Initial oil in place is believed to amount to at least 300 billion barrels .
Cumulative production is 61 billion barrels and , according to Saudi Aramco , remaining proven reserves are about 65 billion barrels .
Saudi Aramco has not provided sufficient data for a proper assessment , but the recovery rate could be between 40 % and 60 % .
and the corresponding text from 2008 :
Ghawar is a large anticline structure , 280 km long by 25 km wide , with about 50 metres of net oil pay .
Initial oil in place is 250 billion barrels , of which initial recoverable reserves are estimated at 140 billion barrels ( implying an expected ultimate recovery rate of 56 % ) .
Cumulative production reached 66 billion barrels in 2007 , so remaining reserves are about 74 billion barrels .
According to these reports , in three years time , Ghawar has lost " at least " fifty billion barrels of oil originally in place ( OIIP ) , yet it seemingly has accrued nine billion barrels more in reserves -- and add to that the 5 - 6 billion barrels produced over that time .
Reserves is the amount of the OIIP which is estimated to be economically extractable , and this can increase over time as technology improves or the price of oil changes .
In this case , however , we also have an unexplained decrease in the OIIP .
Where did the 2005 number come from ?
The WEO suggests that most of the data came from the IHS database , although published accounts suggest that the IHS figure for 2005 was 210 billion barrels ( Laharrere , 2005 ) .
It is probable that the 2005 WEO number does not originate with IHS but elsewhere .
An indication of a possible source for the OIIP is the APS Review Gas Market Trends from October 2005 , which has the following snippets :
Ghawar is the largest axis of fields in the world and is the main producer of Arab Light crude oil in Saudi Arabia .
It is 250 km long and 15 km wide .
It contains several fields , of which eight are major oil producers , and huge fields of natural gas in a Khuff reservoir deep beneath the oil formations ( Fms ) .
Ghawar 's recoverable crude oil reserves exceed 70 bn barrels .
Oil in place in the Ghawar region is estimated to be over 300 bn barrels .
...
The Ghawar fields are now producing close to capacity , with the output being AL crude oil .
The other Ghawar fields producing this grade are Khurais , Harmaliya and Abu Hadriya .
The scope of misinformation in the above is too vast to address here , but the " over 300 billion " figure is strangely familiar .
It seems possible that , in the least , the above document and the 2005 WEO have a common source for this value .
Along that line , Saudi Aramco quotes a reserves value for Khurais of 27 billion barrels , so perhaps the extra 50 billion is accounted for by the Khurais OIIP .
But beyond this forensic trivia , the more important point is that the value of 250 billion for Ghawar is still much higher than what appears to be in the IHS database ( unless their estimate for Ghawar has been abruptly increased ) and is much larger than is obtained ( 193 Gb ) using the best available public information ( see Appendix 1 ) .
A Wrong Turn
A final revealing clue in this autopsy is revealed in a sentence at the end of the Ghawar segment :
Reports suggest that enhanced oil recovery techniques are being used to boost capacity in the mature zones of the Shedgum and Uthmaniyah areas , where extensive drilling programmes have recently been undertaken ( Source : Sanford Bernstein , 2007 ) .
The " reports " are two documents released by Bernstein and Associates which described investigations of Ghawar using satellite imagery .
Unfortunately , as detailed here and here , the work contained major flaws , including the misidentification of rock outcroppings and electrical transmission towers for oil wells and an erroneous placement of the Ghawar field in the images .
There is no evidence - or statements from Saudi Aramco - that anything other than continued peripheral water injection ( plus infill drilling and workovers ) is being used to coax oil from Shedgum .
That the IEA analyst relied on the Bernstein work is not a positive development .
Whither Ghawar Decline ?
While the WEO quotes a figure of 5.1 mb/d for current ( 2007 ) Ghawar production , there is no estimate provided for future levels .
Indeed , Ghawar is still in the " plateau " stage according to the WEO criteria .
It is not clear what decline rate rate for Ghawar , if any , was use to predict future Saudi production levels .
There is acknowledgement , however , that decline is occuring :
The most recent project , involving the Haradh area in the southern part of the field , was completed in 2006 , tripling capacity there to about 900 kb/d .
This has helped to offset natural declines in other parts of the field .
The overall capacity of Ghawar is sustained by infill drilling and well work - overs to maintain flow pressure in various parts of the field .
Thus , with no areas of Ghawar left to re-develop , maintaining current production levels will become more challenging .
Saudi Oil Beyond Ghawar
The 2008 WEO has many non-Ghawar references to Saudi Arabia oil , but the data is usually combined with other countries as well :
There are 101 upstream oil projects currently under development and planned in OPEC countries as a whole , involving an estimated 48 billion barrels of proven and probable reserves .
Of these projects , 56 are onshore , involving about 28 billion barrels of reserves .
The largest element of new production is due to come from Saudi Arabia , which will bring four new onshore fields into production .
( p. 273 )
First , there are the pending onshore projects :
Saudi Arabia will continue to play a vital role in balancing the global oil market .
Its willingness to make timely investments in oil - production capacity will be a key determinant of future price trends .
Five major onshore projects , Khurais , Khursaniyah , Hawiyah , Shaybah and Nuayyim , which collectively hold 13 billion barrels of reserves , are all in the final phases of development and are projected to provide a total gross capacity addition of close to 3 mb/d by 2015 .
( p. 274 )
There are a few problems with the above excerpt , the first being the total reserves .
If Khurais has roughly 27 billion barrels of reserves ( as per Saudi Aramco ) , than the other four in that list have negative 14 billion .
Next , we have Hawiyah ( part of Ghawar ) listed as a separate development project , which is not the case ; it is being re-developed similarly to the rest of Ghawar .
The Hawiyah NGL plant was completed recently , but it 's not clear how NGL reserves are computed in Saudi Arabia by IEA .
As for oil , Hawiyah by itself probably has 13 billion barrels remaining .
For production rates , we consider the described addition of " close to 3 mb/d by 2015 " .
The following capacities can be found from many sources including Saudi Aramco :
Project Type mb/d Khurais oil 1.2 Khurais NGL 0.07 Khursaniyah oil 0.5 Khursaniyah NGL 0.3 Shaybah Phase II oil 0.25 Nuayyim oil 0.1 Hawiyah NGL 0.3
This adds up to 2.72 mb/d , which perhaps could be rounded up to 3 .
But clearly distinguishing between crude and NGL would seem to be a good idea here .
There is one offshore project in the works : the re-development of the Manifa field , although its delay for economic reasons seems likely :
Over the next five to six years , 45 offshore projects are either under development or firmly planned in OPEC countries , totalling 20 billion barrels .
The largest project by far is the Manifa field in Saudi Arabia , accounting for one - quarter of these reserves .
This field is expected to come on line in 2012 and will produce close to 1 mb/d when the plateau is reached about three years later .
( p. 274 )
The Manifa output probably includes NGL , but only about 65 kb/d is expected to arise from that contribution .
There might be some redevelopment of other offshore fields , but it is not clear how much ( if any ) additional IEA assumes there will through 2030 -- although the ramblings of Saudi Oil Minister Al - Naimi have been referenced :
Expansions of the Zuluf , Safaniyah and Berri fields could give further momentum to Saudi Arabian production .
( a footnote references Saudi Oil Minister Al - Naimi's comments at the Jeddah Summit on June 22 , 2008 )
So up to 2015 , there is an addition of 4 mb/d oil + NGL to existing Saudi production ( after being rather generous in rounding ) from current projects .
There are also many discovered but undeveloped fields remaining , although these are much smaller than those currently producing .
Such development would also likely occur after 2015 :
There are more than 100 onshore fields awaiting development , each holding more than 100 million barrels and with combined reserves of more than 50 billion barrels .
The bulk of them are in just three countries : Saudi Arabia , Iran and Iraq .
Two - thirds of those reserves are concentrated in about 30 giant fields ( each holding more than 500 million barrels ) , including Sharar , Niban , Jaladi , Dhib and Lugfah fields in Saudi Arabia ...
( p. 273-274 )
Elsewhere , the report seems to give a figure for total Saudi reserves in undeveloped fields :
There are 6.2 billion barrels of reserves in 11 other known fields in Saudi Arabia that have yet to be developed — the highest in the world .
Each of them holds reserves of at least 150 million barrels and the average is 450 million barrels .
Wait ...11 fields times 450 million is 4.95 billion .
Either the total reserves or the average is wrong , but it is difficult to surmise which without at least knowing which fields are included .
One of these is offshore :
The largest known undeveloped field , Hasbah 1 , holds 1.8 billion barrels .
Part of the increase in gross capacity will be offset by the decline in capacity at existing fields .
Saudi Arabia aims to maintain spare capacity in the range of 1.5 mb/d to 2 mb/d in the long term .
Production in 2015 and 2030
So , what differences are expected for Saudi oil production by 2015 ?
Table 11.4 in the WEO gives a total liquids ( crude plus NGL ) value of 14.4 mb/d , which is a net addition of 4.2 mb/d from 2007 .
From above , we have the IEA additions of 3 mb/d from onshore and 1 mb/d from Manifa , totaling 4 mb/d .
This leaves 200 kb/d unaccounted for , but more importantly , leaves little room to account for decline from existing production .
Any assumed decline must be offset by a corresponding amount of new production in order to match the production predicted in the WEO .
Several possible development projects are identified , but none of these are likely before 2015 .
If IEA has assumed new development in its analysis , they should provide specifics .
And as with Ghawar , it is difficult to parse out exactly how much production growth is expected vs. how much decline .
Net production is obviously the bottom line , but IEA should demonstrate that such predictions are backed by reasonable estimates .
For 2030 , the WEO provides a more specific breakdown for total Saudi production ( utilizing Figure 11.4 ) : From 2007 to 2030 , total liquids increases from 10.2 mb/d to 15.6 mb /d.
About 3.5 mb/d of this increase is due to NGL , and 1.9 is due to crude oil .
Furthermore , 1.2 mb/d of the added crude flow is attributed to enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) efforts beyond 2015 .
Similarly to the prior period , any substantial gains in crude production due to new development must be offset by declines elsewhere , and the fate of growth potential for Saudi Arabia production lies with natural gas liquids .
CONCLUSION
The 2008 IEA World Energy Report urgently ( and appropriately ) recognizes the need for an assessment of future energy supplies based on a detailed accounting of the world 's inventory .
This need is not reflected in the data presented for the specific yet critical example of Saudi Arabia .
Building and querying a database of the world 's oilfields is good , but this is only of value if the underlying data is sound .
Given the importance of Saudi Arabia 's oil production , both from a practical and a symbolic standpoint , it is unfortunate that surprisingly little incremental effort was expended from WEO 2005 to WEO 2008 on conducting a truly original analysis of the situation for Saudi Arabia , especially given recent events .
Furthermore , the aggregate data presented contains several glaring errors , casting further doubt on the quality of the raw data ( assumed to be provided by IHS ) .
IEA has clearly been hamstrung in its own efforts of painting an accurate energy picture , both in its available resources and in its access to the necessary data .
It would be useful if IEA made available the raw data used for their work , thus allowing for additional analysis from the larger energy community .
The focus on the world 's oil future , and Saudi Arabia 's in particular , needs to be sharpened .
.....................................................................
Appendix I : Estimating Ghawar OIIP
An important part of determining the cumulative amount of oil expected from a newly discovered field is to calculate the total amount of petroleum trapped within the geologic structure .
This requires the following determinations :
the area encompassing the field the thickness of the oil - bearing reservoir the porosity of the reservoir rock the percentage of the pore space occupied by water the change in volume for the petroleum upon being brought to the surface
The overall calculation is then :
In a simple approximation , the bulk rock volume will be the area of the field times the average reservoir thickness .
Saudi Aramco keeps most of its data regarding Ghawar under wraps , but quite a bit is known from reports prepared before Saudi oil was fully nationalized .
Many of the parameters are available from the Greg Croft website as well as in " Twilight in the Desert " .
It is also necessary to estimate the areas for each of the Ghawar regions .
These were computed from the field original oil - water contact ( OOWC ) locations determined using Google Earth .
As a first approximation , the OOWC location can be assumed to lie under the curve connecting all the peripheral water injector wells .
With the use of several maps showing the OOWC location relative to oil wells in the center of the field , however , it is possible to locate the OOWC more precisely .
From a Google Earth kml file containing the polygon descriptions for each of the Ghawar regions , areas are measured using an online tool which uses an algorithm described here .
I have tested this approach by tracing the boundaries of several US states , and the deviation from published areas is less than 3 % .
A Google Earth file containing the current field boundaries and areas measured for Ghawar can be found here .
The measured field areas and parameters obtained from Greg Croft , along with the OIIP results , are shown in the table below .
There is much uncertainty as to what the average oil layer thickness values in the above table refer to .
Towards the edges of the field , the oil layer thins out , as shown below in a diagram ( modified from Mearns ) .
Specifically , if the stated thickness represents an average over the entire field ( or region ) including the edges , then a simple multiplication of the area by this average will yield the total volume of oil - bearing rock .
Note , however , that the physical parameters of interest here , especially porosity , will vary both across the field by also vertically through the various reservoir zones .
An accurate determination of OIIP requires the integration of oil content over all three dimensions .
From interpolated well core samples and more recent 3 - D seismic investigations , Saudi Aramco clearly has more accurate numbers than from what is computed here , and given that there is no other way to check , it is worth comparing if available .
The summed OIIP for the Ghawar regions of ' Ain Dar and Shedgum was reported by Baqi and Saleri of Saudi Aramco as being 68.1 billion barrels .
The corresponding value obtained here is 64.6 billion barrels , an underestimate of about 5 % .
Extrapolating to the entire field would raise the OIIP to just over 200 billion barrels .
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update of registered voters finds Barack Obama at 48 % , and John McCain at 44 % , marking a slight narrowing of the race from the eight percentage point margin Obama held earlier this week .
The latest results are based on interviewing conducted Sept. 28 - 30 , a time period in which the American public watched the Dow Jones Industrial Average seesaw between a 700 + point loss and a 400 + point gain on Monday and Tuesday , while attempts by Congress to pass some type of legislation dealing with the financial crisis continued .
Barack Obama has moved to an eight point or higher lead several times since June , including after his foreign trip in July , after the Democratic National Convention , and more recently late last week .
In each instance Obama was unable to sustain his lead , and John McCain was able to narrow the gap , as is happening now - to , at least , a modest degree .
In addition to continuing action on the part of the Senate and Congress on a financial rescue bill , Thursday 's vice presidential debate between Sarah Palin and Joe Biden could potentially have an effect on the horserace .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general election results are based on combined data from Sept. 28 - 30 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,746 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
This Race Goes to 11 - Powell Helps with Indies
Barack Obama is up 11 points on John McCain among likely voters in the new Washington Post - ABC News tracking poll , 54 to 43 percent .
Though little changed from yesterday , Obama 's national lead is now his biggest of the campaign in Post - ABC polling .
Former secretary of state Colin Powell 's endorsement provides a new boost for Obama , who has made significant progress with voters as a leader in international affairs .
But Obama also continues to be lifted by more fundamental advantages , including a 2 to 1 advantage on " helping the middle - class . "
First on Powell - Two in 10 independent voters said they are more inclined to vote for Obama because of Powell 's backing ; 4 percent said they were nudged the other way .
In polling after the Powell nod , Obama trails McCain by 19 - points on the question of who would be a better commander in chief .
But McCain 's advantage as prospective commander in chief is sharply diminished from early September , when he held a whopping 43 - point lead on the question coming out of the nominating conventions .
Of course , the intervening period also includes the three presidential debates and other events that have turned what was then a roughly even race into one with Obama clearly ahead .
And the Powell endorsement does not carry the weight it would have in the 1990s .
In the new poll , 77 percent of voters said it will not sway them this year ; in late 1995 , 55 percent said it would have had an impact during that campaign .
Nevertheless , among those who said Powell sways them toward Obama , nearly six in 10 said the Democrat would be the better commander in chief , while a similarly large proportion of those unmoved by Powell side with McCain on the question .
On the broader question of who would be better on international affairs , it is close to even , with McCain at 49 percent , Obama at 46 percent .
That is only marginally different from a poll a month ago , but significantly worse for McCain than the 14 - point advantage he had following the GOP convention .
Elsewhere in the new poll - Obama leads by about 2 to 1 on health care ( which nudged into the double - digits on the most important issue question ) and on helping the middle class .
No headway on either for McCain as he and the GOP have stepped up their criticisms of Obama on this front .
Obama 's 17 - point advantage on dealing with the economy ( which remains the breakaway top issue ) ties high for the campaign .
He also maintains a lead over McCain on handling taxes , 51 to 43 percent .
At eight - points , Obama 's edge on this question is identical to the one George W. Bush held over John F. Kerry at this stage four years ago .
Eight years ago , Bush was up 13 points on Al Gore in late October .
McCain - Bush -
After ticking below 50 for the first time two days ago , the percentage of voters who see McCain as a continuation of Bush is back to 51 .
Voters again split 51 - 46 on the question of whether McCain would mainly continue in Bush 's direction or chart a new course .
Obama - experience - 56 percent of voters said Obama has the kind of experience it takes to be an effective president , 42 percent said he does not .
Those numbers match his best of the campaign , and are a touch better than the split on Bush 's experience on the eve of the 2000 election ( 52 percent said he had enough experience to be a good president , 44 percent said not ) .
Full trend from today 's release is here .
An online mortgage broker will help anyone who is looking for a suitable mortgage to find one , but without the hassles of doing it all themselves ... read more
Looking for an online Mortgage Broker , but do n't know where to start ?
Here youâ€™ll find a comprehensive directory of professional , experienced and accredited Your Local Finance ( YLF ) mortgage brokers , partners and home loans .
Most importantly , their expertise in the lending market will ensure your application is a convenient , stress - free experience that allows you to borrow with confidence :
No pressure sales .
Take your time getting to know us .
Access low interest rate home loans that are n't even advertised .
Find out instantly which loans will cost you more over the long run .
Stay with the major banks or seek out a non-conforming lenders .
Save time putting your application together .
Get fast pre-approval .
Click to find help in your area :
Our team is ready to assist you with any of your financial goals :
First time home buyer looking for a low interest repayments and easy repayments
Painless refinancing with your current lender
Invest in new and off - the - plan property without paying over - the - top rates
Enjoy life sooner by releasing a little bit of that equity tied up in your home
Take a load off your shoulders and become debt - free sooner
I am so sick and tired of feeling like I can never trust my money with banks .
I do n't just mean in the large scheme investment type way , but instead in a much more local " fuck you really it really hurts " way .
Convenient bank errors and misleading information is so abundant that it 's almost as if they are trying to promote bad accounting .
A time - line : I make two purchases , gas for $ 20 and food for $ 8.23 .
I make two purchases , a $ 1 deli sandwich and a $ 2 slice of pizza , separate debits , same facility , within the same hour .
I deposit $ 152 cash .
It prints a receipt : $ 212 .
I then make a bill payment of $ 130 .
Remaining available balance ?
$ 82 right ?
Haha .
No , that would be sane .
Remaining balance the next day : ( $ 49 ) that is , negative $ 49 .
What ?
Let 's examine what happened here .
The four purchases I made , at separate times are being overdrafted .
The banks logic , " those posted against a negative balance after you made the 130 dollar payment , because your deposit wont be available until the next day .
" My logic :
When you make a debit , that money is put on " hold . "
This is an imaginary space that is supposed to insure to the merchant that you do n't fuck them over .
Basically , it is to stop you from buying a $ 1000 item against a $ 1000 bank account , and then rushing to the ATM and withdrawing $ 1000 .
Even though the purchase has n't cleared , it puts that money on hold so you can't otherwise access it .
With that said , those four purchases should have been on hold , and they were put on hold .
That is , when I made those purchases , my balance , remaining after them , was still positive .
Evidence to this fact is that they did what is called a ' keep the change ' transfer .
Every debit is rounded up ( the 8.20 one to 9.00 ) and the difference is put into my savings account .
So that said , it 's evident that they were held initially against a positive balance .
Come Friday , I make my deposit ( who 's receipt is incredibly misleading .
balance , and by available we do n't mean you ACTUALLY have it available , what the fuck . )
Friday , when I make the purchase , my account goes negative , and somehow , MIRACULOUSLY , Now maybe it 's a coincidence , or maybe it was planned , or maybe it 's common for banks to clear all transactions friday night .
Whatever the case is , that does NOT excuse them for dipping into my HELD funds to try and put money on hold for this new purchase .
Instead , my account should have overdrafted once for the $ 130 purchase .
I should have had a balance of ( $ 70 ) for the night , until my $ 152 deposit cleared the next morning .
This would put me at a positive balance of $ 82 , minus one ( deserved perhaps ) overdraft fee of $ 33 , leaving a positive balance of $ 49 .
And as if all of that were n't enough bullshit to fertilize every rice paddy in Asia , not knowing anything was wrong , on the 11th I made a purchase of almost $ 6 , .
Why are they authorizing debit holds against a negative balance ?
This whole thing is a total brainfuck .
Who the hell designed these systems anyway ?
Why is it my fault that you can't account for money that you have sitting in your ATM's .
Why should I even use a bank ?
I never spent money I did n't earn or technically own , and I am being assfucked on a shitstring of technicalities .
I spoke with the branch manager today and got all of the fees reversed .
Why was it that easy ?
You may not have noticed it , but a couple of weeks ago , the New York Times slipped in a story that completely contradicted a narrative that it had been building up for two straight months , one that was leading America into another war–a so - called “ New Cold War . ”
The article exposed the awful authoritarian reality of Georgia ’s so - called democracy , painting a dark picture of President Mikhail Saakashvili ’s rule that repudiated the fairy tale that the Times and everyone else in the major media had been pushing ever since war broke out in South Ossetia in early August .
That fairy tale went like this : Russia ( evil ) invaded Georgia ( good ) for no reason whatsoever except that Georgia was free .
Putin hates freedom , and Saakashvili is the “ democratically elected leader ” of a “ small , democratic country . ”
Yes , it was only a month ago that we were stupid and crazy enough to think that the United States had no choice but to launch a costly new cold war against a nuclear power , even though we still have n’t closed the deal on a couple of mini-wars against Division - III opponents , and we were on the verge of bankruptcy .
Ah , to be blissfully naïve–and bloodthirsty at the same time –was n’t it wonderful ?
As the South Ossetia war raged in early - and mid-August , the Times published an editorial labeling Georgia ’s invasion as “ Russia ’s War of Ambition “ ; it also published a series of hysterical op - eds , including William Kristol ’s comparing Russia to Nazi Germany ( Hitler ’s charred skull must be spinning in its museum case from being turned into the cheapest cliché in the hack ’s analogy box ) , and another from Svante E. Cornell of the Central Asia - Caucasus Institute at Johns Hopkins –the same corruption - plagued institute that ABC News discovered was taking money from Kazakhstan ’s tyrant for issuing positive reports about that authoritarian oil - rich country .
Cornell ‘s piece argued that Russia attacked Georgia not in response to Georgia ’s invasion of the breakaway South Ossetian province but rather because Russia was just plain evil–and , in the style of evil villains everywhere , Russia had no motive other than to show “ the consequences post - Soviet countries will suffer for standing up to Moscow , conducting democratic reforms and seeking military and economic ties with the West . ”
The hysteria of two months ago already seems so dated and even bizarre , from our mid-meltdown vantage–as if reading the hysteria from a black - and - white era .
And yet even as the hysteria gave way to serious questioning , and that dangerously simple narrative crumbled , the Times never recanted or corrected itself , never even had a fake mea culpa moment as it did after Iraq–an admission that came years too late .
Instead of recanting , the Times took the sly road , slipping an article in between the meltdown stories that essentially told its readers , “ Yeah , we screwed the pooch on Georgia , hope ya did n’t notice , and , uh , have a nice day . ”
Here ’s a taste , from October 7 , 2008 ( “ News Media Feel Limits to Georgia ’s Democracy , ” by Dan Bilefsky and Michael Schwirtz ) :
TBILISI , Georgia–
The cameras at Georgia ’s main opposition broadcaster , Imedi , kept rolling Nov. 7 , when masked riot police officers with machine guns burst into the studio .
They smashed equipment , ordered employees and television guests to lie on the floor and confiscated their cellphones .
A news anchor remained on - screen throughout , describing the mayhem .
Then all went black …
Now , 11 months later , Georgia ’s democratic credentials are again being questioned , and tested , as the country finds itself on the front line of a confrontation between Russia and the West .
Georgia and its American backers , including the Republican and Democratic United States presidential contenders , have presented Georgia as a plucky little democracy in an unstable region , a country deserving of generous aid and NATO membership .
But a growing number of critics inside and outside the country argue that it falls well short of Western democratic standards and cite a lack of press freedom as a glaring example .
It ’s interesting that the Times published this exactly two months after Georgia ’s invasion of South Ossetia–a military decision so off - the - scale idiotic that to call it a “ gamble ” is an insult to struggling addicts like Bill Bennett .
The real question , then , is why the Times waited until this late to question its own position –why wait until the war was long off the front pages , to publish an article about what everyone with an ounce of journalistic curiousity already knew –that Saakashvili was about as much a democrat as he was a military genius ?
The push in the West by outlets like the New York Times and the Washington Post to get a new cold war on hinged on two major fallacies : ( 1 ) that Russia invaded Georgia first , totally unprovoked , because Georgia is a “ democracy ” ; and ( 2 ) , that Georgia is a “ democracy . ”
It ’s as if the Times deliberately forgot what it already reported about Saakashvili last year , after he sent in his goon squads to crush opposition protests :
“ I think that Misha tends toward the authoritarian , ” said Scott Horton , a human rights lawyer in the United States who taught Saakashvili when he was a student at Columbia Law School in the mid-1990s , later hired him at a law firm in New York and has remained friendly with him .
“ I would put it this way : there is a remarkable similarity between Misha and Putin , in terms of their attitudes about presidential prerogatives and authority , ” Horton said .
Like Putin , he added , Saakashvili has marginalized Parliament and taken to belittling the opposition .
Perhaps sensing that the Saakashvili - as - Thomas - Jefferson narrative was a wee bit vulnerable , the Times dug in to protect the other crumbling pillar of this fable : that Russia invaded Georgia first .
Only this could explain its decision to go front - page with an “ although there is no evidence , nevertheless , evidence suggests ” article relying on evidence so absurdly flimsy that it would have made Sean Hannity nervous ( from the edition of September 16 , 2008 , “ Georgia Offers Fresh Evidence on War ’s Start , ” by C.J. Chivers ) :
TBILISI , Georgia–A new front has opened between Georgia and Russia , now over which side was the aggressor whose military activities early last month ignited the lopsided five - day war .
At issue is new intelligence , inconclusive on its own [ bold mine–author ] , that nonetheless paints a more complicated picture of the critical last hours before war broke out ….
Georgia is trying to counter accusations that the long - simmering standoff over South Ossetia , which borders Russia , tilted to war only after it attacked Tskhinvali .
Georgia regards the enclave as its sovereign territory .
Talk about projecting : that last paragraph should have read : “ The New York Times is trying to counter reality ’s looming consequences on the paper ’s damaged credibility . ”
Remember , this article came out long after most Western officials were coming around to the view expressed a few weeks earlier by the US ambassador in Moscow , who admitted that the Russians , rather than invading unprovoked , “ responded to attacks on Russian peacekeepers in South Ossetia , legitimately . ”
I called up a few journalists in Moscow whom I left behind in August to ask them what they thought about this story , and most of them laughed at the Times ‘s “ scoop . ”
“ It was so clearly planted by Saakashvili out of desperation , ” one American journalist told me .
“ I just ca n’t believe the Times is still pushing this line .
Everyone knows he screwed up .
Even if the taped phone calls are real , I ’m sure the Georgians heard chatter like this every week , if not every day .
It ’s embarrassing , really . ”
This was n’t the only “ although there ’s no evidence , evidence suggests ” Georgia articles that the Times pushed .
Of all the Kremlin - villain tales that have become easy sells lately , nothing compares to the tale about the Kremlin allegedly waging “ cyberwar ” against its enemies .
For reasons I can’t understand , American readers are utterly horrified by the idea that a country would do what any group of pimple - faced geeks already does –hacking into or overloading servers and sites to shut them down .
To many Americans , shutting down some boring , poorly translated government site is far more horrifying than , say , bombing weddings .
The “ Kremlin cyberwar ” story is the chupacabra of Kremlin Evil tales –there ’s no evidence that the Kremlin has waged cyberwar , but yet , it ’s so damn scary , and it sells papers , so why not print it ?
The Estonians first tried suckering the West with the cyber - chupacabra a year ago , but subsequent investigation revealed that it was one of those “ unprovables ” at best .
But it ’s a hot story .
So on August 13 , with the Russia - Georgia conflict still hot , the Times , scrambling for a new angle on Russian evil , published this Kremlin chupacabra story , titled “ Before the Gunfire , Cyberattacks : ”
According to Internet technical experts , it was the first time a known cyberattack had coincided with a shooting war … .
Exactly who was behind the cyberattack is not known … .
The evidence on R.B.N. and whether it is controlled by , or coordinating with the Russian government remains unclear .
“ Jumping to conclusions is premature , ” said Mr. Evron , who founded the Israeli Computer Emergency Response Team .
Yeah , but jumping to conclusions is so much fun , Mr. Party Pooper !
Jump forward again to mid-September .
It ’s becoming clear by this time that Saakashvili is neither a democrat nor an innocent victim .
But the Times and other American media were still heavily invested in that narrative , so while they were scrambling around for ways to shore it up , Germany ’s Der Spiegel published an investigative piece – “ Did Saakashvili Lie ?
The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader “ –that showed their American counterparts basic Journalism 1A reporting :
Five weeks after the war in the Caucasus the mood is shifting against Georgian President Saakashvili .
Some Western intelligence reports have undermined Tbilisi ’s version of events , and there are now calls on both sides of the Atlantic for an independent investigation .
This story was published the same day as the Times ‘s “ exposé ” about phone conversations that the Georgians allegedly taped allegedly showing that Russia invaded first–even though everyone had already abandoned that theory .
Der Spiegel ‘s piece is an in - depth investigation spanning countries , viewpoints and organizations .
For the Times , “ investigation ” meant taking some tape cassettes from Saakashvili ’s desk and reporting them on the front pages .
If this was n’t bad enough , a few days later even Condi Rice gave a speech blaming Georgia for starting the war ( couched in a larger condemnation of Russian overreaction ) .
The timing could n’t have been worse : the Times had just been caught with its Saakashvili - enamored pants down in a way that even its competitors had managed to avoid .
Soon they would be facing a massive credibility reckoning .
This was something I was looking forward to .
Ever since I went down to South Ossetia to see the war for myself , I ’d developed a kind of sick curiosity to see just how the Times and all the others were going to extricate themselves from the credibility - hole they ’d dug .
I had a feeling it was going to come , because Saakashvili was not only a blatant liar but an incredibly bad liar .
I was in South Ossetia at the close of the war–I saw the destruction that the “ freedom - loving ” Georgians wreaked , and the bloated , rotting corpses on the streets of the province ’s capital city , Tskhinvali–so I was particularly interested in how long the sleazy tale of good vs. evil would last , and how the major media would squirm their way out of their biggest journalistic fiasco since the Iraqi - WMD blooper .
Would the Times let their ombudsman out of the cage for another fake apology ?
“ Oops !
Who ’da thunk our esteemed newspaper coulda screwed up this big twice in a row , dragging America into yet another war all on account of our inability to do our job as journalists ?!
Look , we just want to say we ’re sorry and move on , m’kay ?
So , have you moved on yet ?
Because we have . ”
And this is where the secular - humanist god of the liberal media intervened .
The Times and everyone else who peddled the neocon / Saakashvili line was saved from facing up to their colossal failure by an even bigger disaster , the worst disaster to hit this country since 9/11 : the global economic meltdown .
Someone ’s prayers were answered .
One of the prayer kingdom ’s biggest secrets is how common these “ I hope a disaster comes and saves me ” whispers are .
For example , when I was a college student , every time finals week approached , I wanted to get hit by a car .
Final exams meant facing the unbearable shame of four wasted months .
So I ’d slip on my headphones , zig off of the sidewalk and zag into Berkeley ’s traffic - clogged streets like an unleashed Irish setter , waiting for some hippie to splatter me on his VW van windshield .
If it meant spending the next twenty years on a feeding tube , that seemed a fair tradeoff .
But the hippie drivers , with their insane respect for pedestrians , would n’t cooperate .
Like the evangelical Christian ’s apocalypse , my prayed - for mega - disaster that would save me from my private mini - disaster never arrived .
In that sense , the Times and all the other Saakashvili pom-pom -ers were lucky : the VW van that never hit me during finals week leveled the entire planet ’s financial well - being , saving journalism ’s biggest names from owning up to their failure .
And the unmistakable evidence for this failure just keeps pouring in : today , for example , Reporters Without Borders ranked Georgia near the bottom of its press freedom index–well below notoriously despotic nations like Tajikistan , Gabon and even Hugo Chávez ’s villainous Venezuela .
So yes , thank [ NAME OF OMNISCIENT BEING ] for the financial meltdown , because even though it may mean pink slips for many of the reporters and editors who screwed up the Georgia story , I have a funny feeling that when they ’re standing in the soup kitchen line a few months from now , they ’ll be thinking with relief , “ Homelessness may suck , but it ’s a small price to pay for avoiding the colossal shame I was about to face over the Georgia war story .
Thank you , global depression !
You ’ve made this journalist happy ! ”
This article first appeared in The Nation .
Buy his book Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion .
This meal symbolized , rather than replicated , the first Plymouth celebration .
Where Plymouth had feared starvation , Hale assumed easy abundance , replacing hunted and foraged foods with those from the nation ’s bountiful farms .
She insisted upon pumpkin pie and many other dishes unknown to the first celebrants , who rejoiced over what they ’d been able to grow , rather than what they had chosen to eat .
Hale ’s was the new domestic ideal .
Still , Twain ’s menu suggests that wild foods continued to give American cuisine its unmistakable character .
On Thanksgiving , Twain wanted a domestic turkey , with cranberry sauce and stuffing .
But every Christmas , he delighted in the gift of a brace of prairie hens a dear friend sent him by rail from the Illinois tall grass .
Even some farmed foods had recent wild roots , such as the cranberries first cultivated a mere half - century earlier .
Though the majority of foods in Twain ’s day were domestic , the wild ones were distinct and wonderful , rooting meals in the natural world as cultivated things never could .
His menu celebrated the amazingly varied landscapes of an entire nation .
Shad from Connecticut , mussels from San Francisco , brook trout from the Sierras and partridges from Missouri all found their place alongside apple dumplings , Southern - style egg bread , “ American toast , ” and strawberries , which were “ not to be doled out as if they were jewelry , but in a more liberal way . ”
In a sense , Twain ’s menu was a biographical sketch , for during a lifetime of travel he had eaten each and every one of the wild foods near its source .
But it was also a portrait of what American food could be at its best : a cuisine with a deep sense of place , reflecting a splendid jumble of national landscapes and the people who lived in and off them .
The Pilgrims appreciated wild foods for their contribution to survival ; Twain , for their taste and their hold on his memory .
All saw the foods as fundamental to the America they knew .
None would have imagined that many would one day be seen as curiosities .
Reports that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints is a big supporter of Proposition 8 should sadden all Mormons .
Based on the unique history of Mormons , there is no religious group in our country that should be more tolerant of “ nontraditional ” forms of marriage than those of us whose ancestors were polygamist Mormons , who were persecuted because of their “ nontraditional ” marriages .
Have today ’s Latter - day Saints forgotten that in the 19th century , our ancestors were violently and relentlessly attacked for their “ peculiar institution ” ?
Have they forgotten that they pleaded for understanding and tried in vain to prove that they were good parents ?
Have they forgotten that Utah territory gave our great - great - grandmothers the right to vote in part to prove that they were not downtrodden , and that these ancestors prayed to the Lord for the protection of “ celestial marriage ” against the hatred directed at Mormons ?
Our polygamous ancestors were accused of being incapable of providing loving homes for their children .
Who knows better than we do that this was untrue ?
Who can deny that our “ nontraditional ” ancestors left a heritage of hardworking , high - achieving progeny .
And yet the fallacy that “ nontraditional ” marriages erode and destroy family values is one of the main attacks being used against gay and lesbian couples by LDS proponents of Proposition 8 .
Most Mormons today would concede that much of the continuing prejudice against the LDS church persists because of our history of “ nontraditional ” marriage , even though 118 years have passed since the church abandoned polygamy .
Still , what religious group has known more hatred and persecution in America than our families ?
And it lingers .
Have today ’s Mormons not learned to fight against prejudice and the vilification of people who happen to be different ?
Advertisement
Returning to my Mormon roots as a historian has deepened my appreciation for , and gratitude to , my ancestors -- for their struggles and their sacrifices that living in “ nontraditional ” marriages demanded .
My great - great - grandfather was jailed for his marriage , a history that I share with so many practicing Mormons .
Given the Mormon experience , why are today ’s Latter - day Saints not in the vanguard of pleading for acceptance , equal rights and compassion for all Americans ?
They should be standing up in opposition to Proposition 8 , knowing that loving homes and good parenting can come equally from “ nontraditional ” or “ traditional ” marriages .
By Eugene Robinson - November 4 , 2008
WASHINGTON --
Whoever wins this election , I understand what Barack Obama meant when he said his faith in the American people had been " vindicated " by his campaign 's success .
I understand what Michelle Obama meant , months ago , when she said she was " proud of my country " for the first time in her adult life .
Why should they be immune to the astonishment and vertigo that so many other African - Americans are experiencing ?
Why should n't they have to pinch themselves to make sure they are n't dreaming , the way that I do ?
I know there 's a possibility that the polls are wrong .
I know there 's a possibility that white Americans , when push comes to shove , wo n't be able to bring themselves to elect a black man as president of the United States .
But the spread in the polls is so great that the Bradley effect would n't be enough to make Obama lose ; it would take a kind of " Dr. Strangelove effect " in which voters ' hands developed a will of their own .
I 'm being facetious but not unserious .
In my gut , I know there 's a chance that the first African - American to make a serious run for the presidency will lose .
But that is precisely what 's new , and , in a sense , unsettling : I 'm talking about possibility , not inevitability .
For African - Americans , at least those of us old enough to have lived through the civil rights movement , this is nothing short of mind - blowing .
It 's disorienting , and it makes me see this nation in a different light .
You see , I remember a time of separate and unequal schools , restrooms and water fountains -- a time when black people were officially second - class citizens .
I remember moments when African - Americans were hopeful and excited about the political process , and I remember other moments when most of us were depressed and disillusioned .
But I can't think of a single moment , before this year , when I thought it was within the realm of remote possibility that a black man could be nominated for president by one of the major parties -- let alone that he would go into Election Day with a better - than - even chance of winning .
Let me clarify :
It 's not that I would have calculated the odds of an African - American being elected president and concluded that this was unlikely , it 's that I would n't even have thought about such a thing .
African - Americans ' love of country is deep , intense and abiding , but necessarily complicated .
At its hour of its birth , the nation was already stained by the Original Sin of slavery .
Only in that past several decades has legal racism been outlawed and casual racism made unacceptable , at least in polite company .
Millions of black Americans have managed to pull themselves up into mainstream , middle - class affluence , but millions of others remain mired in poverty and dysfunction .
A few black Americans broke through into the highest echelons of American society .
Oprah Winfrey became the most powerful woman in the entertainment industry by appealing to an audience that is mostly white .
Richard Parsons , Stanley O'Neal and others became alpha males in the lily - white world of Wall Street .
Through superhuman skill and unbending will , Tiger Woods came to dominate a sport long seen as emblematic of white privilege .
Along came Barack Obama , a young man with an unassailable resume and a message of post - racial transformation .
Initially , a big majority of African - Americans lined up behind his major opponent in the Democratic primaries , Hillary Clinton .
The reason was simple :
In the final analysis , white Americans were n't going to vote for the black guy .
Better to go with the safe alternative .
But an amazing thing happened .
In the Iowa caucuses , white Americans voted for the black guy .
That 's the moment Obama was referring to when he said his faith in the American people was vindicated .
For me , it was the moment when the utterly impossible became merely unlikely .
That 's a huge , fundamental change , and it launched a sequence of events over the subsequent months that made me realize that some things I " knew " about America were apparently wrong .
Even if John McCain somehow prevails , that wo n't change the fact that Obama won all those primaries , or that he won the nomination , or that he raised more money than any candidate in history , or that he rewrote the book on how to run a presidential campaign .
Nothing can change the fact that so many white Americans entrusted a black American with their hopes and dreams .
We can all have a new kind of pride in our country .
Race moves into high gear as McCain tops two polls Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday September 8 , 2008
Print This Email This
The US presidential election moved into high gear Monday as two new opinion polls showed Republican John McCain taking the lead over Democratic rival Barack Obama .
McCain , a decorated war hero who based much of his early campaign on the strength of his experience , wrestled last week for Obama 's mantle of change with the help of his surprise vice presidential pick Sarah Palin .
A USA Today / Gallup survey showed McCain ahead of Obama 50 percent to 46 percent among registered voters , a turnaround from a previous poll taken by the newspaper just before last week 's Republican National Convention .
That poll had McCain trailing Obama by seven percentage points .
Twenty - nine percent of the respondents said selection of Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as the Republican vice presidential nominee had made them more likely to vote for McCain on November 4 , and 21 percent said their vote in support of the Republican ticket was now less likely .
US Vice President Dick Cheney called Palin 's nomination and her convention speech " superb . "
A separate Gallup daily tracking poll found McCain had moved into a 48 to 45 percent lead ahead of the November 4 election -- his best performance since May .
Experts attributed the McCain rebound to his party 's convention and the surprise naming of Alaska governor Palin .
" He 's in a far better position than his people imagined he would be in at this point , " political scientist Larry Sabato of the University of Virginia was quoted by USA Today as saying .
McCain and Palin vowed to use their history of fighting corruption to shake up Washington at a series of campaign stops after the Republican National Convention .
" In politics , there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers , and then there are those like John McCain , who use their careers to promote change , " Palin told cheering crowds in Wisconsin .
" We 're going to win this election and let me offer a little advance warning to the old big spending , do - nothing me - first country second Washington crowd : change is coming .
Change is coming , " McCain said the next day in Colorado .
Obama ridiculed McCain 's promise of change and hammered the Arizona senator on the limping US economy , saying the Republican represented no change from Bush .
" John McCain , who is a good man and has a compelling biography , has embraced and adopted the George Bush economic platform , " Obama said on ABC television .
The Illinois senator argued that voters would realize that the election was a choice between a new direction and discredited Republican policies .
" If they like what they 've had over the last eight years , then they 'll go with McCain .
And if they do n't like it , hopefully they 'll go with me , " he said .
Obama 's running mate Senator Joseph Biden called McCain 's commitment to change " malarkey . "
" Tell me one single thing they 're going to do on the economy , foreign policy , taxes , that is going to be change , " Biden said on NBC .
The Democrats have had a hard time targeting Palin , who is popular among conservatives and has garnered public sympathy in the wake of the media 's response to news that her 17 - year - old daughter was pregnant and planned to keep the baby .
Senator Hillary Clinton , who narrowly lost the Democratic primary and was incredibly popular among white women , has refused to criticize Palin even though the McCain campaign has actively targeted her disgruntled supporters .
Clinton , who has kept a low profile since she dramatically ceded to Obama at the Democratic National Convention in August , is expected to attack McCain at three events in Florida Monday .
McCain has been sharp in his criticism of Obama , warning Sunday that his rival did not have good " judgment " or a record of challenging his own party 's dogma .
" He never took on his party on a single major issue , I have taken them on a lot , " McCain said on CBS .
" I think I can make a strong case that whatever the issue , he does n't have the judgment . "
Neither headliners held rallies Sunday although McCain and Palin introduced themselves to voters at a Mexican restaurant in New Mexico and a barbecue joint in Missouri and Biden spoke at a Montana high school .
The Republican candidates had a rally planned in Missouri and a fundraising dinner in Obama 's hometown of Chicago on Monday .
Obama had two rallies planned in Michigan on Monday and another in Virginia on Tuesday .
Biden was due to be in Wisconsin and Iowa on Monday .
By Dave Lindorff
The idea of bailing out Wall Street for the results of a decade or more of greedy and even criminal behavior , using almost $ 1 trillion in borrowed money that will jeopardize everything from Social Security to school funding to medical research , and further drive the dollar into the ditch , can not be justified .
The president has tried to stampede Congress into throwing this colossal pile of money at the bankers who caused the crisis , by using fear - mongering , instead of by following President Franklin Roosevelt 's example of urging calm and coming up with a sensible response .
Congress , which is beholden to Wall Street 's bankers because of all the campaign funds they bestow on its members , Republican and Democrat , is buying into the president 's nonsense .
But like lipstick on a pig , no amount of window dressing , such as protection for homeowners facing foreclosure or limits on bank executive pay , can make this bailout acceptable .
This proposal is simply out and out theft from taxpayers to reward bankers and investors who have been on a binge for too long .
There are plenty of things that can be done to rebuild the economy and protect the public without rewarding the crooks and gamblers who created this mess .
Meanwhile , the American people need to make it clear that we will not allow this disastrous ripoff to occur .
The answer is to finally tell Congress that we 're holding them accountable .
No one who votes for a massive bailout of Wall Street gets re-elected .
No one .
How do we do it ?
Go to this website :
www.ThrowThemAllOut.com
and start a non-partisan viral campaign to get every voter to reject any senator or representative who supports the bailout .
________________
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - base journalist and columnist .
His latest book is " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin 's Press , 2006 and now available in paperback edition ) .
His work is available at www.thiscantbehappening.net
Black Magic SEO
“ Abracadabra . ” – Alfred Borden , The Prestige
There is a bit of truth to this Ranked Hard .
No , there is n’t any sorcery being performed , but I have had more than a few phone calls from potential clients that have spoken with other SEO companies that have gotten similar responses .
We are very forthcoming with how we will achieve better rankings in the search engines and as most reputable SEO firms will admit , it is n’t overly complicated .
Good content and solid link building are the foundation of any good SEO campaign .
Unfortunately , many SEO companies will say things like , “ It ’s too complicated to get into , ” or “ We ca n’t share or SEO techniques . ”
When I hear that I immediately tell the perspective client to be very suspicious .
When an SEO company is n’t willing to share their methods , it is usually because they have no methods to share or else they are doing things they wish to hide .
Or , maybe they are practicing Black Magic SEO , who knows ?
– Shell Harris , Big Oak SEO
Black Magic SEO Poster
Want to have this as a poster hanging in your office ?
Head over to our Ranked Hard store and buy a Black Magic SEO print .
CIO.com has published several stories that examined the sometimes volatile , often misunderstood and never dull relationship between CIOs and application developers — from " 9 Reasons Why Application Developers Think Their CIO Is Clueless " to " 8 Reasons Why a Developer Would NEVER Want To Be a CIO " to " Getting Clueful : 7 Things CIOs Should Know About Agile Development . "
MORE ON CIO.com
9 Reasons Why Application Developers Think Their CIO Is Clueless
8 Reasons Why a Developer Would NEVER Want To Be a CIO
Getting Clueful : The CIO Series
Those articles were presented solely from the programmer 's viewpoint , however .
We wanted to give the bosses — CIOs and IT leaders who perhaps were irked by the " clueless " label — a chance to respond .
Because , certainly , developers can be out - of - touch too — just in different ways .
CIO.com asked IT leaders what they wish developers knew so that the programmers do n't appear clueless to the rest of the organization .
The bosses ' responses , gathered from eight CIOs and IT managers and which have been anonymously condensed , show that many developers need to gain the bigger - picture view of their organizations to appreciate the challenges of those " clueless " CIOs .
" It turns out that the concepts of business strategy bear repeating , " observes one IT director .
" Developers get so heads - down in the minutiae of coding that they forget about the 40,000 - foot view of the business . "
1. Developers Do n't Think Practically
Developers often look for an elegant or slick solution to a problem , but they do n't always look for the practical one .
" I 've had developers that will go to any lengths to write something instead of buying it , even if their hours cost more initially , plus upgrades and testing each and every time the data base or interfaces change , " notes one CIO .
" I rid myself of one of those [ developers ] recently . "
This CIO retells a story : " I had to fire a developer who never had an error when his program compiled ; he desk - checked [ the application ] so many times to assure himself ( and it was a source of his pride ) there were no errors .
The compilers had error checking routines to do much of the same thing .
His programs were elegant , but he got fired for scarcity of output .
Others who used the compiler testing were completing 300 percent of his output , but he just could n't give up his opinion of the correct way to do it . "
2. Developers Still Do n't See the End - User Perspective
Solving business problems is more complex than everyone imagines , says one CIO .
But to IT management , the business unit and the development team , these problems often appear quite easy to solve .
" Getting your development team to truly see the world from the end - user perspective is important and much harder than you would think , " notes the CIO .
" The developers need to learn to quickly empathize with the end users ' needs and issues — and attack the solution from that perspective . "
Adds an IT director : " Personally , it is surprising to me that most of the developers that I work with still have no sense of the user experience .
A development team can create an application that does everything from balance your checkbook to burning your toast , but if the user interface sucks , no one will use it — period .
No amount of training or re-training will make users sign on to an application with a difficult UI .
That simple concept seems to be a struggle for developers to understand . "
Another CIO adds : " As a developer , I want to add as much functionality as rapidly as possible to keep users happy , " says the CIO .
" As a CIO I want the users to still be happy five years from now , which takes a bit more upfront planning . "
3. Developers Ca n't Get Away from the " Wow " Factor
Developers love the " cool " or " wow " factor of applications .
CIOs seek stability and standardization .
" It 's more efficient to be on one platform than to spread your resources thin over many because you bring in the best new tool without retiring the legacy , " says a CIO .
Another CIO points to the dire need to build applications for reliability and scalability .
" Many business owners have a short attention span and limited patience .
We need to engineer applications for rapid performance under maximum load , " the CIO says .
" An application with fewer features that is completely stable and fast is better than a full - featured application that is unreliable and slow . "
" I 'm less concerned about cool technology or wow factor , " the CIO adds , " and am more concerned that the finished application supports the required business processes . "
