mooney tackles the anti-vaxers .
well , sort of …
After failing to fix science education , Chris Mooney is taking his failed approach to the vaccine manufactroversy .
Say what you will about Chris Mooney , but where he excels is in consistency .
He has the same solution to just about every problem between scientists and crackpots , and he ’s not afraid to suggest it again and again with absolutely no details or regard for the nature of the conflict he wants to resolve .
Previously , he ’s done this with the evolution / creationism manufactroversy and scientific literacy .
Now , after managing not to resolve either problem and missing the fact that blaming scientists for a culture which rejects science and expertise as a manifestation of elitist snobbery does n’t actually accomplish anything , he ’s off to make friends with the anti- vaxers and implore doctors and epidemiologists to build bridges with zealots who demonize their critics as baby - eating monsters .
Really , it seems that Chris is firmly committed not to learn from his past mistakes …
After profiling the anti-vaccination movement that blames vaccines for every pediatric evil in the world and their long record of conspiracy mongering , one would think that Mooney , of all people , would know full well that a negotiation with the likes of J.B. Handley , Jenny McCarthy and Lyn Redwood would be futile .
I could argue that it would be like trying to explain the validity of evolutionary theory to someone like Ray Comfort , but Mooney has already proposed doing just that to combat creationist influence in schools .
And it ’s in this obliviousness that he suggests an exercise in building communicational bridges to nowhere …
I believe we need some real attempts at bridge - building between medical institutions , which , let ’s admit it , can often seem remote and haughty , and the leaders of the anti-vaccination movement .
We need to get people in a room and try to get them to agree about something — anything .
We need to encourage moderation , and break down a polarized situation in which the anti-vaccine crowd essentially rejects modern medical research based on the equivalent of conspiracy theory thinking , even as mainstream doctors just shake their heads at [ their ] scientific cluelessness .
This is really classic Mooney .
He proclaims that the scientific establishment seems distant and aloof and as soon as we get any kind of a consensus on anything going , there will be a huge cascade effect as those who throw temper tantrums the instant you tell them than we ’re not vaccinating kids too soon or too much , or that autism may might have genetic causes , will suddenly see the light of science .
It ’s not going to happen .
They are far too invested in their worldview and there are too many quacks and cranks making millions off selling a whole range of snake oil concoctions and remedies to “ cure autism ” by exploiting their fears .
Autism quackery is a big business and it fuels anti-vax hysteria .
Try and remove the likes of Joe Mercola or Andy Wakefield and his woo crew in Texas off their perch , and they ’ll fight back with even more disinformation because they have a mortgage to pay and families to feed .
Likewise , we have to admit that sometimes science is complicated and just because scientific institutions seem remote , it ’s not always the scientists ’ fault .
Yes , there ’s always jargon , science - speak or academese standing in the way of easy explanations in almost any field of scientific research .
However , not everything lends itself to an easy ten to fifteen minute explanation because some of the concepts require years of study .
In my own experience , anything that has to do with AI or intelligent agents in computer science is awfully hard to condense in simple terms just because of the scope that has to be covered for a truly comprehensive discussion and each subset of AI theory has to branch out in several different directions , affecting a wide range of disciplines .
That scope makes the topic exciting and very rewarding , but it can also lead to quite a bit of confusion .
And topics in medicine and biology are n’t any easier to explain .
Besides , if those of us either studying to be scientists or with fully fledged PhD ’s could summarize everything we do and study in an afternoon or two , why would we spend so much time buried in books , tests and labs ?
Grad school would be over in a month instead of between two and seven years .
In any case of crankery , scientists and experts are dealing with people who formed very strong opinions on an impressive range of subject matter they know very little about .
To explain to them that they have it wrong could only result in their rejection of the explanation .
Instead of being used to endless critique and take it as a given that their conclusions will be debated , they take it as a deep personal insult that someone dares question a worldview they hold near and dear .
Rather than listen to the experts , they ’re going to be advancing their own agendas and rebelling against any skeptical thought or inquiry into their actions .
To suggest otherwise , is the kind of typical Mooney argument we ’ve seen in the Unscientific America debacle .
His suggestions for all those involved in a big public dustup over science to sit around a campfire and sing Kumbaya , are born from a lack of consideration for the psychology of both sides and the environment from which they come , and if they really worked , he would n’t even have to write about militant anti-vaxers and creationists in the first place .
Thousands of South Africans and political leaders paid tribute to freedom - fighter and world peace crusader Nelson Mandela last week in commemorating the 20th anniversary of his release from prison .
In an emotional re-enactment thousands of prominent members of the African National Congress and supporters marched out of the gates of Victor Verster Thursday , near Cape Town , the last prison where Mandela was held .
Mandela , 91 , known as Madiba , his clan name , made a special appearance during the country ’s opening parliament of the National Assembly in Cape Town later that same day where he was honored .
“ President Mandela united this country behind the goal of a nonsexist , nonracial democratic and prosperous South Africa , ” said President Jacob Zuma Thursday .
“ We should reflect on how far we have traveled as a country , ” he said .
Mandela ’s life work should inspire us not to rest until we achieve the ideals of a society free of poverty and deprivation , said Zuma .
In the two decades since the Mandela ’s release “ our country has changed fundamentally , ” he said .
Mandela was set free on Feb. 10 , 1990 by then - President F.W. de Klerk after spending 27 years in prison .
Mandela went on to lead South Africa in the last remaining years of the nations peaceful revolution from apartheid to democracy .
He became a living symbol of the struggle against the racist system , which was enacted when he was 30 years old .
Apartheid was a brutal system of enforced segregation where 4 million whites oppressed 25 million blacks , Asians and non-whites .
Born in 1918 in the Eastern Cape village of Transkei , Mandela was expected to become a traditional advisor to the chief of the 2.6 million - strong Thembu nation .
He was sent to English schools and given the name “ Nelson . ”
Becoming an activist with the African National Congress Mandela led a general strike in 1950 .
He was later charged with treason in the longest trial in South African history .
After police killed 60 black protestors in the Sharpeville massacre , the ANC radicalized and Mandela formed the military wing becoming its first commander in 1961 .
Soon after the ANC was banned along with other organizations .
By 1962 , Mandela was imprisoned for inciting a strike and sentenced in 1964 to life in prison .
Mandela credits imprisonment with strengthening his character giving him focus , and personal reconciliation with his white captors , which became a theme in his life
Before he was jailed Mandela is remembered as saying , “ I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination .
I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons will live together in harmony , and with equal opportunities .
It is an ideal , which I hope to live for , and to see realized .
But if need be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . ”
Nearly three decades later Mandela was finally set free at the age of 76 .
Four years later South Africa held its first democratic elections in 1994 ending white racist rule .
Mandela became the country ’s first black president by a landslide .
Mandela was instrumental in helping lead the country ’s peaceful racial reconciliation process after the apartheid regime .
his promotion of South Africa ’s rugby team during the 1995 World Cup endeared him to many whites and symbolized his role in building bridges and to move beyond the country ’s dark past , as documented in the recently released film “ Invictus . ”
Mandela also helped in bringing soccer ’s World Cup to South Africa , which is scheduled later this year .
He served one term and retired from political life in 1999 , establishing the Nelson Mandela Foundation to fight poverty , AIDS and illiteracy in Africa .
Since 1994 Mandela ’s presidency and the ANC party has reduced the number of South Africans living in poverty , built houses and schools and continues to deliver basic resources to blacks who suffered under apartheid .
Despite 17 years of economic growth South Africa has endured major setbacks due to the global economic downturn that erupted last year .
Critics note unemployment remains above 20 percent and millions of blacks continue to live in shanty towns with little access to running water , electricity or health care .
The nation ’s HIV - AIDS infection rate continues to be among the highest in the world .
Given the country ’s current economic and social challenges and 20 years after Mandela ’s release many South Africans agree the former apartheid nation has come a long way .
Photo : AP Schalk van Zuydam , Former South African president Nelson Mandela waves inside Parliament at Cape Town , South Africa , Feb. 11 .
Countless Star
Trek fans have dreamed about owning their own phaser , and while Wikipedia lists it as a " fictional weapon , " one enterprising ( rim shot ) gentleman decided not to let anyone else tell him what can and cannot be real , and transformed a 1994 Playmates replica of the phaser from the classic " Star Trek " series into a 320 mA – 465 mW laser device , complete with appropriate sound effect .
He 's even got a tutorial to help you build your own , and while this may not be as dangerous as the " real " thing -- e.g. able to burrow tunnels through solid rock and disintegrate hostile aliens -- there 's a video of the guy popping balloons with the beam , so it 's not a joke , particularly if you shoot it into someone 's eyes .
Remember :
Once you add actual lasers to a toy , it 's not a toy anymore , so do n't point it at any living things , ok ?
By Steven Goddard
As reported on WUWT , NOAA is warning of “ earlier snowmelt and extended ice - free seasons . ”
But what NOAA is n’t saying is that snow is falling earlier and heavier in the Northern Hemisphere .
Rutgers University Global Snow Lab has reported that January was the sixth snowiest on record , and that six out of the last eight Januaries were above normal snowfall .
January , 2008 saw the second greatest snow extent ever recorded .
December was the third snowiest on record in the Northern Hemisphere and seventeen out of last twenty - one Decembers were above normal snowfall .
November was above normal snowfall and fifteen out of the last nineteen Novembers have had above average snowfall .
October was the sixth snowiest October on record and seven out of the last ten Octobers have had above average snowfall .
Source : Rutgers University Global Snow Lab
The data shows unequivocally that snow is coming earlier and heavier than it used to .
Perhaps the snow season is shifting , rather than shortening ?
NOAA ’s failure to mention this is negligent at best .
As far as their claim of “ extended ice free seasons ” goes , Roger Pielke Sr. has reported :
The finding in this data is that there is no clear evidence of a delay in the start of the later summer / early fall freeze up or [ an earlier ] start of the late winter / early spring melt despite the well below average areal sea ice coverage .
So why is n’t NOAA highlighting the other half of the story ?
Do readers have any ideas ?
What NOAA Is n’t Saying About Snow and Ice As reported on WUWT , NOAA is warning of “ earlier snowmelt and extended ice - free seasons . ”
But what NOAA is n’t saying is that snow is falling earlier and heavier in the Northern Hemisphere .
Rutgers University Global Snow Lab has reported that January was the sixth snowiest on record , and that six out of the last eight Januaries were above normal snowfall .
January , 2008 saw the second greatest snow extent ever recorded .
December was the third snowiest on record in the Northern Hemisphere and seventeen out of last twenty - one Decembers were above normal snowfall .
November was above normal snowfall and fifteen out of the last nineteen Novembers have had above average snowfall .
October was the sixth snowiest October on record and seven out of the last ten Octobers have had above average snowfall .
Source : Rutgers University Global Snow Lab
The data shows unequivocally that snow is coming earlier and heavier than it used to .
Perhaps the snow season is shifting , rather than shortening ?
NOAA ’s failure to mention this is negligent at best .
As far as their claim of “ extended ice free seasons ” goes , Roger Pielke Sr. has reported :
The finding in this data is that there is no clear evidence of a delay in the start of the later summer / early fall freeze up or [ an earlier ] start of the late winter / early spring melt despite the well below average areal sea ice coverage .
So why is n’t NOAA highlighting the other half of the story ?
Do readers have any ideas ?
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Still , JSON looks much more lightweight for interchange .
I 'm especially pleased that native parsing support is making it into the next round of browser versions , which hopefully will improve its uptake and therefore available tools .
So , in the end , I stopped working on the XML parser and started working on a JSON parser instead .
First , it 's so much easier to work off of a spec that essentially fits on one page and does n't have spaghetti hyperlinks like a Choose Your Own Derivation Adventure book .
Second , it 's so much simpler .
Names ?
Parsed just like strings , which can contain every character except a backslashes and control codes .
Entities ?
Just a reduced set of C - like escapes in strings , and thankfully sans octal .
Comments ?
None .
Processing instructions ?
None .
Normalization ?
None .
And as a bonus , it 's ideal for serializing property sets or tables .
The JSON parser and DOM combined was less than half the size of the XML parser at under 1 K lines and took less than a day total to write , and half of that is just UTF - 8/16/32 input code ( surrogates suck ) .
All of this adds up to a lot of flexibility and thus overhead that simply is n't necessary for most uses of XML that I 've seen .
For those of who say who cares and modern systems are fast , I 'd like to remind you that every piece of complexity is a piece that can go wrong in terms of an export / import failing , a parser glitch turning into an exploit , or a source of stability problems .
This can be true even with a parser that is 100 % compliant with the standard if the parser does not have guards against infinite expansion or parser recursion depth .
It 'd be so much easier if someone would just go through and strip down XML to an " embedded subset " that only contains what most programmers really think is XML and actually use , but I do n't see this happening any time soon .
I have to say , my opinion of XML has dropped several notches in the process ( er , lower than it already was ) , and I 'm convinced that we need a major revision or a replacement .
I got as far as having a working non-validating , internal - subset - only parser that passed all of the applicable tests in the XML test suite , but after writing more than 2000 lines of code just for the parser and not having even started the DOM yet , I had already run into the following :
And yet , one of the advantages of XML is that it keeps people from creating their own interchange formats , which are typically far more broken .
Since I occasionally do need to import and export little bits of metadata , I wanted to see just how much would be involved in having a little XML parser on the side .
It would n't need to be terribly fast , as we 're talking about a couple of kilobytes of data at most being parsed on a fast CPU , but it would need to be small to be usable .
And I just wanted to see if I could do it .
So I sat down with the XML 1.0 spec , and started writing a parser .
I 've had an increasing interest in language parsers ever since I got to the point of parsing algebraic infix expressions and simple C - like languages .
I 've written about XML annoyances before , but I do n't actually have much occasion to work with XML at the code level , because :
Comments
Comments posted :
This comment is kind of off - topicPersonally , I love these blogs , they 're always interesting ( even the bits over my head ) Couple the blogs with the updates etc to virtualdub and it gives an interesting overview of your programming likes / dislikes I 'm going to bet you HATE working on gui interfaces ;-) That was something like 2 days ( ?? ) on a challenge , but not 5 minutes on the gui - oh the humanity of it all On topic though , xml , it 's the old joke about a camel
karl - 01 01 10 - 21:12
darn , the bracketted ' sobs ' were stripped out !!now it looks like whine !!
karl - 01 01 10 - 21:14
Wait ... JSON does n't allow a BOM ?
I 'm pretty sure it is to be treated as a zero - width non-breaking space if you do n't handle it specially , which means " can go anywhere whitespace is legal " .
I 'm pretty sure it is implicitly allowed , json.org does say : " Whitespace can be inserted between any pair of tokens . "
nielsm - 01 01 10 - 23:44
JSON is good , but there 's something even better : Lua .
Embrace Lua for everything , from configuration files to scripting / vdub batch jobs , to full - blown high - level programming of your core software .
( Not CPU emulation or blend / blit inner loops of course , but almost everything else . )
You 'll thank me in a year or so :-)
Ivan -Assen Ivanov - 02 01 10 - 00:41
Have you looked at YAML ?
JSON is basically just a subset of YAML , using the full blown format you can get much nicer formatting and comments .
There are also several parsers available for different languages .
Blacktiger - 02 01 10 - 02:31
google for rapidxml
guga40 k - 02 01 10 - 04:30
Actually you do n't really need a real BOM , as there is an " implied " BOM , according to the RFC : See 3 .
Encoding
Then there is ECMAScript 5 , which specifies JSON ( again : p ) .
AndThe ECMAScript 5 spec even tells you what Unicode must be used in section 6 .
So to be on the save side you should be checking for both , a BOM and / or the RFC way .
About the duplicate names :
The RFC indeed only states " The names within an object SHOULD be unique " .
But ECMAScript 5 , OTOH , states " In the case where there are duplicate name Strings within an object , lexically preceding values for the samekey shall be overwritten . " , so you can use that .
About the production for numbers :
They are basically all IEEE floats .
Just look how XSchema defines the float type ;)
Nils - 02 01 10 - 05:42
Personally I never worked with XML and from the horror stories I heard here and on http://www.thedailywtf.com, I think I 'm rather lucky :)
It 's good to see that people see that strict XML is a major nuisance and try to implement more lightweight formats inestead .
ggn - 02 01 10 - 06:16
-- Jamie Zawinskis/ regular expressions /XML
Jon ( link ) - 02 01 10 - 06:24
If you are looking to write these config files by hand and not just as a program interchange , use the superset of JSON , YAML .
It has pythonic whitespace indentation , and if you do n't like their syntax you can fall back to JSON and it just works .
Here is an online parser to play with http://yaml-online-parser.appspot.com/
Paul Tarjan ( link ) - 02 01 10 - 07:53
This is a very odd critique .
Writing an XML parser might be hard , but who cares ?
Every major programming language provides an XML parser for you , and most of them provide more than one .
Lets think about all the other things that would be " hard " to write , and reject them as well : * An Operating system * Video card drivers *
A web browserAll of those things require thousands of lines of code and I could n't write any of them myself over a weekend .
Therefore , I will stop using them .
Mike - 02 01 10 - 17:26
> This is a very odd critique .
Writing an XML parser might be hard , but who cares ?
Every major programming language provides an XML parser for you , and most of them provide more than one .
Believe it or not , sometimes people actually have size or performance criteria to care about when selecting file formats or parsing libraries .
It 's not a good idea to take an 8 MB library in an installer stub , or use an unnecessarily complex format when transferring 40 GB of data .
But apparently , you 're too intent on providing a snarky answer to consider that perhaps not every set of requirements can be met by throwing off - the - shelf libraries together .
Phaeron - 02 01 10 - 22:12
@ Karl : >
That was something like 2 days ( ?? ) on a challenge , but not 5 minutes on the gui - oh the humanity of it all You 're crazy if you think GUIs take 5 minutes .
I spend more time than that in a layout editor just figuring out how I want user flow to work in a dialog.@nielsm :>
Wait ... JSON does n't allow a BOM ?
I 'm pretty sure it is to be treated as a zero - width non-breaking space if you do n't handle it specially , which means " can go anywhere whitespace is legal " .
I 'm pretty sure it is implicitly allowed , json.org does say : " Whitespace can be inserted between any pair of tokens .
" Nope , it does n't .
JSON strictly defines whitespace as one of LF , CR , tab , or space .
It does n't include non-breaking spaces , zero - width spaces , or any other kinds of whitespace defined in Unicode .
I believe this is also true of XML , which only treats U+FEFF specially for the BOM .
It 'd be complex and probably unnecessary to accommodate all of the kinds of whitespace .
I did some research into this , and this is apparently one of the common areas of laxity in JSON parsers .
Presumably it's not allowed because JavaScript eval ( ) wo n't take kindly to finding an alien character at the start of the " code " that it receives .
@Ivan - Assen Ivanov :>
JSON is good , but there 's something even better : Lua .
Embrace Lua for everything , from configuration files to scripting / vdub batch jobs , to full - blown high - level programming of your core software .
( Not CPU emulation or blend / blit inner loops of course , but almost everything else . )
You 'll thank me in a year or so :-) Yuck , no .
I already went down that path with VirtualDub 's configuration files and sometimes I regret doing it , because in practice what it means is that no other application can properly process the files without including a substantial portion of the original program 's core .
The only reason it is n't completely insane in VirtualDub 's case is that the scripting language does n't have any flow control structures , and thus a script can always be compiled down into a functional form ( and can never loop infinitely ) .
Lua is also far too lenient for my tastes : no distinct integer / real types ( which is a PITA if you are using Direct3D without D3DCREATE_FPU_PRESERVE ) , and silent breakage on misspelled identifiers .
@Blacktiger :>
Have you looked at YAML ?
JSON is basically just a subset of YAML , using the full blown format you can get much nicer formatting and comments .
There are also several parsers available for different languages .
YAML 's turning into a bit of a kitchen sink , unfortunately .
My general rule of thumb is that the more flexibility you add into a format , the easier it gets to write and the harder it gets to read .
Unfortunately , this is often the reverse of what you want , as you generally want the asymmetry going the other way : hopefully , data is read at least as often as it is written .
IMO , if you want a really nice format for humans , you have to resort to a domain - specific format -- you can't really do it by creating a bloated format that tries do everything generically .
Those are called programming languages.@guga40 k :> google for rapidxmlFrom the RapidXml website : " RapidXml is not a W3C compliant parser , primarily because it ignores DOCTYPE declarations .
" Translation : RapidXml does n't actually parse XML , because it ignores the internal DTD subset .
I deliberately did NOT do this in my prototype , because it 's useless to evaluate the complexity of an XML parser that does n't actually parse XML .
I already know that I can not parse XML really quickly .
@Nils :>
Actually you do n't really need a real BOM , as there is an " implied " BOM , according to the RFC :
The problem with this rule is that it only makes sense if you know that the text is JSON .
It spells trouble if you are trying to push JSON through a generic text facility , like a text editor or a stream reader .
XML 's allowance of the BOM is nice in that if you do need to read the XML through such a facility it wo n't fark up the encoding even if it has no idea about XML .
Not only does JSON not allow the BOM , it actually prohibits it . >
Then there is ECMAScript 5 , which specifies JSON ( again : p ) .
Careful : ECMAScript / JavaScript do not specify JSON .
JSON is a _subset_ .
Just because the BOM may be allowed in JS does not mean you 're allowed to use it in JSON .
For instance , single quotes around member names is n't allowed even though it will compile .
The format spec must not be tied to the language spec if the format is to be well - supported by parsers written in different languages . >
About the production for numbers :
They are basically all IEEE floats .
Just look how XSchema defines the float type ;) Actually , they are n't .
They follow the text format used by most languages to represent them , but there are no specifications on the range or precision of numbers .
You can represent quad floats and bignums in JSON 's numeric format .
You 're also free to make a JSON parser that attempts to identify integers separately from floats .
Phaeron - 02 01 10 - 23:12
> Believe it or not , sometimes people actually have size or performance criteria to care about when selecting file formats or parsing libraries .
Phaeron , I think Mike brought up a good point ... that yes , XML parsing may be difficult , but that does n't make XML any less useful .
XML is very good for exporting / importing data between programs ( it is easy to convert data to and from an XML schema ) , and it is very good for splitting and merging files .
It is not good , as you pointed out , as a container for 40 GB of data .
If you are just moving data from one place to another , XML certainly is not appropriate .
Michael - 03 01 10 - 03:08
1 . How many people know or care about JSON , and how many people use XML ?
I think there is no need to answer this .
2 . If you need to store gigabytes of data , you can use the binary XML format such as the one used in MKV .
Why would an ordinary user want to edit 40 GB of XML text data ?
Needless to say there are libraries for that .
3 . I cannot imagine a situation when a full - featured XML parser is not fast enough for reasonable amounts of data on today 's processors .
Again , gigabytes of XML text data are a nonsense .
The text format overhead is just too much .
Mirage - 03 01 10 - 06:44
Considering Doug " eval is evil " Crockford wrote JSON , and a parser in JS for it , I do n't think he banned the BOM because eval ( ) would choke on it .
Maybe he was negligent about it ?
Iain Dalton - 03 01 10 - 17:24
@ Mirage : many people actually use JSON without knowing about it .
The fact that a common practice ( storing data in a Javascript - like text array , which is probably one of the dumbest array notation syntax - which does n't make it bad , mind you ) has been somewhat formalized into JSON , does n't make it an oddity .
Mitch 74 ( link ) - 03 01 10 - 20:41
Off topic , but since you mention XML , take a look at http://www.codeproject.com/KB/recipes/Fl..
Michael - 04 01 10 - 00:21
JSON is dog slow .
You should try C++ Data binder to get rid of XML parsers completely .
Robin - 04 01 10 - 02:01
@Robin : JSON might be dog slow , but it 's also damn simple .
Which was the point .
Mitch 74 ( link ) - 04 01 10 - 21:06
Banning > in text spans does n't eliminate ambiguity - banning ] ] > , however , does , it seems to me .
ie . ] ]>
How many nodes is that ?
Treat either the first ] ] > or second ] ] > as the end of the CDATA and you still end up with valid XML .
yawnmoth - 05 01 10 - 04:24
But .... using XML means you do n't have to write the parser !
This advantage is quickly lost once you try doing it , reducing XML into any random self - invented format .
Gabest - 06 01 10 - 04:52
From Phaeron's " 02 01 10 - 22:12 " post :>
This is a very odd critique .
Writing an XML parser might be hard , but who cares ?
Every major programming language provides an XML parser for you , and most of them provide more than one .
Believe it or not , sometimes people actually have size or performance criteria to care about when selecting file formats or parsing libraries .
It 's not a good idea to take an 8 MB library in an installer stub , or use an unnecessarily complex format when transferring 40 GB of data .
But apparently , you 're too intent on providing a snarky answer to consider that perhaps not every set of requirements can be met by throwing off - the - shelf libraries together .
Anonymous Coward - 06 01 10 - 09:37
@yawnmoth :>
How many nodes is that ?
Treat either the first ] ] > or second ] ] > as the end of the CDATA and you still end up with valid XML .
This is actually a fairly simple problem -- you simply have to choose the definition .
For instance , in regular expressions , you can either use * to do a maximally greedy match , or *? to do a minimal match .
Think about it : XML parsers do n't have difficulty finding the start of the next tag even though the whole file is a sea of angle brackets .
In this case , choosing the first instance would solve the problem , and avoid the need to scan all text spans for this multi-character sequence .
It 's possible that there 's a good rationale for this restriction , but I did n't see it in the XML spec .
It might be just for compatibility with SGML .
Phaeron - 06 01 10 - 15:19
Sorry if someone said this before , I usu .
read the comments but it was tl ; dr today .
However , YAML is a simple way to store data ( or metadata ) , and I think that the latest version ( 1.2 ) is explicitly JSON compatible .
Also , it allows for that BOM stuff and can be used with ASCII rather than unicode .
I think .
The spec was also tl , but I did skim it intently .
I first heard about YAML a long time ago , before I even heard about Python , and it seemed back then to be a much better solution than XML .
I think XML is ... bad .
HTML was a good idea , but , XML takes it too far in the wrong direction .
Luckily , it will keep plenty of mediocre programmers busy writing and debugging parsers .
Anyhow , YAML seems good , and might be what you want , esp. as the latest version is intentionally related to JSON .
Kentaro ( link ) - 06 01 10 - 16:54
( Minimally ) greedy matching would still require you scan the data that 'll go in the CDATA for a ] ] >.
Since there 's no way to escape ] ] > , you either have to remove it , error out of the XML compiler if it 's there , or accept the fact that the user will be able to break out of the XML structure and in so doing create an XML file that 's not formatted as you 're expecting it to be formatted .
And say you do the opposite - say you assume the last ] ]> matches the first
yawnmoth - 07 01 10 - 07:01
Grr ... the unescaped < broke my post .
Anyway , continuing from where I left off , Say you do the opposite - say you assume the last ] ]> matches the first
yawnmoth - 07 01 10 - 07:05
I love me some JSON , but no comments ?
Wat ?
commenter - 26 01 10 - 11:27
Marc Kerbiquet has written an XML - Parser in Assembler ( may be the fastest available ) .( off topic : strange yellow overlays ( XP ) with a black point in middle , when screenshotting videos - does anyone know that ?!) greetings and thanks for the virtual dub .
love it
Nils ( link ) - 29 01 10 - 11:34
You should also look at vtd-xml as the latest and most advanced XML technology
tom - 09 02 10 - 20:48
Check out YAML .
I 'm super pleased with YAML , which I believe is technically a superset of JSON .
It has some great advantages like human - readability , comments , and the ability to embed YAML or JSON within it .
I 'd love to see YAML 's acceptance grow .
Please check it out .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML
Andy - 24 02 10 - 08:36
The use of DTDs in XML for entities has other problems too .
For example , many implementations use their own HTTP implementation that does no caching , causing unnecessary load on the servers , not to mention that it provides a single point of failure .
See http://hsivonen.iki.fi/no-dtd/
15 - year review of the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action ( 1995 ) and the outcomes of the twenty - third special session of the General Assembly ( 2000 )
Background
At its fifty - fourth session , the Commission on the Status of Women decided to review implementation of the Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty - third special session of the General Assembly , emphasizing the sharing of experiences and good practices , with a view to overcoming remaining obstacles and new challenges , including those related to the Millennium Development Goals .
The review will also focus on how the implementation of the Platform for Action contributes to the full achievement of the Millennium Development Goals .
Purpose
The online discussions provide a forum for individuals , groups and networks not able to attend the Commission on the Status of Women to contribute to the review .
They allow a range of stakeholders to share information on achievements , measures taken and good practices developed at national and regional levels ; and identify gaps and challenges requiring further action .
When people turn to The Law Office Of Erik P. Kaeding , they get more than a defender — they get a legacy of justice , of equity , and of passionate commitment to their freedoms .
When the accused are facing the full power of a one - sided justice system , it 's our Kent criminal defense lawyer who evens the scales in our clients ' favor .
Tell Your Side of the Story
For over 20 years , The Law Office Of Erik P. Kaeding has been the defense attorney our community has needed .
The firm 's reputation is built on countless dismissals and acquittals — some of which were for cases that were considered " open - and - shut " in the prosecutor 's eyes .
How have we done that ?
We hone in on the details that strengthen your case , allowing us to craft strategic defenses that tell your side of the story .
Our relentless pursuit of justice has changed the lives of thousands of people , helping our clients get back to normal life as quickly as possible .
If you need an ally to hear your side , call us — we will ​​​ believe you .
Ferrari has revealed that its 2010 contender , currently designated the 281 , will be unveiled on January 28 .
The launch will probably take place at the team 's Maranello HQ with the car making its track debut just a couple of days later at Valencia when the first major test of the season gets underway .
After a relatively disappointing season in 2009 , in which the team scored just one win and eventually finished fourth in the Constructors '
Championship , much is hoped for in 2010 when two - time world champion Fernando Alonso replaces Kimi Raikkonen .
Serious Sam : The First Encounter did n’t push any boundaries when it was new , but it never intended to .
In a time when most shooters are attempting to inject something new into the genre , there ’s something oddly refreshing about a game that celebrates the simple .
The term , “ stupid fun ” comes to mind .
However , since Serious Sam HD has no original content , it ’s only natural to question its value this holiday season .
Serious Sam HD is a throwback to a more simple philosophy of game design , but more specifically , it ’s a throwback to a throwback .
In its original form , it was essentially Doom , with better graphics , support for more co-op players , and even more ridiculous weapons .
The game throws hordes of enemies at you , even on the “ normal ” difficulty level , making it both fun and challenging .
The baddies are practically endless , and with no time to think , it ’s all about reaction — this is the very definition of twitch gameplay .
Those familiar with the franchise already know that there ’s absolutely nothing serious about Serious Sam .
The whole game is a parody of the FPS action that it recreates so well .
Serious Sam’s “ story ” chronicles the life of Sam “ Serious ” Stone , who is sent back in time to prevent extraterrestrials from taking over the planet .
The adventure begins in ancient Egypt , which makes up the setting for most of Serious Sam HD ’s levels .
This gets a little dry ( sorry ) and repetitive , but the game does divert from the desert setting briefly towards the middle of the campaign with levels like “ Oasis . ”
Sam also packs an encyclopedia - like device known as NETRICSA ( NEuro - TRonically Implanted Combat Situation Analyser ) implanted in his brain , which allows you to look at detailed information about your enemies and weapons .
If you even bother reading through any of this content , you ’re in for a bit of a treat , as the game attempts to seriously describe the origins of its antagonists , as if you can seriously describe the origin of screaming headless suicide bombers .
If Serious Sam HD serves as a peak at what we might expect of Serious Sam 3 , well , the future will be rendered in brilliant detail without sacrificing performance .
This is a game that demonstrates its new technology handily at times , while being occasionally rough around the edges .
Most of SSHD has received a glorious new coat of paint , but there are still some old assets poking around , and they harshly contrast with new models and textures .
It ’s also little disappointing that the sound effects have n’t been updated to match the new eye candy .
Thankfully the retooled character models , textures , and lighting all look brilliant .
Graphics are one of Sam ’s new strengths , and you ’re given a myriad of options to help control the performance on older machines , while a newer GPU will deliver a glorious sixty frames per second with all the details pumped up .
Now , for the bad news — Serious Sam HD is unfortunately missing some serious features .
Croteam has yet to release a dedicated server for Serious Sam HD , which is surprising given the climate in which it was launched .
Also absent is a versus multiplayer mode , limiting you to playing co-op online .
Versus is not why I play Serious Sam , but deathmatch would be a nice addition , and it would at least serve to add the perception of additional value .
The lack of dedicated servers presents a bigger issue , however , with 16 player co-op constantly desyncing .
It ’s been implied on the official forums that we ’ll see these features added in the coming weeks .
If we can expect that level of post - release support from Croteam , than they ’ve seriously trying to compensate for a somewhat disappointing launch day .
This game is a lot more difficult to recommend than I had anticipated .
Do n’t get me wrong , I actually love it , but there are other variables to consider .
Croteam has already announced the impending Serious Sam HD : The Second Encounter , and frankly , it ’s a bit disappointing that they did n’t combine the content from both releases into a single package .
It ’s easy to see the potential for a future bundle , which might make one wait for The Second Encounter .
Sam is also going up against a typically stuffed holiday season , so it ’s not like you wont have plenty to play if you decide to wait .
Even at the budget price of $ 19.99 , there are other downloadable goodies to consider .
Despite my hesitation in giving this my hands - down recommendation , it ’s worth considering the following : the asking price is less than immense , and it ’s seriously fun .
It ’s especially entertaining if you have a friend or two or fifteen to play co-op with .
You really ca n’t go wrong with Serious Sam HD , especially if you ’re new to the franchise , but it ’s important that you recognize what you ’re signing up for .
So if you ’re in for some stupid fun and old - school twitch madness , this is a game for you — just do n’t expect more than a classic game with a fresh new look .
Serious Sam HD is currently available on Steam .
Console versions should be coming “ soon . ”
Arab tycoons wrapped in traditional headscarves sipped fruit juice cocktails as they watched Russian models twirl in silk dresses .
It was the most exclusive ticket in town , a private catwalk show to which the Middle East 's biggest spenders had been personally invited .
But if the smiles at this week 's Dubai fashion event looked more false than usual , it was for a reason .
The net worth of the VIPs in attendance today is a fraction of what it was six months ago .
A six - year boom that turned sand dunes into a glittering metropolis , creating the world 's tallest building , its biggest shopping mall and , some say , a shrine to unbridled capitalism , is grinding to a halt .
Dubai , one of seven states that make up the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , is in crisis .
So too are British expatriates .
Many of the estimated 100,000 - strong community came here expecting to make millions in property , and to soak up a lavish lifestyle living alongside footballers , actors and supermodels .
But the real estate bubble that propelled the frenetic expansion of Dubai on the back of borrowed cash and speculative investment , has burst .
Many westerners are being made redundant or absconding before the strict legal system catches up with them .
Half of all the UAE 's construction projects , totalling $ 582bn ( £ 400 bn ) , have either been put on hold or cancelled , leaving a trail of half - built towers on the outskirts of the city stretching into the desert .
Among the casualties is the tower Donald Trump promised would be " the ultimate in luxury " , a $ 100 bnresort complex by the beach , and four huge theme parks and an artificial island developed by the state company Nakheel .
It is not all bad news : the building projects still in play are almost the equivalent of the US stimulus package .
And the city remains a haven for super - rich sheikhs , billionaire hedge fund managers and Russian oligarchs .
But banks have stopped lending and the stock market has plunged 70 % .
Scrape beneath the surface of the fashion parades and VIP parties , and the evidence of economic slowdown are obvious .
Luxury hotels are three - quarters empty .
Shopkeepers in newly - built malls are reporting a drop in sales .
In Dubai you expect to see a Ferrari parked beside a Rolls - Royce .
But not , as is the case now , with scruffy For Sale signs taped to the windows .
Living the dream
Nowhere sums up the fortunes of expatriates in Dubai quite like Palm Jumeirah , an artificial island fanning out into the Persian Gulf , populated by residents including the likes of David Beckham , Michael Schumacher and even , it is said , Afghanistan 's president , Hamid Karzai .
At the top of the island stands the Atlantis , a garish $ 1.5 bn hotel complex with 1,539 rooms and a whale shark swimming in a 1 million - litre fish tank .
The Atlantis's $ 20 m inauguration celebration , where the world 's A - list celebrities were treated to 1.7 tonnes of lobster and 1,000 bottles of Veuve Clicquot , was promoted as the world 's biggest party .
For Palm residents , it was followed by an equally impressive hangover .
The value of their villas and apartments on the Palm fell by as much as 60 % in just a few months .
" Drink your last cocktail and get out of here , " said Sasha Reynolds , a 33 - year - old airhostess .
" My boyfriend is an engineer and work has dried up .
He 's been offered work in Qatar but who wants to go there ?
People are still making money here but the parties are n't quite the same .
I 'm lucky ‑ I did n't buy . "
The exact number of unemployed is not known .
The Dubai government does not release figures , and prevents the press from running stories that damage the economy , such as mass redundancies .
But there were sacked expatriates ‑ bankers , lawyers and architects ‑ in all but one of the hotel bars visited in Dubai this week .
Employees who lose work in the UAE automatically have their visa rescinded , generally giving them 30 days to leave .
" I look out of my balcony every day and I see Brits by the pool on their laptops , " said Andrew Hillocks , 29 , a sacked telecoms consultant whose passport has been seized .
He will be escorted to the airport next week .
" They 're looking for work that just is n't there .
I sold my car to cover my loan , but other people are panicking . "
Under Dubai's strict legal code defaulting on debt or bouncing a cheque is punishable with jail .
Any expatriate in financial difficulty knows the safest bet is to take the next outbound flight .
At the airport , hundreds of cars have apparently been abandoned in recent weeks .
Keys are left in the ignition and maxed out credit cards and apology letters in the glove box .
Officials put the number of vehicles at 11 .
" No one believes that .
There are 11 cars abandoned just on my street , " said Anne , 26 , a fashion editor from London .
" Over the past two months I 've been getting an email a day from people trying to sell their stuff .
' New Jaguar – need to sell before the end of the week ' . "
In a world of self - made millionaires and property entrepreneurs , some remain bullish .
Simon Murphy , 42 , runs the exclusive Crest of Dubai social club for Palm residents .
" My job is to keep people smiling , " he said .
The former hedge fund adviser 's apartment is a " boy 's paradise " .
Beside the snooker table and darts board are photos of him beside Richard Branson , Alan Shearer and Pele .
" I have the beach there .
My local is that bar a couple of yards away .
That 's the pier where they 're going to dock the QE2 .
People ask about the whole ' living the dream ' scenario ?
Ain't this it ? "
Some people had to lose out , he said .
" As they say : eagles fly with eagles .
The motivating factor to come here is greed .
You have to be selfish , have minimal social responsibility , and want to make money quick .
Brits in Dubai are gamblers .
It 's the nature of the beast that not everyone wins . "
The invisible losers
In the Dubai however , the losers are the invisible majority .
Taxi drivers from Egypt , Yemen and Iraq compete for work .
Their clients often ask to go to hotel bars where , at night , they will find prostitutes from Eastern Europe , Africa and Asia .
Expatriates from the developing world maintained Dubai 's orgy of consumption during the boom years .
Now they too are being forced to leave .
Perhaps those who suffer most are the construction workers from the Indian subcontinent , who have worked on perilous building sites earning as little as £ 70 a month .
The Indian embassy is reportedly anticipating an exodus with 20,000 seats on flights to India already " bulk - booked " for next month .
Buses come to pick up 250 workers every night from one dusty street on the edge of Sonapur , a labour camp on the edge of the desert .
As night falls , the gangly silhouettes of construction workers file out of the camp gates .
" There is no work , " said Jasvinder Singh , 24 , placing his suitcase in a pick - up truck , the words " Dubai to Delhi " taped to the side .
" It has been such a drama .
We came here to earn money .
We are going home to see our wives but our pockets are empty . "
Sanjit , 44 , another construction worker from Punjab , gestures angrily in the air : " We were treated badly here .
We were slaves to the Arabs . "
But unlike their British counterparts , construction workers from India , Bangladesh and Pakistan cannot abandon lives in the glove compartment of a 4x4 .
Most took loans to pay agent fees to come to Dubai , and their debts will follow them home .
" I sold our land and took loans in the village to come here , " said Imran Hassan , a 20 - year - old Bangladeshi farmer .
" I paid the agent £ 2,000 to bring me .
He said I would earn 1,500 dirham [ £ 287 ] a month , but we are paid 572 dirham .
When I return people in the village will want their money but I have none . "
A Welsh construction site manager said he had protested to his boss about the treatment of labourers .
" We tell them to bring their clothes to work one day and then we send them home .
It makes me feel sick .
I asked why it had to be done so quickly and I was told a lot of them commit suicide and we do n't want that on our hands . "
Tale of two cities
Dubai 's future will actually be decided well way from the shimmering skyscrapers .
To find out why , you need to drive along 90 miles south along the Gulf coastline , past tiny Bedouin enclaves and shimmering desert mosques .
Abu Dhabi , the oil - rich capital of the UAE and the richest emirate , has opted for a more conservative – and , some say – prudent approach to growth that contrasts with Dubai 's giddy expansion .
But it boasts 95 % of the UAE 's oil reserves and more than half of its GDP , and regional experts predict it will overtake Dubai as the destination of choice for westerners in the Middle East .
Dubai , which has barely a trickle of oil in comparison , is projecting a 42 % increase in public spending on infrastructure projects , to compensate for vanishing private investment .
But it can not go it alone .
Abu Dhabi is increasingly expected to bail out its poorer neighbour , and the two ruling families are meeting regularly to decide how to transfer cash into Dubai 's ailing economy .
" The question is not if Abu Dhabi will come to the rescue , but how big it will be and how public , " a source with knowledge of the negotiations said .
" Abu Dhabi can not let Dubai sink . "
But Abu Dhabi has its own problems .
The emirate 's sovereign wealth fund – once said to be worth $ 1 trillion – has taken a hit in the global recession , while the lifeblood of the economy – the price of oil – is down more than 60 % .
Thirty miles from the capital , dust rises from the barren horizon where a 10 km - long building site is being turned into al - Raha Beach , an $ 18bn waterfront city , a joint venture between Aldar , Abu Dhabi 's largest property developer , and Laing O'Rourke , the UK 's largest construction company .
" A lot of staff have been moved over here from Dubai , " said Paul , 35 , a Laing O'Rourke project manager , raising his voice over the noise of JCBs .
" But it is all coming to a stop here too .
There are mass redundancies now .
We 've gone from an expat workforce of about 1,000 to about 400 .
There are more waves of redundancies coming this week . "
He said he could not be sure , but by his estimate more than half of the al - Raha development had been quietly shelved .
" I 've not been made redundant myself but I 've decided to go home in April .
The wife and kids have already left .
A lot of people are jumping ship beforethere are no lifeboats left . "
Back in Dubai the following day , a Mercedes Benz snaked along the city 's main street , Sheikh Zayed Road .
A 35 - year - old Emirati property magnate dressed in traditional Arabic clothing sat in the driver 's seat , listening as Veronica Chapman , 65 , a real estate agent from Hull , recalled what the city was like when she first arrived in 1980 .
" No milk , no bread , no schools .
It was a desert and a couple of buildings , " she said .
The developer slowed the car to point out abandoned building sites where cranes stood still in the baking heat .
" Here we are completely reliant on foreigners , " he said .
" Maybe Dubai grew too fast . "
· This article was amended on Wednesday February 18 2009 to conceal the identity of one of the sources .
A spokesman said : " One simply places one ’s ingredients on the surface .
The appliance then analyses the ingredients and presents a list of suitable recipes .
After deciding on a recipe , the user marks an area with his hand to determine how large the cooking area should be .
Then the desired depth of the surface is created by simply pressing the hand against the malleable material .
After achieving the required width and depth it ’s just a matter of setting temperature and time with a simple touch of a finger . "
In June , 40 - year - old Shane Dawley and his 36 - year - old wife , Rhonda , uprooted themselves and their four boys from their suburban Atlanta rental home and bought an old five - acre farm in Ogdensburg , Wisc .
Their goal :
Flee the rat race and adopt a more self - reliant lifestyle amid the troubled economy .
While Mr. Dawley , who had worked at a parking garage , has n't found a full - time job yet , he 's been working on nearby farms learning new skills ( one person paid him with an old John Deere tractor ) , and his family is raising chickens ...
Editor ’s note : I wrote this article a long time ago ( August ) .
I ’ve never been closer to pulling an article off my posting schedule ( I ’m writing this within three hours of posting time ) .
In some posts , like this one , I try to challenge your thinking without necessarily dictating an action for you .
I ’m trying to challenge traditional thinking in light of the gospel .
If your thinking was stimulated , then this article is a success .
The reason I feel increasingly uncomfortable with this post is because if people ( without consideration of their specific situation ) followed the tenants in this post it could be very detrimental to their personal financial situation .
What this post may mean to you is determined by your debt level , how long you ’ve been investing , and how much you have saved .
Providing for your family is necessary so that you do not become a burden to the church .
If you have not saved enough for retirement it is quite acceptable to save more than you give .
Think about this post as a challenge to the status quo , not an action I ’m advising every Christian to go out and follow .
Ultimately I decided to publish the post because I ’m trusting my readers are mature enough to get new information , evaluate it , and apply it to their own lives in a way that honors God .
In a two part article I asked the question Is it Biblical to Save for Retirement .
I agree with the fundamentals of that article .
It is appropriate for Christians to save .
It is a blessing to both families and churches when we save .
However , I am reconsidering the question how much should I contributed towards retirement .
The probing question is –
Should I be saving more for my future retirement than I am currently contributing to God ’s present work of the Kingdom of God ?
photo by Mykl Roventine
How we frame a question gets us halfway to the answer so I want to point out the six words I intentionally put in comparison :
Group # 1 : My vs God’s
Group # 2 : Future vs. Present
Group # 3 : Retirement vs. Kingdom of God
My Vs. God’s
In some ways Group # 1 could misrepresent reality .
It depends on your understanding of retirement .
Are you saving for yourself as a means to an end , or are you saving for yourself in order to :
Provide for your family Remove yourself as a burden to the church Help others in need .
Depending on your theological understanding of retirement , it may or may not ultimately be for yourself .
Future Vs. Present
Group # 2 is the most challenging word group for me .
One of the key differences between the wealthy and the poor is their view of money .
For the poor , money is for today because money is a tool of survival .
For the rich , money is a resource used to be invested and grown .
Thus , money is for tomorrow .
As Christians we know our future is unknown .
James writes :
Why , you do not even know what will happen tomorrow .
What is your life ?
You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes .
Instead , you ought to say , “ If it is the Lord ’s will , we will live and do this or that . ” ( James 4:14 -15 NIV )
Granted , James is not talking about ignoring tomorrow , but he does want to acknowledge that ‘ tomorrow ’ is God ’s decision – not our own .
There is an immediacy to the presentation of the gospel .
He told them , “ The harvest is plentiful , but the workers are few .
Ask the Lord of the harvest , therefore , to send out workers into his harvest field .
( Luke 10:2 NIV )
Said another way , the harvest is ready .
Fruit and agricultural harvesting is time sensitive ; if you delay , the fruit will be lost .
There is much evangelistic work to be done today and my disproportionate focus on tomorrow may have negative implications for today .
There is an immediacy to the issues of poverty .
Bread for the World reports :
1.02 billion people across the world are hungry .
Every day , almost 16,000 children die from hunger - related causes–one child every five seconds .
Why focus sole on my tomorrow when the ‘ today ’ of so many has an immediate need ?
Retirement vs. Kingdom of God
Again , I ’m putting these two items against each other so the differences are highlighted .
As I said regarding group # 1 , these two things are not necessarily pitted against each other depending on your mindset as to the reason and function of retirements savings .
In fact , I would say the Kingdom of God can be advanced by Christians who are responsible with their finances .
In fact , if I misappropriate my funds today I may hinder the work of the Kingdom of God by becoming a burden to the church .
What is the solution ?
After dealing honestly with this issue my conclusion ( a personal decision for myself ) is that I cannot continue to contribute more to tomorrow ’s retirement than I do to today ’s work in the kingdom of God .
Coming into 2010 my wife and I made some adjustments to what I thought was a lack of balance between our giving and my saving for retirement .
I felt like at the least those two amounts should be equal .
So we now give as much as we save for retirement .
This was not a decision made by guilt or legalism .
But , because of our relationship with God we felt compelled by the love of Christ to make a change .
Most financial advisors suggest we save 10 – 15 % of our income towards retirement .
Many Christians give 10 % while ministers and others suggest we give even more .
You ’ll need to find your right saving balance .
Lord willing , God will open the door in the future that our giving will far exceed my saving , but as for today in my financial situation I want to ensure that at the very least I am not giving more to retirement then I am to God ’s Kingdom Work .
Editor ’s note : I wrote this article a long time ago ( August ) .
However , I did n’t realize that it would be posted so closely to other “ counter cultural ” posts .
In many posts , like this one , I try to challenge our thinking without dictating action for you .
I figure there are a lot of sources out there that will give you the best financial advice only .
I ’m trying to balance that by challenging traditional thinking in light of the gospel .
If your thinking was stimulated , then this article is a success .
Anyone else have thoughts about the relationship between retirement dollars and giving dollars ?
Any reflections ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Simon Hancock
BBC News , St Helena
The British government has postponed plans to build an airport on the tiny south Atlantic island of St Helena .
What is it like living on one of the most isolated settlements on the planet ?
The RMS St Helena is the only way anything - people or cargo - gets to St Helena .
It is the last remaining dedicated Royal Mail ship and as it slowly ploughs its way through the south Atlantic , sailing between Cape Town , Ascension Island and St Helena , it would be tempting to say it represents the island 's lifeline , only for St Helenians it is even more than that .
Geography : In the Atlantic , midway between South America and Africa Population : 7,637 Terrain : Rugged and volcanic History : Discovered by the Portuguese in 1502 , uninhabited , then British East India Company colonised it in 1650s , and became Crown Colony in 1834 Famous resident : Napoleon Bonaparte exiled there in 1815 , until his death in 1821 Among the passengers , Robert Newman is on the way to attend the funeral of his father , the former chief of police John Newman , who recently passed away on St Helena .
" My dad died much quicker than we expected , " he says .
" I came to see him last month and I 've been very lucky that the transport has worked out so that I can be here for the funeral .
" I 've really only managed it at all because of my contacts at the MoD . "
Mr Newman left the island to join the British Army and now lives in Hereford and serves with the Royal Signals .
He has taken a long - delayed RAF flight from Brize Norton to Ascension Island , meeting up with RMS St Helena for a three - day sail to the island .
Fortunately the boat waited for the late - running plane .
It 's rare for the journey to be even this easy .
Often there can be weeks between sailings , and when the ship is being serviced , none at all .
Ford Escorts
The return flight costs more than £ 1,000 and the return boat trip from Ascension to St Helena about £ 1,600 .
Perhaps because the island is so hard - and costly - to get to , St Helena is often said to have been frozen in time , a slice of yesteryear Britain , and arriving on the island , it 's easy to see why .
Steep rocky slopes rise almost from the sea , but nestled in a gully in the otherwise rocky terrain lies sleepy Jamestown .
Part incongruously - hot Yorkshire village , part colonial outpost , ancient Ford Escorts pootle up and down its short High Street while people - seemingly for hours at a time - park themselves on benches to chat and look on .
A Mecca for classic car enthusiasts - old style Ford Escorts on St Helena
There are no chain stores here and the handful of local shops knock off for the day at 4 pm .
Wednesday is a half - day and few businesses open at all at the weekend .
Inside the Star supermarket , despite the ship 's recent arrival , there are still many empty shelves .
Only carrots , marrows , cucumbers and potatoes are for sale in the vegetable section .
" This actually is n't too bad , " says shopper Bronwen Yon .
" Some days the whole place is empty .
In two weeks , there 'll be nothing left again . "
She explains the kind of strategy you need on an island served by just one boat .
" You have to plan when you 're going to buy things .
If the ship comes in from Cape Town , you 'll know it will have things like butter , cheese and sugar .
" It 's probably hard to get your head around if you 're not from here but even simple things like this you need to stock up on when you can .
" You 'll know exactly how long after the ship arrives the goods will appear on the shelf and you 'll buy a month 's worth .
You learn these things . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
But not everyone is prepared to put up with such a life .
Once St Helena used to be a service station on the oceanic motorway , receiving a thousand ships a year .
But since the aviation age arrived and with such poor modern communication links , the economy has been slowly throttled .
There is a saying that every time the RMS leaves , it takes two families with it .
' Expensive '
The average salary on the island is just £ 70 a week and one in four so - called Saints have moved away in the last 10 years to seek better - paid employment overseas .
Some sights are familiarly British
And when they do it is the older members of the older generation - like Melvina Caeser - who are left holding the baby .
She is raising four of her grandchildren while their parents are away working .
Such an informal foster arrangement is common on the island .
And when these children grow up they too will almost certainly leave .
" It 's difficult but there 's no choice , " she says .
" Food is expensive , clothes are expensive .
That 's why people have to go away .
It 's hard for the children as they do n't have their mummy here but I still love them like my own . "
When the airport was originally promised it was with the idea of stemming this human tide .
St Helena currently costs the UK about £ 20 m each year to administer and while the airport would cost £ 300 m , it was hoped that it would enable the island to become sustainable .
People say hello to each other and always try to help one another
Annabel Plato
There was some resistance to the plan , from those who thought an influx of people would risk the island 's close - knit atmosphere .
But in December , the UK government announced it was to postpone a decision for the second time , a move that was greeted with some anger .
" Some people are stuck in their ways - they do n't like change .
They 're afraid an airport might bring terrorists to the island or something , " says Annabel Plato , a hotel worker .
Annabel herself moved away to the UK , working as a housekeeper at Althorpe House , but airport or no airport she 's glad she came back .
" It 's like a village .
People say hello to each other and always try to help one another , " she says .
" If there is a funeral or a wedding for instance and there 's a shortage of flowers , people will cut them from their gardens to help out .
It 's really nice and it 's something you appreciate much more after you 've been away . "
No smoking ban Despite the lack of links with the outside world , Annabel says she does n't feel cut off , pointing out that there are landlines , television and the internet .
Food supplies are sporadic
True , but the internet bandwidth for the entire island is less than that of many individual households in the UK , and costs £ 6 an hour , while locals say the phone lines - all with retro four - digit numbers - run out of capacity at times .
In the Standard pub , the regulars puff away around the bar .
There is no smoking ban here .
They agree that it 's only in emergencies that St Helena 's remoteness is really brought home .
" A friend of mine became seriously ill while the ship was back in the UK , " says Geoff Stevens .
" By the time the ship got back and took him to Cape Town it was too late .
He died on board . "
For visitors , like Mike and Lynda Vincent , the remoteness makes St Helena special .
RMS St Helena ships freights and passengers " You 're completely incommunicado .
It 's one of the few places in the world where that 's the case .
It 's definitely an attraction , " says Mr Vincent .
Attracting more tourists is the only plan for the island economy , but Jamie Roberts of the National Trust sees a paradox here .
" Remoteness is one of the major appeals .
It 's one of the things that made me want to come here .
There are n't many places left in the world that can take you six days on a boat to get to .
" If people could fly here to the UK in seven or eight hours , it would definitely take away from the romance . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
In 1964 , with a wife and two small children I was appointed to look after The Salvation Army 's three churches on St Helena ( five services every Sunday ) .
We were also engaged in relief work on behalf of Oxfam .
Those were challenging days and years , in a unique and wonderful setting .
Annual holiday was taking the 15 - mile drive around the island .
Great people , and our hearts often return there with only the choicest of memories .
But if only we could return there , to meet again some of those folk we knew , and see again some of the sights that are uniquely St Helenian .
But - impossible .
Lack of realistic transport facilities and enormous costs put a visit well out of our ( and most people 's ) reach .
In 1965 , two British MPs visited the island to look at improving transport and other services .
Then , and once again , the outcome was unproductive .
Britain owes its loyal Saints .
Colin Fairclough
I have lived on St Helena all my life .
I have been fortunate in having the opportunity to live and visit a good few countries , but for me St Helena is and will always be home .
The last thing I would want to happen is for the peace and tranquillity of the life that I enjoy here disrupted in any way .
However , if St Helena does not become accessible by air then our community will certainly dwindle to nothing .
We were promised an airport in 2002 .
During this time millions of pounds have been spent on various studies - consultants have come and gone in droves , at huge expense .
If this is n't a waste on British taxpayers money then I do n't know what is .
We are not asking for a big international airport as the possibility of tourists queuing to come here is rather slim .
All we need is a small airstrip that will enable flights to move between St Helena and Ascension Island .
We have been for over 300 years loyal to the British Crown , our island was used during the time that Britain was developing its trading links with the Far East .
Our people have supported the Motherland and fought in the two world wars , the Falklands War , Iraq and Afghanistan - what else have we to do to be treated as other citizens of the United Kingdom ?
Ivy Ellick , Putty Hill , Alarm Forest , Island of St Helena , South Atlantic
My grandmother was St Helenian and I have traced her family back to the 1790s on the island .
She and all her sisters left when they married British soldiers stationed there during the Boer War .
Whilst such a remote existence lends itself to an idyllic lifestyle , that is just a romantic notion .
Even in the 1890s the girls knew they had to leave to have any sort of life and the British Garrison provided that freedom .
Neither my grandmother or her sisters ever went back .
I suspect access was even harder in those days .
Her brothers also left , as records show no trace of them marrying or dying on the island .
My brother and I always say we would love to visit - probably family still there , but as we are now pensioners it will probably remain a dream .
Josephine Hart , Harwich , England
While the romance of distance maybe appealing the need to bring access to the island should come first .
Having lived and worked on Ascension Island for 12 months I have a basic understanding of how difficult it is to purchase everyday essentials such as fresh fruit and veg .
I use to shop at Asda online and have a shipping company send my order out to me via the MoD ship , this meant shopping three months in advance .
The people of St Helena are warm and friendly and I can understand that there maybe some that do not want the island opened up by an airport , however the obvious need to bring in produce and goods is evident , and the need for emergency services and hospitals even more evident .
The British Government want to wake up and look after their own people as well as they do people of other nations .
John Gilmore , Birkenhead Sounds idyllic , delightful that they want to keep it unchanged and village like .
Until you realise that it only exists through subsidy at £ 20 m and a Royal Mail ship .
That 's £ 5200 for each person .
The sun set on the empire and the big ships along time ago .
Sad but true .
Andrewm , London
My wife 's family comes from St Helena where the people are incredibly pre-British and law - abiding .
However the support from the government is poor and all too often the funds are spent on UK - based " consultants " who go to the island for a paid holiday to produce a report that nobody in London ever reads .
Now the vital airport has been postponed ( =cancelled ) because the funds are not available yet DfiD department is able to give one of the richest countries on the planet , China , some $ 250 m of aid each year .
Stan Curtis , Ramsey , Cambridgeshire
This is the place I want to be .
Its almost like where I work .
Its about five and a half hours drive , partly through a dusty forest road from the big city - Kumasi or Takoradi .
Here at the Bia National Park ( where I am one of the assistant park managers ) , life is pretty simple and inaccessible .
It makes me feel happy and important .
But here , there is reception for one mobile phone company , no landlines and the internet is only by the modem of that mobile company .
The rest of Ghana is an age away .
I love it !
Gad Coffie , Kunkunsu , Sefwi , Ghana
I believe that at one time residents of Saint Helena held British passports that entitled them to live on Saint Helena and nowhere else .
They were basically in the same situation as Napoleon .
Is that still true ?
Another question .
What about hospitals on the island ?
Are there any ?
David , Edison , US
If you 'd like to sample life on a remote island , but a lot nearer to home , try Foula , 14 miles west of the rest of the Shetlands .
No shops , no law , the post office is somebody 's porch ... quite an experience .
Main hazard , very aggressive birds .
Jenny McWilliam , Leicester Jenny , Foula is not the " lawless " island she might have others believe .
There is no resident police force , but an officer regularly visits the island and is only a boat ride away .
And by the way , post office porches can be found all over rural Scotland .
Jodi , Shetlands
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Home of the MinGW.org and MSYS Projects
MinGW , a contraction of " Minimalist GNU for Windows " , is a minimalist development environment for native Microsoft Windows applications .
MinGW is a registered trademark of Software in the Public Interest Inc. , registration number 86017856 ; it has been registered on behalf of MinGW.org , and its use by any other project is unauthorized .
MinGW provides a complete Open Source programming tool set which is suitable for the development of native MS - Windows applications , and which do not depend on any 3rd - party C - Runtime DLLs .
( It does depend on a number of DLLs provided by Microsoft themselves , as components of the operating system ; most notable among these is MSVCRT .DLL , the Microsoft C runtime library .
Additionally , threaded applications must ship with a freely distributable thread support DLL , provided as part of MinGW itself ) .
MinGW compilers provide access to the functionality of the Microsoft C runtime and some language - specific runtimes .
MinGW , being Minimalist , does not , and never will , attempt to provide a POSIX runtime environment for POSIX application deployment on MS - Windows .
If you want POSIX application deployment on this platform , please consider Cygwin instead .
Primarily intended for use by developers working on the native MS - Windows platform , but also available for cross - hosted use , ( see note below -- you may need to follow the " read more " link to see it ) , MinGW includes :
A port of the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) , including C , C++ , ADA and Fortran compilers ;
GNU Binutils for Windows ( assembler , linker , archive manager )
A command - line installer , with optional GUI front - end , ( mingw - get ) for MinGW and MSYS deployment on MS - Windows
A GUI first - time setup tool ( mingw - get - setup ) , to get you up and running with mingw - get .
MSYS , a contraction of " Minimal SYStem " , is a Bourne Shell command line interpreter system .
Offered as an alternative to Microsoft 's cmd.exe , this provides a general purpose command line environment , which is particularly suited to use with MinGW , for porting of many Open Source applications to the MS - Windows platform ; a light - weight fork of Cygwin - 1.3 , it includes a small selection of Unix tools , chosen to facilitate that objective .
The attacks in Mumbai left 174 people dead
A Pakistani militant leader a former Pakistani army officer and a man from Chicago have been charged in the US over the deadly 2008 Mumbai attacks .
Militant chief Ilyas Kashmiri and ex-army officer Abdur Rehman were also charged with plotting to attack the offices of a Danish newspaper .
Neither has yet been arrested .
Chicago businessman Tahawwur Rana had already been charged with the newspaper plot .
The Mumbai attacks left 174 people , including nine gunmen , dead .
All three men are accused of helping to lay the groundwork for the November 2008 attacks in the Indian city .
Last October , Mr Rana was arrested and charged with plotting overseas attacks including one on the Danish newspaper , Jyllands - Posten .
He was arrested with David Coleman Headley , a Pakistani - American accused of having helped identify targets for the Mumbai attacks and also of plotting to attack the newspaper .
On Thursday , extra charges in connection with the Danish newspaper plot and new charges relating to the Mumbai attacks were filed against Mr Rana .
The Jyllands - Posten 's decision to publish a series of cartoons about the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 sparked angry and violent protests from Muslims in several countries .
Both men have denied the charges .
US prosecutors have now charged retired Pakistani army officer Abdur Rehman and Ilyas Kashmiri , a leader of an outlawed Pakistan - based militant group with plotting the 2008 attacks in Mumbai .
Abdur Rehman is believed to be living in Pakistan , while Ilyas Kashmiri is said to be living in the Pakistani tribal areas in Waziristan .
Ilyas Kashmiri was reported to have been killed by an air strike in September 2009 - but reports since then have said he was alive .
It is very difficult to confirm information from Pakistan 's north - western tribal belt .
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
The rash of COVID - 19 cases that have spread among the Tennessee Titans and forced a postponement of this week 's game with the Pittsburgh Steelers have served to amplify the importance of the protocols the NFL has put in place to quell the spread of the virus this season .
When members of the Las Vegas Raiders [ more ]
Additions , with occasional commentary , to my on - line collection of propaganda from Nazi Germany and the German Democratic Republic
READER COMMENTS ON
" FOLLOW -UP : ' Orange Alert ' on Diebold , LHS Associates & the Vulnerable Senate Race in MA ... "
( 18 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Mauibrad said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
Poll Monitors for # ScottBrown Needed : All Expenses Paid http://bit.ly/4O1DW0
Also contact http://www.brownforussenate.com/
781-444-0200
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 1/18/2010 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
I suspect the White House will tell Coakley to concede quickly if it looks like she is losing because they can " take care of HCR in other ways . "
Fact is , the " smartest guys in the room " in the West Wing do n't BELIEVE in electoral fraud .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/19/2010 @ 2:10 am PT ...
The way the corporate media is pushing that last minute " surge " in the polls is very telling , is n't it ?
and the way they have a record of making a horse race out of horse shit is telling also .
( see '08 presidential race ) According to what I 've seen is that the Republican can only win if there is a low turnout .
With a " Kennedy " in the race , there is a 5 % ignorant voter offset and another 5 % in vote tally shenanigans ... There 's that pesky 10 % again .
We 'll see .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/19/2010 @ 2:15 am PT ...
I should add that the ignorant Kennedy voter offset could go as high as 20 % +
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Gray said on 1/19/2010 @ 6:37 am PT ...
Already two reports about voting machine breakdown at the Globe 's PollWatching forum : Boston / Jamaica Plains and Chelmsford / Drum Hill .
Check for more here :
http://b3.caspio.com/dp....10001f168068ac644737a10d
Hmm , does someone keep track of such incidents ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/19/2010 @ 6:44 am PT ...
Good interview on Steph this morning .
Count the damn votes .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:26 am PT ...
Does anyone else think the media is totally 24×7 pushing Brown over Coakley ?
Just like Bush vs. Gore ?
They practically christened Brown the victor before anyone voted !
Something funny is going on here in my opinion .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:28 am PT ...
Tell me what makes sense about the bluest state , which Obama won by 26 % only a year ago , and a seat held by the Kennedy 's for 46 years ... suddenly is ( supposedly according to the media ) going to vote Republican ?
Does that make any sense to anyone ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:33 am PT ...
Big Dan asked :
Does that make any sense to anyone ?
Sure .
It 's the same state which voted Mitt Romney as their governor .
Remember ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:35 am PT ...
Consider this : Bush NEVER had a majority as big as 18 and did whatever he wanted , but the Democrats are saying that if they lose and only have an 18 advantage in the senate , they can't pass health care reform .
So , the Democrats are either spineless wimps or they do n't want to pass health care reform and this will be a convenient excuse .
And there has been NO positive media about Coakley , all the media stories are negative from the " liberal press " .
And Coakley herself seems to be throwing the race by doing a poor job campaigning .
This whole thing is weird in my opinion .
This Brown guy comes out of nowhere to close a huge lead for Coakley .
Why did that ( supposedly ) happen ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:37 am PT ...
Brad :
Yeah , but we 're talking Kennedy 's old seat .
You 'd think it would be a landslide .
You 're talking about the seat of THE guy who wanted health care reform .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:38 am PT ...
Here 's a good Jon Stewart clip about this :
http://www.thedailyshow....y-18-2010/mass-backwards
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:44 am PT ...
Gray said : Already two reports about voting machine breakdown at the Globe 's PollWatching forum : Boston / Jamaica Plains and Chelmsford / Drum Hill .
Check for more here :
http://b3.caspio.com/dp&...10001f168068ac644737a10d
Unfortunately your link does n't seem to work , Gray .
Got another ?
Hmm , does someone keep track of such incidents ?
We try to , Gray !
Your reports , those on the ground , and what others are seeing out there helps !
Please leave your links here .
And , if necessary , we can open up another thread devoted to them ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Jim March said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:52 am PT ...
This is how I phrased it on a gun-rights board I frequent ... I was trying to cram it all in a nutshell for people completely new to election integrity issues :
---------
Regarding the MA elections , there is something that has me concerned .
And understand , this is a non-partisan sort of concern , that it could be hacked .
BY who , FOR who , God only knows .
See , MA has a population of only about 6.5 mil ... more or less identical to AZ .
But the population is a lot more spread out in MA. 56 % of the AZ vote is piled up in Maricopa County where Phoenix is .
Boston really is n't that big , not much bigger than Tucson .
MA does n't handle vote counting at the county level , but rather the city level .
So if this election were handled in AZ , there 'd be 13 vote counting centers to keep track of , one per county .
In MA , over 300 .
Nobody , not even the Dems or GOP has the kind of election - knowledgeable manpower to keep track .
That 's problem one .
Problem two is that a lot of these 300 + agencies are tiny , with no computer skills to speak of in - house in way too many cases .
So they outsource the entire vote handling process to a fairly shady election services company in the northeast called LHS Associates ... who are very secretive about how they do business , have made many weird statements about how they deal with election issues AND have had executives get busted for drug sales not long ago ... and kept 'em on staff after .
See also :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiiaBqwqkXs
LHS rents devices just like what are seen in the above video all over MA .
You can see 'em being hacked in the segments above from the HBO documentary " Hacking Democracy " .
And you can see LHS execs making security claims that do n't hold water at all .
http://www.bbvforums.org...gi?file=/1954/71236.html
Now , every vibe LHS gives off are " criminal " rather than " ideologues on one side or the other " .
So I have NO clue whatsoever which candidate is at risk .
But I am quite concerned that the election is at risk , with LHS having that much control over a bunch of small , clueless election agencies .
I believe LHS can pick the winner in this race , pure and simple .
Full disclosure : I 'm a member of the board of directors at http://blackboxvoting.org
---------
The very next response : ---------
Man , that 's some great information , but now I feel bummed .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:54 am PT ...
This Brown guy is crazy : Rachel Maddow - Critical Mass http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABxzb5COrhs
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:26 am PT ...
Um . Can someone in Ma confirm THIS ?!?
" Boston Globe says Coakley winning w/100 % of precincts reporting BEFORE 1 pm " http://thephoenix.com/BL...-for-martha-coakley.aspx
This is too bizarro sloppy , even for LHS .
I 'd say this has to be a gag , but the link looks like a legit screenshot / has a complete precinct breakdown .
Can anyone confirm ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:48 am PT ...
UPDATE : Bev Harris at BBV responds :
" The media outlets often have something that looks like results before the polls close , but those are usually testing their results Web site with dummy numbers .
Only if the numbers actually end up matching the real results is that relevant --- but that would be very important if it happened , so it is always a good idea to get a screen shot of such early postings . "
Righto .
Good to know .
We 'll see .
However , of interest : John Zogby called it for Coakley by less than 1 % , and on the Sean Hannity show , no less .
Audio here :
http://www.dailymotion.com/swf/xbwtx2
... well , this is getting saucy already , ain't it ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:52 am PT ...
If you thought all you had to worry about was Chinese growth collapsing and a double dip recession , think again .
The World Economic Forum has put together their best of collection of potential economy crushing crises and there are far more than you might imagine .
From oil price spikes to nuclear proliferation , here is what to look forward to in the new decade .
Are you a verbal learner or a visual learner ?
Chances are , you 've pegged yourself or your children as either one or the other and rely on study techniques that suit your individual learning needs .
And you 're not alone -- for more than 30 years , the notion that teaching methods should match a student 's particular learning style has exerted a powerful influence on education .
The long - standing popularity of the learning styles movement has in turn created a thriving commercial market amongst researchers , educators , and the general public .
The wide appeal of the idea that some students will learn better when material is presented visually and that others will learn better when the material is presented verbally , or even in some other way , is evident in the vast number of learning - style tests and teaching guides available for purchase and used in schools .
But does scientific research really support the existence of different learning styles , or the hypothesis that people learn better when taught in a way that matches their own unique style ?
Unfortunately , the answer is no , according to a major new report published this month in Psychological Science in the Public Interest , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science .
The report , authored by a team of eminent researchers in the psychology of learning -- Hal Pashler ( University of San Diego ) , Mark McDaniel ( Washington University in St. Louis ) , Doug Rohrer ( University of South Florida ) , and Robert Bjork ( University of California , Los Angeles ) -- reviews the existing literature on learning styles and finds that although numerous studies have purported to show the existence of different kinds of learners ( such as " auditory learners " and " visual learners " ) , those studies have not used the type of randomized research designs that would make their findings credible .
Nearly all of the studies that purport to provide evidence for learning styles fail to satisfy key criteria for scientific validity .
Any experiment designed to test the learning - styles hypothesis would need to classify learners into categories and then randomly assign the learners to use one of several different learning methods , and the participants would need to take the same test at the end of the experiment .
If there is truth to the idea that learning styles and teaching styles should mesh , then learners with a given style , say visual - spatial , should learn better with instruction that meshes with that style .
The authors found that of the very large number of studies claiming to support the learning - styles hypothesis , very few used this type of research design .
Of those that did , some provided evidence flatly contradictory to this meshing hypothesis , and the few findings in line with the meshing idea did not assess popular learning - style schemes .
No less than 71 different models of learning styles have been proposed over the years .
Most have no doubt been created with students ' best interests in mind , and to create more suitable environments for learning .
But psychological research has not found that people learn differently , at least not in the ways learning - styles proponents claim .
Given the lack of scientific evidence , the authors argue that the currently widespread use of learning - style tests and teaching tools is a wasteful use of limited educational resources .
CHOOSE WISELY
By Timothy N. Baldwin , JD .
January 20 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
The sentiment is brewing , the consensus is collecting and the solution is becoming more apparent : the States of America must reclaim their sovereignty and independence to protect our God - given liberty and freedom .
At this point in our country ’s existence , I dare say that the time for persuading others to “ join their side ” is over .
For the most part , the people of the states have chosen what type of government they want , how they relate to that government and what they are willing to do to effectuate it .
American history reveals the same categorical beliefs concerning freedom and government have existed since 1776 ( as human nature never changes ) : a small percentage ( say , 10 % ) fight for freedom and independence ; a small percentage ( say , 10 % ) fight for imperialism ; a large majority ( say 40 % ) care nothing about getting involved ; and the remaining percentage follow whomever they believe will win at the end of the day , to merely be treated as favorably as possible by the victors .
These choices become more revealed as oppression becomes harsher and more intense , for with every action there is a reaction .
As the oppression from the federal government has become increasingly known and felt over the past one hundred years , those who have attempted to remedy the situation have explored solutions , most of which involved merely voting .
Unfortunately , the solutions used during the twentieth century have proven ineffectual to protect freedom , and perhaps worse : they have aided the oppression of the federal government .
Many are saying , enough is enough .
Thus , now in 2010 , real solutions are being seriously considered , not the least of which is an individual state ’s DECLARATION ON INDEPENDENCE , just as the colonies did in 1776 .
This Declaration of Independence is commonly referred to as Secession .
Perhaps there is not a single issue that cuts to the heart of American principles more than the matter of declaring independence from all others , as secession does .
The principles in support of or against secession are literally a dividing line that cannot be resolved by a ( supposed ) “ common court ” or “ final arbiter , ” such as the federal supreme court .
A court can no more dictate to a body - politic ( i.e. state ) regarding the principles of self - government , consent of the governed , sovereignty , statehood , natural law , or breach - of - compact remedies than it can dictate an individual ’s ability to defend his home from unlawful invaders .
Indeed , the States have never given up this natural right to govern and defend themselves , especially where the compact ( i.e. the constitution ) has been violated ( e.g. “ long train of abuses [ evincing ] a design to reduce them under absolute despotism ” ) by the entity created to be bound to its terms ( i.e. the federal government ) .
How do we know this ?
First , because there is nothing in the terms of the US Constitution itself which even implies that the states gave up their right to dissolve their part in the compact , which was formed by their voluntary assent to begin with .
To the contrary , the US Constitution confirms that sovereignty of states in the tenth amendment .
Second , because all of the most influential freedom documents used by our founding generation giving political , moral and legal grounds to secede from Great Britain confirm the right of a body - politic to disassociate itself with other states where the compact between them is violated .
Third , because the “ Laws of Nature and Nature ’s God ” reveal that a body - politic has the right “ to alter or to abolish [ government ] , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . ”
Fourth , because the very principles used to empower the federal government , contrary to the true meaning of the constitution , confirm that if the federal government ’s powers can change with circumstances , so can the States ’ powers , “ to secure these rights [ of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . ”
You may not like the fact that all the States in America have this right of self - government .
You may not agree with it .
You may not understand it .
But your opinion on the matter does not change their right given by God Himself .
You may wish that the States would be perpetually bound to a union enslaving them .
You may say that the States MUST pass a constitutional amendment to “ reinstitute freedom . ”
You may opine that three - fourths of the States are the only means of preserving freedom .
You may believe that each State could not “ make it on its own . ”
But your opinions does not change the laws of nature , the rights and powers of an individual state , the authority of an individual body - politic and the obligations of all external subjects and objects ( e.g. the federal government ) relevant to the sovereign political decision of each state .
When the US Constitution was being publically discussed , it was never proposed that the union would thrive because of government FORCE holding them together .
Rather , a moral bond was presupposed to hold the states together ; namely , the principles of freedom revealed through the Laws of Nature and Nature ’s God .
Moreover , the States rested their ratification of the compact in 1787 upon the assumption that all the states and the federal government ( their creation ) would maintain the requisite element of GOOD FAITH to “ uphold , defend and support the Constitution of the United States of America . ”
Without this assumption of good faith , “ they would never [ have ] coalesce [ d ] into one body . ”
Samuel Pufendorf , Two Books of the Elements of Universal Jurisprudence , ( Indianapolis , IN , Liberty Fund , 2009 ) , 127 .
Those individual bodies - politic understood that “ men who violate those pacts are sinning against the same law . ” Ibid. , 126 .
Advertisement
Therefore , where the necessary and requisite element of GOOD FAITH does not exist in that society , there will necessarily exist a valid fear that the compact will continually be breached .
See , Ibid. , at 127 .
When continuing fears of such breaches exist , “ no civil society [ can ] be…preserved . ”
Ibid .
To many , this reality is all too clear .
The federal government has demonstrated its continual and intended breach of the compact formed in 1787 .
To them , the shame they should feel for violating this compact apparently does not furnish enough restraint to limit their actions within the lines and bounds of delegated authority .
Bad faith is evident and obvious .
As a result , the people of the states are reviving their rights under the rule of law , which states , “ if one party has broken its pledged good faith the other party is no longer bound . ”
Ibid. , 122 .
From this rule of law , a truth follows : “ he who does not stand by pacts already violated by the other party is not perfidious . ”
Ibid .
In other words , where the non-breaching party of a compact no longer recognizes its obligations under the original compact , that non-breaching party is within its rights in doing so , viz - a - viz , secession .
In 2010 , freedom - loving people in America are taking these principles seriously and have decided to lead their community and state in this regard .
Many are running for state political office and are literally campaigning on the principles of state sovereignty , independence and / or secession .
You can visit the following site to see which candidates have signed what is called the “ Ten - Four Pledge , ” sponsored by Michael Boldin , creator of www.tenthamendmentcenter.com.
These candidates are doing what no generation of candidates has done in a long time : they are standing on the principles of true federalism , wherein the states have the power and even the duty to resist federal tyranny .
Consider their “ Ten - Four Pledge ” in part .
“ As a public office holder , or a candidate for public office , I promise that , as long as I hold office :
1 . My votes will always be in favor of the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution of this State .
Every issue .
Every time .
No exceptions .
No excuses .
2. I do , and will continue to , oppose any and all efforts by the federal government to act beyond its Constitutional authority .
3 . I will proactively introduce and support measures designed to adhere to the Tenth Amendment and preserve , to their fullest extent , the powers of the People in my district , and of the legislators and administrations of my State .
4 . I will introduce , sponsor and support resolutions affirming the sovereignty of the People of this State under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States .
5 . I will introduce , sponsor , and support legislation that nullifies , within my state , actions of the federal government which exceed its Constitutional authority .
6 . I will introduce , sponsor and support legislation that provides such relief as is necessary and proper to provide fair redress to the citizens of my State in response to actions by the federal government which exceeds its Constitutional authority .
7 . I will introduce , sponsor and support legislation which refuses federal funding made on condition that my State comply with federal mandates not authorized by the Constitution .
8 . I will only vote in favor of a bill that I have thoroughly read , considered and understood .
9 . I will be accountable to voters .
Upon request , I will make public every vote I cast while in office .
10 .
I will keep this pledge public , and will provide a link on my website which directs constituents to the text of this pledge . ”
Candidates like these will only continue to grow .
This is not going away .
Whether you like it or not , a revolution is taking place in America .
It is a revolution standing firm on the principles that our founding generation fought and died for : self - government , consent of the governed , constitutional government , limited government , separation of powers , lines of sovereignty , natural laws of God , freedom and all that implies .
A constitution itself may be virtually ignored by the government it created , but the principles and power of freedom never leave a body of people who are willing to take action and yes , sacrifice for these principles ’ preeminence .
Indeed , were it not for those men and women who truly believed ( “ faith without works is dead ” ) that duty to God required resistance to tyranny , it is likely that the “ experiment ” in freedom would never have gotten to the laboratory of a constitution in 1781 or 1787 .
The colonies would have remained dependent on Great Britain .
The colonies would have never become sovereign and independent states .
The checks and balances , limitations and bounds of delegation within a written constitution , based upon the natural laws of God , would have never been incorporated into American governmental fabric .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Face the facts : the train of abuses is not slowing down .
Just the opposite , it is gaining speed and adding more carts to its momentum every day .
The time for choosing sides has just about expired .
When the hammer falls , knowing where to stand and why will be crucial to you and your posterity ’s freedom .
Make the right decision : choose freedom .
Go to www.libertydefenseleague.com for articles , speeches and interviews of Timothy Baldwin .
ï¿½ 2010 Timothy N. Baldwin , JD - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
Timothy Baldwin is an attorney from Pensacola , FL , who received his bachelor of arts degree at the University of West Florida and who graduated from Cumberland School of Law at Samford University in Birmingham , AL .
After having received his Juris Doctorate degree from Cumberland School of Law , Baldwin became a Felony Prosecutor in the 1st District of Florida .
In 2006 , he started his own law practice , where he created specialized legal services entirely for property management companies .
Like his father , Chuck Baldwin , Timothy Baldwin is an astute writer of cutting - edge political articles , which he posts on his website , www.libertydefenseleague.com.
Baldwin is also the author of the soon - to - be - released book entitled , Freedom For A Change , in which Baldwin expounds the fundamental principles of freedom believed by America ’s forefathers and gives inspiring and intelligent application of those principles to our current political and cultural standing .
Baldwin is involved in important state sovereignty movement issues , including being co-counsel in the federal litigation in Montana involving the Firearms Freedom Act , the likes of which is undoubtedly a pivotal and essential ingredient to restoring freedom and federalism in the states of America .
Baldwin is also a member of freedom organizations , such as The Oath - Keepers , and believes that the times require all freedom - loving Americans to educate , invigorate and activate the principles of freedom within the States of America for ourselves and our posterity .
Web site : LibertyDefenseLeague
E- Mail : tim@libertydefenseleague.com
As if stellar reviews were n’t enough , Bayonetta is fast becoming the new Lara Croft as she continues to receive coverage and attention from sources outside of the gaming press .
Whether it ’s in the form of a Google Chrome browser theme , a lookalike contest for Maxim , or even in song , the media ca n’t seem to get enough of her .
The newest comparatively mainstream publication to feature something on her is none other than Playboy magazine , which is now holding a reader - voted contest on which of their 5 models is the hottest witch .
You can vote at Playboy ’s site and you can see a gallery of the contestants after the jump .
Bulk updates with cursors
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under app-engine , python , coding , deferred , tech , cursors
Last week , I blogged about cursors , a new feature in version 1.3.1 of the App Engine SDK .
Today , I 'm going to demonstrate a practical use for them : Bulk datastore updates .
In both the Remote API and deferred articles , I used a ( perhaps poorly named ) ' mapper ' class as an example of ways to use these libraries .
In neither case was the class intended to be anything other than a sample use case for the library , but nevertheless , people have used the examples in production .
The introduction of cursors provides a prime opportunity to introduce a more robust , yet simpler , version of the bulk updater concept .
First , let 's define a few requirements for our bulk updater :
Support for any query for which a cursor can be obtained
Handles failure of individual updates gracefully
Can fail the whole update process if enough errors are encountered
Handles timeout errors , service unavailability , etc , transparently
Can report completion to admins
As in the Remote API and Deferred articles , we 'll implement the updater as an abstract class , which individual updater implementations should subclass .
Here 's the basic interface :
import logging import time from google .
appengine .api import mail from google .
appengine.ext import db from google.appengine.ext .deferred import defer from google.appengine.runtime import apiproxy_errors class BulkUpdater ( object ) : " " " A bulk updater for datastore entities .
Subclasses should implement , at a minimum , get_query and handle_entity . " " " # Number of entities to put( ) at once .
PUT_BATCH_SIZE = 20 # Number of entities to delete ( ) at once .
DELETE_BATCH_SIZE
= 20 # Maximum time to spend processing before enqueueing the next task in seconds .
MAX_EXECUTION_TIME
= 20.0 # Maximum number of failures to tolerate before aborting .
- 1 indicates # no limit , in which case the list of failed keys will not be retained .
MAX_FAILURES = 0 def __init__( self ) : self.__to_put = [ ] self.__to_delete = [ ] self.__failed_keys = [ ] self.num_processed = 0 self.num_tasks = 0 self.num_put = 0 self.num_deleted = 0 def get_query ( self ) : " " " Returns the query to iterate over .
Returns : A db .
Query or db .
GqlQuery object .
The returned query must support cursors . " " " raise NotImplementedError ( ) def handle_entity ( self , entity ) : " " " Performs processing on a single entity .
Args : entity : A db .
Model instance to update . " " " raise NotImplementedError ( ) def finish ( self , success , failed_keys ) : " " " Finish processing .
Called after all entities have been updated .
Args : success : boolean : Indicates if the process completed successfully , or was aborted due to too many errors .
failed_keys : list : A list of db .
Key objects that could not be updated . " " " pass
The first thing we do is define some constants that will affect the operation of our updater - the batch sizes for put and delete operations , and the maximum time to execute before enqueueing the next task .
This last one is necessary because tests have shown that the approach used in the deferred article , of catching the first deadline error and enqueueing the next task then , is not sufficiently reliable .
We also define a maximum number of update failures to tolerate before aborting the update process .
We need some way for updater instances to propagate their changes back to the datastore .
As with previous mappers , we want to batch these operations for efficiency .
This time , let 's define helper methods that the handle_entity ( ) method can call :
def put ( self , entities ) : " " " Stores updated entities to the datastore .
Updates are batched for efficiency .
Args : entities :
An entity , or list of entities , to store . " " " if isinstance ( entities , db.
Model ) : entities = [ entities ] self.__to_put.extend(entities ) while len( self.__to_put ) > self .
PUT_BATCH_SIZE : db.put(self.__to_put[-self.PUT_BATCH_SIZE : ] ) del self .
__to_put [- self .PUT_BATCH_SIZE :] self.num_put += self .
PUT_BATCH_SIZE def delete ( self , entities ) : " " " Deletes entities from the datastore .
Deletes are batched for efficiency .
Args : entities :
An entity , key , or list of entities or keys , to delete . " " " if isinstance ( entities , ( db. Key , db. Model , basestring ) ) : entities = [ entities ] self.__to_delete.extend(entities ) while len( self.__to_delete ) > self .
DELETE_BATCH_SIZE : db.delete(self.__to_delete[-self.DELETE_BATCH_SIZE : ] ) del self .
__to_delete[-self.DELETE_BATCH_SIZE :] self.num_deleted += self .DELETE_BATCH_SIZE
These methods are fairly straightforward :
We add passed in entities or keys to our internal lists for batching purposes , and if there are enough entries , we execute the batch update process for each batch .
We use a while loop rather than an if , because a single call to put ( ) or delete ( ) could add more than one batch 's worth of entries to put or delete .
Now we can implement the code that does the actual work .
We 'll start by defining a method that executes a single batch of work :
def __process_entities ( self , q ) : " " " Processes a batch of entities .
Args : q : A query to iterate over doing processing .
Returns :
True if the update process has finished , False otherwise . " " " end_time = time .
time ( ) + self .
MAX_EXECUTION_TIME
for entity in q : try : self.handle_entity ( entity ) except ( db. Timeout , apiproxy_errors.CapabilityDisabledError , apiproxy_errors.DeadlineExceededError ) : # Give up for now - reschedule for later .
return False except Exception , e : # User exception - log and ( perhaps ) continue .
logging.exception ( " Exception occurred while processing entity %r " , entity. key ( ) ) if self .
MAX_FAILURES >= 0 : self.__failed_keys.append(entity.key ( ) ) if len( self.__failed_keys ) > self .
MAX_FAILURES : # Update completed ( failure ) return True self.num_processed += 1 if time .time ( ) > end_time : return False #
The loop finished - we 're done !
return True
The __process_entities method takes a query , already positioned at the start of a batch , and iterates over it .
We use iteration rather than the more efficient fetch ( ) , because we do n't know how many entities we will be able to process in the allotted time .
Most of this method is taken up with exception handling .
Several exceptions are treated specially - db.
Timeout , apiproxy_errors .CapabilityDisabledError , and apiproxy_errors .
DeadlineExceededError , by immediately terminating the batch .
We give up immediately on Timeout errors due to the new changes in 1.3.1 which mean that a Timeout returned to our code almost certainly indicates a need to retry at a later stage .
Other errors are assumed to be user errors , and are caught and logged .
If there 's a finite threshold for the maximum number of user errors , the key of the failing entity is recorded , and we abort if we 've reached the limit .
Finally , after processing each entity , we check the current system time , to determine if we have reached our self - imposed deadline .
The method returns
True if processing is done - due to success or failure - and False otherwise .
Now we can define run ( ) , the method that handles the whole process :
def run( self , _start_cursor=None ) : " " " Begins or continues a batch update process . " " " q = self.get_query ( ) if _start_cursor : q.with_cursor(_start_cursor ) finished = self.__process_entities (q ) #
Store or delete any remaining entities if self .
__to_put : db.put(self.__to_put ) if self .
__to_delete : db.delete(self.__to_delete ) self.num_put += len(self.__to_put ) self.__to_put = [ ] self.num_deleted += len(self.__to_delete ) self.__to_delete = [ ] self .
num_tasks += 1 if finished : logging .info(
" Processed %d entities in %d tasks , putting %d and deleting %d " , self.num_processed , self.num_tasks , self.num_put , self.num_deleted ) self.finish(len(self.__failed_keys ) <= self .
MAX_FAILURES and self .
MAX_FAILURES >= 0 , self.__failed_keys ) else : defer( self.run , q.cursor ( ) )
run ( ) 's main job is to create a query with which to call __process_entities ( ) , and to clean up after it by storing and deleting any remaining entities .
Finally , it checks if the process has finished ; if it has , it calls finish ( ) ; otherwise , it enqueues the next task , picking up where this one left off .
Back in the original requirements , we included the requirement that it be possible to report completion to admins .
Let 's do that with a mixin :
class ReportingMixin( object ) : def __init__( self , email_sender=None ) : " " " Constructor .
Args : email_sender :
If set , send a completion email to admins , from the provided email address . " " " super ( Reporting Mixin , self ) .__init__ ( ) self .email_sender = email_sender def finish ( self , success , failed_keys ) : super( Reporting Mixin , self ) .
finish ( success , failed_keys ) if not self .
email_sender : return if success : message =
" Bulk update job %s completed successfully !
" % self .
__class__ subject = " Bulk update completed " else : message = " Bulk update job %s failed .
" % self .
__class__ subject = " Bulk update FAILED " message += ( " Processed %d entities in %d tasks , putting %d and deleting %d
" % ( self.num_processed , self.num_tasks , self.num_put , self.num_deleted ) ) if failed_keys : message +=
" Processing failed for the following keys :
" for key in failed_keys : message += " %r
" % key mail.send_mail_to_admins(self.email_sender , subject , message )
This mixin simply extends the finish ( ) method , and if a sender address is provided , sends an email from it to all the app's admins , giving a brief report of the process 's completion or failure .
Finally , we can define a couple of simple classes for commonly used types of update operation :
class BulkPut( ReportingMixin , BulkUpdater ) : def __init__( self , query , email_sender=None ) : super ( BulkPut , self ) .__init__( email_sender ) self.query = query def get_query ( self ) : return self . query def handle_entity ( self , entity ) : self.put( entity ) class BulkDelete ( Reporting Mixin , BulkUpdater ) : def __init__( self , query , email_sender=None ) : super ( BulkDelete , self ) .__init__( email_sender ) self.query = query def get_query ( self ) : return self . query def handle_entity ( self , entity ) : self.delete( entity )
These two classes are almost identical , except for the operation carried out on each entity .
In each case , the constructor takes a Query object , which is stored as an instance attribute and returned by get_query ; this works because Query objects are picklable , and run ( ) is guaranteed not to modify the query except by calling .with_cursor ( ) on it .
We can test our updater from the remote_api console , like so :
notdot - blog > updater = bulkupdate.BulkPut( models.BlogPost.all( ) ) notdot - blog > updater .
MAX_EXECUTION_TIME=1.0 notdot-blog > defer(updater.run )
Checking the admin console shows the deferred tasks being executed , and checking our email shows a message in our inbox titled " Bulk update completed " .
As always , bear in mind the limitations of the deferred library when it comes to import path changes , etcetera .
The complete source of our new bulk updater can be found here .
Finally , a few suggestions for how you can use this module :
Updating instances of a model whose definition has changed , for indexing purposes , using the BulkPut class we defined above .
Bulk deleting an entity kind , or a subset of it , using the BulkDelete class we defined above .
Calculating global statistics by storing them against the BulkUpdater instance across requests .
Make sure these remain small - if the pickled size of the entity exceeds 10 k , each deferred invocation will have to load it from the datastore and store it again at the end !
Migrating models to new definitions or kind names .
Performing more complex ' map ' operations , such as inserting or updating one entity based on the contents of another .
Doing periodic updates of stored counts , etc .
Got more ideas ?
Mention them in the comments !
Are you using this class for something novel ?
Let us know !
Disqus
The CIA headquarters in Virginia .
Former officers have accused the service of institutional weakness .
Photograph : Larry Downing / Corbis / Sygma
Long - term weaknesses in US intelligence - gathering have been ruthlessly exposed over the last fortnight by the Christmas Day airline plot and the Afghanistan suicide bombing which killed seven CIA officers , according to former and serving intelligence officers .
Barack Obama joined the criticism yesterday , slamming the agencies for a near - catastrophic intelligence breakdown over the 25 December bomb attempt .
Speaking after a White House inquest to which he called all the agencies involved , he expressed frustration and anger at the way the bomb plot had been handled : " The system has failed in a potentially ­disastrous way . "
In a departure from his normally cool public demeanour , the president said that the intelligence services had had all the information they needed about the plot and the Nigerian suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , but they failed to connect the dots .
" I will not accept that , " he said .
" We have to do better .
We will do better and we have to do it quickly .
American lives are on the line . "
White House officials said later that no one had offered to resign at the meeting .
However , it could prove harder to avoid either sackings or resignations when the outcome of a review into the intelligence handling is published later this week .
Former and serving officers are scathing about the way the operation in Afghanistan has been run and see it is part of an institutional weakness in the CIA and other intelligence - gathering agencies .
They said that the biggest US crisis in intelligence - gathering since 9/11 had been brought about mainly because no single agency is in charge , with a dozen agencies fighting for their own turf .
One of the most damning assessments came from a serving officer , Major General Michael Flynn , deputy head of military intelligence in Afghanistan .
In a lengthy report published on Monday evening for a Washington thinktank , he and colleagues said the vast apparatus in Afghanistan was only marginally relevant .
Analysts in Washington were so starved of information that " many say their jobs feel more like fortune - telling than detective work " , the report says .
In an interview with the Guardian , Larry Johnson , a former CIA officer and counterterrorism agent , said it had become " sloppy " in its field intelligence gathering ; the suicide bombing at Khost in Afghanistan which killed eight , including the seven CIA officers , was part of that .
The CIA thought it had turned Humam Khalil Abu Mulal al - Balawi , a Jordanian doctor , into one of their agents .
It allowed him onto the base after he asked for a meeting , offering as bait a promise of information about the whereabouts of Osama bin Laden 's deputy , Ayman al - Zawahiri .
He then blew himself up .
A school friend , Mohammed Yousef , said that Balawi had deceived his ­family and friends in Jordan , telling them in March he was going to Turkey for studies when he in fact travelled to Afghanistan to join militants .
He had wanted to die in a holy war , and wrote angry articles on the web calling for jihad against the US and Israel .
Johnson pointed to failures at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan , where the attack was made : a source supposedly as significant as Balawi should never have been brought inside the base , because it risked exposing him ; also , he should have been debriefed by a much smaller group , not the dozen or so CIA men present when he set off the bomb .
He described those errors as symptomatic of a larger trend within the agency .
" You have a lot of inexperienced people being shoved out into the field without adequate mentoring and without proper training , " Johnson said .
The CIA has had many crises since its inception in 1946 .
A high point was its claim to have helped win the cold war , but a low point was reached with the failure to prevent 9/11 .
Last year the Obama administration revealed details of waterboarding and other torture , and there were reports of links with the private contractor Blackwater , being sued by Iraq for killing civilians in an unprovoked attack in 2007 .
Pat Lang , a veteran former head of analysis and clandestine human intelligence for the Defence Intelligence Agency , echoed Johnson 's criticism of the Khost operation .
" A number of basic rules were violated .
One that comes to mind is you never trust foreign agent assets , " he said .
" I think it is a very big crisis .
It shows that the level of skill in operations has declined so far that they [ the CIA ] are a menace to themselves , " said Lang .
According to Lang , one major flaw was the failure of the Bush administration after 9/11 to put one agency in overall charge .
Gary Berntsen , a former senior CIA officer in the Middle East , said a hiring freeze under President Bill Clinton had left a gap at the CIA .
" When a bunch of guys like me retired all at 50 , there 's a gap .
And now we 've got a lot of inexperienced people coming on who are being forced into senior positions in the field before they 're ready . "
But he disputed suggestions that the bomb at Khost indicated systemic problems .
" The agency deals with these sorts of things every single day successfully ; this is an individual case where they failed .
They got beat on this case , they got beat bad …
My heart goes out to the families .
But this does not indicate the agency is in crisis in any way . "
He also criticised Obama 's selection of Leon Panetta to head the CIA , noting his lack of intelligence experience .
" I 'm sure he 's learning every day , but you do n't need to be learning on the job .
For anyone to say it does n't have an effect is dishonest . "
Obama promised within days of his inauguration last year to close Guantánamo in Cuba within a year .
The timetable has slipped and he has been accused by right - wing critics of endangering American lives .
But yesterday , after the White House meeting , he shrugged aside the critics and said he would continue with a plan for closure of Guantánamo Bay , a detention camp which had acted as a recruiting base for al - Qaida .
He added , though , that he was suspending the release of Yemenis on security grounds .
4 steps to a better writing
Read wider
Before you can become a professional essay writer who can do an effective definition of the type of essay , one thing you have to consider is whether you have knowledge .
There is need to study different types of essays and denote the key things that bring the distinctions between them .
There are multiple materials online that talk on how one can define an essay .
Search them , read and make the necessary conclusions .
The broader you study , the easier it will be to make a complete definition .
Read through the essay to get the idea
It is not always true that you will find a definite name of the essay type in the introductory section when you have an already written paper .
In this case , you are quite lucky because you all you need to define what the information is all about .
As you skim through various parts therefore , note down the various things that are put into focus by most of the content .
Note them down on a clean sheet of paper and then rule out the weaker points so that you narrow down to fewer options .
If you remain with two essay types which you cannot make a clearly distinction , get to the introduction , the conclusion or even the title if it is present .
Check The Title Check whether a specific essay name has been mentioned in the title .
In most cases , you lecturer might give you a clue by directly including the type of the essay in the title .
You therefore have to take adequate time on each title so that you do not get a hard time when it comes to the identification .
For instance , there are those that start in this manner , “ A compare and contrast essay about … . ”
Here , you should quickly notice the presence of the words “ compare ” and “ contrast . ”
Quickly form it in your mind that this is a compare and contrast essay and therefore , you will need to contrasting things that also have some similarities .
In a ruling that could leave the government open to billions of dollars in claims from Hurricane Katrina victims , a federal judge said late Wednesday that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had displayed “ gross negligence ” in failing to maintain a navigation channel -- resulting in levee breaches that flooded large swaths of greater New Orleans .
U.S. District Judge Stanwood R. Duval peppered his 156 - page decision , issued in New Orleans , with harsh criticism of the Army corps , at one point citing its “ insouciance , myopia and shortsightedness ” in failing to maintain the Mississippi River - Gulf Outlet , known locally as MRGO .
For more than 40 years , the judge said , the corps had known that a crucial levee protecting suburban St. Bernard Parish and the Lower 9th Ward neighborhood would be compromised by the deterioration of the channel .
The corps had “ myriad ” ways to address the problem , he wrote , but failed to do so .
Duval awarded a total of $ 719,000 to a small group of flood victims that sued the government in April 2006 .
Advertisement
But according to Pierce O’Donnell , the lead plaintiff ’s counsel , roughly 100,000 New Orleans - area residents and businesses who have filed flood - damage claims with the Army corps were now potentially eligible for payment .
In a phone interview , O’Donnell hailed what he called a historic ruling , one that backed the widely held contention in New Orleans that the 2005 catastrophe was not just the fault of Mother Nature .
“ The judge agreed with us that Katrina was not a natural disaster , ” O’Donnell said .
“ Katrina was a man-made disaster caused by the Army Corps of Engineers . ”
In a statement Wednesday , the Army corps said only that the opinion was being reviewed by lawyers from the Army and Justice Department .
“ We have no further comment at this time as the issues involved in the case are still subject to further litigation , ” the corps said .
Advertisement
At the heart of the case was maintenance and operation of the Mississippi River - Gulf Outlet .
The channel , which was decommissioned after Katrina , was completed in the 1960s as a shipping shortcut between New Orleans and the Gulf of Mexico .
Over the years , the marshy banks of the channel had widened significantly in spots -- and long before Katrina hit , experts had warned that the destruction of wetlands could create a funnel effect that would intensify storm surges .
During the trial , attorneys for the government argued that the Army Corps of Engineers was not liable for the post - hurricane flooding because it was immune from civil lawsuits questioning federal flood policy decisions .
But Duval found that such “ gross negligence ” overrode any immunity claim .
His opinion , however , does not apply to residents of New Orleans East , another badly flooded part of the region where O’Donnell had hoped to score a victory .
Duval ruled that the Army corps was not negligent for failing to build a surge protection barrier there .
Advertisement
The overall ruling could create problems for the Obama administration , which has promised to bring more attention and care to New Orleans than was evident during President George W. Bush ’s administration .
Katrina , one of the worst disasters in U.S. history , caused more than 1,800 deaths in the Gulf Coast states and wreaked billions of dollars in property damage .
In New Orleans , the storm surge breached levees in several places , flooding about 80 % of the city .
Many residents were left trapped on roofs or in attics for days .
The federal government has promised tens of billions of dollars in post - storm rebuilding aid to Louisiana .
The Justice Department has estimated that the total outstanding civil claims could amount to billions more .
But those claimants , O’Donnell said , might not be paid until the appeals process is exhausted , which could last years .
He called upon the Obama administration and Congress to agree to a universal settlement -- something he said the Bush administration had pledged not to do .
Advertisement
O’Donnell said his team had filed a separate legal action that seeks to cover those thousands of victims in a class - action suit .
He noted that the federal government had agreed to universal settlements in past cases in which it had erred , including after a 1976 failure of the Teton Dam in Idaho and the 2000 Cerro Grande fire in New Mexico , which started as a federal controlled burn .
--
richard.fausset@latimes.com
I do n't want to give away the whole book ... but I would be remiss if I did not point to the chapters about the unbelievably dysfunctional husband and wife team of John and Elizabeth Edwards .
Not only , it turns out , did many senior Edwards staffer suspect that John was having an affair , several confronted John Edwards about it , and came away believing the rumors .
At least three campaign aides resigned because of their knowledge of the affair well before the national media picked up on those early National Enquirer stories .
And John and Elizabeth ( who the book says was known to Edwards insiders as " abusive , intrusive , paranoid , condescending , crazywoman " ) fought , in front of staffers , about the affair .
The authors describe a moment where Elizabeth , in a such a state of fury , deliberately tears her blouse in the parking lot of a Raleigh airport terminal , " exposing herself .
' Look at me , " she wailed at John and then staggered , nearly falling to the ground . "
( That 's page 142 . )
( This was in October , by the way , well before the media took the reports of the Hunter affair seriously . )
About Obama himself the book includes plenty of observations about his manner and temperament , many astute and some original , though no earth - shattering revelations .
The chapters about John and Cindy McCain 's relationship are fascinating ; the coverage of McCain 's selection of Sarah Palin is mostly familiar ground .
There are insights about the way the Bush White House perceived the McCain campaign , although they can be summed up as : not very well .
There are telling anecdotes , such as when Ed Goeas , a pollster for Rudy Giuliani , responds to Judith Giuliani 's query about how she could best help his campaign : " First of all , you 're his third wife .
What you should try to be is humble . "
( Page 290 ) .
Political scientists are n't going to like this book , because it portrays politics as it is actually lived by the candidates , their staff and the press , which is to say -- a messy , sweaty , ugly , arduous competition between flawed human beings -- a universe away from numbers and probabilities and theories .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
And you wo n’t even complain !
Because this is Soap Light , a portable lamp serenading as a bar of soap !
Fantastic !
It comes with this charger base , predictably fashioned as a soap dish and once fully charged you can place the bar wherever you fancy .
Using the touch interface you can switch it on - off but to dim or brighten the light , you need to rub the bar .
I can picture elegant bars all over my room .
Designers : Jieun Kim & Jiyeon
Ahn of LUCA 12:00
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 122 Shares
But what is interesting is just how wide - ranging the effects will be , far beyond the normal " it will get really hot " and " the hippies will be really smug " we all have been expecting .
Here are some of the effects you probably never saw coming ...
All right , it appears the world has moved past the " is global warming happening " stage and has now moved onto , " how screwed are we ? "
6 The Boozeacalypse
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For most of us , the best part of our day is spending time with loved ones .
For the rest , it 's drowning reality in a pool of sweet , brain - clouding liquors .
Unfortunately , reality does n't want to be drowned and global warming is looking to make it harder to accomplish that goal in the future , as it's predicted higher temperatures are going to lead to either outright shortages , or at least pricier , lower quality booze .
Once again , Billy Carter proves to be ahead of his time .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The problem for beer is malting barley .
As climates become drier in areas where barley is grown , it could cause a disruption in beer production as crops either have to be moved to more hospitable grounds or brewers have to adapt to different varieties of barley which could lead to dreaded ass - flavored beer ( as in , there 's a reason those other varieties are n't used now ) .
For those who like to get a fancier drunk on , the wine industry also faces some changes thanks to global warming , as many wines are region specific and as the climate changes , so too do the way grapes grow and ripen .
Some climatologists predict that by 2050 it will be almost impossible to grow grapes throughout large portions of Italy , Australia , California and France .
Those last two would be known as " the places where most of the good wine comes from . "
A desperate world will have to turn to the Red Sox for quality wine .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The effect on wine tastings and assorted douchebaggery could be devastating , forcing countless people who wear berets and eat room temperature cheese to wander aimlessly from art gallery to art gallery completely sober .
Instead , they may be driven to ...
A New Era of Fiscal Irresponsibility
As Harvard Professor Gregory Mankiw describes , the Office of Management and Budget website introduces the 2011 budget as “ A New Era of Responsibility . ”
Looking at the budget though , you have to wonder if this “ new era ” type of responsibility has anything at all to do with the traditional variety .
In a departure from most previous US budgets , the 2011 version has no hope of balancing , ever .
Despite the projected end of government spending on wars , bailouts , and stimulus , and the projected improvement in government revenue after being choked off by financial crisis , the deficits still continue to grow .
From the New York Times :
“ The troubling feature of Mr. Obama ’s budget is that it fails to return the federal government to manageable budget deficits , even as the wars wind down and the economy recovers from the recession .
According to the administration ’s own numbers , the budget deficit under the president ’s proposed policies will never fall below 3.6 percent of G.D.P .
By 2020 , the end of the planning horizon , it will be 4.2 percent and rising .
“ As a result , the government ’s debts will grow faster than the economy .
The administration projects that the debt - to - G.D.P. ratio will rise in each of the next 10 years .
By 2020 , the government ’s debts will equal 77.2 percent of G.D.P .
This level of indebtedness has not been seen since 1950 , in the aftermath of the borrowing to finance World War II .
“ Making matters worse , these bleak budget projections are based on relatively optimistic economic assumptions .
The administration forecasts economic growth of 3.0 percent from the fourth quarter of 2009 to the fourth quarter of 2010 , followed by 4.3 percent the next year .
By contrast , the Congressional Budget Office predicts growth of 2.1 percent and 2.4 percent for these two years . ”
When you make “ optimistic economic assumptions ” and can still only end up with “ bleak budget projections , ” it ’s a fairly clear sign of trouble ahead .
So , with this budgetary plan in place , we enter into a new era of fiscal irresponsibility .
Read more of Mankiw ’s perspective on why the budget is not sustainable in the New York Times .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Corporate events such as product launching , exhibits , seminars and trainings are all year round company activities for Sales and Marketing .
Either in - house or outsource personnel , an event coordinator is required to do the job .
Here are some tips on planning and organizing a corporate event :
Planning .
Initiate meeting together with the key persons to plan the event .
Know the basic details : type of event , budget allocation , number of target attendees , preferred venue and other specified details .
The goal of the event and the role of each person involved in a team should be clearly defined .
Prepare a checklist and calendar all activities specifically the deadlines of each task .
Schedule a periodic meeting to monitor the progress of the event or have it done electronically to save time .
Have a quick directory of resource persons , suppliers , and other pertinent data needed .
Venue Requirements .
Canvass for the appropriate venue tailored to the type of event .
Conduct an ocular inspection to personally see the facilities .
Once location has been chosen , closely coordinate with the person - in charge and review thoroughly the details of the contract .
Bear in mind that one detail missed can cause hassles and failure of the event .
Target Attendees and Invitations .
Know first what type of attendees you want to attend for the event .
Do you want Architects , Designers , I.T. Professionals , HR Personnel , be specific on the Industries for your attendees .
How do you achieve the target number of attendees ?
Example : 500 target attendees
500 x 4 = 2,000 Distributed invitations
1,000 More or less half of it will confirm
500 More or less half of it will attend the event
Now you hit the target with 500 or more attendees on the actual event .
Ways of Distribution for Invitations :
Create a webpage for the event .
On - line registration is the fastest and a more economical way of drawing attendees .
Email blast .
An effective and a more personalized distribution but if the recipient is not part of the of the existing database , make sure a disclaimer is indicated at the bottom of the invitation .
Direct mails .
For traditional invitations , direct mails are being printed out and sent to targeted attendees .
Though it is more costly , it still makes a good impression to the recipient since it is personalized and tangible .
The downside is it requires a timely distribution , make sure that you hire a trusted courier agency to do the job .
Equipment and Collaterals .
One major detail to be handled efficiently is the equipment specifically the audio and video requirements .
No matter how good the speaker and the presentation itself , the event will not be successful with a poor quality of the audio or malfunctioning equipment .
Technical interruptions is a “ no - no ” to any event .
Resource Speakers .
Prepare honorary token for speakers and attend to their requirements .
Event Day .
This is what we call the big day .
The venue usually gives an “ ingress ” time , two hours or more depending on the type of event .
There are events that requires an ingress a day before the event as well as specific hours for “ egress ” to vacate the area .
The event coordinator , technical persons and the welcoming party are the very first people should be in the venue to make sure everything is set before the program starts .
Normally , a Photographer or a Videographer is required for documentation purposes .
Post - Evaluation of the Event .
Prepare an evaluation sheet for the post-evaluation meeting .
Is the goal met ?
Evaluate performance of each person in the team , formulate actions to be taken to improve future events .
Managing a corporate event is challenging and stressful but with careful planning and efficient execution , success can be achieved .
An event coordinator should possess the following traits : leadership , detailed oriented , resourceful , can deal with different types of people , time management skills , can handle extensive pressure , highly flexible and optimistic .
More Articles :
In Focus : Adult Learning
Things People Normally Forget
Tips And Online Sites For Freelance Photography Business
Monday 's
The Detroit News brought the latest installment of the ongoing saga of where the Red Wings will play next season buried in a story about the Pistons and the Palace of Auburn Hills .
First , some background :
The Red Wings lease on Joe Louis Arena ends at the conclusion of this season .
There has been talk going on for what seems like forever that Ilitch Holdings ( whose subsidiary , Olympia Entertainment , runs both the Red Wings and the Tigers ) , wants to take a large plat of land they own near Comerica Park ( mostly used now for parking ) to build their own arena for the Red Wings .
Of course , these plans were all in an environment in which credit was easy to come by : now , it would be very difficult for anyone , private or public , to get money to build it .
Let 's call a spade a spade : Joe Louis Arena is a dump .
Built in 1979 , the facility was barely considered state - of - the - art at the time .
Olympia Entertainment has shoved seats in every conceivable nook and cranny of that place ( little known fact : the obstructed view seats that go for $ 9 per game used to hold concession stands ) .
It was built primarily to keep the Norris family ( who owned the Red Wings at the time ) from moving out to Pontiac near the Silverdome .
The lease is a sweetheart deal for Olympia Entertainment , paying almost no rent to the City of Detroit ( the owners of the building ) in exchange for upkeep of the building .
The Ilitches have done little in the last 15 years to improve the facility itself : the out of town scoreboards no longer work , the concourse is now filled with obstacles making it hard to maneuver around , and the seats have n't been replaced in the entire 30 - year stretch of the lease .
Chris McClosky , the Red Wings beat reporter for The Detroit News , wrote an article containing exactly one named source ( Red Wings GM Ken Holland saying " he fully expects the team to play at [ Joe Louis Arena ] next season " ) that noted that Karen Davidson , who owns Palace Sports & Entertainment after her husband 's death last year , is in talks with the NBA to sell PS&E ( which includes the Pistons and The Palace of Auburn Hills ) .
McClosky noted that Mike and Marian Ilitch toured the Palace a year ago ( something that was reported at the time ) .
What he brings to the table are a couple of points :
* PS&E has put a five - year lease on the table to Olympia .
Olympia has counter - offered .
* " Joe Louis Arena will need more than $ 10 million in structural repairs before next season . "
The second point is huge for three reasons .
* That statistic is brand - new .
A Google search turns up no previous reference to that number being tied to any sort of repair bill .
* It 's completely unsourced , dropped in without a link to where this piece of information comes in from .
* The use of two key words : " need " and " structural " .
Now , I 'll admit Joe Louis Arena needs work .
But structural work ?
As someone who 's followed the ongoing renovation situation at Wrigley Field for the past 15 years ( nothing like bringing a hard - hat to the ballpark ! ) , adding the word " structural " is a bit of a red flag .
I have yet to read anything implying that there 's a problem with the physical plant of Joe Louis Arena .
That would be a huge game changer : as if to imply that the building is potentially unsafe .
No one 's dodging concrete at the good ol ' hockey game .
I do n't believe for a second that Joe Louis Arena needs $ 10 million in structural repairs .
Something I 've learned from reading and following media critiques is this : if there 's one source identified in an article with a lot of unnamed sources , you 'll win more than you lose betting that the identified source is also at least some of the unidentified sources .
Add to this the fact that McCosky is in his first season covering the Wings after 18 seasons covering the Pistons ( two polar - opposite beats to cover ) , and I can picture pretty easily that he 's being offered a scoop on an Olympia Entertainment silver platter ( probably available at Little Foxes ) that he ate up .
No one likes Joe Louis Arena , but there 's no inherent or immediate physical problem with it .
Want more proof ?
Here 's the most inexplicable sentence in the whole story :
Another option for the Red Wings could be Ford Field , home of the Lions , but sources say the Ilitches have n't yet pursued that possibility .
Well they have n't pursued that possibilty for a couple minor reasons :
1 . There 's another tenant in that stadium who would use the facility for six or seven days during the hockey season , requiring the ice surface to be removed and rebuilt each time .
2. Building an NHL - quality ice surface is n't nearly as easy as , say , constructing and deconstructing a basketball court .
I 'd bet grandma 's china that McCosky asked his source if they had considered Ford Field , as opposed to the source volunteering that information , because no one who has the slightest idea of what it takes to build an ice surface would consider that option .
It 's a newbie question , the kind of thing someone who is ill - informed about what it takes to do that would ask .
So what to take away from this ?
This story was a classic " negotiating through the media " piece .
Ilitch Holdings wants the city to fork over the cash to provide an upgrade to Joe Louis Arena .
By dropping the " $ 10 million in structural repairs " number in there , it 'll start floating around enough that people will assume that statistic is a fact , as opposed to just a number in the ether ( or , for any Orwell fans reading , that we 've always been at war with Eastasia ) .
Dave Bing , the new mayor of Detroit , seems to have enough financial sense not to kowtow to them , especially in a city that 's hemorrhaging money .
Could the Red Wings move to The Palace , either temporarily or permanently ?
Doubtful , but not impossible .
Keep in mind that Olympia would lose suite , concession , and parking revenue for those years .
In an NHL with revenues tightening , I can't see a team doing that unless they had no other choice .
There , however , is one scenario that McCosky hints at :
Palace Sports and Entertainment executives long have had plans to build a new arena before 2020 .
...
Palace sources told The News the idea of forming a partnership between the Pistons and Wings ownership groups to build and share one sports complex has been discussed .
So here 's your money - back - guaranteed prediction :
The Pistons will be sold .
The new owner and Olympia will combine ( a la the Chicago Bulls and Blackhawks ) and pitch a new sports facility to be built downtown on the land currently owned by Olympia , to start building as soon as humanly possible .
When the building is finished , both teams will play there under joint ownership , a la Bill Wirtz and Jerry Reinsdorf with the United Center in Chicago .
Enter your guesses below .
Some remain in hospital tents swarming with flies ; others have moved to makeshift post - surgical centers ; and those who healed quickly , like Ms. Jean , have been discharged to the streets , where they now live .
All need continuing care in a nation with no rehabilitation hospital , few physical therapists , no central prosthesis factory since the quake and a skeletal supply of crutches , canes and wheelchairs gradually being reinforced by donations .
“ The situation for newly disabled persons is very delicate , ” said Michel Péan , Haiti ’s secretary of state for the integration of the disabled .
“ They urgently need not only medical care but food and a place to live .
Also , we cannot forget those disabled before the disaster who , because of their handicap , are having trouble getting access to humanitarian aid . ”
Rough estimates of the number of new amputees are based on information from overburdened hospitals that did not keep good records of surgeries .
The Haitian government believes that 6,000 to 8,000 people have lost limbs or digits .
Handicap International estimates that 2,000 to 4,000 Haitians underwent amputations , and many thousands more suffered complicated fractures , some of which could turn into amputations if not managed well .
Dr. Péan , who is blind and serves in a relatively new post as government advocate for people with disabilities , said that Haiti ’s disabled  some 8 percent of the population even before the quake  had long been treated as second - class citizens .
But the government has recently taken legal steps to recognize their rights and opened offices to serve them in the countryside , he said .
Ideally , Dr. Péan said , post - earthquake reconstruction could provide an opportunity to make Port - au - Prince , Haiti ’s capital , more accessible to people with disabilities and the impetus to create a national institute for rehabilitation .
Met Éireann says temperatures may fall as low as - 12C tonight and is warning that the severe weather could last for another ten days .
AA Roadwatch | Dublin Bus | Bus Éireann | Airports | Met Éireann
Road Safety Authority driving advice
Photos from around the country - yourphotos@rte.ie
As the cold spell continues , the National Roads Authority has confirmed that salt supplies for gritting roads are at a critical level .
The NRA will be forced to conserve stocks over the weekend , so that it can ensure that roads will remain open on next week .
All road users are being warned to avoid any unnecessary journeys .
Roads remain icy nationwide and further snowfall will affect Leinster and Munster during Sunday and Monday with falls of 5 cm to 10 cm expected .
The majority of Bus Eireann services in the east are currently operating with some delays , while some local services operating on secondary roads are disrupted .
Most services in the rest of the country are operating , with delays in a few areas .
Dublin Bus is running a full service but there are curtailments on some routes .
However all Nitelink services have been cancelled tonight and tomorrow night .
Dublin Airport is open but a number of flights have been cancelled .
AA Roadwatch says there are no major delays or cancellations at Cork or Shannon Airports .
Passengers are advised to check relevant websites before travelling .
Pedestrians are also being warned to be extra careful as footpaths in many parts of the country remain untreated .
Limerick Water Supplies
Water collection points have been set up at various points around Limerick city for anyone whose supply has been affected by the freezing weather conditions .
Some properties are continuing to experience low water pressure or in some cases a full interruption to supply .
Some service pipes are still frozen and Limerick City Council say the city may have to wait for a rise in temperatures before there is a resumption of normal supply .
In a statement the Council said it was supplying a rotating hydrant standpipe operator to provide water to people who wish to collect it in containers .
It is warning that the water will still need to be boiled before use as a precaution .
In the capital , Dublin City Council has urged people to conserve water during the cold weather .
Water demand has remained at a very high level since before Christmas .
The Council says that a further sharp increase has occurred since the beginning of January .
Demand is currently running at a higher level than at any stage in recent years .
Due to the cold weather the number of broken mains has increased , dramatically affecting supplies .
Carlow to request Army assistance
Carlow County Council is set to formally contact the Defence Forces to get help with transportation .
In addition to normal salting and gritting with lorries , Director of Services for Transportation with Carlow County Council Dan McInerney said the council has acquired ' a number of small fertiliser spreader units ' to spread salt and grit from the back of pick - ups , in some cases 'using unsalted grit on secondary roads to preserve stocks of salt ' .
They have mobilised both the civil defence and the fire service , which are helping out with four - wheel drive vehicles to provide back - up for ambulance services and help to deliver medical attention .
Salt shipment
Workers at Foynes port have begun handling a 4,000 tonne salt cargo on board the MV Jumbo that arrived from Tees Port in the northeast of England overnight .
The shipment , which arrived at the Shannon Estuary at 3 am , was due to be handled at Limerick Port at midday .
However , it was diverted to the company 's other port at Foynes , 40 km south , due to freezing fog along the estuary .
Parts of Cork city saw snow for the first time since the cold spell began three weeks ago .
Gardaí say the roads in and around the city centre are fine , but footpaths remain treacherous in many parts of the city .
The Lough , a well known inner-city lake , remains frozen over and gardaí have once again appealed to people not to walk on it .
The Irish Blood Transfusion Service has meanwhile warned that it may not be able to continue to meet hospital demand for blood because the weather has hit attendance at blood donation clinics .
A number of special clinics will be set up this weekend in a bid to replenish supplies .
Operations Director Paddy Bowler said that the sustained shortfall in collection has reduced supply to five days of O positive and just three days of O negative .
Sears Has Earned the American Pet Association 's 5 - Star Approval .
We love pets and we have 5 Stars to prove it .
Sears is the only 5 Star American Pet Association approved Carpet , Air Duct and Upholstery Cleaning company in the United States .
We know pets can be messy and your four - legged family members deserve processes that are designed around their well - being and safety .
We work hard to keep your home clean and safe for the whole family while still getting that like - new clean .
The Slovakian chief of border police , Tibor Mako , has quit following a major security cock - up which saw an unwitting electrician fly from the country 's Poprad - Tatry airport to Dublin with 90 grams of RDX plastic explosive in his luggage .
Security services planted eight pieces of contraband in passengers ' baggage at Bratislava and Poprad - Tatry airports as part of a security test operation last Saturday .
While seven items were recovered , Mako admitted the explosives " were detected by a sniffer dog at Poprad - Tatry Airport but a policeman failed to remove them or to inform his supervisor " .
Stefan Gonda , 49 , who was making his way back to his Dublin home following the Xmas holidays , duly flew into the capital with the plastic .
According to the BBC , the Slovakian authorities claim they sent a warning fax to luggage handling agent Servisair , but Dublin aiport says it received no such notification .
The Dublin Airport Authority insisted in a statement it had " no contact from the authorities in Slovakia until Tuesday " , at which point police " immediately raided the man ’s flat in an apartment block in central Dublin , the area was sealed off and residents and businesses were evacuated " .
Gonda was subsequently released without charge .
Slovakia 's interior minister , Robert Kalinak , said : " What happened at Poprad airport was a stupid human error .
It is clearly an individual error not a system failure .
Disciplinary proceedings against the policemen responsible are underway . "
While a spokesman for Irish justice minister Dermot Ahern said it " beggared belief " that Gonda had been allowed to board the flight , and the minister himself described the whole debacle as " a bit of a fiasco " , the Irish have now accepted Slovakian apologies over the affair .
Regarding the RDX , the Irish Army said passengers " had not been put in danger because the explosives were stable and not connected to any essential bomb parts such as a detonator or power supply " .
Just as well , because Ivana Herkelova , director of Poprad - Tatry airport , explained that the aircraft bearing the explosives " was on the runway when the error emerged but the pilot decided it was safe to fly " . ®
Graffiti artwork has been initially used by Ancient Greece , Roman Empire and Urban Gangs to mark their territory and also by some social and political purposes as well .
Some politicians are also using this form of art for the purpose of their election campaigns .
But now , it has become an inspiring way to put across your thoughts and ideas in the most enticing and appealing way .
In this post , we ’ll showcase some interesting and fascinating political artworks that will express the creativity of graffiti artists , designers and illustrators and their skills in this field .
When one starts writing about political artwork , they simply wo n’t be able to finish without mentioning the infamous Banksy ; here is another great article about Banksy in New York .
Political Illustrations , Graffiti and Street Art
Obey
Shepard Fairey at Cargo , East London
1984 – not an instruction manual – other wallpaper 19908 – desktop nexus abstract
Posted on a Door
illustration series
illustration series
illustration series
San Fran Political Street Art
Fecal Face
Peace
Searching
Barack Obama – Santa Fe Art District
Barack Obama by Koolhats .
“ I ’m asking you to believe not in my ability to bring about real change in Washington .
I ’m asking you to believe in yours . ”
Political Graffiti in Spokane
Brian Haw
This is the original canvas Banksy donated to Brian Haw ’s display in Parliment Square ; part of the parcel confiscated by police .
Sanctuary !
Berlin , July 2007 , There ’s 300 m of the wall still standing that has now become somewhat an Urban Art Gallery .
Pretty cool to see it .
Would definitely recommend if one is in Berlin !
And definitely go to Berlin …
Vote for Nobody
A wall with political graffiti in Guelph , Ontario
An offer of flowers instead
General Nguyen Ngoc Loan offers a Viet Cong prisoner flowers instead of death .
Tiles For America
9/11
Change not coins
There is Always Hope
Clinton and Obama as Warhol and Basquiat
Dick Cheney Shotgun Street Art Billi Kid NYC
This version was seen on Wooster Street between Grand and Canal in New York City .
Resist !
And we did , eventually .
Former Guelph mayor depicted ‘ unfavourably ’ in this local political graffiti from Fresh Air .
This one may now be out of date , but it ’s still great .
Society
Orgosolo
A typical scene from Orgosolo , in the heart of Sardinia .
This village is known for its more than 150 political graffiti and for the attachment of its inhabitants to the traditions .
Laser Guided Democracy
WK Interact
Belfast political propaganda
Various political murals around the streets of Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Explosive birth
Just popped out of my head and onto to the wall …. ” like a new born baby it just happens every day ” …
Communist political graffiti
West Bengal has had a Marxist government since the 1970s and the hammer and sickle is ubiquitous throughout Kolkata .
pixel nascimpact
ferg ’s vibes
ferg ’s vibes
mcdonald’s
three trillion dollar war
afiches caceria recolecci
design for obama
design for obama
photomanip
little red soldiers
long life to chairman mao
fullxfull
fuckin politics
01 on the behance network
what matters most 2008
what matters most 2008
what matters most 2008
propagit
propagit
propagit
propagit
propagit
For decades , educators have been scrambling to find better ways to prepare students for the real world .
It began with the mildly apocalyptic government report , A Nation at Risk , which warned that an outdated school system was unwittingly sabotaging America ’s economic superiority .
Year after year , major educational organizations would echo the report ’s call with threats of dire consequences and pleas for sweeping reform , from the U.S. Department of Labor to the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology .
Audits of the U.S. educational system have revealed that the highest hurdle to adopting skills - based teaching practices is the lack of an easily implementable curriculum .
Enter social video games as a solution — immersive environments that simulate real - world problems .
Today , technologically eager schools are replacing textbook learning with social video games , and improving learning outcomes in the process .
Here ’s how they ’re doing it .
Contextual Learning
While university departments have cleanly separated academic subjects , solving the real - life problem of , say , building a website , requires individuals to orchestrate the expertise of communication , business , and economics , in addition to computer science .
At the ultra high tech Quest2 Learn school in New York City , small groups of 6th graders will marshall a range of social technologies , from video games to social networking , to solve hypothetical problems .
For instance , 6th graders learn geography from Google Earth , collaborate through an internal social networking platform , and present ideas through a podcast .
Administrators hope that wrestling with the question of “ How can a system function within a larger system ? ” will bolster critical thinking skills .
Many experts contend that so - called “ Scaffolded Problem - based learning ” is known to improve academic skills and enhance motivation .
With all these new toys , it ’s no surprise that one student admits his least favorite part of the day is “ dismissal . ”
What About More Popular Gaming Models ?
It should not come as a shock that Quest2 Learn exists because of endowments from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Intel , among other big - name donors .
For the less well - to - do educator , the Federation of American Scientists has developed a first - person shooter - inspired cellular biology curriculum .
Gamers explore the fully - interactive 3D world of an ill patient and assist the immune system in fighting back a bacterial infection .
Dr. Melanie Ann Stegman has been evaluating the educational impacts of the game and is optimistic about her preliminary findings .
" The amount of detail about proteins , chemical signals and gene regulation that these 15 - year - olds were devouring was amazing .
Their questions were insightful .
I felt like I was having a discussion with scientist colleagues , " said Stegman .
Perhaps more importantly , the video game excites students about science .
Motivating more youngsters to adopt a science - related career track has became a major education initiative of the Obama administration .
So desperate to find a solution that motivates students to become scientists , the government has even enlisted Darpa , the Department of Defense ’s " mad scientist " research organization , to figure out a solution .
For Stegman , however , the video game solution is intuitive :
The actual phenomona of science are fascinating , unlike their 2D textbook drawings .
" Explaining how proteins interact takes lots of new words and new vocabulary that can put you to sleep when you ’re a 5th year graduate student , " Stegman told Mashable .
“ But , watching two proteins interact and bump into each other and using them in a video game is fun and exciting . ”
Check out the video of some gameplay below .
You can download the game here .
Simulated Life
For some school subjects , poor test results are n’t simply a matter of personal failure , but can mean life and death ; especially for security officer training .
Loyalist College in Canada recently boasted “ massive ” test score improvements for its border officer training via simulation in the virtual world of Second Life .
“ No single technological addition has ever impacted grades at the college in such a positive way , ” says Ken Hudson , their Managing Director of Virtual World Design .
Indeed , the results speak for themselves .
According to the report :
" The amazing results of the training and simulation program have led to significantly improved grades on students ’ critical skills tests , taking scores from a 56 % success in 2007 , to 95 % at the end of 2008 after the simulation was instituted . "
While security screenings are taking an onslaught of criticism for what are sometimes seen as abject failures , these kinds of successes may give hope to both security experts and the future of online learning .
Conclusion
Social gaming has a come a long way from the days when a dozen students would squint at a 10 - inch screen of Oregon Trail .
The 2000s seemed to be the decade of case studies : Bold educators willing to experiment with developing technologies .
But now , the involvement of major funders , such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , points to an industry that is on the cusp of freeing education from its 2D textbook prison .
More gaming resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , morganl
With people tightening their financial belts this year , it ’s nice to know there are some simple backyard strategies you can employ to save time and money .
And these tips and techniques wo n’t leave your landscape looking shaggy !
Here are some suggestions that will keep your yard looking great , while having a low impact on your wallet .
– Plant four - season shrubs —
Select shrubs that look interesting all seasons of the year .
You ’ll spend less money overall , because you wo n’t be buying shrubs to complement each other .
Viburnum and serviceberry are both shrubs with alluring spring flowers , attractive summer fruits , colorful fall foliage , and striking bark texture and color .
Avoid plants like forsythia that are stars for one just season and nondescript during the rest of the year .
Also look for native , drought - tolerant plants that require little maintenance to withstand the vagaries of weather and pests .
– Share with your neighbors —
Community is more important than ever during tough economic times , and sharing yard work with your neighbors can save money .
For instance , consider renting a tiller , lawn aerator , or chipper shredder with a neighbor .
Buy bulk compost or bark mulch together and split the load .
Coordinate what you plant in your vegetable gardens so you can share the extra produce in winter .
– Mow smarter —
How you mow the lawn can save you both time and money .
Mow lawns at a three - inch height for cool - season grasses ( lower for warm - season grasses ) , and leave the clippings right where they land .
Grass clippings feed the lawn , reducing its need for fertilizer .
Sharpening your mower blades a few times each summer gives a clean cut and helps to prevent diseases from starting .
– Divide , conquer , and share — Growing perennial instead of annual flowers reduces your seasonal expense of buying new seeds and plants .
To expand your perennial garden divide overgrown plants , such as daylilies , iris , and hosta , and make new flowerbeds .
( This will reduce the amount of mowing you do , too ! )
Trade extra perennials with friends or organize a plant swap in your neighborhood one Saturday morning .
– Frequent yard sales —
Check out yard sales for old tools , gardening products , and planters .
Well - maintained tools can be used for years and they ’re often inexpensive at yard sales .
Inspect them carefully to be sure they are still in good shape .
You may also find pots and containers .
Check out craigslist.com and Goodwill for inexpensive gardening products and tools as well .
– Collect rainwater —
In areas where water is expensive and scarce , invest in rain barrels to catch the water off your roof .
Rainwater is free , and it has no municipal additives ( which may harm some plants ) .
– Mulch with cardboard and newspaper —
To reduce the amount of mulch you buy , spread layers of newspaper or cardboard on garden paths .
Then buy a small amount of mulch to cover these materials and make the paths look attractive .
Cardboard , in particular , keeps the weeds at bay longer than regular mulch .
– Use a timer —
Put your sprinkler system on a timer to avoid overwatering .
You can also reduce your water usage by using soaker hoses and drip irrigation lines in gardens instead of overhead watering .
– Sell stuff —
Once you get this gardening thing down , set up small stand to sell extra produce , berries , and flowers .
You ’ll make a little money and you might also get to know your neighbors better .
( Then , next time you divide perennials , you might have more opportunities to swap plants . )
Do n’t forget to offer customers a little lemonade on hot days !
Charlie Nardozzi is National Gardening Association ’s senior horticulturist and editor .
Find more gardening tips at www.garden.org.
Editor ’s note :
For more on gardening , see the Monitor ’s main gardening page , which offers articles on many gardening topics .
Also , check out our blog archive and our RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our contests .
Nicolas
Cage is determined to get his financial house in order and to pay the IRS all that he owes in back taxes .
While the government recently placed a tax lien on his real - estate holdings , including an additional $ 6.7 million from 2008 , “ over the course of my career I have paid at least $ 70 million in taxes , unfortunately , due to a recent legal situation , another approximate $ 14 million is owed to the IRS , ” Cage tells PEOPLE in an exclusive statement .
“ However , I am under new business management and am happy to say that I am current for 2009 , all taxes will be paid including any to be determined state taxes . ”
Credit specialists at Citi are considering launching the first derivatives intended to pay out in the event of a financial crisis .
The firm has drawn up plans for a tradable liquidity index , known as the CLX , on which products could be structured that allow buyers to hedge a spike in funding costs .
Like the untraded US rates liquidity index ( USRLI ) , the CLX is constructed as a sum of the Sharpe ratio – deviations from the mean divided by volatility – of various market factors , such as equity
Having a smashing time in 2010 ( Image : ATLAS / CERN )
The world ’s biggest experiment is primed to answer one of the universe ’s biggest questions : what is the origin of mass ?
But an unexpected particle could yet steal the show .
In CERN ’s 27 - kilometre tunnel near Geneva , Switzerland , the Large Hadron Collider will start smashing high - energy protons head - on in 2010 .
The shrapnel is expected to reveal the presence of the one missing member of the tribe of particles predicted by the standard model of physics : the Higgs boson , which is thought to endow elementary particles with mass .
But the Higgs is unlikely to …
Het in België gevestigde bedrijf Swift , dat internationale betalingen verzorgt , weigert om bankgegevens van burgers uit de EU over te maken aan de VS , in het kader van de strijd tegen terreur .
Dat zegt een woordvoerder van Swift in de Duitse krant Handelsblatt .
Er was een akkoord gesloten waarbij het bedrijf die gegevens normaal gezien vanaf 1 februari moest overmaken .
Maar Swift gaat dat akkoord niet toepassen , aldus de woordvoerder in de krant .
" Zolang het Europees parlement het akkoord niet heeft goedgekeurd , treedt het niet in werking " , is de uitleg .
Swift heeft zijn zetel in Terhulpen en behandelt de financiële transacties van meer dan 8.000 banken wereldwijd .
Volgens de woordvoerder is de uitwisseling van bankgegevens naar de Amerikaanse autoriteiten al onderbroken sinds 1 januari .
Swift wil dat er eerst een duidelijke juridische basis komt .
Eind november vorig jaar beslisten de Europese ministers van Justitie om het Swift - akkoord met de VS erdoor te duwen .
De bedoeling was om de VS negen maanden , vanaf 1 februari 2010 , inzage te geven in de uitwisseling van Europese bankgegevens .
Het Europees parlement protesteerde hevig omdat hen niet om advies was gevraagd , zoals voorzien in het Verdrag van Lissabon .
De justitieministers drukten de beslissing door , één dag voor dat Verdrag in werking trad .
Maar volgens
Swift moeten de Europese parlementsleden wel degelijk hun goedkering geven .
De voorzitter van het Europees parlement , Jerzy Buzek , heeft reeds verklaard dat het parlement het verdrag wil ongedaan maken .
Op 10 februari zou het zich uitspreken .
This Too Shall Pass by Ok Go. Directed by Brian L. Perkins .
Can we crown them kings of the one - take music video yet ?
OK Go – This Too Shall Pass from OK Go on Vimeo .
you people in NYC need to get out once and a while .
The only people I have ever heard complain about AT&T are people in the New York metro .
The rest of the country ... all 97.5 % of us ... do n't have problems with AT&T .
An important point of the aftermath of the parliamentary coup d’etat in Paraguay in 2012 was reached today — although with a rather surprising turn of events .
The case against former leftist President Lugo had started when police tried to remove land occupiers in Curuguaty , an rural area some 240 km from the capital Asunción , on the June 15 , 2012 .
It ended with six police and eleven farmers shot and it was unclear who was behind it .
Lugo exchanged his interior minister June 17 , but a majority in parliament that had been against him for a while decided to remove him from power on June 22 .
This was possible due to the very vaguely worded and contradictory constitution of Paraguay which tries to mix aspects of a presidential system with a parliamentary democracy , and because military and police would not oppose the removal of the president .
But what exactly happened in Curuguaty ?
Some have speculated that it was all just a setup with snipers from the outside intervening in order to have cause for removing the president from office .
In the Paraguayan justice system , there is instead a case being build up against 13 land occupying farmers whose responsibility for having killed the police men they claim to want to try .
Ever since the case began in 2012 , Paraguayan activists have build a campaign to obtain international attention to what is going on and to obtain justice for the small scale farmers who they argue are innocent .
The high - profile activist defense lawyers Vicente Morales and Guillermo Ferreiro had been working for 11 of the farmers since .
Today , the trial was about to start .
Observers from all over Paraguay and other parts of Latin America had gathered to follow how it would go and spread information about any irregularities in what was going on .
The observers were very surprised when during the start of the trial , all 10 accused represented by Morales and Ferreiro asked to instead be represented by Joaquín Díaz , the public defender of the 12th accused .
A 13th accused was a minor during the events and will therefore be tried separately .
Díaz declared he could not work on defending all 12 cases .
Due to these circumstances , the trial has been postponed for one day .
The accused explained later that they took the decision to change lawyers because they felt their life was on the line and Morales and Ferreiro had earlier been accused of “ legal tricks ” and were facing possible proceedings after the trial which may lead to them losing their license to practice law , so the accused were afraid they could not defend them well .
The activists who have been working with the case have declared that they accept the decision of the accused to decide by whom they want to be represented , but also that they do not trust Díaz , whom they on Facebook accuse of having collaborated with the prosecutor at an earlier stage of the process .
More information :
English : Read a recent article from Telesur
Spanish : Follow the solidarity group of the accused “ ¿ Qué pasó en Curuguaty ? ” ( What happened in Curuguaty ? ) who regularly post links to articles from all types of media : Web , Facebook
Dear Cecil : I recently started a job that requires lots of work at a typewriter - style keyboard , and , being of a logical bent , I am struck by how little sense the arrangement of letters on the keyboard makes .
A common complaint .
But last night , when I mentioned the matter to my wife after a long hard day at the office , she casually mentioned that she " read somewhere " ( and of course does not remember where ) that the keyboard was deliberately designed to put the most - used letters in the worst places .
Could this be true ?
Is this the ultimate expression of man 's inhumanity to man ?
T.P. , Wilmette , Illinois
Cecil replies :
If you ask me , Cocoa Puffs are the ultimate expression of man ’s inhumanity to man , but I suppose there will always be differences of opinion on this point .
As for the typewriter keyboard , your spouse ’s story is not far from the painful truth .
The QWERTY keyboard , so called for the top row of letters on its left - hand side , was devised to make things easy for the typewriter , not the typist .
In what is generally considered the first practical typewriter –designed by an American inventor named Christopher Sholes and a group of cohorts in the late 1860 s –the type , arranged in a sort of circular basket under the carriage , was prone to frequent jamming at typing speeds in excess of hunt - and - peck .
( Another problem , by the way , was that type met paper on the underside of the cylinder , so the typist could n’t read the fruits of his or her labors without lifting up the carriage . )
To solve the jamming problem , Sholes and company , who had originally arranged their keyboard in alphabetical order , decided to put the most commonly used letters ( or what they thought were the most commonly used letters ) as far apart as possible in the machine ’s innards .
The next year , 1873 , they turned their invention over to the Remington gun company of New York State , and their keyboard has been standard ever since , despite the fact that succeeding improvements in typewriter design quickly rendered it ridiculous .
Of course , a superior system exists .
It ’s called the Dvorak Simplified Keyboard , or DSK , after inventor August Dvorak , who developed it while a professor at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Among other improvements , the DSK puts all vowels in the “ home row ” of keys –the second row from the bottom–and favors the right hand slightly .
Numerous studies have proved that it can be learned quite easily even by experienced typists , and that it makes for faster , less fatiguing , and more accurate typing than the conventional system .
But habit , apparently , dies hard in the typing biz–the DSK was patented in 1932 .
KEYBOARD SCAM EXPOSED !
Dear Cecil :
You and others have commented on the received “ history ” of the QWERTY [ i.e. , conventional ] typewriter keyboard design and remarked on the supposed superiority of the Dvorak keyboard , which puts all the vowels in the “ home row ” and slightly favors the right hand .
The time has come to put this myth to rest .
Enclosed is an article from the Journal of Law and Economics .
Enjoy .
– Scott Koslow , assistant professor of marketing , University of Texas at Dallas
OK , doc , you got me dead to rights .
The origin of the QWERTY keyboard , so named because that ’s what the top row of letter keys spells out , is one of those oft - told tales about how we get stuck with an oddball standard because of a short - sighted decision by some mope(s ) in the dawning days of a new technology .
According to legend , the seemingly random layout of today ’s keyboards has its origins in the limitations of the first typewriters .
The early machines were crude and prone to jamming if you typed too fast .
The QWERTY keyboard was designed to place the most commonly used letters on the opposite sides of the keyboard , making jamming mechanically less likely .
Legend has it that the QWERTY keyboard was also made intentionally clumsy ( only one vowel in the home row , for instance ) in order to slow down typists and further reduce the possibility of jamming .
Within a relatively short time , of course , typewriter engineering had improved sufficiently that jamming was no longer a major concern .
But by then , the story goes , people were used to the QWERTY keyboard and we ’ve been stuck with it ever since , even in the face of allegedly superior alternatives such as the Dvorak keyboard .
Advocates say research proves the Dvorak is easy to learn and makes typing faster and more accurate .
But it ’s never made much headway because of the crushing power of standards , even stupid ones .
Baloney , say the authors of the article you enclose , S.J. Liebowitz and Stephen Margolis .
They point out that ( 1 ) the research demonstrating the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard is sparse and methodologically suspect ; ( 2 ) a sizable body of work suggests that in fact the Dvorak offers little practical advantage over the QWERTY ; ( 3 ) at least one study indicates that placing commonly used keys far apart , as with the QWERTY , actually speeds typing , since you frequently alternate hands ; and ( 4 ) the QWERTY keyboard did not become a standard overnight but beat out several competing keyboards over a period of years .
Thus it may be fairly said to represent the considered choice of the marketplace .
It saddens me to know I helped to perpetuate the myth of Dvorak superiority , but I will sleep better at night knowing I have rectified matters at last .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Washington , D.C. , 12 April 2004 - President Bush on Saturday , 10 April 2004 , became the first sitting president ever to release publicly even a portion of his Daily Brief from the CIA .
The page - and - a - half section of the President 's Daily Brief from 6 August 2001 , headlined " Bin Ladin Determined To Strike in US , " had generated the most contentious questioning in last week 's testimony by national security adviser Condoleezza Rice before the commission investigating the September 11th attacks .
Dr. Rice continued to insist that the Brief did not amount to a real warning , while several commissioners seemed to think otherwise .
These contrasting interpretations dominated the weekend 's news .
For example , President Bush commented on Sunday that the " PDB said nothing about an attack on America .
It talked about intentions , about somebody who hated America - well , we knew that .
…
The question was , who was going to attack us , when and where , and with what . "
( Note A1 ) Meanwhile , the Sunday news analysis in The New York Times began with the following summary : " In a single 17 - sentence document , the intelligence briefing delivered to President Bush in August 2001 spells out the who , hints at the what and points towards the where of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington that followed 36 days later . "
( Note A2 )
The American people can decide for themselves about the warning quotient , now that the text of the Brief is public .
Even with the text , we do n't really know what the President knew and when he knew it .
According to the CIA and the 9/11 commission , there were 40 other mentions of Al Qaeda or Bin Laden in the President 's Daily Briefs before 9/11 .
Most of those presumably came during what Dr. Rice called " the threat spike " of June and July 2001 .
The August 6 Brief came on the downside of that spike , so the other PDB reports may be more ( or less ) alarming .
Until these are released - and Saturday 's release shows it can be done with minor deletions to protect sources - neither the American public nor the 9/11 commission can move on to the next question : " What did the President do and when did he do it ? "
Or , perhaps most important , how do we fix our vulnerabilities , rather than just hide them ?
But the release of the Brief raises a number of questions not addressed so far in the press coverage .
One is the contrast between the now - released text and what various White House officials said about it over the past two years .
A second revolves around renewed claims by the White House and the CIA that this release sets no precedent for release of similar or future information .
A third points to the larger question of whether the sustained secrecy around this Brief really made our country more secure , or less so .
For the moment , this updated posting includes the following :
Posted April 8 , 2004
Washington , D.C. , April 8 - The most contentious moments of today 's nationally televised hearing of the commission investigating the September 11th terrorist attacks focused on the controversial secret intelligence briefing received by President Bush on August 6 , 2001 - a top - level document called the President 's Daily Brief .
Commission members Bob Kerrey , Richard Ben-Veniste and Timothy Roemer each asked national security adviser Condoleezza Rice to declassify the document , and each time she ducked the direct question , telling Mr. Roemer that " I think you know the sensitivity of presidential decision memoranda . "
The White House resisted the commission for months on the question of their access to the Briefs , ( Note 1 ) but after public pressure from the commission and victims ' families , relented somewhat .
Prior to today 's hearing , three commission members and its staff director got to see the originals of President 's Daily Briefs from the Bush and Clinton years relating to terrorism .
They then wrote up a summary for their peers .
( Note 2 ) But the direct quotes from the August 6 , 2001 President 's Daily Brief read into the record today , both by commission members and by Dr. Rice , point to an underlying reality - that the Brief could be declassified and released publicly simply by blacking out the sources - and - methods information .
[ See my article in Slate magazine , posted 22 March 2004 , " Who 's Afraid of the PDB ? " ]
Perhaps the White House will take this simple step , just as it reversed its previous absolute refusal to allow Dr. Rice to testify in public .
Standing in the way of this common sense approach , however , are myths and misinformation about the President 's Daily Brief - put forward by the White House , CIA , and even the 9 - 11 commission 's own chairman - that , in Mark Twain 's phrase , have gone twice around the world while the truth was putting on its shoes .
For example , each of the following italicized statements is a myth , and below the myth in plain type is the reason why .
The chair of the 9/11 commission , former New Jersey governor Thomas Kean , said that " [ t ] hese are documents that only two or three people would normally have access to .
To make those available to an outside group is something that no other president has done in our history . "
( Note 3 )
Actually , ten President 's Daily Briefs are in the public domain , officially declassified by the U.S. government .
( Note 4 ) The CIA established the PDB under that name in 1964 , and PDBs from the Johnson administration began to be declassified in 1985 , during the tenure of President Reagan .
The ten declassified PDBs contain such extraordinarily sensitive items as this one on Egypt : " Nasir , in a speech to the nation on Saturday , outlined a ' program of action ' to bring about political reform .
We doubt that it will amount to much . "
That 's the whole item .
Another supersensitive entry concerns the head of state of Indonesia : " Despite Sukarno 's long - standing kidney ailment , for which he delays proper treatment , he has seemed quite chipper lately . "
Three lines of the item are blacked out since they refer to the sources of intelligence , perhaps Indonesian assets of the CIA , or communications intercepts , or maybe just the British ambassador .
One of the PDBs is even published in the latest volume of the distinguished State Department documentary series , Foreign Relations of the United States .
At the top of the 5 June 1967 PDB published by the State Department one can read the official line that these historical PDBs were " improperly declassified and released .
The declassification and release of this information in no way impacts or controls the declassification status of the remainder of this PDB , other PDBs , or the PDB as a series . "
( Note 5 )
This statement is not true , and it violates the law that says the Foreign Relations series has to be accurate and comprehensive .
The actual texts of the released PDBs reveal that there was nothing improper about their declassification .
There is nothing damaging to U.S. national security in these documents .
The secret behind the State Department 's straddle - publishing a PDB while disclaiming its own action - is that the CIA is really to blame .
The PDBs began to be released under the normal historical declassification program ( in 1985 , 1989 and 1993 ) until the CIA noticed and decided to invoke the final recommendation of its notorious 1991 Task Force on Openness .
The task force report ( classified secret at first , until embarrassment and the Freedom of Information Act forced its release ) enumerated a number of goals from greater openness , including building support for the CIA budget , of course , but the final goal on the list - one that any declassifier had to keep in mind - was to " preserve the mystique . "
The CIA 's hard line on the PDBs is one of the many decisions in the 1990s that turned CIA 's openness program into a " public relations snow job , " according to the distinguished historian George Herring , who served on the CIA historical advisory panel for six years until his advocacy for greater openness , including for release of the PDBs , led the CIA to replace him with more compliant scholars .
( Note 6 )
The then - White House spokesman Ari Fleischer called the PDB " the most highly sensitized classified document in the government . "
( Note 7 )
Here is the mystique at work .
Actually , there are thousands , and perhaps even millions , of codeworded documents and compartments more highly classified than the PDB itself .
These include the very items blacked out in the declassified Briefs from the Johnson years - most likely describing the specific sources of the information .
Mr. Fleischer himself , only four days before this remark , had read out the headline from a particularly interesting section of the August 6 , 2001 President 's Daily Brief , titled " bin Laden determined to strike the United States . "
Interestingly , today 's 9 - 11 commission hearing featured two misstatements about this headline .
Mr. Ben-Veniste said that until today , the headline was classified ( Mr. Fleischer had actually read it out in May 2002 ) ; and Dr. Rice gave the headline as including the words " inside the U.S . "
A Washington Post editorial asked , " If a president 's intelligence briefing is not a legitimate secret , after all , what is ? " ( Note 8 )
Well , legitimate secrets include information like the specifications of a weapon system , the identity of a spy who'd be shot , or the bottom line of a negotiation in progress , but these real secrets make up only a fraction of what is classified today , and rarely adorn the PDB .
During the Cold War , for example , the codeword GAMMA GUPY referred to the National Security Agency ability to listen in on the radio - telephone conversations of Soviet leaders while they were driving around Moscow in their limos .
( Note 9 ) A document that specifically described that capacity would be far more sensitive than a President 's Daily Brief item that said Soviet leaders were bemoaning the grain harvest failure and thinking about firing the Ukraine party secretary .
Vice President Cheney described the President 's Daily Briefs as " the family jewels . " ( Note 10 )
This was an unintentionally ironic turn of phrase , since the original use of the words " family jewels " in the CIA context referred to the internal compilation of agency " horrors " put together in the early 1970s after press reports of CIA assassination plots , and use of psychotropic drugs on unsuspecting victims .
The PDB is about as far away from these operational matters as you can get .
It provides a tour d'horizon of world events , based on the CIA 's best information , spiced up with intercepted communications and spy photos .
According to the CIA 's own history of its presidential briefings , roughly 40 per cent of what the PDB covers is addressed in the newspapers .
( Note 11 ) According to Walter Pincus of the Washington Post , President Clinton complained that " most days the PDB contained material he had already read elsewhere . "
( Note 12 ) President Reagan 's first national security adviser , Richard Allen , wrote that the PDB " is , at best , a form of staccato information , a news digest for the very privileged .
But it is rarely predictive .
In fact , some would consider it pedestrian , even anodyne . "
( Note 13 )
The former CIA general counsel , Elizabeth Rindskopf Parker , who admitted she was not on the distribution list , called the PDB " sacrosanct , " saying , " It 's something you never , ever share …
It really is advising your client , the president , in the most intimate way . "
( Note 14 )
The President is not the CIA 's " client . "
Even the intelligence community uses the term " customer " not " client , " because the CIA is precluded from making policy recommendations to the President .
The first answer on the CIA website to " frequently asked questions " says the CIA is an information provider , not a policy maker .
( Note 15 ) The PDB is an information brief , the CIA 's equivalent of Headline News , not deliberative or pre-decisional or legal advice .
Many presidential briefings at least as sensitive and far more deliberative than the PDBs have reached the public domain without damage to national security or to future presidents ' ability to get candid advice , ranging from declassified copies of Henry Kissinger 's morning briefing for President Nixon , to verbatim quotes from briefings by CIA director William Webster and national security adviser Brent Scowcroft to President George H.W. Bush that appear in the joint Bush - Scowcroft memoir , A World Transformed .
( Note 16 )
Vice President Cheney said any public release of the PDBs would make its CIA authors " spend more time worried about how the report 's going to look on the front page of the Washington Post or on Fox News than they will making their best judgment and taking risk and giving us the best advice they can … . "
( Note 17 )
The idea that CIA analysts are trimmers , not straight - shooters , insults the CIA 's professionals and turns history on its head .
CIA analysts have a long and distinguished track record of bringing bad news to the White House , from pessimistic estimates on the Vietnam war to predicting the 1991 coup against Gorbachev to discounting the Niger yellowcake allegation of 2002 .
The record shows that the people who trim intelligence to fit official spin are the policymakers , not the CIA - as when Vice President Cheney claimed in the run up to the Iraq war that Saddam Hussein had " reconstituted " his nuclear weapons .
If more of the actual CIA analysis became public , policy might well improve .
In the case of Iraq , the public would have seen the numerous dissents and caveats in the underlying classified estimate - dissents and caveats largely stripped out of the publicized version , and completely missing from the Vice President 's speeches .
In the same vein as the Vice President , but less colorfully , President Bush said he opposed release of the PDBs because " [ i] t's important for the writers of the presidential daily brief to feel comfortable that the documents will never be politicized and / or unnecessarily exposed for public purview .
I - and so , therefore , the kind of the first statements out of this administration were very protective of the presidential prerogatives of the past and to protect the right for other presidents , future presidents , to have a good presidential daily brief . "
( Note 18 )
There 's an equally plausible case to be made that the President is protecting himself , not the CIA analysts or future presidents , from scrutiny .
The analysts , after all , provided President Bush with the August 6 , 2001 PDB including the warning that Bin Laden planned to attack the U.S. , and mentioned hijacked airplanes as one possibility ( apparently not as suicide missiles , but the more traditional skyjack style ) .
What did the President do with that warning ?
Did anything happen ?
None of his senior aides were present at the August 6 briefing , which took place at the ranch in Crawford , Texas .
From a distance , it looks as if the warning came but they all were on vacation .
National security adviser Condoleezza Rice described the August 6 , 2001 Brief as " very vague , " " very non-specific , " " mostly historical , " and " nothing really new here . "
( Note 19 )
But what about that nasty headline declassified by Ari Fleischer - " bin Laden determined to strike in U.S. " ?
Dr. Rice can't have it both ways , that the PDB is a " very vague " document that still cannot be publicly released .
The bipartisan Congressional investigation of September 11th cut to the heart of the problem .
Its staff director , Eleanor Hill , reported to Congress that " According to the DCI [ George Tenet ] , the President 's knowledge of intelligence information relevant to this Inquiry remains classified even when the substance of that intelligence information has been declassified . "
( Note 20 ) This is the ultimate coverup line .
In other words , even if the information is public , whether the President knew it is a fact that if released would damage national security ?
In fact , keeping phony secrets like this does the real damage to our security , as a declassified National Reconnaissance Office study remarked : " [ C ] ontinued insistence on tight security for ' open ' secrets reduces overall credibility and erodes the integrity of security around the technology and the operations which still need to be protected . "
( Note 21 )
Defending the 9/11 commission 's arrangement with the White House for limited access and summaries of the PDBs , commission director Philip Zelikow said , " Neither we nor the White House are aware of any precedent for this in the history of the republic . "
( Note 22 )
The declassified PDBs suggest a more appropriate precedent , in fact , the same precedent that Professor Zelikow recommended during the April 2000 meeting of the State Department 's historical advisory committee , referring to the historical PDBs that CIA was refusing to release : " [ I ]t should be possible to redact the PDB to make it releasable ... the CIA 's interests could be protected with redactions … the CIA 's decision to withhold the entire PDB series from release [ i ] s pernicious . "
( Note 23 ) Indeed .
The PDBs - even from August 2001 - could easily be declassified by blacking out the sources and methods that are truly sensitive .
This fact leads to a frightening but also empowering thought :
Most of the time , Presidents really do not have much more or better substantive information than the rest of us about national security , and when they think they do , they 're often wrong , as LBJ was about Vietnam , or the first - term Ronald Reagan was about the Soviet military , or George W. Bush was about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
But releasing the President 's Daily Briefs would hold the CIA accountable for its banalities as well as its triumphs and failures .
Likewise , releasing the Briefs would tell us what the President knew and when he knew it .
So do n't hold your breath .
Documents
Note :
The following documents are in PDF format .
You will need to download and install the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view .
Section I : The 6 August 2001 President 's Daily Brief
Section II : The President 's Daily Brief -- Previous Declassifications
Section III : Declassified CIA documents on Presidential Briefings
Section IV : Declassified Examples of Presidential Briefings
Section V : Declassified Examples of the CIA 's Senior Executive Intelligence Brief
Notes
A1 . Joseph Curl , " Bush defends memo stance - ' No indication ' of 9/11 attacks , " The Washington Times , 12 April 2004 , front page .
A2 . Douglas Jehl , " A Warning , but Clear ?
White House Tries to Make the Point That New Details Add Up to Old News , " The New York Times , 11 April 2004 , p. A13 .
A3 . Bob Woodward and Dan Eggen , " Aug. Memo Focused On Attacks in U.S. " , The Washington Post , 19 May 2002 , p. A1 .
Mr. Woodward 's book , Bush At War ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 2002 , 376 pp. ) had quoted from two other PDB 's but did not mention the 6 August 2001 PDB .
1. See Philip Shenon , " 9/11 Panel Threatens to Issue Subpoena for Bush 's Briefings , " The New York Times , 10 February 2004 , p. A16 .
2. Dan Eggen , " 9/11 Panel to Have Rare Glimpse of Presidential Briefings , " The Washington Post , 16 November 2003 , p. A9 .
3. Philip Shenon , " 9/11 Commission Could Subpoena Oval Office Files , " The New York Times , 26 October 2003 , front page .
4. I am indebted to Dr. William Burr , director of the Nuclear Documentation Project of the National Security Archive , for locating the ten declassified PDBs , for providing the analogous material from the Nixon White House , and for astute commentary on the overall issue of the PDBs .
5. Posted on the State Department web site at www.state.gov/r/pa/ho/frus/johnsonlb/xix/28058.htm
6. George C. Herring , " My Years with the CIA , " Speech at a January 1997 meeting of the American Historical Association , available on the web at http://www.fas.org/sgp/eprint/herring.html.
The CIA advisory panel no longer even makes public its recommendations , thus giving up the only leverage it could possibly bring to bear against CIA secrecy .
See http://www.fas.org/sgp/advisory/ciahrp9.html
7. Ari Fleischer , White House Press Briefing , 21 May 2002 . , at http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2002/05/20020521-9.html , and 17 May 2002 , at http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2002/05/20020517-6.html
8 . To the credit of the Post , after posing this question , the editorial went on to say , " If Mr. Bush did not mean to share the country 's most sensitive secrets with the commissioners , he should not have signed the bill in the first place . "
Editorial , " Turn It Over , " The Washington Post , 31 October 2003 , p. A24 .
9. Jeffrey T. Richelson , The U.S. Intelligence Community , 4th Edition ( Boulder , CO. : Westview Press , 1999 , ) , p. 428 .
10 . Vice President Richard Cheney , interview on Fox News , 19 May 2002 .
11 . John L. Helgerson , Getting to Know the President : CIA Briefings of Presidential Candidates , 1952 - 1992 ( Washington , D.C. : CIA Center for the Study of Intelligence , 1996 , 165 pp. ) , p. 163 .
12 . Walter Pincus , " Under Bush , the Briefing Gets Briefer , " The Washington Post , 24 May 2002 , p. A33 .
13 . Richard V. Allen , " An Intelligent Think to Do , " The New York Times , 14 November 2003 , p. A29 .
14 . Quoted in Dan Eggen , " 9/11 Panel to Have Rare Glimpse of Presidential Briefings , " The Washington Post , 16 November 2003 , p. A9 .
15 . See www.cia.gov/cia/public_affairs/faq.html
16 .
For direct quotes from CIA director William Webster 's 2 August 1990 briefing on Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait , see p. 315 . ; and for a direct quote from national security adviser Brent Scowcroft 's 7 March 1991 briefing memo on the Soviet Union , see p. 499 , both in George Bush and Brent Scowcroft , A World Transformed ( New York : Alfred A. Knopf , 1998 , 590 pp . ) .
17 . Cheney interview , Fox News , 19 May 2002 .
18 . President George W. Bush , Press conference , Rose Garden , 28 October 2003 .
19 . Dr. Condoleezza Rice , Press briefing , White House , 16 May 2002 .
See also Rice quote in Pincus , " Under Bush , the Briefing Gets Briefer , " The Washington Post , 24 May 2002 , p. A33 , describing the 6 August 2001 PDB as saying , " Here 's what we know historically about al Qaeda 's determination to attack the United States . "
20 . Eleanor Hill , Joint Inquiry Staff Statement , Part 1 , 18 September 2002 , on the web at http://www.fas.org/irp/congress/2002_hr/091802hill.html
21 . National Reconnaissance Office , Report on the Review of Security Requirements of the National Reconnaissance Program , 24 June 1974 , TOP SECRET [ DELETED ] TALENT - KEYHOLE , p. 9 . Declassified pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request by Dr. Jeffrey T. Richelson .
22 . Quoted in Dan Eggen , " 9/11 Panel to Have Rare Glimpse of Presidential Briefings , " The Washington Post , 16 November 2003 , p. A9 .
23 .
The minutes of the State Department historical advisory committee meeting are available on the invaluable web site of the Secrecy and Government Project of the Federation of American Scientists , at http://www.fas.org/sgp/advisory/state/hac0400.html
THE State Government will increase the incentive for families installing solar panels by about $ 1500 , overturning its cautious approach to supporting the technology .
In the process , it has broken ranks with every other state and turned its back on advice from the NSW Treasury .
The decision will buy the Premier , Nathan Rees , valuable support at this weekend 's ALP state conference , since the move is supported by the Electrical Trades Union which is headed by the party 's state president , Bernie Riordan .
The union 's Victorian branch released a study in September pushing for the generous subsidy .
After a review initiated by Mr Rees , the cabinet yesterday decided that households with solar energy systems will be paid for all of the electricity they generate , receiving the so - called '' gross ' ' feed - in tariff and not just the smaller '' net ' ' amount for surplus electricity they actually sell into the power grid .
This also means all other electricity users will pay the electricity bill of families with solar panels .
Only the ACT has this generous gross feed - in tariff , with all states supporting a net tariff to limit the cost .
Browser Performance Wishlist
What are the most important changes browsers could make to improve performance ?
This document is my answer to that question .
This is mainly for browser developers , although web developers will want to track the adoption of these improvements .
Before digging into the list I wanted to mention two items that would actually be at the top of the list if it was n’t for how new they are : SPDY and FRAG tag .
Both of these require industry adoption and possible changes to specifications , so it ’s too soon to put them on an implementation wishlist .
I hope these ideas gain consensus soon and to facilitate that I describe them here .
SPDY SPDY is a proposal from Google for making three major improvements to HTTP : compressed headers , multiplexed requests , and prioritized responses .
Initial studies showed 25 top sites were loaded 55 % faster .
Server and client implementations are available , and some other organizations and individuals have completed server and client implementations .
The protocol draft has been published for review .
FRAG tag
The idea behind this “ document fragment ” tag is that it be used to wrap 3rd party content – ads , widgets , and analytics .
3rd party content can have a severe impact on the containing page ’s performance due to additional HTTP requests , scripts that block rendering and downloads , and added DOM nodes .
Many of these factors can be mitigated by putting the 3rd party content inside an iframe embedded in the top level HTML document .
But iframes have constraints and drawbacks – they typically introduce another HTTP request for the iframe ’s HTML document , not all 3rd party code snippets will work inside an iframe without changes ( e.g. , references to “ document ” in JavaScript might need to reference the parent document ) , and some snippets ( expando ads , suggest ) ca n’t float over the main page ’s elements .
Another path to mitigate these issues is to load the JavaScript asynchronously , but many of these widgets use document .
write and so must be evaluated synchronously .
A compromise is to place 3rd party content in the top level HTML document wrapped in a FRAG block .
This approach degrades nicely – older browsers would ignore the FRAG tag and handle these snippets the same way they do today .
Newer browsers would parse the HTML in a separate document fragment .
The FRAG content would not block the rendering of the top level document .
Snippets containing document . write would work without blocking the top level document .
This idea just started getting discussed in January 2010 .
Much more use case analysis and discussion is needed , culminating in a proposed specification .
( Credit to Alex Russell for the idea and name . )
The List
The performance wishlist items are sorted highest priority first .
The browser icons indicate which browsers need to implement that particular improvement .
Thousands of Americans have pledged $ 9 million to Haitian relief agencies this week by punching a code and sending a text on their cellphones .
But it could be weeks , if not months , before any of that money actually can be used .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , CNN , and users of Twitter Inc. have urged people to punch 90999 and then type in the word " HAITI " on their phones to send $ 10 to the American Red Cross .
But the money wo n't be routed from most U.S. wireless carriers to relief efforts until cellphone users pay their ...
Jose Contreras has signed a one - year contract with the Philadelphia Phillies , a source confirmed for ESPNDeportes.com 's Enrique Rojas .
The Chicago Cubs expressed interest in Contreras and the pitcher was expected to sign with either the Cubs or the St. Louis Cardinals before striking a deal with Philadelphia .
Contreras was 5 - 13 with a 5.42 ERA last year for the Chicago White Sox before getting traded to the Colorado Rockies in late August .
Contreras , 38 , was 1 - 0 with a 1.59 ERA in seven games , including two starts .
He pitched twice in the playoffs , giving up one run in two innings , while earning a hold .
The deal is pending Contreras passing a physical .
A new love equation released just in time for Valentine 's Day which can calculate the right age to fall in love , created by Professor Tony Dooley at the University of New South Wales .
REUTERS / UNSW
School of Mathematics and Statistics / Handout
SYDNEY ( Reuters Life ) - Romantics looking for everlasting love will swoon over a new love equation released just in time for Valentine ’s Day and which can calculate the right age to fall in love .
The equation nicknamed the “ Fiancee Formula ” was created by an Australian mathematics professor and works by factoring in the age at which you start looking for a long - term partner and the absolute oldest age you would consider getting married .
“ Although probability is n’t the most romantic basis for a marriage , the formula does seem to fit a lot of couples -- whether through accident or design , ” said the equation ’s creator , Professor Tony Dooley at the University of New South Wales .
“ There ’s no reason why the science ca n’t be extended to calculate the best moment to marry , ” Dooley said in a statement .
However , love birds take note , the mathematical equation for love only has a 37 percent success rate .
The formula is helpful as a guide for the right moment to start getting serious , but could also be used by nervous men to calculate when to avoid the ultimate commitment , said Dooley .
Jeff sez :
Facing a $ 2.8 billion deficit and pending insolvency , Washington State 's House Bill 3176 proposes changes to its B &O Royalty tax that would give Microsoft an estimated $ 100 million tax cut annually and possible amnesty for more than a billion dollars in past tax evasion .
Under current law , all of Microsoft 's worldwide licensing revenues of approximately $ 20.7 billion annually are taxable at .484 percent or ~ $ 100.1 million .
Under the new law , only the portion of software licenses sold to Washington state customers would be taxable – perhaps resulting in less than a million annually in royalty tax from the company .
The lead sponsor of HB3176 is Democratic Representative Ross Hunter , who represents Medina , home to Bill Gates and a number of current and former Microsoft billionaires and multi-millionaires , and other areas around Microsoft 's corporate campus .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Soy burgers , soy cheese , soy ice cream , soy baby formula , soybean oil , tofu , all the way to soy milk - soy has taken over in America with a reputation for being all natural and good for you .
About 74 percent of U.S. consumers now believe soy products are healthy .
Although soybeans are considered a vegetable , that alone does not make it necessarily healthy .
It is interesting to note that soybeans were not listed as a food in the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) handbook in 1913 , but as an industrial product .
In 2009 , the soybean industry was a $ 6.8 billion dollar industry !
The marketing for soy has been aimed primarily at the health benefits of the isoflavones it contains , which is one of the phytochemicals in soybeans .
Isoflavones are the compounds which are being studied in relation to the relief of certain menopausal symptoms , cancer prevention , slowing or reversing osteoporosis and reducing the risk of heart disease .
The marketing and research has helped soymilk alone go from a $ 2 million dollar product in 1980 to $ 300 million dollar product in 2001 !
( 2 ) However , new research and studies have raised very important questions over the health benefits of soy .
The core of their concerns rests with the chemical makeup of the soybean .
Soybeans contain a natural chemical that mimics estrogen , the female hormone .
Studies have shown that this chemical might increase the risk of breast cancer in some women , affect brain function in men and lead to hidden developmental ab - normalities in infants .
Jill Schneider is an associate professor of biological sciences at Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania .
Through her extensive research she has discovered that a component of soybeans - isoflavones - significantly accelerated the onset of puberty in the rodents .
( 3 ) She points out that many babies who are allergic to cow`s milk are fed soy - based formulas , which contain isoflavones .
Isoflavones , she says , can act like estrogen , a natural hormone important in the development of both male and female humans and a baby fed soy will receive , through the phytoestrogens , the equivalent of approximately 5 birth control pills per day !
( 4 ) Besides soy mimicking estrogen in the body it also contains a dangerous substance called phytic acid ( or also referred to as phytates ) .
This substance is present in the bran or hulls of all seeds and legumes , but none have the high level of phytates which soybeans do .
Phytic acid blocks the body`s uptake of essential minerals like magnesium , calcium , iron and especially zinc .
Additionally , soybeans are highly resistant to phytate - reducing techniques , such as long , slow cooking .
In addition , soybeans also contain potent enzyme-inhibitors .
These inhibitors specifically block uptake of trypsin and other enzymes .
Trypsin and the other enzymes are needed for protein digestion .
Without them it can lead to serious gastric distress and to chronic deficiencies in amino acid uptake .
Soybeans also contain hemagglutinin , a clot - promoting substance which causes red blood cells to clump together and inhibits oxygen take - up and growth .
Hemagglutinin and trypsin inhibitors are both " growth depressant " substances .
Although the act of fermenting soybeans does de-activate both hemagglutinin and trypsin inhibitors , cooking and precipitation do not .
( 5 ) It is clear that soy is not suitable for human consumption unless it has gone through a rigorous fermentation process to reduce the anti-nutrient and phytate levels .
Examples of fermented soybeans are the following : tempeh , miso and natto and soybean sprouts .
If that 's not enough a very large percentage of soy - over 90 % - is genetically modified and it also has one of the highest percentages of contamination by pesticides of any of the foods we eat .
References : (1 ) http://www.freedoniagroup.com/Soy-Products-A... ( 2 ) Urquhart , John , " A Health Food Hits Big Time " , Wall Street Journal , August 3 , 1999 , p. B1(3 ) http://www.lehigh.edu/bio/schneider/schneide...
( 4 ) Irvine , C. et al. , " The Potential Adverse Effects of Soybean Phytoestrogens in Infant Feeding " , New Zealand Medical Journal May 24 , 1995 , p. 318 .
( 5 ) http://www.soyonlineservice.co.nz/index.htm
Dr. Jay Davidson has a passion for health and healing .
His purpose is to release America from the shackles of medicine .
Dr. Jay Davidson owns and operates Davidson Family Chiropractic in Waukesha , WI ( Milwaukee area ) , which specializes in structural correction chiropractic .
He also can be heard on a local radio station .
For more information go to www.MaxHealthRadio.com
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says his Government deserves to get a " whacking " from voters in the next round of opinion polls .
A poll of New South Wales voters in Sunday 's Fairfax newspapers shows the Coalition is equal with Labor on a two - party preferred basis .
However , Mr Rudd remains the preferred prime minister at 53 per cent compared to Opposition Leader Tony Abbott 's 40 per cent .
The Government is dealing with a series of political problems .
Its home insulation program has been scrapped , its climate change policy is on hold and it is being criticised for delaying its response to major reviews of the health and taxation systems .
Mr Rudd says voters are making their frustration clear .
" I 'm sure we 'll take an even bigger whacking in the period ahead and the bottom line is I think we deserve it , " he said .
" We are taking a pounding because we have n't been up to the mark so far .
" We are proud of what we have done on the economy last year in the face of everything happening around the world , but we are facing a different benchmark now . "
Mr Rudd told the ABC1's Insiders program that the Government needs to lift its game .
" I think people are becoming disappointed at the pace of the delivery of the commitments that we have made , " he said .
" We ain't walking away from it one bit .
There has been a delay and I 've been blamed for that , criticised for that - fair cop . "
Boost for Abbott
Mr Abbott has told Channel 10 he is encouraged by recent polls .
" People are starting to figure out that the Prime Minister is all talk and no action , " he said .
But he says the Coalition has a long way to go to win government .
" I 'm not making too much of this poll , " he told Channel Ten .
" Yes , it 's a bit encouraging but there is a lot of work for the Coalition to do . "
Botched scheme
Mr Abbott has promised to continue to pursue Mr Rudd over his role in the botched home insulation scheme .
He says Mr Rudd still has questions to answer .
" In the end it 's Kevin Rudd who is responsible for this , " Mr Abbott said .
" He is responsible for a disastrous program , perhaps the worst administrative disaster in modern Australian history , and he can't even sack a minister properly . "
Environment Minister Peter Garrett was demoted on Friday after the now - axed $ 2.45 billion home insulation program he oversaw was linked to four deaths and 93 house fires .
Mr Rudd acknowledges the scheme failed on Mr Garrett 's watch , but says the Environment Minister 's new portfolio responsibilities reflect his strengths .
" There have been real problems with the implementation of this program .
There have been real problems with compliance , " he said .
" The minister has had those responsibilities removed from him . "
As environment protection minister , Mr Rudd says Mr Garrett will continue to act on issues like Queensland 's Traveston Dam proposal and the Gunns pulp mill in Tasmania .
" These are areas where his impartiality has never been questioned , his diligence has never been questioned and his effectiveness has never been questioned , " he said .
Welcome to DAIL DAMN FUN GALLERIES .
Home of the best GALLERIES on the Net .
Daily we add pictures , WEIRD , FUNNY , ART , FASHION , WORLD , PEOPLE , STYLE , VIDEOS , CRAZY , FRESH , COOL SEXY , HOT CELEBRITIES and other great stuff .
Best Fqtanju 5 Yards X 6 cm Wide Cotton Tassel Fringe In Beige .
6 cm reviews
We examined a ton of Fqtanju 5 Yards X 6 cm Wide Cotton Tassel Fringe In Beige .
6 cm reviews from our clients just to bring you the best ones of 2020 .
WHISTLER , British Columbia 
As the Olympic sliding sports schedule moves from luge to skeleton to bobsled , a constant remains :
The competitors will hurl themselves down the icy chute of the Whistler Sliding Centre , billed as the fastest track in the world , where a luge athlete from the Republic of Georgia was killed last week in a training crash .
Olympic officials and the sport ’s international governing body responded to the death of Nodar Kumaritashvili by shortening the course to reduce speeds .
However , no such precautions will be taken for skeleton and bobsled , which can also attain speeds in excess of 85 miles per hour and have had their share of violent crashes , including dozens on this track since it opened two years ago .
Those sports are governed by an international federation known as the F.I.B.T. , which is separate from the International Luge Federation .
The bobsled and skeleton federation said shortening the course was not an option .
“ Bobsled and skeleton need a running start , ” the group ’s spokesman , Don Krone , said .
“ For competitions , there are no other starts than at the top . ”
There are certain tasks you should n’t help others with .
Â
These include , but at not limited to , passing a kidney stone , disposing of a dead body , and shopping for lingerie .
Â
These are one person jobs .
Poor Rick , he just does n’t get it .
Are you interested in joining the team for Tsukino - Con 2021 ?
Would you like to help improve the fandom experience through one of our various volunteering departments , or hone your leadership skills and get more directly involved by becoming a staff member ?
Click here to apply as a volunteer , or here to contact us about current staff openings !
New to Skoolie.net ?
Say hello ; tell us about yourself or your skoolie !
Having a problem , want a new feature or topic .
Let us know .
Short - Bus Conversion Projects ( 10 Viewing )
A forum specifically for those who need to manage their space a little more carefully than the big buses .
Threads : 1,329 , Posts : 32,140 E450 Floor Plan by Sharee100 08:51 PM
Today
For more stories on China - U.S. relations , click [ ID : nCHINA ] .
* China to assess duties of 43.1 - 105.4 pct on chicken parts
* Rising trade and currency tensions
* US chicken industry ’s profitable China business threatened
( Adds AmCham statement , final duties date in paras 5 , 11 )
By Lucy Hornby and Niu Shuping
BEIJING , Feb 5 ( Reuters ) - China will levy heavy anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken products , its Commerce Ministry said on Friday , a move likely to aggravate trade relations and antagonise one of the few U.S. industries that profitably exports to China .
The ministry ’s initial investigation showed that U.S. companies had dumped chicken products into the Chinese market , according to the ministry ’s website ( www.mofcom.gov.cn).
The preliminary tariffs were announced a day after China requested a World Trade Organisation ruling on European Union duties on shoes made in China .
That was the most recent of many cases demonstrating China ’s embrace of the WTO to keep markets open to the exports on which it depends .
The United States and China are engaged in a series of trade disputes , particularly over the value of the Chinese currency , with President Barack Obama this week vowing to get tough in dealing with complaints that U.S. exports are at a disadvantage .
“ The world needs strong U.S. - China economic engagement now , not a ratcheting up of trade tensions , ” said Michael Barbalas , president of the American Chamber of Commerce in China .
Chicken wings and feet , virtually worthless in the U.S. market , are a delicacy in southern China .
Many U.S. poultry producers count on the Chinese market to round out their profits .
“ Chicken feet and wings are not wanted in the U.S. so they sell them to China , they dump them below cost , ” said Wang Xiulin , president of the Chinese Poultry Association .
“ For over a decade , the U.S. has sent big volumes of chicken to the Chinese market , hurting producers here .
Last year , the Chinese poultry industry was really hurting so we asked for this investigation . ”
Tyson Foods TSN.N , an active investor and lobbyist in China , got the lowest duty of 43.1 percent .
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. PPC.N was hit with an 80.5 percent duty .
Most other firms , including Sanderson Farms SAFM.O , face a 64.5 percent duty .
Those that did not appeal the finding would pay duties of 105.4 percent , the ministry said .
Duties go into force on Feb 13 , or Chinese New Year ’s Eve , ensuring the price of the popular delicacies remain steady for holiday shoppers already fretting about vegetable inflation .
The rates could be adjusted in the final ruling , in several months .
GAME OF CHICKEN
The U.S. poultry industry had been lobbying for Congress to revoke a prohibition on U.S. inspectors certifying Chinese cooked poultry plants , a prohibition that China is fighting at the WTO .
That prohibition is lifted in the latest Congressional budget , although U.S. inspectors have yet to tour Chinese plants .
The author of the prohibition had cited food safety concerns if cooked chicken were imported from China , which has undergone a series of food safety scandals , including the delibrate lacing of milk with melamine , a chemical product that causes kidney stones .
China began its investigation in U.S. chicken parts after the U.S. imposed safeguard duties on Chinese - made tyres , which China is fighting at the WTO [ ID : nLDE60I1H8 ] .
The new tariffs could close a lucrative market for the U.S. poultry industry , which supplie more than ¾ of China ’s imports .
Chicken feet and wings fetch about 2 U.S. cents per pound in the U.S. , but land in China at about 42 U.S. cents - a figure that Chinese rivals say represents the cost of the freight only .
A flat import tax of 500 yuan ( $ 73 ) a tonne and a 13 percent value - added tax mean U.S. wings and feet can enter the Chinese market at about 54 cents a pound - compared to the Chinese wholesale price of about 76 cents .
Additional duties mean that U.S. imported chicken parts will cost about 5 cents per pound more than their Chinese competitors .
( Writing by Lucy Hornby ; Editing by Ron Popeski )
This is a non-official site , just to promote Chile as country and its culture .
Official Name : Republic of Chile
Type of Government : Representative Democracy , Presidential Regime
Capital : Santiago
Independence : September 18 , 1810
National Holiday : September 18 , Independence Day
A trip from north to south
The relief of Chile has a common factor throughout its territory :
To the east the Andes and west Pacific Ocean .
Between them there are mountains , valleys , lakes , volcanoes and a host of other major geographic features .
It has almost every climate in the world .
The North
On its northern side and for about 1,500 kms. from the border with Peru to the south , there is one of the driest deserts on earth .
Here are the highest peaks of the Andes , whose peaks reach 6,893 meters to the .
Extensive plateaux and valleys downstream end on the coast and cliffs overlooking the sea .
In the southern sector of the North Chico begin to appear the first signs of vegetation due to the sporadic rains that fall three to four times a year .
This allows one of the clearest skies to make astronomy , exist in the major telescopes worldwide .
In the area start to appear called transverse valleys where grapes are grown for the production of Pisco , Chile ’s traditional liquor .
The Center
Further south Valparaiso port activity center where the National Congress , and Vina del Mar is known for its tourism .
In Santiago , the capital of Chile , we have the largest population mass in the country .
This city also has the main international airport that receives almost all international flights .
Further south we have a Mediterranean climate that allows agriculture , an activity that characterizes the countryside south of Santiago .
The South
About 500 kms. and the flora is most abundant , resulting in the greenery of the landscape and the appearance of lakes and rivers .
Puerto Montt in the south the land is totally bankrupt and changed appearance .
Thousands of islands , channels , fjords , steep mountains , immense glaciers and rushing rivers with virgin forests reaching the sea , form a landscape of great beauty .
In yet another version of the often - used phrase " tastes like chicken , " scientists from the University of Missouri have come up with a soy substitute for chicken that seems to mimic the real thing .
Leading the effort is Fu-Hung Hsieh , a professor of biological engineering and food science in the College of Agriculture , Food and Natural Resources and the College of Engineering .
Many soy - based meat substitutes are basically flavored , colored and / or textured to somewhat resemble steak , sausage or ground beef , but this one is more similar to chicken , with the same stringiness found in the cooked flesh .
That , said Hsieh in a news release , in part came from adding extra fiber to get that particular quality .
He 's been involved with research on the process that has published in the Journal of Food Science and the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , documenting the extrusion process that incorporates water , heat and pressure to achieve the desired results .
" This particular soy substitute is different because we are working with a higher moisture content , which is up to 75 % , " Hsieh said in the release .
" The high moisture content is what gives the soy a very similar texture to chicken -- in addition to the appearance . "
We have a few questions :
If this product ever comes to market ( Hsieh is currently refining it and doing taste tests ) , to whom will it appeal ?
Carnivores who are looking , for health reasons , for a palatable meat substitute that tastes like the real thing ?
Would vegetarians be interested in this at all ?
Will chicken noodle soup ever be the same ?
-- Jeannine Stein
Photo credit : Spencer Weiner / Los Angeles Times
My 10 - year - old daughter and I started to talk about philosophy .
It ’s what she currently say is what she want ’s to do when she grows up .
I told her that I think she has what it takes to contribute to that field and that she probably also would make a great logician .
She asked about what logicians do and via Russel ’s Paradox ( hers and my favorite ) we came quite naturally to speak about ancient Greece .
They had been talking about Greek thinkers in school , she said .
Then she asked something surprising :
Daughter : Does Greece still have a leading edge in philosphy ?
I could n’t help thinking about how Greece is the G in PIGS and how those countries probably all will collapse , maybe with Greece first .
Me : No , … that was a very long time ago .
…
Then again , … yes , maybe , since they have these heroes in their past maybe they keep getting inspired and maybe Greece is still producing great philosophers .
Daughter : Producing !
That ca n’t be the right word .
Me : Well , … foster then ?
What ’s wrong with it producing , anyway ?
Daughter : Foster is better …
Producing sounds like in a factory .
Me : Yeah , do n’t you think countries and regions are a lot like factories , producing food , cars , toys and also philosophers ?
Daughter :
Not quite , you know , it ’s the people who choose what they want to become , not the factory .
That ’s my girl !
She realizes something Keynes did n’t want to acknowledge .
Human Action .
Individuals making choices .
Me :
That ’s only in a truly free society though .
Daughter : What ?
People can choose freely what to become in Sweden !
Me : Can they ?
Daughter : Definitely .
Me : I do n’t agree .
Think about your piano teacher for instance .
She obviously loves her job .
Loves teaching new generations how to sing and play piano and such .
Daughter : Exactly .
She became what she wanted to be .
Me :
But maybe she would rather have liked to be a free entrepreneur in her field ?
Daughter : Could n’t she ?
Me : She could probably not afford it .
Daughter :
Why not ?
Me : Because she would have to charge a lot more per pupil than we pay for your lessons to make a living from it .
She would n’t get many pupils since parents like us can’t afford it because most of our money is forced away from us by the government .
The same government that runs the music school using some of our money .
Even if we could afford it there ’s still the choice of paying much less for your lessons using the public option .
Do you see how the government has destroyed the market for free entrepreneurship in this area ?
Daughter : I think so …
But why do you say that the government forces our money from us ?
Me : Because that ’s what they do .
It ’s like gangsters robbing you on the street .
Those you give what you have lest they kill you or beat you up .
The government is saying something like “ Give us your money or we will make your life a living hell ! ” .
Daughter :
They would n’t use foul language like that !
Me : Right , they would n’t , but that is what they mean , is n’t it ?
If I do n’t pay my taxes they claim it and send people here that takes our things away and sell them .
And then I would probably have to go to jail too .
Daughter : Yes , I see your point .
Me : Even if your piano teacher did n’t want to be a free entrepeneur , maybe she would still want to become rich from her talents and good hand with you kids ?
Daughter : Could n’t she ?
Me : Not with the salary the government pays her .
Daughter :
She gets a low salery ?
Me : Yes .
Daughter : Maybe you can’t choose freely what you want to be …
Me :
In this case it ’s the effect of government adding unjust competition on the market for piano lessons .
But it ’s worse in basic education , because there we have a government monopoly .
Daughter :
No , it ’s not a monopoly , dad .
I go to a “ friskola ” .
I do n’t know how to translate “ friskola ” .
It ’s private corporations that run schools with taxpayer money .
All schools , “ private ” or public , get the same amount of taxpayer money per pupil .
Entrepreneurs that can run the school for less than they get from the government pockets the difference .
( So far , if the Social Democrats wins this years election they might forbid these school entrepreneurs to make a profit . )
Me : Yes , but your school gets payed with taxpayer money , just like a public school .
Daughter :
Is that so ?
But why does anyone want to run a school like that ?
Me : Because they like running schools and there ’s money to make from it .
Daughter :
How could it be money in it ?
I thought the school system was starved ?
Me : Oh , there ’s lots of money to make for the right entrepreneur !
You see , your school gets exactly the same amount of money per pupil as public schools do .
Daughter : I do n’t quite follow .
Me : But , do n’t you know that when the government runs things it does so with great inefficiency ?
In fact government is the worst operator of any business .
That means that even a mediocre entrepreneur can make money simply by running the school more efficiently .
And truly skilled entrepreneurs can get really rich .
Daughter : I see … so , the government is bad at running schools and that makes it a good affair for private businessmen ?
Me : Spot on . …
So do you agree ?
Daughter : Agree with what ?
Me :
That only in a truly free society people can choose what they want to become ?
Daughter : Not fully .
I do n’t get it .
Sweden is free !
Me : Is it ?
Is it freedom that the government forces us to give them our money ?
Daughter :
No , that ’s not free .
But they do n’t force much from us , do they ?
Me : Well , in Sweden we pay the highest taxes in the entire world .
( Yeah , possibly with the exception of North Korea , Cuba and the like , but I did n’t want to complicate the picture further . )
Daughter :
We do ??? … ummm …
So what ’s a free society then ?
Me :
To me it ’s a society where government stays out of the way .
…
Everything is based on free will and exchange . …
In a good trade there are two winners .
Mutual benefit is the key .
…
Everywhere the government interferes a piece of freedom is the price . …
So … a really tiny government is an important marquee of a free society .
Not a perfect answer , I know !
But the question took me by surprise …
Daughter :
Are there any truly free countries ?
Me : No , but some are more free than others .
Daughter : Of course !
Is Sweden one of the freest ?
Me : Well , we have the highest taxes in the world , remember ?
Daughter : And ?
Me : Well , our government forces more money of us than governments in other countries .
That means our government has lots resources and has grown really , really big .
Huge even .
There ’s not many activities we can participate in without the government interfering in one way or the other .
Lot ’s of freedom - pieces payed .
Thus ; not free .
Not by a long shot .
But , yes , we have free speech and freedom of press and many other key elements of freedom so we ’re not the least free country in the world either .
Daughter : I see …
Me : Remember , this is all as I see it .
If you start checking these things up , you ’ll find that most people see it differently .
Many agree that schools and other institutions run by the government are in bad shape , but they somehow blame it on greedy businessmen .
Or something . …
Then , of course , there is the odd public school that is run well .
It ’s very much about what people run it . …
What you must do is think hard and much about these things .
Investigate them and form your own view .
Do n’t just swallow the views that “ everyone ” has .
And certainly do n’t take my word for it in matters like these , I ’m very strongly opinionated here .
Ask around .
Read .
Think .
Think a lot .
Daughter : Maybe I will .
Ca n’t blame her !
She ’s a kid .
Tons of more fun things to care about than if a bloaty government is a good or a bad thing .
End of transcript .
I ’ve shortened it some and might have gotten some details a bit wrong …
But most of it is correct , I ’m sure , because the session stuck to my mind in a peculiar way .
Yeah , maybe some of it was lost in translation too .
English is a struggle !
I ’m not sure if I did the right thing talking this openly to her about my views ?
She tells me she feels free and I tell her she ’s a serf …
Parental fail ?
Then again , we have this agreement , my daughter and I , that we should be open and honest with each other .
She was in that want - to - be - taken - seriously mode and would have sensed if I was dishonest or avoiding something vital .
Besides , I must prepare her for her fight to break the Swedish serfdom .
For when I ’m not around to fight it for her . =)
Further reading :
Introspective :
[ H]e gets pedicures and has breakfast at the Regency on Park Avenue ( where Rielle Hunter famously picked up John Edwards by calling him “ so hot ” ) .
He often gets chauffeured by MSNBC to his gigs on Morning Joe and has flown to the boroughs in a helicopter ...
There are top Democrats who find Ford too slick .
“ He could sell a snowball in a blizzard , ” said one ...
Being a Wall Street bonus baby is not a plus .
“ I ’m not running from the fact that I worked at a bank and brought in clients , ” he said .
“ Am I proud of everything that went on ?
Of course not . ”
Saturday 's my birthday .
I was born in New York City but I 've now lived in California longer than I did in New York .
Does n't matter ; I 'll always been from NY .
When I was 21 I spent a winter in a tiny hamlet in the Hindu Kush where no one spoke Farsi , let alone English .
In fact no one had ever heard of the United States or experienced electricity .
When I got back to Kabul in the spring my friends all noticed that my Brooklyn accent was as strong as ever -- although my Pashto was almost passable .
I do n't remember 10 words of Pashto ( or Farsi / Dari ) but my Brooklyn accent ...
I could still be living on East 17th Street between O and P , around the corner from Dubrow 's or in Atlantic Towers on Homecrest Avenue just beyond Avenue Z .
There 's about as much a chance that someone would mistake me from an Afghan as for a Californian .
Soon after I first got to San Francisco a Sufi connection from the meditation center I worked at in Amsterdam got me a job at a p.r. firm off Union Square .
One day I picked up the phone and there was a distressed , actually hysterical , woman on the line , a friend , she said , of my boss , and she was threatening to jump out of a window .
I went into red alert mode and interrupted my boss , who calmly told me to put her on hold and get back to work .
How inhuman , I thought .
I went back to the damsel in distress and talked her off the ledge -- a proverbial one , it turned out , more or less .
It was the beginning of a close friendship , which ended a few years ago when she was brutally murdered .
Her father had been a notorious Mafia don ; he had been brutally murdered too -- before I met her .
He left her a lot of money ; she was my first wealthy friend .
I used to stay at her mansion in Pacific Heights and when I went to New York City I stayed in her snazzy apartment on Sutton Place , a part of New York I had heard of but never been too .
It was n't for people from Brooklyn .
Sutton
Place gave me the creeps .
It did n't smell like the NYC I knew .
It smelled ... like money ; it smelled Republican .
Oh , yes , there are Republicans in NYC .
I once read a report on George W. Bush political donations by zip code .
The biggest donor zip codes for his campaign where from Manhattan -- Sutton Place included .
The Republicans in NYC hardly run for office anymore -- or if they do , it 's as part of a freakshow like Giuliani or Bloomberg .
If you hear about a Republican elected official in NYC , it 's probably someone from Staten Island or maybe a sociopath from Queens .
But the big Republican money in New York City does n't go to waste .
It goes to the state -- well that has been a waste -- and national parties and their candidates .
But it also goes towards making the Democratic Party more .... well , more Republican .
It 's not a coincidence that much of the power inside the Democratic Establishment is conservative power -- especially when it comes to financial matters .
Wall Street wealth searches out amenable ( i.e. , easily corruptible if not ideologically predisposed ) Democrats to nurture .
That is certainly why Rahm Emanuel wound up in the House leadership after one term and why he's now the White House Chief - of - Staff .
And it also goes a long way towards explaining Harold Ford 's bid for a New York Senate seat .
Ford 's Memphis
House seat was part of the family business he inherited from his father , Harold Ford , Sr . The family 's political shenanigans are a caricature of the kind of political corruption that preys on inner city populations .
In the House Ford was the most conservative Democrat representing a major urban area in the country .
And one of the most corrupt .
To this day , when you look up who the Financial Sector has most favored , Harold Ford , Jr is still up near the top .
In the entire history of the U.S. House of Representatives the only congressional criminals who have managed to rake in more than the $ 3,682,599 Big Finance gave Ford , are senators plus 4 members of the House expressly working on Wall Street -- ex-Chairman of the House Banking Subcommittee on Housing Rick Lazio , who went on to " work " as an executive vice president of JPMorgan Chase ( R- NY - $ 6,424,123 ) , ex-Minority Leader Dick Gephardt ( D - MO - $ 5,094,782 ) , Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee Charlie Rangel ( $ 4,602,317 ) and Ranking Republican on the House Financial Services Committee ( and notorious insider - stock trader ) , Spencer Bachus ( R- AL - $ 4,107,424 .
That 's right , Big Finance has given more to their boy Ford than they have to their biggest and most corrupt GOP bets , Eric Cantor ( $ 3,677,585 ) , John Boehner ( $ 3,369,029 ) , Roy Blunt ( $ 3,080,155 ) , Pete Sessions ( $ 2,929,240 ) , Mark Kirk ( $ 2,879,320 ) , Bill McCollum ( $ 2,722,300 ) , Mike Castle ( $ 2,684,612 ) , Jeb Hensarling ( $ 2,440,100 ) , Tom DeLay ( $ 2,261,566 ) , David Dreier ( $ 2,199,788 ) and Paul Ryan ( $ 1,726,095 ) .
Earlier today Maureen Dowd did acolumn about Ford 's possible run in New York .
She termed him " the darling of what he calls the ' Manhattan social philanthropic crowd . ' ”
Not what you would have found around Dubrow's or Sheepshead Bay or at James Madison High School , where Ken and I were students , along with Chuck Schumer , Bernie Sanders , and , a few years earlier , Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
She describes Ford as a " Merrill Lynch rainmaker , " a nice way of saying he used his influence to suck taxpayer dollars from our pockets and put it into the pockets of Wall Street fatcats -- like himself .
He 's currently a Vice - Chairman of Bank of America in charge of stealing taxpayer money .
He did n't give back the millions of dollars he 's pocketed though -- so I guess he is n' tnot proud .
Ford is the living , breathing definition of the words " self - serving " and " sleazy , " a stereotype of the very worst politics can throw up .
In 2006 the Blue America PAC enthusiastically endorsed Kirsten Gillibrand for her first -- and successful -- run for Congress .
One fourth of all the money she raised online came from 584 Blue America donors .
We did n't endorse her again in 2008 because she had joined the Blue Dog caucus and I was disappointed when she was appointed to Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat .
That said , she has been a decent senator ( with a Progressive Punch score of 97.90 , not quite as good as Sherrod Brown 's 99.32 or Sheldon Whitehouse 's 98.64 , but slightly better than Al Franken 's 97.84 and Bernie Sanders ' 96.99 ) and even as a Blue Dog was never a gratuitously conservative a - hole like Ford .
With solid progressive Jonathan Tasini as her only opponent in the primary , Blue America pretty much decided to steer clear of endorsing her -- and even considered endorsing Tasini .
But then Wall Street 's candidate stepped in and now we 're wondering about this race again .
Suggestions are welcome .
Labels : Harold Ford , Kirsten Gillibrand , New York , Senate 2010
February 22 , 2010
U.S. OFFICIALS scored a propaganda victory with operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan that were universally hailed by the mainstream media as signs of real progress in Washington 's war against the Taliban .
But beneath the charades and the celebrating , none of the war 's basic features have changed .
The Afghan revolt against the U.S. occupation has spread more widely than ever , and Western tactics of counterinsurgency , along with the brutality and corruption of President Hamid Karzai 's government , are stoking further discontent .
A case in point was the slaughter of 12 Afghan civilians -- five of them children -- by two rockets fired by a U.S. artillery system on February 14 during the U.S. - led assault on Marja , a town in western Helmand province described as a " Taliban stronghold . "
But the U.S. media were less interested in the latest killing of innocents by American forces than the announcement of the capture of the Taliban 's top military commander , Abdul Ghani Baradar , in Pakistan 's port city of Karachi .
This arrest was followed by the apprehension of two Taliban provincial " shadow governors " in the same city .
Marines launch artillery fire during the assault on Marja ( Sgt. Christopher R. Rye )
In Afghanistan , the Marja assault is intended to demonstrate that additional U.S. troops can make some kind of difference in Afghanistan .
There was never any doubt about whether the offensive would succeed militarily , as 15,000 heavily armed U.S. , British , Canadian and Afghan soldiers were battling a lightly armed Taliban force estimated by U.S. officials to number only 400 by the time the assault began .
The offensive was also supposed to demonstrate the strength of the Afghan government to an audience in Afghanistan , but that part has n't worked out so well .
The story was that Afghan military forces would lead the fight against the Taliban , supported by U.S. troops , and replace the rebels with an " indigenous " Afghan government that could deliver services quickly .
Thus , the offensive was named " Operation Moshtarak , " which means " together " in Dari , one of Afghanistan 's principal languages .
In reality , the government 's Afghan National Army tagged along after U.S. forces .
As the New York Times reported :
Scenes from this corner of the battlefield , observed over eight days by two New York Times journalists , suggest that the day when the Afghan Army will be well - led and able to perform complex operations independently , rather than merely assist American missions , remains far off ...
In every engagement between the Taliban and one front - line American Marine unit , the operation has been led in almost every significant sense by American officers and troops .
They organized the forces for battle , transported them in American vehicles and helicopters from Western - run bases into Taliban - held ground , and have been the primary fighting force each day .
The effort to " Afghanize " the operation was limited mainly to paramilitary police , who were supposed to take control of the streets after U.S. Marines cleared out the Taliban fighters -- a process that has taken far longer than predicted .
In any case , Malalai Joya , a former member of the Afghan parliament and an antiwar activist , told the Britain 's Independent that the police have little chance of winning acceptance :
The Afghan police force is the most corrupt institution in Afghanistan .
Bribery is common , and if you have money , by bribing police from top to bottom , you can do almost anything .
In many parts of Afghanistan , people hate the police more than the Taliban .
In Helmand , for instance , people are afraid of police who commit violence against people and make trouble .
U.S. EFFORTS to parachute Afghan government officials into captured areas are also unlikely to succeed .
The governor - to - be for Marja , Haji Zahir , is a businessman who lived in Germany from 1984 to 2002 .
Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , hit the nail on the head when he said , " We 've got a government in a box , ready to roll in . "
In case there was any doubt about who would really be in charge , the Financial Times reported :
Two U.S. and UK officials are poised to join [ Zahir ] , then rapidly implement projects designed to persuade the population in Marja ... of the benefits of siding with the government of Hamid Karzai .
The U.S. plans to back the rehabilitation of schools , a clinic and a road linking Marja to Lashkar Gah , the nearby provincial capital .
But there 's no reason to believe that the Zahir administration will be any better at carrying out development or delivering services than the national Karzai government , to which it 's closely connected .
The billions of dollars in foreign aid poured into the capital of Kabul rarely finds its way to the Afghan population , but rather is diverted into the staggeringly corrupt circle of warlords whom Karzai is allied with .
In fact , because the Western military plans to run the show in Marja , thus making reconstruction projects a likely target for insurgent attacks , United Nations officials said on February 17 that their aid workers would n't participate in NATO reconstruction plans .
Western forces plan to hand out jobs to key people who collaborate with the occupation .
That 's the real significance behind the much - publicized courtship with local tribal elders .
Far from showing Afghans that the Karzai regime and its armed forces are defending the interests of ordinary Afghans , the Marja operation will reinforce the widespread impression that the U.S. is using a combination of violence and bribery in order to keep its troops on Afghan soil .
Can this strategy of killing and cooptation work ?
According to U.S. counterinsurgency doctrine , some of the payola distributed to local big shots is supposed to trickle down to young men who might otherwise join the Taliban .
As one British official explained , " We think many of the foot soldiers are in it for the money , not the ideology . "
It 's true that only a handful of those who have taken up arms in recent years have been motivated by radical Islamist ideology -- and that unemployment is endemic to the war zone .
But to focus on what the occupiers can achieve with money ignores what insurgents themselves say about why they fight .
Interviews of Taliban fighters conducted by the Toronto Globe and Mail in 2008 reveal that a high proportion joined because they personally knew civilians who had been killed or wounded in the U.S. war .
Others were driven into desperation when U.S. - sponsored eradication of opium poppies destroyed their families ' income .
In a recent investigation in the Nation , Kabul - based reporter Anand Gopal showed that Afghans also turn against the U.S. presence when troops whisk away family or acquaintances , commonly in night raids , to be interrogated and tortured in secret prisons .
The offensive in Marja added to these grievances when the U.S. missile strike killed the civilians .
Marja residents may have more horror stories to tell about the assault , but these are unlikely to get much play in the Western media , Gopal told the radio program Democracy Now !
because the great majority of reporters on the scene are embedded with the attacking forces .
While the short - term news beamed to the West may convey the impression that the Taliban are on the run , the long - term effect of the assault may be to fuel the insurgency by stoking new rage at the occupiers and their Afghan clients .
MEANWHILE , IN Pakistan , the capture of the Afghan Taliban 's top military commander provided a boost to speculation that the Taliban are now under such pressure that they could soon enter negotiations to end to the war .
The significance and even the details of Mullah Abdul Baradar 's arrest remain murky , however .
When the arrest was made public on February 16 , apparently more than two weeks after it took place , initial news reports hailed it as a breakthrough for the U.S. in getting Pakistani officials to cooperate with the CIA in the pursuit of Afghan Taliban leaders .
Pakistan 's security forces supported the Taliban from its earliest days in the 1990s as a way to extend Pakistani influence in Afghanistan , and they continued covert support even after officially signing on to Washington 's " war on terror " in 2001 .
Pakistani military and civilian officials alike have tolerated the presence of top Taliban leaders in the country since then , on the assumption that the Taliban may have more staying power in Afghanistan than the U.S. does .
Given this background , real Pakistani cooperation with the CIA would signal a major shift in strategy -- apparently a new tack in jockeying for influence against regional rivals , principally India .
Many commentators speculated that Pakistani officials felt left out of a potential negotiated settlement of the war , because Saudi Arabia has sponsored contacts between the Taliban and the Karzai government .
Reva Bhalla of the Stratfor think tank told CNN : " Pakistan 's cooperation with the U.S. in capturing [ Baradar ] may be its way of telling Washington to deal with Islamabad - - not Saudi Arabia -- if it wants to negotiate with the Afghan Taliban . "
There are a few problems with this theory .
One is the reports on February 19 that Pakistani officials had begun saying the arrest was an accident -- that Baradar was swept up while security forces were trying to capture other related , but less significant Taliban figures .
Another problem is that Baradar is reputed to be among the most flexible and conciliatory of the Taliban 's inner circle -- already a possible back - channel negotiator with Karzai .
His arrest would thus set back negotiations , not advance them .
Syed Saleem Shahzad remarked on the Asia Times , " As a result of the Taliban 's strict code , once a powerful commander is apprehended , his influence is reduced to zero . "
In fact , the New York Times quoted a Dutch researcher with connections to the Taliban , Alex Strick van Linschoten , who said that Taliban representatives were furious at Baradar 's arrest and were n't likely to be open to an approach for negotiations .
Speaking to the Times , a White House official cast doubt on the idea that Pakistani regional strategy has shifted .
" All this is not necessarily related to a rational decision at the top of the Pakistani military to see things our way , " the official said .
Baradar 's arrest may disrupt the Taliban 's military chain of command for a time .
But as Lindschoten remarked , " On a local level ... Taliban fighters operate fairly independently ... and they 'll just keep fighting . "
They 'll keep fighting -- because the events in Marja and Karachi have n't changed their reasons for fighting .
About 15,000 single - family homes in the West Valley and North Central sections of L.A. are eligible for the program , which will begin April 5 after participating residents ’ bins have been equipped with identification tags that allow their waste to be weighed and assigns them points that can be redeemed at various retailers .
CVS , Bed Bath & Beyond and Ruby Tuesday are among the national chains participating in the program .
El Pollo Loco , Tritsch True Value Hardware and Jollibee are some of the local businesses that have also teamed with RecycleBank .
Throughout the nation , more than 1,000 stores accept RecycleBank points .
Angelenos already reduce , reuse or recycle about 65 % of their waste -- the highest rate of the country ’s 10 largest cities .
But in an effort to be " the cleanest , greenest big city in America , " with a " goal of zero waste , " according to Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who announced the L.A. RecycleBank program , " we are building innovative partnerships that will employ outside resources ... to motivate residents to recycle more and pump money directly back into the local economy . "
The city of L.A. unveiled a pilot program Tuesday to encourage more recycling of beer bottles , old newspapers , cardboard , plastic and other recyclables .
Called RecycleBank , the program gives points to individuals who recycle , worth as much as $ 400 per year per blue bin .
" For too long , people viewed doing things for the environment as the right thing to do but costly , " said RecycleBank Chief Executive Ron Gonen , who founded the company in 2005 .
" I wanted to start a movement that said smart environmental decisions were also smart economic decisions .
Recycling could have the biggest impact in terms of changing that view and behavior because it touches every house . "
Headquartered in New York City , RecycleBank has contracts with more than 50 cities in the U.S. , including Philadelphia , Chicago , Houston , Phoenix , Atlanta and now L.A .
According to the city ’s Bureau of Sanitation director , Enrique Zaldivar , the pilot program will run for at least one year and possibly two .
Northridge , Topanga , Sherman Oaks , Hollywood , Lincoln Heights and Cypress Park are among the neighborhoods that will be included in the pilot .
In early March , Zaldivar said , residents along various waste - collection routes will receive mailers that explain what they can recycle and how they can register for the program .
Their existing blue bins will also be equipped with a bar code and ID stickers incorporating microchips that include the home 's account number so they can receive their recycling rewards .
The rewards are weight - based and will be evenly distributed among an entire waste - collection route , not by individual participation .
[ Updated at 1:25 p.m. :
A previous version of this post said that participating homeowners would receive new bins and that the microchip was encoded with personal information . ]
A ton of recyclables brings the city $ 25 of revenue rather than costing the city $ 30 to dispose of it , Zaldivar said , adding that the city ’s goal is to increase the current 65 % waste - diversion rate to 70 % by 2013 .
Part of that increase could happen as a result of the RecycleBank partnership , which could start rolling out to an additional 745,000 single - family and small - apartment households as early as April 2011 .
The ultimate goal for the program is 1.2 million households .
-- Susan Carpenter
Photo credit : RecycleBank
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. securities regulators originally treated the New York Federal Reserve ’s bid to keep secret many of the details of the American International Group bailout like a request to protect matters of national security , according to emails obtained by Reuters .
The request to keep the details secret were made by the New York Federal Reserve -- a regulator that helped orchestrate the bailout -- and by the giant insurer itself , according to the emails .
The emails from early last year reveal that officials at the New York Fed were only comfortable with AIG submitting a critical bailout - related document to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission after getting assurances from the regulatory agency that “ special security procedures ” would be used to handle the document .
The SEC , according to an email sent by a New York Fed lawyer on January 13 , 2009 , agreed to limit the number of SEC employees who would review the document to just two and keep the document locked in a safe while the SEC considered AIG ’s confidentiality request .
The SEC had also agreed that if it determined the document should not be made public , it would be stored “ in a special area where national security related files are kept , ” the lawyer wrote .
In another email , a New York Fed official said the SEC suggested in late December 2008 , that AIG file the document under seal and then apply to the regulatory agency for so - called confidential treatment , if central bankers wanted to stop the information from becoming public .
The emails were included in the mountain of documents the New York Fed turned over last week to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , which will hold a hearing Wednesday into the AIG bailout and the New York Fed ’s role in trying keep the specific terms of that Fed- engineered rescue in November 2008 , from being made public .
More than a year later , the Fed ’s bailout of AIG remains controversial because it funneled nearly $ 70 billion to 16 big U.S. and European banks that had bought credit default swaps from AIG .
Banks like Goldman Sachs Group Inc , Societe Generale and Deutsche Bank had bought those insurance - like derivatives to guard against defaults on hundreds of securities backed by subprime mortgages .
‘ BACKDOOR BAILOUT ’
Lawmakers on Capitol Hill have labeled the AIG bailout , in which the New York Fed created a special entity to purchase those securities from the banks at essentially their face value , a “ backdoor bailout ” for the 16 financial institutions .
The new batch of emails , along with others that have become public in recent weeks , reveal that some at the New York Fed had gone to great lengths to keep the terms of the bailout private and the SEC may have played a role in contributing to some of the secrecy surrounding the AIG rescue package .
“ The New York Fed was orchestrating what can only be characterized as an extreme effort to ensure that details of the counterparty deal stayed secret , ” Rep. Darrell Issa from California , the ranking Republican on the House Oversight Committee , said through a spokesman .
“ More and more it looks as if they would ’ve kept the details of the deal secret indefinitely , it they could have . ”
In March , some of the secrecy surrounding the AIG bailout began to fall away when the insurer , under pressure from Congress and the SEC , agreed to publicly name the 16 banks that got money in the rescue package and how much each received .
But AIG , largely at the prodding of the New York Fed , refused to make public all of the information in the controversial document , officially called “ Schedule A -- List of Derivative Transactions , ” according to the emails turned over by the central bank to Capitol Hill .
AIG continued to seek confidential treatment from the SEC for the redacted portions of the five - page filing .
Last May , the SEC did grant AIG ’s request for confidential treatment for the remaining redacted portions of the Schedule A filing .
The redacted parts include the CUSIP , or trading ID , number for each security on which AIG wrote a CDS contract , as well as the face value of each individual security that AIG had insured against default .
The SEC agreed to let AIG keep that information confidential until November 2018 -- or the 10th anniversary of the bailout .
Critics contend that without the redacted information , it is difficult to determine which of the 16 banks had held the worst - performing securities , and which banks originated the worst of the troubled securities .
GEITHNER UNDER MICROSCOPE
The New York Fed has argued the information needs to remain confidential to enable BlackRock Inc , which manages the portfolio of securities bought from the banks , to compete with hedge funds on an even playing field .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , who has drawn fire for his role in the bailout , was set to testify before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday .
Geithner , who led the New York Fed at the time of the AIG bailout , has said he was not privy to the discussions about what information AIG should or should not release to the public and the SEC .
New York
Fed spokeswoman Deborah Kilroe said on Friday that the more than 250,000 pages of documents provided by the central bank to Congress “ demonstrate that the FBNY ’s actions assisted AIG in ensuring the accuracy of its disclosures and protected important U.S. taxpayer interests . ”
For its part , SEC has said it pushed AIG to make public the list of banks getting bailout money and only signed off on the request for confidential treatment after the insurer released that information .
SEC spokesman John Nestor said : “ The SEC required AIG to make public all of the information in Schedule A that was material to an investor in AIG . ”
But this latest round of emails reveals that it was an official with the SEC in December 2008 who recommended that AIG and the New York Fed could seek confidential treatment for the Schedule A document as an alternative to making the entire document public .
In November , a New York Fed lawyer , in another email , had said he thought it was “ highly unlikely ” the SEC would grant confidential treatment for the document .
AIG and the New York Fed took the SEC ’s advice and filed a heavily redacted version of the Schedule A on January 14 , 2009 , and at the same time requested confidential treatment for the redacted portions .
The emails also discuss that BusinessWeek magazine had submitted a Freedom of Information
Act request for the document and the confidential treatment request was a way of dealing with that and other possible requests by the media for the document .
Apart from their tendency to burst when stabbed with glass whilst inflated to 120psi ( over 8 - atmospheres ) , bicycle inner-tubes are otherwise almost indestructible .
At the same time , they 're very easy to cut and sew and otherwise shape to your favorite design .
Wikkerink Design has taken a stack of old tubes and fashioned them into billfolds and wallets of various shapes , along with belts and credit - card holders .
Combined with felt and fabric sections , these look like they would last you forever , and as the rubber is a natural material they should age gracefully , like leather or Sean Connery .
Worried about that old - rubber smell ?
Do n't be .
I have made a lot of things from old inner-tubes and while they do smell at first , the rubber aroma wears off surprisingly fast .
Wikkerink 's wallets start at $ 21 , and are apparently treated so they feel like velvet .
Wikkerink Wallets [ Wikkerink via Pedal Consumption ]
Republicans are mounting a new effort to call Democrats hypocrites for raising populist ire at banks while continuing to accept millions of dollars in campaign money from them .
House Republicans in particular argue President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE and congressional Democrats are fighting a “ phony war on Wall Street ” with their renewed efforts to rein in big banks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The White House and congressional Democrats ARE Wall Street , ” said a recent statement from House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) that referred to the campaign contributions Democrats received from the financial industry .
The finance , insurance and real estate industries have contributed roughly $ 85 million to federal lawmakers in the 2010 election cycle , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Democrats received 58 percent of that money , and Republicans received 42 percent .
Both Democrats and Republicans are attempting to win over a public outraged at Wall Street , which is witnessing soaring revenue as the broader economy continues to suffer amid 10 percent unemployment .
Democrats dismiss the new Republican attacks as unfounded campaign tactics .
The House passed legislation in December to rein in the industry , and Democrats are targeting Republicans for voting unanimously in opposition .
“ While House Democrats stand up for folks on Main Street , House Republicans fight tirelessly to protect and defend Wall Street at the expense of middle - class families and are busy preaching a return to the failed policies of President Bush , who sank our economy , ” said Ryan Rudominer , press secretary for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) .
“ This is a fight we relish . ”
The DCCC has begun campaigning against Republicans for voting against the financial overhaul bill .
Soon after the House vote , the campaign committee launched radio ads against Republican Reps.
Dan Lungren ( Calif . ) , Mary Bono Mack ( Calif . ) , Lee Terry ( Neb. ) , Charlie Dent ( Pa. ) and Joe Wilson Addison ( Joe ) Graves WilsonDemocrats raise alarm about new US human rights priorities Democrat Teresa Leger Fernandez defeats Valerie Plame in New Mexico primary Trump campaign launches new fundraising program with House Republicans MORE ( S.C. ) .
Obama and congressional Democrats are ramping up their efforts to pass financial legislation and blame the biggest firms for standing in the way of new regulations .
In the last two weeks , the administration has proposed new restrictions on the size and scope of big banks as well as a fee on the largest firms to recoup roughly $ 90 billion in bailout money .
Still , Republicans believe they have found a hole in the Democratic efforts to regulate Wall Street .
And the GOP is attempting to brand Democrats as “ faux populists . ”
A document obtained on Monday from a GOP strategist targets the campaign contributions from the financial industry to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) , House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) and the DCCC .
ADVERTISEMENT
Consumer Watchdog , the consumer advocacy group , released its own report last week targeting the industry for spending big money on campaign contributions and lobbying efforts .
The report found that the 23 members of the Senate Banking Committee received nearly $ 42 million in campaign contributions from the industry between 2005 and 2009 .
Democrats made up seven of the top 10 recipients , the report showed .
Liberal Democratic strategists say the money is simply an effort by the industry to influence the debate .
“ You can take the money and vote the bank position or take the money and not vote the bank position , ” said Bob Borosage of the liberal Campaign for America ’s Future .
“ The first you ’ll be indicted for in the fall elections .
The second one , you ’ll get a pass .
I do n’t get the critique . ”
On K Street , some financial lobbyists are bristling at Democrats for taking campaign money in private while lashing out at the industry in public .
“ I get so tired of eating steaks and drinking expensive wine with the Democratic members of Congress , ” said one financial industry lobbyist .
“ They take our money , assure us that they ’ll work with us behind closed doors and then run to the cameras and pretend they do n’t know us and even loathe us . ”
Opening presidency of EU , Spanish minister launches campaign for restraint orders to be effective across all member states
Spain launched a campaign for a Europe - wide system of restraint orders aimed at curbing violence against women , calling for crime statistics to be reconfigured to highlight gender violence and for EU legislation offering protection to battered women across national borders .
Opening Madrid 's six - month rotating presidency of the EU and seeking to build on its progressive governance agenda , Alfredo Rubalcaba , the interior minister , called for a new approach to the problem , for special police units dealing with battered women , and for special treatment of the issues by European judiciaries .
In Brussels yesterday Spanish officials , supported by officials from 11 of the 27 EU member states , initiated draft legislation on a European protection order which would , if it became law , mean that a woman protected from an abusive and violent male by a police restraint order in any EU country would enjoy the same protection across all member states .
The initiative is supported by countries from Bulgaria to Finland .
The list of backers includes France and Italy , though so far neither Britain nor Germany .
" There is an EU - wide consensus on the need for this protection order , " said María Teresa Fernández de la Vega , the deputy prime minister .
" But it is technically difficult . "
Spanish officials admitted they may fail because of the problems of reconciling different legal and administrative systems across the EU .
" It 's not easy , " said Rubalcaba .
" I 'm not sure we 'll be able to develop a joint restraining order within six months . "
But while officials called for a new system of collating and comparing statistics on violence against women across the EU , Rubalcaba urged much greater police co-ordination on the issue and complained that European police , justice , and home affairs officials never discussed the problem of sexual violence .
He pointed out that he had been attending EU councils of police and justice ministers for more than three years .
" We have never ever specifically discussed gender violence .
We 've never exchanged experiences and views on this . "
He denied all suggestions that this might be because the meetings were dominated by male officials and politicians and also emphasised his disagreement with notions that women might suffer disproportionately from violent male conduct in the southern Mediterranean countries of the EU .
" It 's a human problem we share whether we live in the south or the north , " he said .
" I do n't think being a man reduces your sensitivity to this problem . "
It is unclear what kind of impact the protection order might have .
Officials admitted that extending protection across national borders would affect at best a small minority of victims .
" Even if only one victim is protected , it 's worth it , " said Cristina Gallach , a Spanish EU presidency spokeswoman .
" It 's the minority that deserves protection . "
Different European systems use different methods and instruments to try to deal with the issue , ranging from magistrates to social services to police units , meaning that standardising the practices is more of a technical than a substantive problem , according to the Spanish , who are pushing equality of the sexes as a theme of their EU presidency .
If the campaign to legislate for battered women fails , there are moves afoot aimed at establishing an " observatory " for gathering and monitoring sexual violence across the EU , perhaps building on the work of a European human rights agency based in Vienna .
Officials pointed out that if a woman is murdered by her husband , in most systems the crime will be catalogued under the murder statistics and will not surface in the gender violence ledgers .
You 've heard rumors of human - dolphin love before , and you 've heard scientists arguing that dolphins should be given human rights .
And now , a Florida man has just published an autobiographical novel called Wet Goddess about his love affair with a dolphin .
Advertisement
Portions of journalist and photographer Malcolm J. Brenner 's book have been floating around for years .
Part of it was published in Penthouse back in the 1970s , and other parts have been available online for several years too .
Though Brenner claims many people have had romantic and sexual experiences with dolphins , he 's the sole public face of the human - dolphin love movement .
Brenner describes the book as " an autobiographical , satirical and metaphysical account of protagonist Zachary Zimmerman 's slow slide toward an act of love that will distinguish him from most of the human race . "
He goes on to write :
It is . . . the proverbial autobiographical first novel .
You know the cliché in writing workshops , ‘ Write about what you know . "
This is what I know about dolphins , and most of it is information you wo n't find in any scientific treatise .
It ca n't be quantified or readily explained , just described .
Ruby , Zack 's cetacean paramour , does n't share his human sexual inhibitions .
As the real dolphin in the pool behaves more and more seductively , Zack comes to believe she 's also communicating with him telepathically .
The experience pushes him outside the box of human experience , with unexpected results for both parties . . .
My idea was to see how close I could get in fiction to the reality of my experience , which was fundamentally unbelievable .
I think I succeeded rather well , given the difficulty of explaining what it feels like to encounter an archetypal creature like a dolphin in her own environment , on her own terms .
Advertisement
Apparently Brenner had a psychic connection to " Ruby , " the dolphin he loved when he was a college student in the early 1970s .
At one point , Ruby even attacked his girlfriend , which he took as a sign of jealousy .
Now you can buy the book here , for all your friends who are suicidal because they can't go to Pandora to frolic with the Na'vi .
Or you can read Brenner 's blog and life story , where he talks about how he was raised by parents obsessed with Wilhelm Reich 's theories of the orgone .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
With Avatar 's story of human - alien love raking in cash at the box office , Brenner 's novel might be the bleeding edge of a trend where humans explore interspecies love right here on Earth .
There 's a guy named Erik Estavillo out there .
He 's your garden variety Internet tough guy , getting banned from PlayStation Network and hacking his Wii to play homebrew software .
He 's also made a habit of abusing the civil court system with ridiculous lawsuits .
His latest target : World of Warcraft .
The complaint against Activision Blizzard accuses the company of " sneaky and deceitful practices " for making players level up before they can buy a mount .
The slow pre-mounted movement supposedly extends subscription revenue by making it take longer to do things in the game .
The lawsuit asks for $ 1 million and a court order to make Blizzard change WoW to be more to his liking .
Hilariously , Estavillo has subpoenaed Winona Ryder and Depeche Mode founder Martin Lee Gore to lend credence to his case .
The plaintiff shares an interest in J.D. Salinger 's novel The Catcher in the Rye with Ryder , and claims that she can speak to the feeling of alienation captured by the book and relate it somehow to World of Warcraft .
Gore has " himself has been known to be sad , lonely , and alienated as can be seen in the songs he writes . ”
Estavillo has previously filed suit against Sony over suppressing his First Amendment rights by banning him from PSN , Microsoft for the red ring of death , and Nintendo for a Wii update that broke his homebrew hack .
None of the suits have resulted in a judgement in his favor to date .
Might we suggest Estivillo look into a middle school civics class to explain the purpose of the civil court system and the limitations of the Constitution instead of wasting everyone 's time and money on silly court cases ?
[ via GamePolitics ]
Mir Hossein Mousavi ( L ) pictured with his late nephew Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has said he is not afraid to die for the cause of reform .
It was his first comment since the death of his nephew and other anti-government protesters late last month .
In a statement posted on his website , Mr Mousavi also set out a five - stage solution to the crisis sparked by June 's disputed elections .
He said the government , parliament and judiciary must accept " direct responsibility " for the situation .
" I am not unwilling to become a martyr like those who made that sacrifice after the election for their rightful national and religious demands , " he said in the statement on his Kaleme.org website .
And he rejected the strong criticisms by Iranian hardliners who have accused opposition leaders such as himself of igniting unrest .
" Such harsh remarks ... will create internal uprising ... my blood is not redder than that of other martyrs , " he said .
' Silence is a sin '
He called on the government to create a " transparent law " for trustworthy elections , release political prisoners , recognise press freedoms as well as the right of people to demonstrate .
" I say openly that until there is an acknowledgement of the existence of a serious crisis in the country , there will be no possibility of resolving the problems and issues . "
I am not unwilling to become a martyr like those who made that sacrifice after the election
Mir Hossein Mousavi Iranian opposition leader
Mousavi statement : Excerpts Read your comments here
He went on to say that the arrest or killing of either himself or other opposition leaders would " not calm the situation " .
This is one of Mir Hossein Mousavi 's strongest statements in recent months , says the BBC 's diplomatic correspondent Bridget Kendall .
It is a defiant and very public response to recent threats from Iran 's clerical leaders , some of whom this week demanded the execution of both Mr Mousavi and other opposition figures for stoking dissent against the authorities , our correspondent says .
But at Friday prayers in Teheran , Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati - who is a staunch supporter of President Ahmadinejad - said the protesters were in league with Iran 's enemies , and he attacked officials who failed to denounce them .
" Some individuals who remained silent should know that , irrespective of their post , their silence is a sin ...
It is really treason to the Koran , " he said .
Despite the rhetoric , the fourth candidate in June 's presidential election - former Revolutionary Guards chief Mohsen Rezai - welcomed Mr Mousavi 's comments as a basis for compromise .
He said Mr Mousavi's " retreat from rejection " of President Ahmadinejad 's government , and his call for parliament and the judiciary to hold the government accountable , could be " a new start " .
Pro-government rally Mr Mousavi's nephew , Seyed Ali Mousavi , was one of at least eight people who were killed in a brutal crackdown on anti-government protests on 27 December , on the day of the Shia festival of Ashura .
He was shot in the back as security forces fired on demonstrators in Tehran , his uncle 's website said .
Officials have denied he was shot by the police .
RECENT UNREST IN IRAN 19 Dec : Influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri dies aged 87 21 Dec :
Tens of thousands attend his funeral in Qom ; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces 22 Dec : Further confrontations reported in Qom 23 Dec : More clashes reported in city of Isfahan as memorial is held 24 Dec : Iran reportedly bans further memorial services for Montazeri except in his birthplace and Qom 26 Dec : Clashes reported in central and northern Tehran 27 Dec :
At least eight dead following anti-government protests in Tehran ; 300 reported arrested
The bodies of the protesters were " retained " for forensic tests , state media reported at the time , which prevented the rapid burials that are usual under Islamic tradition .
The Mousavi family said Seyed Ali's body had been taken from the hospital without their permission , and accused the government of removing it to prevent his funeral becoming a rallying point for more protests .
The body was returned later in the week on condition the family held a quiet funeral , which they complied with , opposition websites reported .
Sunday 's violence was the worst since a series of major protests followed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's controversial re-election in June .
Senior opposition figures have been arrested , and the government has blamed troublemakers for the violence .
On Wednesday , tens of thousands of Iranians gathered in cities across the country in support of the government .
They chanted " death to opponents " as they marched at the rallies , which were reportedly organised by the government in response to the opposition protests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The lethality of the roadway stems from the unique mix of geography , the road itself , and the drivers ’ disregard for the laws of physics .
The two - lane highway is barely wide enough for two cars to pass .
On the inside lane , less than a yard outside your window , stands a wall of treeless rock that climbs upward in a nearly perpendicular line .
A foot - high ledge guards the outside lane , behind which lies a valley floor as far as 1,000 feet down .
For the drivers , of course , that means there is virtually no margin for error : they go into the wall , or over the edge , or into each other .
The only note of caution is provided by children , who live in the impoverished villages nearby .
Often as young as 4 or 5 , they stand bedraggled at the bends , using flattened green Sprite bottles as flags , waving the drivers through when the way is clear .
Image A boy directed traffic last month on the Kabul - to - Jalalabad highway .
In some places , children signal drivers using flattened soda bottles .
Credit ... Moises Saman for The New York Times
Under the circumstances , you might imagine that drivers in the Kabul Gorge would proceed slowly , crawling and craning their necks to guard against oncoming traffic whipping round the next curve .
In fact , for most of history , they did .
Over the centuries , countless invading forces passed through or near the gorge on their way to the Khyber Pass .
Among them were a group of 17,000 British troops and civilians , who were massacred as they beat a retreat from Kabul at the end of the first Anglo - Afghan War in 1842 .
Dr. William Brydon , who rode into Jalalabad on a horse , was the only European to survive .
I ’ll tell you what .
You have got to take a firm … FIRM !… stand on the issue of … well … this :
I will make it a priority to ensure transgender individuals will not be allowed to change the sex on their driver ’s license in any circumstance .
That ’s Paul Scott , candidate for Secretary of State in Michigan .
Trying to get the GOP nomination .
It apparently has come to this .
The Lansing State Journal tells us more :
Republican Paul Scott is trying to make gender designation an issue in the race to replace term - limited Secretary of State Terri Lynn Land .
The state representative from Grand Blanc says people who have undergone gender change operations should n’t be able to change their licenses to reflect their new identities [… ]
Scott , a first - term lawmaker , does n’t consider raising the issue a political ploy .
“ My personal belief is you are who your DNA says you are , regardless of what surgical procedures you may have thereafter , ” he says .
In an interview with Michigan Messenger , Scott stated his position more bluntly :
“ It ’s a social values issue .
If you are born a male , you should be known as a male .
Same as with a female , she should be known as a female , ” he said .
When asked to explain how such a mandate from the Secretary of State would benefit Michigan , he said it was about “ preventing people who are males genetically from dressing as a woman and going into female bathrooms . ”
Now there ’s a platform that ’ll get you noticed , right ?
Maybe it ’s a sneaky job - creation ploy where we will have people stationed outside all public restrooms checking the DNA of anyone who wishes to enter !
When you are a GOPosaur trying to get noticed in the din of clanking tea cups , you do what you have to do .
Even if it ’s something stupid , I guess .
The LSJ again :
Some are wondering why it ’s an issue at all .
Gender change requests for driver ’s licenses are rare , and the secretary of state ’s office does n’t track them , says spokeswoman Kelly Chesney .
Well , tell that to your Average Joe the Teabagger , sistah .
Because Paul Scott has got to do something to get their attention .
And that ’s just what he ’s going to do .
Digg this post HERE .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
When the 818 - meter Burj Dubai tower , the world ’s tallest building , opened for occupancy with lots of fanfare on January 4 , it was proclaimed to be a crowning achievement of the emirate of Dubai , with its bold plans to establish itself as a regional trade and services hub .
The $ 4 billion tower included an Armani hotel , an observation deck , homes , offices and more , and was nothing less than “ a symbol of Dubai ’s can - do spirit , ” according to the building ’s owner , state - owned Emaar Properties .
Among Dubai ’s creditors , though , the can - do spirit is wearing a little thin .
Last November , Dubai World , one of the largest government - owned conglomerates , announced it would not meet billions of dollars of debt repayment obligations .
In response , credit ratings agencies such as Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s downgraded the debt of several Dubai government - related entities to junk .
“ Dubai ’s corporate landscape is now effectively a high - yield market , ” Moody ’s wrote in a December note to clients .
In mid-December , Abu Dhabi threw a $ 10 billion lifeline to Dubai — but the latter is still saddled with debts of nearly $ 100 billion , which it must face squarely in the coming year .
Dubai ’s problems are not the only woes among the economies of the Middle East .
Last summer , two vast family - owned conglomerates in Saudi Arabia defaulted on billions of dollars of debt repayments , highlighting lack of transparency and lax lending practices in the region .
And in the past year or so , some $ 500 billion of planned infrastructure projects in the Gulf have been abandoned or temporarily halted as funding has dried up .
Meanwhile , the Middle East ’s real estate market has slumped — most notably in Dubai , where prices halved in the year following their August 2008 highs .
Still , indications have begun to appear that the region ’s fortunes may pick up in the coming year .
Economists note that the Middle East ’s regional policymakers acted decisively to shield their financial institutions from the worst of the financial crisis and to ensure that liquidity remained in the banking system .
This has meant that the effects of the global economic downturn have been less pronounced in the Middle East than elsewhere , and that the region ’s banks are largely in a strong position today .
It helps , too , that oil prices have doubled in the past year or so , from lows of $ 33 a barrel in January 2009 .
Banking on Oil
“ Much will hinge on the pace of the global recovery , ” notes Masood Ahmed , director of the Middle East and Central Asia Department at the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) in Washington , D.C.
The IMF expects global economic growth of 3.1 % in 2010 ; similarly , the London - based Economist Intelligence Unit ( EIU ) expects growth of 3.2 % .
If such growth materializes , oil exporters are likely to benefit as prices and volumes grow .
( Oil prices are likely to grow moderately , reaching an average $ 75 to $ 85 in 2010 , according to many estimates , versus an average level of around $ 61 in the nine months ending September 2009 . )
The EIU expects the Middle East and North African economies , including oil exporters such as Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , Libya and Algeria , and non-oil exporters such as Tunisia , Jordan and Egypt , to grow 4.7 % in the coming year .
The bulk of this growth is set to be among hydrocarbon exporters in the region .
Notable among these is Qatar , where vast new liquefied natural gas production facilities are due to come online this year , expanding production capacity by 60 % .
Libya is also a standout :
The EIU says it is now “ bouncing back after the ravages of the sanctions era ” — a 20 - year period of UN - and U.S. - imposed sanctions following the 1986 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in Scotland .
Iraq is also set to benefit from surging oil exports , following deals with Western oil majors to exploit the country ’s vast oil fields .
Last June , for example , a consortium led by BP , the U.K. - based energy company , won a bid to exploit the Rumaila oil field , making it the world ’s second - largest producing oil field .
A jump in oil revenues during 2010 will also likely pave the way for regional oil exporters to step up efforts to diversify away from oil by investing in manufacturing , financial services and tourism .
While any growth in the Middle East ’s private sector is likely to trail growth in oil in the coming year , many of the Middle East regional oil revenues are recycled into neighboring countries through worker remittances and investment — meaning places like Egypt , Jordan and Lebanon are also likely to benefit from a recovery in the global economic climate .
The region ’s construction and real estate sectors may be among the first to benefit from positive signals in the wider economy during the coming year .
At the end of 2008 , for example , an estimated $ 2 trillion of projects were underway among member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council ( or GCC , comprising Kuwait , Bahrain , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the UAE ) .
Of the one - quarter that have been put on hold or cancelled , projects totaling $ 350 billion are in the UAE alone .
As the economic climate improves and credit conditions ease , some of these projects , especially in Qatar and Abu Dhabi , may be revived .
According to Garbis Iradian , senior economist at the Washington , D.C. - based Institute for International Finance , the real estate market is already stabilizing in much of the Middle East region .
Still , in Dubai , any sustained recovery in construction and the real estate sector is likely to have been delayed by the recent Dubai World debacle .
“ One of the after - effects of Dubai World is that it will be more difficult for banks to lend money , ” notes Jarmo Kotilaine , chief economist of Riyadh - based NCB Capital ( NCBC ) .
For many Middle Eastern economies , the outlook is set to be buoyed by ongoing public spending programs , some of them initiated during the financial crisis .
Saudi Arabia , for instance , has a $ 400 billion fiscal stimulus package to be implemented through 2013 .
“ Governments will need to continue with expansionary fiscal policies to offset weak private sector demand , ” says Iradian .
Even if the global economic recovery falters , many governments of oil exporting nations have sufficient reserves to sustain public spending in the coming year .
After all , the Middle East and North Africa region has around two - thirds of the world ’s proven oil reserves , and almost half of global gas reserves .
Addressing the Challenges
Despite the positive indications for Middle Eastern economies in the coming year , the region ’s policy makers face a raft of challenges in 2010 and beyond .
Among other things , less well - off states , such as Jordan , will have to hold back on public spending growth in order to keep fiscal deficits in check .
And some states — such as the UAE — that drafted policies to protect the financial sector from the downturn , will have to consider lifting these measures again while trying to avoid volatility in local economic conditions .
What ’s more , countries such as these will be addressing such challenges at exactly the time that the recovery of world economic conditions remains , at best , fragile .
Regional policy makers also face further difficult decisions , including reforms that are likely to be deep and painful .
For example , in the Gulf , regional leaders must push through labor market reform to improve economic competitiveness , increase productivity and meet the employment needs of the region ’s young population .
In recent years , growth in cheap , imported labor has been behind much economic expansion in the Middle East .
As a result , bosses tend not to invest in training or technology to step up productivity .
Between 2000 and 2007 , for instance , labor productivity in the GCC grew by an average 1.0 % a year , versus 10.5 % in China , 4.9 % in India , 1.4 % in the U.S. and 1.5 % in Europe , according to the Conference Board , a non-profit research organization .
And as immigrants fill private sector jobs , unemployment has soared .
In the Middle East , unemployment among 15 - to 24 - year - olds is nearly 25 % , compared to the world average of 14 % , estimates the Middle East Youth Initiative .
According to Ahmed of the IMF , the process of cleaning up local banks ’ balance sheets “ needs to be accompanied by enhancements to the regulatory , supervisory and resolution frameworks , where needed . ”
Until recently , the need for regulation , transparency and sound corporate governance had appeared less pressing against a backdrop of abundant cash and strong economic growth .
Then , in August , multi-billion - dollar debt defaults by Ahmad Hamad Algosaibi & Brothers and Saad Group — two large Saudi conglomerates — highlighted the need for greater transparency in the region .
The recent Dubai World debacle has exposed the opacity of decision - making at the highest levels of government .
Already , some regional states have started addressing regulatory shortcomings .
In the course of 2010 , for example , Qatar plans to drop the top tax rate on foreign companies from 35 % to 10 % .
Also this year , the UAE will oblige firms to comply with a corporate governance code , which until now has been voluntary .
Bahrain is planning to institute a monthly tax on foreign laborers , which will help level the playing field for Bahraini workers .
According to analysts , many of these measures will set the agenda for reform in other states across the Middle East region .
Still , there are uncertainties .
Consider , for example , the GCC monetary union .
The single currency project , initially planned for 2010 but now delayed , is still in its infancy .
While the four states participating at the outset — Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Bahrain — have met some necessary convergence criteria , some of the key institutions are still not on board , agreement on technical details has not been reached , and coordination of economics data from around the region has made little progress .
Nevertheless , some key milestones are expected to be reached :
For example , the newly formed monetary council will hold its first meeting early this year .
“ That is important , ” says Kotilaine of NCBC .
“ [ The council ] is the institutional driver of the process . ”
Dubai ’s Lingering Question Mark
Another unknown — one of the biggest , perhaps — is the fate of Dubai .
In 2010 , less than $ 10 billion of its debt comes up for repayment .
But questions remain over Dubai ’s mid- and long - term finances , and to what extent neighboring Abu Dhabi will remain supportive .
Behind the scenes , it is possible that the rulers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai will reach an understanding .
Rather than handing over assets in return for Abu Dhabi ’s support , Dubai may agree to a range of concessions to its wealthier neighbor , some observers predict .
It ’s possible , for example , that Dubai may agree to much - needed consolidation among the two emirates ’ leading banks — placing the UAE ’s financial sector in a stronger position to compete in the wider Middle East region .
What is clear is that Abu Dhabi is no longer willing to provide blank checks to Dubai ’s struggling entities , as Dubai - based Moody ’s analyst Philipp Lotter points out .
“ The question of viability [ is ] crucial to the decision - making process , ” he notes .
Kotilaine adds that although Dubai ’s value proposition remains unchanged , the emirate will have to sharpen up to regain its footing in 2010 .
“ It might mean the whole [ Dubai ] venture becoming a little less flashy , ” he says .
Remember the Google Nexus One 's " sorely needed " 3G reception fix ?
Remember how Google promised a quick fix ?
Yes ?
Well , Happy Valentine 's Day !
A solution has tentatively arrived in the form of a leaked firmware upgrade .
Advertisement
But do n't get * too* excited just yet , dear readers .
While the firmware update does appear to address the Nexus One radio issue that plagued some users since they picked up their shiny new Google kit , it does n't appear to be what will finally be pushed out to the mainstream .
Advertisement
As Engadget correctly notes , there are a number of telltale signs that this fix should arrive soon , but it 's not quite ready just yet .
Notably , the ROM includes Google Maps 3.4 , not the most up - to - date 4.0 version that Google released for Buzz .
It 's half - baked , in other words , but at least it proves Google is nearly ready to attend to its customers ' reception woes .
Probably .
The folks at XDA apparently have this build available for download , should you be the DIY tinkering type .
[ XDA Forums via Engadget ]
Please Read This First !
The out - of - print albums that I post here are available for free !
For many years , I used Megaupload to store my shares , but with their recent demise , I have switched to using MediaFire instead .
If one of the shares is unavailable , please leave a comment requesting it and I 'll re-upload it as soon as I can .
If you have any problems , feel free to email me and I 'll do my best to help !
George Osborne last night identified the first public spending cuts he would make within weeks if the Tories win the general election , under plans to reduce the UK 's record fiscal deficit faster than Labour .
Warning of the importance of starting the " heavy lifting " early on , the shadow chancellor pledged in a lecture to cut child trust funds and tax credits for wealthier families in the spring .
Osborne would be due to hold an emergency budget within 50 days of the election .
But the shadow chancellor believes Britain 's £ 178bn deficit imposes such a burden on the public finances that he would not wait for the budget to implement the first round of cuts , which he would expect to make within weeks of a Tory victory .
He said the biggest spending cuts , such as a pay freeze for five million public sector workers earning more than £ 18,000 , would not be made until 2011 , but he identified programmes that would be cut from this year if the Tories were to win .
" Programmes that represent poor value for money , excessive spending on things like advertising and consultants , spending on tax credits for people earning over £ 50,000 , and spending on child trust funds for better - off families will all have to be cut during the financial year , " Osborne said at the London School of Economics .
Labour plans to raise spending by £ 31bn in the 2010 - 11 financial year , which begins in April , a month before the expected election .
Osborne believes this 2 % increase in real terms is not credible with such a large fiscal deficit and such a slow recovery .
" Everyone knows the government 's spending plans for next year are driven by a looming election and not economic reality , " he said .
" So , with the date of the general election increasingly likely to be after the beginning of the next financial year , that means we will need to make early in - year reductions in existing plans . "
The chief secretary to the Treasury Liam Byrne said : " What is clear is that in his rush to cut spending in 2010 , George Osborne would put the recovery in grave danger .
But until he says how he 'll do it , and whether he 'll match Labour 's pledge to halve the deficit in four years , his speeches must be taken with a huge pinch of salt . "
" Tonight was another missed opportunity to come clean on how he 'll pay for the £ 34bn of unfunded [ Tory ] tax and spending policies which he let the shadow cabinet run up while he was too busy running the Tory election campaign to keep them under control . "
Byrne said Osborne appeared to hint he would shift from Labour 's plan to halve the deficit by using two - thirds spending cuts and one - third taxes .
Instead Osborne would adopt an 80:20 ratio , in favour of more cuts .
The Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : " It 's foolish to set a political timetable with no regard for the state of the economy .
There 's a big risk that if cuts begin suddenly and on a purely political basis the economy will be plunged back into recession .
" What is needed is a set of clear economic tests , which include the growth of the economy and employment , as well as conditions in international markets , to judge when contraction of spending should begin or be accelerated . "
I 'm Bob .
This is a blog about food , for the most part .
I also have a blog about house plants and bonsai that I update sporadically called I Grow Stuff
( Reuters and Raw Story ) – CIA officials briefed at least 68 U.S. lawmakers between 2001 and 2007 on enhanced interrogation methods like simulated drowning that were being considered or used against captured al Qaeda members , according to declassified documents released by the agency on Tuesday .
The once - secret CIA papers , obtained in a lawsuit by the conservative legal foundation Judicial Watch , shed new light on which lawmakers knew the details of the controversial interrogation program and when .
ADVERTISEMENT
Human rights groups have argued the harsh interrogation methods were forms of torture and violated U.S. obligations under the Geneva Conventions on treatment of war prisoners .
President Barack Obama banned the techniques shortly after taking office in January 2009 .
The declassified memos show the program began after the capture of al Qaeda lieutenant Abu Zubaydah , a Saudi - born Palestinian who was the group ’s operations director , in the city of Faisalabad in central Pakistan in March 2002 .
In a statement to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence dated April 12 , 2007 , then - CIA director Michael Hayden said the agency decided new “ techniques ” were needed because “ Abu Zubaydah was withholding information that could help us track down al Qaeda leaders and prevent attacks . ”
The CIA briefed lawmakers as it began seeking expanded authority for the interrogation program .
Current House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi , then minority whip , attended a briefing on Abu Zubaydah ’s interrogation April 24 , 2002 , along with seven other members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , the documents show .
The CIA did not begin using the interrogation techniques until after receiving legal guidance from the Department of Justice in August 2002 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi , who became House Democratic leader in late 2002 , said at a news conference in April last year that she was never told at the time that simulated drowning — or waterboarding — and other harsh interrogation techniques were being used .
She said she was only told the CIA had legal opinions that approved harsh interrogation methods .
CIA ’s credibility on briefings in question
But according to a letter released in May 2009 , the CIA cannot vouch for the complete accuracy of details in a memo outlining who was briefed on the CIA ’s “ harsh interrogation ” program , raising questions of the CIA ’s credibility regarding the overall briefings .
Republicans have latched onto reports that Democrats were also briefed on President Bush ’s controversial interrogation techniques , but Democrats say they were n’t told the full truth during the briefings .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the May 2009 letter from CIA chief Leon Panetta to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Silvestre Reyes and ranking House Intelligence Republican Pete Hoekstra , Panetta said the information about the briefings is taken from the “ best recollections ” of those who were there .
But he said , “ In the end , you and the [ House Intelligence ]
Committee will have to determine whether this information is an accurate summary of what actually happened .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ That would appear to be a concession that the CIA is n’t willing to vouch for the accuracy of the info about the briefings in the docs , and that only further inquiry will produce a reliable recounting of what happened , ” liberal blogger Greg Sargent wrote at the time , who noticed the quote in the letter accompanying the CIA ’s report .
“ To be clear , it ’s perfectly possible that the info about what Dems were told is right , ” he added .
“ But not even the CIA is willing to promise this right now .
So it ’s unclear how much stock to place in the documents at this point . ”
Hayden , in his 2007 statement for the Senate Select Committee , said as the CIA began implementing the interrogation program in 2002 “ the majority and minority leaders of the Senate , the speaker , and the minority leader of the House , and the chairs and ranking members of the intelligence committees were fully briefed on the interrogation procedures . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Information chain
Documents obtained by Judicial Watch indicate 68 lawmakers were briefed on the interrogation program between 2001 and 2007 .
After the interrogation program began , Abu Zubaydah become “ one of our most important sources of intelligence on al Qaeda , ” helping U.S. authorities identify alleged al Qaeda operative Jose Padilla and others , according to Hayden ’s statement , marked “ TOP SECRET . ”
Early in his detention , Abu Zubaydah identified Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the mastermind of the September 11 attacks , Hayden ’s statement says .
Until that time , it says , Mohammed “ did not even appear in our chart of key al Qaeda members and associates . ”
According to the statement , Sheikh Mohammed also provided information about another al Qaeda operative , Majid Khan , who , in turn , identified another operative named “ Zubair ” who was captured in June 2003 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Zubair later provided information that led to the arrest of Jamaah Islamiya leader and al Qaeda ’s South Asia representative Hambali , Hayden said .
The memos show that lawmakers were told as far back as July 13 , 2004 , that Mohammed had been subjected to waterboarding 183 times .
CIA Inspector General John Helgerson , briefing Reps. Porter Goss and Jane Harman , said “ three people had been interrogated with the waterboard , ” a CIA memo on the meeting states .
“ On one , the IG felt that it had been used excessively , beyond what the IG thought was the agreement with DOJ ( Department of Justice ) .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed got 183 applications ( redacted ) , ” it says .
Most state budgets have been walloped by the financial crisis .
But , as we noted in November , 10 are really bad , like California bad .
Now , the real pain is coming .
Decrying budget shortfalls is an abstract exercise , but service cuts , increased taxes , and layoffs are all very real , and when they happen , GDP falls .
Paul Krugman once referred to states that slash their budgets as Little Herbert Hoovers .
It 's a bleak picture .
Based on historical precedent , state budgets are likely to get worse , bottoming long after the national economy , with costs rising faster than revenue .
Methodology notes :
The top ten ranking is taken from a November 2009 Pew Center on the States study .
The ranking looks at budget gaps , foreclosure rates , lost state revenues , unemployment , money - management practices , and where " super- majority " requirements are killing efforts to fix the financial mess .
Scores for each category are tallied for an overall ranking .
We bring you the top 10 , counting down from bad to worst .
The higher score , the bigger the crisis .
California gets a 30 , while the national average is 17 .
The deficit numbers are taken from a December 2009 Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ' State Fiscal Project study .
Information on recent and looming deficit fixes are from media reports and a seperate CBPP report .
What To Offer On A Home In A Sellers Market
If you are in the market to buy a home and you are not buying one of the most expensive homes in your area , then you are likely going to be buying a ...
When the French novelist Camille Laurens lost her son in childbirth in 1995 , she responded with a moving account of her trauma , Philippe , which touched a nerve with her public .
A few years later the infinitely more successful Marie Darrieussecq published a novel , Tom Est Mort , the story of a woman whose baby dies after a terrible birth agony .
Laurens , in a fury , accused Darrieussecq of " psychological plagiarism " .
Ever since , these two writers have been at each other 's throats , trading elevated Gallic insults , to the scandalised fascination of Paris .
In the latest twist , Darrieussecq has published not just another novel but a scholarly treatise about literary theft in general and Laurens in particular .
Darrieussecq , who is also a psychoanalyst , claims that her rival was trying symbolically to " assassinate " her with accusations of plagiarism and that , unconsciously , she was exhibiting " a crazed desire to be plagiarised " , a savage dig at the senior woman 's faltering career .
All very thrillingly French , you might think , but you would be wrong .
In the bitter history of plagiarism , there is an equally vicious exchange from the records of Elizabethan literary London that leaves Laurens and Darrieussecq very much in the slow lane .
In 1593 Robert Greene , a prominent playwright and braggart , the author of Orlando Furioso and Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay , was dying in penury at the age of 32 .
But before his inevitable rendezvous with the churchyard near Bedlam , in Bromley , Kent , he dashed off a pamphlet , A Groat 's - worth of Wit Bought With A Million of Repentance , in which he settled some old scores .
Having accused Christopher Marlowe of atheism , Greene then turned his attention to the literary jack - of - all - trades whose outrageous success really stuck in his throat .
This " rude groom " was not merely too full of himself ( " in his conceit , the only Shake - scene in the country " ) , he was a provincial arriviste and inveterate plagiarist , " an upstart crow , beautified with our feathers " .
This denunciation of young William Shakespeare was a deranged polemic by a dying man , but actually it was not so far from the mark .
If all writers are pickpockets , then Shakespeare was an inveterate " snapper - up of unconsidered trifles " , like Autolycus in The Winter 's Tale .
He swiped the best bits of Antony and Cleopatra ( notably " The barge she sat in , like a burnished throne / Burned on the water … " ) direct from Plutarch , and took 4,144 out of 6,033 lines in Parts I , II and III of Henry VI verbatim or in paraphrase from other authors .
Apart from A Midsummer Night 's Dream and Twelfth Night , the plots for all his plays were ruthlessly appropriated from other , often classical , sources .
There is evidence that Shakespeare was wounded by Greene 's attack , but his heirs blithely followed his example .
Milton cribbed from Masenius .
Later , Laurence Sterne cribbed from Robert Burton , Samuel Coleridge from Schelling , and TS Eliot from all and sundry ( in The Waste Land ) .
JRR Tolkien borrowed heavily from the Norse sagas .
Four hundred years later , the Darrieussecq - ­Laurens row is a stark reminder that plagiarism is one of literature 's seven deadly sins , possibly its deadliest .
But why the fuss ?
Plagiarism is a puzzling vice .
No writer , if he or she were honest about it , would ever deny that , when they come across a good thing in someone else 's work , consciously or unconsciously they store it up for a rainy day .
" Literature , " the American journalist James Atlas likes to say , " is theft . "
He 's right .
The history of books and writing supports this provocative assertion to the hilt .
Virgil was once spotted scanning a volume of Quintus Ennius .
Challenged on this , the great poet replied that he was merely " plucking pearls from Ennius 's dunghill " , a magnificent retort echoed in Eliot 's " immature poets imitate ; mature poets steal " .
No one today remembers poor old Ennius , and I 've just lifted this anecdote from Anne Fadiman 's essay on plagiarism , " Nothing New Under the Sun " .
Fadiman , in turn , probably inspired the novelist Jonathan Lethem to write " The Ecstasy of Influence " , a magazine article on " cryptomnesia " in which , wittily , virtually every line was stolen , warped or cobbled together from other ( acknowledged ) sources .
Contemporary writers are advised to be on the lookout for plagiarism .
In Britain , the roll - call of those scorched by its toxic flame in recent years includes JK Rowling , Andrew Motion , Ian Mc­Ewan , Graham Swift , PD James – and the scriptwriters of The Archers , who were accused , improbably , of pinching a plot point from Günter Grass ; a description of a character 's escape from Nazi pursuers in the second world war , by hiding under a peasant woman 's skirts as she laboured in the fields , was a direct lift from The Tin Drum .
A BBC spokesman said it was not " plagiarism " but rather an homage , a traditional defence when under attack .
When someone has a hit in the world of books , less fortunate authors often cry foul .
When Yann Martel won the Booker prize with Life of Pi , his success unleashed the worm of prize - envy .
But the accusations of plagiarism did not stick ; he had already acknowledged that the plot of his novel was inspired by ­Brazilian writer Moacyr Scliar .
Amid the cornucopia of Hogwarts , Rowling has been dogged for years by the children 's writer Ursula Le Guin 's pointed regret that the author of the Harry Potter books was not " more gracious about her predecessors " .
Le Guin said : " She has many virtues , but originality is n't one of them . "
Possibly more damaging has been the revelation that the 1986 horror film Troll contains a character named Harry Potter .
In these murky waters , perhaps there 's a distinction to be drawn between plots and phrasing .
It has often been observed that there is an extremely limited number of basic plots available to the novelist or playwright .
Some say 10 , some seven , others as few as five .
In this constricted imaginative environment , the likelihood of unconscious repetition is going to be extremely high .
What 's not in doubt is that , even when a writer believes themself to be writing with originality , he or she is often simply exploring an archetypal story .
Jungians make much of this .
So perhaps in ­judging the sin of plagiarism , there 's a distinction to be drawn between copying individual sentences or phrases ( obviously wrong ) and reinterpreting age - old stories ( more understandable ) .
The Walt Disney Company might not agree .
It has somehow contrived to develop a catalogue of animated fairy tales ( Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , Cinderella , Sleeping Beauty and Robin Hood ) whose exploitation its corporate lobbyists watch over like Fort Knox ( forbidding artist Dennis Oppenheim , for instance , from using Disney characters in his sculpture ) .
In contemporary fiction , however , there are plenty of examples that would give Disney 's lawyers heart failure .
Jane Smiley 's A Thousand Acres , for instance , is a reworking of King Lear .
Michael Dibdin 's thriller Così Fan Tutti relies heavily on Mozart .
In the cinema , Peter Benchley 's bestseller Jaws essentially modernises the plot of that great Anglo - Saxon narrative poem , Beowulf .
Those narratives , of course , are all out of copyright .
It 's in the evolving world of international copyright that the real interest of plagiarism resides .
The constant redefinition of " intellectual property rights " is at the cutting edge of 21st - century copyright law .
No amount of new technology can disguise the fundamental clarity implicit in the act of scratching words on paper , or tapping them on to a screen .
Words belong to the person who wrote them .
There are , says Malcolm Gladwell in " Something Borrowed " , few simpler ethical propositions than this .
Any fool can see when plagiarism is afoot .
As the role of the writer became increasingly professionalised during the 20th century , more and more legal and institutional resources were directed towards the defence of intellectual property rights .
There was now even a name for it , borrowed from those swashbuckling Elizabethans : piracy .
It has , however , become more complex with the IT revolution .
Suddenly , the mass consumption and reproduction of original " content " turned this carefully constructed legal playground upside down .
Free - thinking American professors such as James Boyle ( The Public Domain ) and Lawrence Lessig ( Free Culture ) have begun to develop radical new theories about what is , and is not , permissible in the Wild West of the " creative commons " .
Happily , there was a supreme authority from the American past to whom they could turn .
Lessig quotes Thomas Jefferson in support of his argument : " He who receives an idea from me , " wrote Jefferson , " receives instruction himself without lessening mine ; as he who lights his taper at mine , receives light without darkening me . "
Jefferson could never have foreseen the age of the app .
The speed at which the transmission of ideas takes place is a game - changer .
There are more ways than ever before to be vigilant about plagiarism , just as there are more ways than ever before to appropriate new material .
Here the lawyers and the writers are now singing from the same sheet .
Bestselling writer David Shields has just published Reality Hunger , a passionate , ultra-hip manifesto on behalf of what he calls " appropriation art " in contemporary music , design and literature .
Shields has several thrusts against copyright law which , he says , has protected " the creative property of artists " , but obstructed " the natural evolution of human creativity " .
He writes approvingly of the music business , in which " you steal somebody else 's beat , then – with just turntables and your mouth – you mix and scratch the shit up to the level your own head is at " .
Stripped of its excitable rhetoric , Reality Hunger is really a cool restatement of " anything goes " , literature 's oldest , and most golden , rule .
Whatever medium you choose , it 's still as difficult as ever to be truly original .
Copy book
Andrew Motion
Ian McEwan was accused of copying phrases in his 2001 novel Atonement , from a memoir published in 1977 by another writer , Lucilla Andrews , a former wartime nurse .
Graham Swift faced accusations in 1997 of " directly imitating " William Faulkner 's 1930 novel As I lay Dying with his Booker prize novel Last Orders .
He responded that his book was an " echo " of the American writer 's work .
PD James was forced in 1995 to fend off charges by critics who saw similarities between her book Original Sin and another thriller set in a publishing house .
She admitted that she had read the other book , End of Chapter by former poet laureate Cecil Day - Lewis , but said she had no conscious debt to it .
Doris Kearns Goodwin , a Pulitzer prize historian admitted " accidentally " using unattributed passages from different works in her book The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys .
Now that the Asterisk® and Google Voice marriage is finally underway , we wanted to step back today and revise the original methodology a bit to take advantage of some of the terrific comments which were offered in response to our last article .
First , the good news .
U.S. calls through Google Voice using Asterisk work !
They sound great , and they 're free .
The not so good news was that the MeetMe conferencing trick to join your outbound call with the Google Voice click - to - dial return call from your destination worked great so long as a real person answered the phone .
But , if an answering machine picked up or no one answered the call at all , there were problems because these calls already had been transferred to the MeetMe conference and there was no simple way to disconnect them .
And the need for two DIDs to support a single Google Voice interface just seemed a bit wasteful .
9/1/2010 Update : A good bit has changed with Google Voice since this article was first published .
For the definitive guide and installation procedure , we highly recommend The Incredible PBX and accompanying article which can be found at this link .
Google Voice ( and much more ) already is included in our new PBX which is literally Plug - and - Play .
If you prefer to roll your own , be sure to also have a look at this excellent update on the Michigan Telephone Blog .
Today we want to try to eliminate these two quirks while stiill providing a seamless interface between Google Voice and Asterisk .
We also appreciate that thousands of you already have implemented the previous approach .
So we want your transition to the new way of doing things to be as painless as possible .
On the other hand , for frequent readers , we hope you 'll bear with us as we repeat some of what already has been covered in previous articles so new visitors do n't have to jump around between articles to get the complete picture of what we 're trying to accomplish .
The objective remains the same .
We want a methodology that lets us make outbound calls from any Asterisk phone using the Google Voice service to take advantage of free calling in the United States and Canada .
And we want calls to our Google Voice number delivered to our Asterisk system for transparent call processing .
Yes , SIP is still on our wish list for both outbound and inbound calls with Google Voice , but we 'll make do with PSTN calls particularly while Google is footing the bill for all of the calls .
Update :
There 's now a turnkey Asterisk solution that implements Google Voice calling without getting your hands dirty .
Check out our new Orgasmatron V .
Tweaked Design .
Here 's the new design .
You obviously still need a free Google Voice account .
If you do n't have one , you can request an invite here .
At last report , it 's only taking a few days from application to invite which is really great news .
Do n't use a space in your Google Voice password !
Once you have a Google Voice account and phone number ( Google has reserved a million of them so ... not to worry ! ) , then you 'll need a DID that provides unlimited , free incoming calls .
Once you get your DID set up on your Asterisk system , we 'll set up a forwarding phone number for this DID in your Google Voice account so that Google Voice calls can be connected to your Asterisk server .
For outbound calls , we 'll combine a little dialplan voodoo with pygooglevoice to instruct Asterisk to place a click - to - dial call using your Google Voice forwarding number .
Then we 'll stuff in the destination U.S. phone number .
When you dial GV - 678- 1234567 from any of your Asterisk phones , Asterisk will park your initial call in a reserved parking lot slot and then join the called party to the originally parked call .
The entire procedure is virtually transparent both to the caller and the callee .
And , unlike the MeetMe conference , the parking lot fades out of the picture as soon as the call is connected .
Thus , if either party hangs up , the active channel for the call is terminated on your Asterisk server .
For inbound calls from your Google Voice number , we 'll tweak the dialplan so that it can distinguish between a RingBack call that Google Voice initiated and a true inbound call .
We 'll peel off the real inbound calls and route them to a separate Inbound Route in FreePBX for processing in any way you desire .
Finally , for those that implemented the methodology in our previous article , we 'll walk you through the steps to revise your existing setup to take advantage of these new tweaks .
You can skip over the initial installation process if you already have gone through the Google Voice setup from our earlier article .
Just skip down to Tweaking Previous Setups .
Special
Thanks .
At the outset , we again want to express our sincere appreciation to Jacob Feisley and Paul Marks for their pioneering work on a Python interface to Google Voice .
We also stumbled upon another Python development project , Google Voice for Python .
While we originally had planned to rely upon Jacob and Paul 's script , we ultimately decided to implement pygooglevoice because of the additional flexibility it provided for down the road .
With pygooglevoice , you not only can make Google Voice calls , but you also can send SMS messages with no muss or fuss .
Jacob Feisley has now joined that project as well .
So , our special tip of the hat goes to the entire Google Voice for Python development team .
It 's a terrific product as you will see .
Prerequisites .
Today 's setup requires a CentOS - based Asterisk aggregation with a current version of FreePBX .
Be aware that today 's solution requires Python 2.4 or higher and reportedly will not work with Python 2.3 found in some Linux distributions .
We 've tested everything with PBX in a Flash and , on that platform , you 're good to go .
The install script should work equally well with the other CentOS - based Asterisk aggregations , but we have n't tested them .
Be our guest , and let us know if you encounter any problems .
Finally , a word of caution .
We do n't ordinarily distribute solutions using development tools we do n't use .
Our knowledge of Python would n't fill a thimble .
We 've made an exception today because of the extraordinary interest in Google Voice by the Asterisk community .
But , if something comes unglued , we can't fix it .
So have a backup plan in place just in case . 🙂
Today 's Drill .
To get everything working today , there are six steps : ( 1 ) obtaining and configuring a DID to manage calls between Google Voice and Asterisk , ( 2 ) configuring a Google Voice forwarding number for this DID to manage your outbound and inbound calls , ( 3 ) configuring FreePBX to route all outbound calls with a GV prefix to your special Google Voice dialplan context , ( 4 ) configuring an inbound route to manage incoming calls from your Google Voice number , ( 5 ) setting up a series of Parked Call extensions , one of which will be used to manage your outbound Google Voice calls , and ( 6 ) running our install script which adds the dialplan code for Google Voice calling with your credentials and puts the Python application into place on your server .
It sounds more complicated than it is .
So hang on to your hat .
Here we go !
Dedicated DID .
Before you can use Google Voice with Asterisk , you 'll need a DID that can be dedicated to your Google Voice interface to Asterisk .
We 'd recommend a free IPkall or SIPgate DID .
To get started , use one of the links above to obtain and configure the DID .
Temporarily point the DID to an extension on your Asterisk system that can be used to verify your requests for the number .
Since all of these calls are free , the area code of the DID really does n't matter because you 're never going to publish the fact that it exists .
The easiest method for setting up the DID is to first create a SIP URI for the DID on your Asterisk system .
Next route the SIP URI to an Inbound Route in FreePBX where you can manage the destination for calls to that DID .
Initially , you want the destination to be an extension on your Asterisk system that you can answer to verify both the DID setup and the GV setup below .
Finally , point the DID you obtained to the SIP URI defined above .
HINT : The entry in extensions_override_freepbx.conf would look something like this for a SIP URI called ipkall - 1 : exten => ipkall - 1,1 , Goto ( from - trunk , ${DID} ,1 ) Then you would create an inbound route named ipkall - 1 using FreePBX and designate some existing extension on your server as the destination for these inbound calls .
When you set up the SIP forwarding for the DID at ipkall.com , you 'd specify the SIP URI as :
ipkall-1@ipaddress_of_your-Asterisk_server
We 've previously covered in detail how to do this so read the article if you need a refresher course .
To reiterate , the area code of this DID really does n't matter because you 're never going to give out the number .
So use one of the free sources and save yourself some money .
The real trick is you want to use a DID with unlimited , free inbound calls .
Both IPkall and SIPgate provide that functionality at no cost .
Google Voice Setup .
Log into your Google Voice account and click Settings , Phones , Add Another Phone .
Add the area code and phone number of your DID .
Be sure the DID is pointed to an extension on your PBX that you can answer since you have to go through Google 's confirmation drill to successfully register the number .
After the DID is confirmed , be sure there 's a check mark beside this Google Voice destination so that incoming calls to your GV number will be routed to your Asterisk server .
While you 're still in the Google Voice Setup , click on the General tab .
Uncheck Enable Call Screening .
Turn Call Presentation Off .
And set CallerID to Display Caller 's Number .
Be aware that IPkall DIDs only forward your IPkall number as the CallerID number while SIPgate DIDs reportedly forward the actual number of the person calling you .
If this matters to you , then you may prefer the SIPgate DID option .
Finally , uncheck Do Not Disturb .
Now click the Save Changes button .
Integrating Google Voice into Asterisk with FreePBX .
Open FreePBX with a web browser and choose Setup , Trunks , Add Custom Trunk .
Insert your GV number in the Outbound CallerID field and add the following Custom Dial String on the form and Submit Changes and reload the dialplan :
local / $OUTNUM$@custom-gv
Next , choose Setup , Outbound Routes , Add Route and fill in the following entries on the form :
Route Name : GoogleVoice
Dial Pattern : 48 |NXXNXXXXXX
Trunk Seq : local / $OUTNUM$@custom-gv
Inbound Routes .
Next , we need two Inbound Routes to get everything working .
In setting up your DID with IPkall or SIPgate , you already should have created one inbound route for that provider .
It already should be routing calls to an extension on your PBX .
Now we need to create a Custom Destination for this inbound route and then reroute these calls there .
In that way , your RingBack calls will be routed to some special dialplan code that drops these calls into a custom parking lot where the RingBack call is married up to the extension from which you placed the original call .
Then we need to create another inbound route to manage normal incoming calls that are forwarded to your PBX whenever someone dials your Google Voice number .
To begin , choose Tools , Custom Destinations , Add Custom Destination and add an entry like this and then click the Submit Changes button :
Custom Destination : custom - park , s ,
1
Description : Custom GV - Park
Next choose Setup , Inbound Route and click on the inbound route you created previously for IPkall or SIPgate .
Change the destination for these calls to Custom Destination : Custom GV - Park .
Now click on Add Incoming Route and create a new route for your incoming Google Voice calls .
Give it any description you like but , for the DID number , it must be gv-incoming .
You can leave most of the other defaults .
Just be sure you set a destination for your incoming calls from Google Voice .
It could be an extension , ring group , IVR , or whatever best meets your needs .
The important entry here is gv-incoming for the DID number .
Click the Submit button to save your entries .
Ignore the warning that you 've entered an oddball DID .
We know what we 're doing . 🙂
Setting Up the Parking Lot .
While still in FreePBX , we need to create or adjust your existing settings in Setup , Parking Lot .
The parking lot is used by FreePBX to simulate old key telephones where you could place a call on hold and then someone else in the office could pick up the call by clicking on the blinking key on their phone .
The Asterisk equivalent is to press the flash hook and dial your Parking Lot Extension which then places the call in a Parking Lot space and tells you what the space number is .
Someone else then can dial the number of that space to pick up the call .
Our little trick today works like this .
When you place an outbound call through Google Voice , your extension will be dumped into a reserved parking lot space .
When Google Voice initiates the RingBack call before connecting the destination number you 've dialed , that call will be sent to the same reserved parking lot space .
The two calls then are joined , and you 'll hear the parking lot number followed by ring tones as your call is connected by GV to its final destination .
Our special thanks to Richard Bateman for his comment on the previous article and this terrific tip !
He wins an Atomic Flash installer from Nerd Vittles .
In addition , A. Godong wins an Atomic Flash installer for his tip on consolidating two DIDs into a single DID to manage both inbound and outbound GV calls .
Just send us your addresses .
Now , where were we ?
Most FreePBX systems have a default setup for the Parking Lot .
What we need to do is be sure you have reserved one more space in the parking lot than you actually need for day to day operation of your PBX .
We 'll use the last parking lot space number to manage outbound calling through Google Voice .
Our entries look like the following :
Enable Parking Lot Feature : checked
Parking Lot Extension : 70
Number of Slots : 5
Parking Timeout : 30 seconds
Parking Lot Context : parkedcalls Destination for Orphaned Calls : Terminate Call : Hangup
If you use our setup above , the Magic Number is 75 which is the fifth slot in the Parking Lot .
If you use a different Parking Lot extension or number of slots , here 's how to calculate the Magic Number .
Start counting the slots beginning with one more than the Parking Lot Extension .
When you get to the last slot in the number of slots you 've specified , that 's your Parking Lot Magic Number .
Write it down .
You 'll need it in a second when you run our GV installation script .
Save your entries and reload the Asterisk dialplan when prompted .
Integrating pygooglevoice .
Now we 're ready to complete the setup by running our revised script which loads pygooglevoice and sets up your dialplan in extensions_custom .conf .
You 'll need 5 pieces of information to run the script so write them down before you begin :
1. Your 10 - digit Google Voice phone number
2. Your Google Voice email address
3. Your Google Voice password ( no spaces ! )
4. Your 11 - digit RingBack DID ( 16781234567 )
5. Your Parking Lot Magic Number
A word of caution :
If you used a gMail address to set up your Google Voice account , it 's possible to have different gMail and Google Voice passwords .
For this to work , you 'll need to enter your gMail password , not your Google Voice password ( assuming they 're different ) .
Now log into your Asterisk server as root and issue the following commands :
cd /root
wget http://bestof.nerdvittles.com/applications/gv/install-gv-new
chmod +x install - gv-new
./install-gv-new
Google Voice Speed Dials .
For frequently called numbers , you can add speed dials by inserting entries in the [ from - internal - custom ] context of extensions_custom .conf that look like the example below where 333 is the speed dial number and 6781234567 is the area code and number to call .
Be sure to reload your Asterisk dialplan to activate them .
exten => 333,1 , Dial( local/6781234567@custom-gv,300 )
Congratulations !
You now have what we hope will be flawless and free U.S. calling on your Asterisk system using Google Voice .
No gimmicks , no strings , no cost .
Enjoy !
Finally , one additional word of caution .
Both Google Voice and this call design are set up for a single call at a time .
There are no safeguards to prevent multiple calls , but that may violate the Google Voice terms of service .
Asterisk 1.6 Solution .
Several readers now have documented the procedure for implementing the Asterisk 1.6 bridge technology to make outbound Google Voice calls .
You can read all about it here .
Tweaking Previous Setups .
If you installed pygooglevoice using our previous tutorial , here 's what you need to do .
First , log into your Asterisk server as root and issue the following commands :
cd /etc/asterisk
nano -w extensions_custom.conf
Scroll to the bottom of the file by pressing Ctrl - W then Ctrl - V . Move up the file using up arrow until you reach [ custom - gv ] .
Press Ctrl - K repeatedly to delete all of the lines in the [ custom - gv ] context .
If you get to another line that starts with a label in brackets like [ this ] , STOP deleting .
Once you 've deleted all of the lines in the [ custom - gv ] context , save the file : Ctrl - X , Y , and press Enter .
Now continue reading this article by jumping up to the Google Voice Setup topic .
The Custom Trunk entry and the GoogleVoice outbound route will already be in your FreePBX system so there 's no need to repeat those two steps .
You will need to perform the remaining FreePBX steps beginning at the Inbound Routes topic and continuing on with Setting Up the Parking Lot .
Finally , when you run the new installation script , it will detect that pygooglevoice is already on your system and will skip that step but will install the new custom contexts in extensions_custom .
conf using your new settings .
Enjoy !
Thought for the Day .
Which is more arbitrary : ( 1 ) Apple snubs Google Voice or ( 2 ) Google Voice snubs SIP ?
Pays to look in the mirror occasionally .
Best Read of the Week . Memo to Steve Jobs and Apple : Stop Being A Jerk !
whos.amung.us
If you 're wondering what your fellow man is reading on Nerd Vittles these days , wonder no more .
Visit our new whos.
amung .us statistical web site and check out what 's happening .
It 's a terrific resource both for us and for you .
Special Thanks to Our Generous Sponsors
FULL DISCLOSURE : ClearlyIP , Skyetel , Vitelity , DigitalOcean , Vultr , Digium , 3CX , Sangoma , TelecomsXchange and VitalPBX have provided financial support to Nerd Vittles and our open source projects through advertising , referral revenue , and / or merchandise .
As an Amazon Associate , we also earn from qualifying purchases .
We ’ve chosen these providers not the other way around .
Our decisions are based upon their corporate reputation and the quality of their offerings and pricing .
Our recommendations regarding technology are reached without regard to financial compensation except in situations in which comparable products at comparable pricing are available from multiple sources .
In this limited case , we support our sponsors because our sponsors support us .
BOGO Bonaza : Enjoy state - of - the - art VoIP service with a $ 10 credit and half - price SIP service on up to $ 500 of Skyetel trunking with free number porting when you fund your Skyetel account .
No limits on number of simultaneous calls plus quadruple data center redundancy assures that you 'll never have a failed call .
Tutorial and sign up details are here .
The lynchpins of Incredible PBX 2020 are the new ClearlyIP components which bring management of FreePBX modules and SIP phone integration to a level never before available with any other Asterisk distribution .
And now you can configure and reconfigure your new Incredible PBX phones from the convenience of the Incredible PBX GUI .
VitalPBX is perhaps the fastest - growing PBX offering based upon Asterisk with an installed presence in more than 100 countries worldwide .
VitalPBX has generously provided a customized White Label version of Incredible PBX tailored for use with all Incredible PBX and VitalPBX custom applications .
Follow this link for a free test drive !
Special Thanks to Vitelity .
Vitelity is now Voyant Communications and has halted new registrations for the time being .
Our special thanks to Vitelity for their unwavering financial support over many years and to the many Nerd Vittles readers who continue to enjoy the benefits of their service offerings .
We will keep everyone posted on further developments .
Some Recent Nerd Vittles Articles of Interest ...
Throughout Gumby 's long run , Gumby toys have been a staple of toy stores everywhere .
Despite Gumby 's positive demeanour , his origins stem from tragedy .
When Clokey was nine , his father was killed in a car crash .
He lived with his mother for a while , but when her second husband made her choose between him and her son , Clokey was sent to an orphanage .
Fortunately , he was adopted by a good family .
But Clokey would n't forget his father , whose head shape - characterised by a cowlick hairdo - would later provide the inspiration for Gumby 's trademark lopsided head .
After studying film at the University of Southern California , Clokey taught at a private military school , where he tutored the son of Sam Engel , a 20th Century Fox producer .
After Engel invited Clokey to the studio , Clokey told Engel about a three - minute film he had made called Gumbasia , featuring abstract clay objects changing shapes to jazz music .
" He said , ' Art , we 've got to go into business , " ' Clokey told The Tribune of San Luis Obispo in 2002 .
" I went back and experimented with clay to make a character , and I took into account the density of clay and figured out how the character would be shaped so it would be easy to animate and easy to duplicate . "
While Gumby 's head was modeled after Clokey 's late father , his walk was modeled after his infant daughter .
By the late ' 50s , Gumby was off the air , but the Lutheran Church paid Clokey to develop another kid's show - Davey and Goliath - to promote morality themes .
Clokey and his wife used proceeds from that to fund more Gumby episodes , which would air again in the 60s .
By that time , Gumby toys were already ubiquitous .
But Clokey had mixed feelings about commercialisation .
" I did n't allow merchandising for seven years after it was on the air , " Clokey told the Tribune , " because I was very idealistic , and I did n't want parents to think we were trying to exploit their children . "
MCT
Support for repealing the military ’s ban on gays serving openly has weakened significantly over the past six years , a new poll indicates .
A bare majority — 51 percent — of active duty troops surveyed oppose allowing gay men and women to serve in the armed forces , according to a survey carried out for the Military Times .
In 2004 , a similar survey found that nearly two - thirds , or 65 percent , opposed repealing the military ’s “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy .
The Clinton - era rule has seen more than 11,000 soldiers dismissed from duty over the past 17 years when their sexual orientation became known to their superior officers .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the survey also found a large amount of concern among troops over “ how to effectively implement new policies for sharing close quarters and living facilities with openly gay members , ” the Military Times reports .
The survey ’s results come a week after the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm .
Mike Mullen , became the highest - ranking US soldier to throw his weight behind the repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
His support for a new policy that would allow gays to serve was quickly echoed by Colin Powell , himself a former Joint Chiefs chairman , who served as secretary of state under President George W. Bush .
Amanda Terkel at ThinkProgress notes that a majority of Americans now support ending the anti-gay policy .
She also points to a survey showing that troops are getting more comfortable with the idea of serving alongside gay people .
But even as military opposition to gays softens , political opposition to a repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” appears to be hardening .
Last week , Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) became perhaps the highest - profile congressional moderate Republican to come out against the repeal .
ADVERTISEMENT
After a seemingly angry McCain accused Adm .
Mullen of ignoring the will of Congress in his call for a “ Do n’t Ask ” repeal , the Arizona senator was criticized by many commentators who pointed out he had previously agreed to follow the guidance of the military leadership on the matter .
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow accused McCain of listening to military leaders only until they disagreed with him .
Yet some progressive lawmakers are pushing ahead , despite the opposition .
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - NY ) has announced she plans to add an amendment to a defense spending bill that would bar the military from using its allotted money to enforce “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gillibrand called the policy “ a hole in the integrity of the United States military . ”
A Chevrolet Camaro is sliced in half by a telegraph pole in Cincinatti , US .
Fortunately , the driver escaped with just a scratch on his hand , and even more fortunately the passenger seat was empty as the pole tore straight through that side
Credit : CHRIS MURPHY
Rescue teams racing against the clock in Haiti 's ruined capital have found already nightmare conditions compounded by widespread insecurity that forces them to stop work at nightfall .
The World Food Program said its warehouses in Port - au - Prince had been looted and that it would have to restock in order to feed survivors .
Sporadic gunfire is echoing across the capital , as survivors of Tuesdays massive earthquake endure a third night on the streets with little food , water or medical supplies .
Anger and despair is mounting in Port - au - Prince , with rotting bodies littering the streets and little sign of desperately needed international aid for the three million people affected by the disaster .
Much of the aid remains at the Haitian capital 's airport and some relief workers and officials say they are too scared to leave the security of the airport until day breaks .
Many on the ground say security is desperately needed , as most of the most members of the city 's police force are busy searching for their own relatives .
" Our biggest problem is insecurity .
Yesterday they tried to hijack some of our trucks .
Today we were barely able to work in some places because of that , " Delfin Antonio Rodriguez , Civil Defence chief and rescue commander for the Dominican Republic , said .
" There 's looting and people with guns out there , because this country is very poor and people are desperate . "
Deepening the volatility in the city , Haiti's main prison was partly destroyed , allowing thousands of prisoners to escape .
Lieutenant General PK Keen , who heads the US relief operation in Haiti , on Friday said he was " cognisant of the increasing concerns about security . "
" Up to this point , we have not seen a great deal of insecurity , but clearly that is a concern , and we will work with the government and the national police to deal with it as best we can , " he told CNN from the Port - au - Prince airport
Troops on the way
As part of its aid effort , the United States is sending in more than 5,000 troops .
North America correspondent Lisa Millar is embedded aboard the US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , which is ready to sail for Haiti from the Guantanamo Bay naval base .
One of the questions over the USS Carl Vinson 's deployment is that what is probably more needed is the comfort hospital ship that still sits off the coast of Baltimore in the north east United States .
It will apparently not arrive off Haiti for another week .
There has been some suggestion the US been slow to act , but the military and logistical challenges are extraordinary .
Some of the injured are already being brought to Guantanamo Bay , with up to 24 people being airlifted there and treated in the past 24 hours .
US State Department spokesman PJ Crowley says eight search - and - rescue teams with a total of 260 people are on the ground in Port - au - Prince and 30 countries have pledged or already sent help .
China , France , Iceland , the US and Venezuela are among those with teams in situ .
" Not only is the United States 's commitment to Haiti growing , but also the international commitment as well , " Mr Crowley said .
The US had also taken over air traffic control at the swamped airport which was now operating around the clock , he said .
However , flights were delayed as staff struggled to unload supplies .
Haitians were also angered they had had no word from their leaders .
' Nothing is coming '
One group trying to free a man trapped in the rubble of the tax office looked up wearily at the planes flying overhead .
" We hear on the radio that rescue teams are coming from the outside , but nothing is coming .
We only have our fingers to look for survivors , " said Jean - Baptiste Lafontin Wilfried .
Despite the launch of the massive aid operation , there is no sign of heavy - lifting equipment among the rubble even as tons of material and badly needed supplies flooded the airport .
The rapidly decomposing bodies are also posing a major problem .
Port - au - Prince resident Jacky Dodard says corpse disposal has been random and chaotic .
" What is happening is that there is no help in the streets .
Personally , I have n't seen any help , " she said .
" So everybody is trying to drop their dead bodies somewhere .
They do n't know what to do with the dead bodies . "
Haitian officials have warned the overall death toll may top 100,000 as a result of the powerful quake that ripped across the poorest nation in the Americas .
The International Red Cross said the quake , the largest in the Caribbean island nation in more than 150 years , has killed between 40,000 and 50,000 people .
" If international aid does n't come , the situation will deteriorate quickly .
We need water and food urgently , " said Haitian survivor Lucille , still dazed by the scenes of devastation and carnage .
' More doctors , fewer journalists '
Witnesses say there has already been some looting in the city .
" More doctors , fewer journalists , " one man yelled angrily , shaking his fists at a foreign media crew .
Haitian native and hip hop star Wyclef Jean has described conditions as " the apocalypse " and said Haiti needed to raise $ 1 million a day to survive .
" We spent the day picking up dead bodies .
All day that 's what we did .
There 's so much bodies in the streets that the morgues are filled up , the cemeteries are filled up , " he told Fox News .
Doctors were struggling to treat the vast numbers of sick and injured , with medical charity Medecins Sans Frontiers speaking of patients with " severe traumas , head wounds , crushed limbs " and burns .
The United Nations says 36 of its staffers had been killed in the worst disaster in the global body 's history .
Another 188 were still missing .
US President Barack Obama sought to lift up a despairing people , who face acute shortages of food , water and shelter , offering $ US100 million in immediate assistance .
" To the people of Haiti , we say clearly and with conviction , you will not be forsaken .
You will not be forgotten , " he said .
Mr Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , along with Brazil and Canada and other concerned nations , are planning to hold an international conference on Haiti 's reconstruction , the French president 's office said .
" People throughout the world want to help , " said UN chief Ban Ki-moon .
" One of our biggest challenges will be to help them to help Haiti to the utmost , " he said .
- ABC/AFP
People are kind of losing their minds about Sony announcing plans to cancel Spider - Man 4 and going with a straight up reboot instead .
But as much as I love the first two Spider - Man movies , I ’m not really bothered by it .
I mean , it kind of sucks that Raimi wo n’t have a chance to redeem himself after Spider - Man 4 .
But watching a 37 year - old Tobey Maguire run around as Peter Parker seems kind of disingenuous to me .
Maguire still has his baby face , so maybe he could pull it off .
But that little factoid would be gnawing at the back of my brain .
I certainly wo n’t miss Kristen Dunst as Mary Jane – one of the worst casting decisions I ’ve ever seen .
The less said about her , the better .
What I find kind of annoying is Sony ’s emphasis on “ rebooting ” the franchise .
The first film came out in 2001 .
It does n’t really NEED a reboot .
It ’s not like any of us forgot Spider - Man ’s origin story , or anything .
It just seems like a waste of film to go through ALL of that exposition of the origin story again .
Frankly , I wish they would just recast the part and go about telling NEW Spider - Man stories .
I hope they just go full - bore into the story like Superman Returns did and not bother telling us about Peter Parker , his Uncle Ben , power and responsibility all over again .
Similarly , I hope they cast an unknown to play Spider - Man like they did with Brandon Routh and Superman .
I do n’t think the Spider - Man needs a “ name ” actor like it did in 2001 to help get the franchise off the ground .
Experiment a little bit .
Just do n’t cast Zak Efron or else I ’ll have to torch my collection of Spider - Man comics and never look back .
What do you guys think about Sony ’s decision to reboot Spider - Man ?
Leave your comments below !
Europe 's Lehman Brothers Brussels Intervenes to Slow Greece 's Plunge
Europe is losing its patience with Greece and has ordered a strict fiscal austerity program for the euro zone member .
Monetary Affairs Commissioner Almunia is also demanding frequent reporting from Athens .
But the response is n't enough -- Greece is in deep trouble and the threat to the euro is too great not to act .
Noah Pollak sees things roughly the way I do but puts more flesh on the bones ( and keeps his own position somewhat veiled ) :
It ’s clear at this point that the Obama administration has reconciled itself to a nuclear Iran and even , I think , convinced itself that this wo n’t be such a bad thing .
After all , China opened up to the West after it went nuclear .
We dealt with the Russians after they went nuclear .
The Indians and Pakistanis have n’t nuked each other , despite Kashmir and all the terrorism .
Neither has Israel used nukes , for that matter .
In fact , Iran going nuclear might help remove the chip on the shoulder of the Islamic Revolutionaries by making them feel as important as they hope to be because as we all know from our Iran experts , there ’s an important psychological dimension to all of this ; one must understand the legacy of colonialism and imperialism .
The nuclear program will really be a socialization program , in other words .
It is how Iran will be broken to the saddle of the international system .
So , if you ’ve reconciled yourself to all of that , the next step is ensuring the smooth transition of the Middle East into a region with two , not one , nuclear powers .
This is where the Israelis , and Israeli power , become a huge problem .
Such a problem , I think , that the real challenge for Obama over the next year is n’t going to be dealing with the Iranians , it ’s going to be deterring the Israelis .
The hops shortage of 2007 is over , buried in a glut of unsold hops .
Do n't expect craft beer prices to follow -- the $ 5 pint and $ 9 six - pack are likely facts of life -- but hops prices are now so low that some Oregon and Washington growers left hops unharvested this fall .
" The only time I 've heard of hops left hanging was back when powdery mildew hit so hard that some yards were n't worth picking , " says John Annen of Annen Brothers Farms and chairman of the
.
" But never industrywide -- these are perfectly good hops unpicked because there 's no warehouse space and no spot market for uncontracted hops . "
Two years ago , failed European crops , declining acreage worldwide , a Yakima warehouse fire and other factors conspired to send spot prices for beer 's most distinctive ingredient soaring from $ 2 and $ 3 a pound to more than $ 30 in some cases .
Washington , Oregon and Idaho growers reacted by putting nearly 10,000 new acres into production since then , and the 2008 crop was the biggest in years .
This fall 's harvest looks to be even better , though figures and spot prices are not available .
Gayle Goschie of Goschie Farms near Silverton sells much of the crop from her 370 acres through contracts to brewers large and small and added 80 acres this year to fill contracts with craft brewers .
But like many other growers and brokers , she has some unsold , uncontracted hops this year and says the market is in such turmoil that she has n't even been offered a price for them .
" It 's a complete reversal from a couple of years ago , " says Ralph Olson of
in Yakima , a major hop broker and supplier .
" There were always hops available , even at the worst of the crisis , and not just at $ 30 a pound , either .
But everybody panicked and bought all they could . "
He still gets questions from growers about more hop vines .
" I tell them they were too late two years ago .
...
Now , some of that land is going to have to be pulled out of production . "
Call it another lesson in the volatility of agricultural crops -- except that hops are more than just another crop hereabouts .
To hear an Oregon brewer talk about hops is to understand that .
" We love hops especially , because they 're our spice , " says
brewmaster John Harris .
" Malt is the base , our stock , but hops are what makes a beer come alive . "
Humulus lupulus
is a fast - growing , cone - bearing vine that grows best near the 45th parallel -- north of the equator -- that runs through Oregon .
The Northwest grows about a quarter of the world 's hops , which is a cousin of cannabis and is useful for almost nothing except to flavor and preserve beer , for which it is perfectly suited .
Without the bitterness and aroma of hops , beer would be a sweet barley gruel where microbes thrived , and you would n't want that -- especially here in Oregon , a world leader in craft brewing
Before craft brewing , hops were a brokered commodity grown for their alpha acid content -- their ability to add bitterness .
Thanks to craft brewers , they 're almost a boutique crop these days ; growers plant aroma varieties as well as high - alpha hops , and brewers prize different varieties for their unique aroma and flavor profiles .
And craft brewers have forged close relationships with Oregon 's two dozen or so growers , ties that will grow stronger as mega - brewers buy fewer Oregon hops in favor of derivatives made from super - high alpha varieties grown in Yakima .
Besides , craft brewers use hops lavishly -- bitterness is measured in bittering units , and a craft beer such as BridgePort IPA is about 50 bittering units ; a mass - market lager such as Budweiser measures 10 bittering units or less .
Hops by the numbers
Value of Oregon 's 2008 crop :
$ 38 million , or about the same as the state 's 85,000 tons of apples .
Oregon 's No.1 single crop in 2008 was alfalfa hay , with 1,680,000 tons worth $ 357.8 million .
Oregon 's several varieties of grass seed had a total value of $ 444.24 million .
Source : Oregon Department of Agriculture
Finding a fresh - hop beer :
Fresh - hop beers are the most fleeting of styles , and the season is almost over , but ask at your favorite pubs in case they 're still pouring .
Also , you can likely still find bottles of Deschutes Hop Trip or BridgePort Hop Harvest in better beer sections .
-- John Foyston
Oregonians celebrate great hops in any number of ways , from a weekend campout / brewdown of homebrewers in September called
to community hop - picking sessions at brewpubs such as the
and Astoria's
in which people bring in their backyard hops to be made into fresh - hop beers .
People float fresh - hop cones in their pints and have been known to dive into hillocks of hops , nevermind that they 'll itch for the rest of the day .
More than two dozen Oregon brewers celebrate with once - a - year fresh - hop beers .
And most made annual pilgrimages to local growers to pick up the hops and take advantage of the Northwest 's unique situation , where dozens of breweries are mere hours from some of the best hops in the world .
and a dozen employees spent a September day at Goschie Farms picking hops for their fresh - hop beer ;
and
sent expeditions to mid-valley hop growers to bring back just - picked hops for their Hop Trip and Hop Harvest beers ; and Full Sail 's Harris gathered a busload of brewery customers , beer writers and industry types to gather hops for his annual batch of Lupulin Ale .
Lupulin is a fresh - hop ale , as are Hop Trip , Hop Harvest , Vernon the Rabbit Slayer , Killer Green and all the rest , meaning the hops are all or mostly " wet " hops fresh from hopyards .
Beers brewed the rest of the year -- or by brewers in the rest of the world -- use processed hops dried from 80 percent moisture to less than 10 percent and then baled , frozen , pelletized or distilled into oil .
Even if we did n't invent the style , more fresh - hop beers are brewed in the Northwest than anywhere else , and those beers starred at fresh - hop beer festivals , including three around the state earlier this month , sponsored by the
and
.
But let 's get to the important part :
Wo n't cheaper hops equal cheaper beer ?
Do n't bet on it .
Pubs and breweries face all sorts of increased costs , from stainless steel brewing vessels to employee health care , freight and fuel costs , and hops are perhaps the smallest part .
Plus , most brewers contracted for their hops for years ahead during the shortage , and those contract prices will be higher than 2009 spot - market prices .
But growers and brewers are generally upbeat about living through this .
Christian Ettinger , whose
on Southeast Powell Boulevard opened in the middle of four crises -- fuel , hops , stainless steel and the economy -- said his business is stronger and smarter .
" It 's forcing us to be much better at inventory control , forecasting and developing strong relationships with growers .
We 're better brewers and businessmen because of it . "
--
Wikihack is a free community web site for the game NetHack that anyone can edit .
This wiki is one big spoiler , so turn back now if you want to figure things out for yourself .
This wiki was founded on 11 October 2005 .
We have 2,034 articles .
Many people right now are making a scare story out of the U.S. government 's future deficit projections .
Many of these same people are also blaming our government 's horrific projected deficits on the current administration .
Problem is , as shown in the chart below ( via The Economist ) , America 's deficit problems are mostly the result of American wars abroad and the Bush era tax cuts -- things the current administration did n't implement .
At the same time the current administration is being pressed not to raise taxes and not to be weak militarily .
Some of the most hated spending topics such as TARP , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and economic stimulus , are actually a tiny contributor in comparison to war and Bush tax cuts .
Especially over the long - haul out to 2019 as shown below .
You do n't have to agree with everything the current administration does , but democracy is n't an effective form of government when voters are blind to the real cause behind the effects they criticize :
The Economist : " This is something Barack Obama has been at pains to point out , as Republicans have attacked him as a profligate spender and runner of deficits .
Most of today 's borrowing , he has said , is attributable to factors beyond his control .
He is essentially pointing people to charts like the one at right .
That 's a damning chart .
It implicates a lot of people , including some of the same Congressional Democrats who are now joining Republicans in assailing the president for budgeted deficits , but who voted for the Bush tax cuts and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Politically , this is a pretty important chart . "
Carpinteria is a lovely little city on the Pacific just south of Santa Barbara , boasting such features as a city - owned coastal preserve and one of the four remaining seal rookeries in Southern California .
Just about the last place you ’d expect to become the target of a hostile corporate takeover .
The corporation is Venoco Inc. , an independent oil company with revenue of more than half a billion dollars a year , which currently owns an oil storage facility in Carpinteria .
One would get weary painting big oil companies as soulless monsters , if Venoco did n’t make it so easy .
This Denver - based firm is spending lavishly to pass a ballot initiative specifically exempting itself from the city ’s industrial development and environmental rules .
That ’s because it ’s afraid that Carpinteria ’s elected officials , left to their own devices , might not greenlight its proposal to operate a 10 - story oil derrick round the clock on its property next to a 225 - home residential neighborhood and on the edge of the ecologically sensitive coastal bluffs .
If the Carpinteria Oil and Gas Development Initiative passes in June , however , city officials will have no say in the matter .
City requirements that all industrial developments go through public planning and land - use review ?
Venoco will be exempt .
Regulations aimed at reducing the effects of industrial spotlights , noise , traffic , and vibration on local residents ?
They wo n’t apply to Venoco ’s 24 - hour - a - day drilling .
What if the project threatens to drive down real estate values ?
Tough .
Venoco wo n’t have to take that into consideration .
Rules prohibiting noise , vibration or other industrial byproducts that could bother the seals during their mating and birthing rituals or drive them off the beach ?
The initiative exempts “ the exploration , development , production , gathering and transmission of oil and natural gas from onshore and offshore oil fields from an existing oil and natural gas facility using extended reach drilling , ” i.e. , Venoco .
What if Venoco decides down the line to change or increase its activities on the parcel ?
As long as it can show that failing to make the change would “ substantially frustrate ” its oil and gas drilling program , the city has to agree -- and those changes wo n’t be subject to voter approval .
So here we are on the cusp of a new California trend : businesses that do n’t care to bother with legitimate government regulatory procedures scampering directly to the voters .
All it takes is money .
Venoco has reported spending more than $ 155,000 on the initiative up to the end of 2009 , but a company spokesman told me last week that more money has been spent since then .
And the election is still three months away .
That may not sound like a lot for a California election , but keep in mind this is a municipal ballot in a city where candidates for office typically spend somewhere in the mid four figures .
Donna Jordan , a former Carpinteria mayor who chairs the initiative opposition campaign , says her last two runs for office cost her $ 3,500 each .
“ We ’re a poor , grass - roots group , ” she told me .
“ We wo n’t be able to raise anything like Venoco . ”
Carpinteria has already spent more than $ 300,000 fighting the initiative in court .
A state court judge ruled that most of the initiative appeared valid , but the city has appealed , arguing that by mandating not only general planning principles but a specific development plan , the initiative goes beyond the legal limits of ballot measures -- not only crosses the line , the city says , but “ obliterates the line entirely . ”
( The City Council also voted last week to formally oppose the measure . )
Venoco says the project might produce $ 200 million in royalties to be distributed to the city and Santa Barbara County over a couple of decades , but it ’s conceivable that the real sum could be zero .
It depends on whether or how much oil is recovered , and how any resulting royalties are divided up .
The city says that any money it gets may have to be spent mitigating the effects of the drilling , anyway .
Venoco , which was founded in 1992 by a former Unocal executive named Timothy Marquez , claims to be one of the largest oil and gas development companies in California .
It operates several offshore rigs in the Santa Barbara Channel .
Since he and his family owned more than 61 % of its stock at the time of its 2009 proxy statement , it ’s fair to say that Timothy Marquez is Venoco .
Marquez did n’t reply directly to several messages I left him .
I was thinking of asking him to join in a forum with two other CEOs whose companies are spending millions of dollars to pass self - interested California ballot measures , George Joseph of Mercury Insurance and Peter Darbee of Pacific Gas & Electric Co .
The tentative title : “ Let
Your Money Do the Talking . ”
Venoco filed its application with the city to install the oil derrick next to its storage tanks in 2005 .
The idea was to drill under the ocean from onshore , rather than set up a rig in the water .
Under the existing municipal code , such a project would be illegal .
For the next four years the city and the company negotiated .
The city held extensive hearings and launched an environmental review .
Early last year , after the review identified 11 “ significant and unavoidable impacts ” from the proposal , Venoco abruptly withdrew its application , halting the environmental review , and hired a firm to send paid signature gatherers into the city .
The initiative was duly certified for the June ballot as Measure J .
As City Atty .
Peter Brown observes , Measure J is a step backward from the proposal Venoco had brought before the city .
It lacks the health and safety protections normally required under municipal law , and it wo n’t be subject to an environmental review .
“ When voters go to the polls they ’ll have no official report telling them what the impacts are , ” he told me .
Although the project would still be subject to state Coastal Commission approval , the initiative would take the city out of that process -- in effect , only Venoco could dicker with the commission over the project .
Will Carpinteria ’s 6,000 or so voters be taken in ?
No one suggests that Venoco ’s proposal does n’t deserve formal scrutiny , especially amid concern about our appetite for imported oil .
But the city was doing exactly that , and no one , including Venoco , suggested that the process was rigged until Venoco itself moved to rig the game by writing its own rules and trying to buy them a place in the municipal code .
Carpinteria has traditionally been sensitive about its natural setting and the fragility of its environment , so perhaps Venoco ’s money wo n’t count for much .
On the other hand , this new sign that government in California is for sale to the highest bidder reminds me of a line from Lily Tomlin : “ No matter how cynical you become , it ’s never enough to keep up . ”
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Sundays and Wednesdays .
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read past columns at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
UPDATE : YouTube has confirmed the removal was a mistake .
For more information and a comment from Rick Astley 's manager please see our follow up story .
The Interwebs came together in a collective gasp on Wednesday as it was discovered that YouTube removed the original " Rickroll " video that has clocked up 30 million views to date .
For those not familiar with the term " Rickroll " or " Rickrolling " , it 's a famous Internet meme involving the music video for the 1987 Rick Astley song " Never Gonna Give You Up " .
The phenomenon began at Internet image board 4 chan and soon spread more widely .
Internet users typically send the URL of the video to another user and the practice results in the person being " Rickrolled " .
The original video can usually be found here , but currently it displays " This video has been removed due to terms of use violation . "
Google and YouTube spokespeople were not immediately available for comment .
Thanks to GeekAdos for the news tip
10 Ways To Get Your D&D Fix Over The Holidays
The Holidays are here .
Time to kick back and relax with family and friends .
Perhaps you ’re blessed with a few days off work or a slower paced environment for a few short weeks .
As a D&D player your mind will invariably drift to your favourite hobby and how you can get a few more hours of game time in .
My normal gaming group is on holiday hiatus and we wo n’t reconvene until the new year when we begins a new campaign .
It ’s actually more of a ressurected 3.5e campaign that ’s been given a face lift and fresh legs with 4e , but I digress .
Over the next few weeks I know I ’m going to want to play D&D .
It will start as a small desire .
I ’ll realize that I have n’t played in over a week and I ’ll start to reminisce about the last session .
This feeling will grow and eventually panic will settle in .
I ’ll search feverishly for my dice , looking to get even a small D&D fix .
I ’ll start telling my wife about my favourite PC hoping to engage her in a meaningful D&D conversation .
But she will rebuff me .
With a look that says “ loser ” she will give a self - appreciating smile and tell me that ’s nice and that she does n’t really care about Ethan the Rogue and his daring exploits .
My infant son is no better .
He will look at the dice and taste them .
Taunting me .
He will torment me with his apparent willingness to indulge in my rants , only to walk away and play with his newest Christmas gift .
When I ’m not looking he will grab my dice and scatter them to the four corners of the house !
In a final act of humiliation he will stuff his mouth with my dice , thinking them some new form of candy !
These are my fears .
As I look forward with dread to the absence of D&D over the holidays .
The horror of the sleepless nights is already upon me , already a gnawing at my gut .
I can feel the paranoia of deprivation seeping into my bones .
In an effort to stave off the hallucinations , anxiety attacks and shakes that arrive with extended absences of D&D I have prepared these 10 tips on how to get your D&D fix over the holidays .
Print this guide out , keep it with you at all times lest you succumb to the horror that not playing D&D will bring !
Find as many of your favourite D&D books as you have washrooms in your house .
Put one book in each , that way you always have something of substance to read during your daily constitutional .
If your wife disapproves , make a Thievery or Stealth check and hide the book !
Read Keith Baker ’s new book Son of Khyber .
Keith did not put me up to writing this , but Ameron is reading the book and he says that so far it ’s pretty good .
Expect a full review in 2010 .
Play with the Character Builder .
There is something about generating new characters , I can spend hours doing it .
Dreaming up builds , backgrounds and then repeating it again .
For some real fun have the CB auto - build you a 10th level character and then see how many awful choices it makes for you in feat , power and weapon selection .
Then correct these errors to make a truly tough PC .
Read the archives at Dungeon ’s Master .
This should probably be point number 1 , but maybe it will have greater impact if I slip it in lower on the list .
We ’ve written over 250 articles this past year , take some time to explore .
Visit your friendly local gaming store and get involved with a pick up game .
Not sure if one is being run ?
Organize it yourself , you lazy sod !
Dust off all those old copies of Dungeon and Dragon magazines .
Put a stack with the books you selected in point # 1 .
Go dice shopping .
It ’s a new year , and you should buy new dice !
New dice are shiny , make sure to test them though .
You may even want to road test them .
Play Dragon Age : Origins .
A fresh spin on the fantasy genre and a game that will engage you , making you forget all about D&D .
You will be slave to a new master .
Develop a new idea for a long term campaign .
Start making your notes , drawing your maps , developing your NPCs , plot lines and encounter combinations .
You know this activity could consume your life , not just the few weeks of the holidays .
Recruit a new player .
Your nephew , neice , cousin , uncle , aunt , mother - in - law or grandmother .
Heck , anyone will do !
You know they ’re closet D&D players .
They only need to be tempted by the lure of rolling dice to determine the fate of fictional characters that only exist in their mind .
Soon they will start calling you to play D&D , organizing campaigns and coming over all the time .
Wait , on second thought , maybe this is n’t a good idea .
Or at least do n’t tell your spouse that it was your idea .
Keep this list close to you at all times .
May it ward the evil that the absence of D&D can bring into your life .
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
( Editors note : Wimwick ’s wife is a former D&D player .
She understands the joy the game can bring .
That being said she could n’t care less about Ethan the Rogue or his exploits .
She does humour Wimwick by pretending to care .
Wimwick ’s son would eat the dice .
That ’s what 16 month old children do , monsters ! )
Pin 1 Shares
Yesterday ’s attack that killed three US soldiers who were traveling in a convoy in northwestern Pakistan was carried out by a suicide bomber , and was not caused by a remotely detonated roadside bomb as first reported .
The suicide attack suggests that the Taliban , who took credit for the attack , had inside information on the presence of US troops in the convoy .
The three US soldiers , who have been described variously as Special Operations Forces and civil affairs troops training Pakistan ’s paramilitary Frontier Corps , were killed when a suicide bomber driving a car rammed into their convoy as it traveled to the opening of a girls ’ school in the district of Lower Dir .
The three soldiers were among nine people killed in the attack ; three Pakistani girls , a Pakistani Frontier Corps soldier , and two civilians were also reported killed , and more than 130 Pakistanis , most of them girls at a high school near the attack , and two more US soldiers , were wounded .
The attack indicates that the Taliban received intelligence on the convoy ’s movements and knew exactly which car to hit .
The suicide bomber stalked the convoy and appeared to know which car was carrying the American soldiers .
“ As soon as the convoy appeared it rushed to that place and exploded , ” a resident of the village of Shahi Koto who witnessed the attack told The Associated Press .
The US soldiers were traveling in an armored vehicle that “ was equipped with electronic jammers sufficient to block remotely controlled devices and mines , ” and was in the middle of a convoy of vehicles from the Frontier Corps , The New York Times reported .
US military and intelligence officials contacted by The Long War Journal suspect that the Taliban were given specific intelligence to carry out the attack , but these sources do not yet have concrete evidence to back up the claim .
Nor would they speculate on who may have provided the intelligence to the Taliban .
“ This attack was too perfect , they laid in wait for the convoy to pass and knew exactly which vehicle to hit , ” a US military officer familiar with the details of the attack observed .
“ Suicide attacks in Dir are not that common , ” a US intelligence official familiar with the Taliban insurgency in Pakistan ’s Northwest Frontier Province said .
“ I do n’t believe they got that lucky and by chance struck gold with their first suicide attack [ in Dir ] in almost two months . ”
“ The very rare suicide attacks in Dir have followed a pattern , ” the intelligence official continued .
“ In the past , they [ The Taliban ] have used suicide attacks to intimidate the tribes who sought to eject the Taliban . ”
The last suicide attack in Dir took place on Dec. 18 , when the Taliban blew up a mosque frequented by police and security officials .
Dir is a district in the Northwest Frontier Province that borders the Taliban - controlled tribal agency of Bajaur , under the command of Faqir Mohammed .
Dir also borders the district of Swat , where the military has been waging a counterinsurgency against the Taliban under the command of Mullah Nazir .
The Taliban use Dir as a transit point to cross into Afghanistan and wage attacks against Coalition Forces in the northeast .
Sufi Mohammed , the leader of the banned pro-Taliban Tehrik - e - Nifaz - e - Shariat - e - Mohammed [ TNSM , or the Movement for the Enforcement of Mohammed ’s Law ] , is from Lower Dir.
Sufi , who is in Pakistani custody , engineered the Taliban official takeover of Swat and neighboring districts in February 2009 .
During the preceding two years , the Taliban unofficially controlled Swat and neighboring Shangla .
The overt Taliban takeover of Swat invited international condemnation and forced the Pakistani Army to move into the district in force in April 2009 .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
For our money , one of the better parts of President Obama 's speech at West Point this week was his connection between a healthy economy and U.S. national security .
To quote : " Our prosperity provides a foundation for our power .
It pays for our military .
It underwrites our diplomacy . "
We only wish Mr. Obama understood the link between the larger welfare state he is trying to build at home and the economic weakness that will undermine our military power .
The proof is right before his eyes in the U.S. struggle ...
Do n’t Go There , Heritage
In “ ‘ Socially Responsible ’ Corporations : Whose Wealth Are They Spreading Around ? ” , Heritage Foundation analyst James M. Roberts proposed an experiment to test “ the market for corporate social responsibility . ”
Apple could sell one iPod for $ 99 and another for $ 125 , with the extra $ 26 in the second one going to progressive social causes like the environment and education .
“ If consumers wanted to pay the extra $ 26 , voting with their wallets for a cause they believe in , they could . ”
Reason ’s Jesse Walker lampooned this proposal , repeating it word for word with “ high CEO salaries ” substituted for “ corporate social responsibility , ” and the extra $ 26 going to buy Steve Jobs “ expensive consumer items . ”
Seems to me that , in arguing that it ’s unlibertarian for a corporation to offer a limited range of products , and not offering cheaper alternatives without embedded costs of this or that sort , they ’re leaving themselves wide open .
They might have to address the question of just how many product features and designs result from oligopoly markets in which people select from whatever crappy choices are put on their plates .
I ca n’t really say I ’m all that surprised the author of a by - the - numbers Heritage piece failed to anticipate the smartass uses his “ argument ” could be put to .
It ’s about like something Dick Armey phoned in from FreedomWorks .
And say !
Does n’t it seem a bit odd that the Heritage Foundation complains about corporations spreading their shareholders ’ wealth around , when according to its website it has “ more than 566,000 individual , foundation and corporate donors ” ?
Somewhat perplexed , I attempted to contact Heritage :
“ I ’d be most obliged if you ’d give me a list of all your corporate sponsors and the amounts of their contributions .
Some of them might be interested in taking up a research proposal of mine , in the spirit of Mr. Roberts ’ article : offering two identical products for sale , one with and one without a price markup to cover a donation to Heritage . ”
I never did get that list .
But making shift with Google , I found out that Heritage ’s sponsors include Coors , Scaife , General Motors , Ford Motors , Proctor & Gamble , Chase Manhattan Bank , Allstate Insurance , Mortgage Insurance Companies of America , American International Group ( AIG ) , Dow Chemical , ChevronTexaco , Exxon Mobil , Johnson & Johnson , GlaxoSmithKline , Novartis , Bristol - Myers Squibb Foundation , Pfizer , PhRMA , Microsoft , Boeing and Lockheed Martin , Honda , Altria Group ( Philip Morris ) , Alticor ( Amway ) , and United Parcel Service ( UPS ) .
On second thought , those donors may be getting a pretty good deal on the money they ’re “ spreading ” Heritage ’s way .
Perhaps coincidentally , Heritage ’s policy agenda seems to dovetail nicely with the business models of its corporate donors .
They seem to consist disproportionately of corporate welfare moochers and beneficiaries of protectionism .
I mean , Microsoft and all those drug companies would be pretty well screwed without strong “ intellectual property ” [ sic ] protectionism , would n’t they ?
As for Boeing and Lockheed Martin — my goodness !— if it were n’t for the perpetual warfare state Heritage so enthusiastically supports , with all its bloated military - industrial spending , those companies might have to find actual customers willing to spend their own money on their products .
And I vaguely recall that General Motors and some of those banks and insurance companies might have gotten a bit of government money somewhere along the line , if my memory ’s not playing tricks on me .
So Heritage ’s policy recommendations seem to be rather important for the business models of its donors .
Maybe we ought to try a different experiment : offering the taxpayer two alternative tax bills , one with and one without corporate welfare to Heritage ’s donors .
Or two consumer prices , one with and one without the “ intellectual property ” protectionism Heritage advocates .
Despite their apolitical non-profit status , those Heritage wonks manage to get some pretty good seats at the policy making table ( especially when the Republicans control Congress ) .
Their 1995 Annual Report quoted vice presidents Stuart Butler and Kim Holmes : “ Heritage now works very closely with the congressional leadership … .
Heritage has been involved in crafting almost every piece of major legislation to move through Congress . ”
“ Without exaggeration , I think we ’ve in effect become Congress ’s unofficial research arm … .
We truly have become an extension of the congressional staff , but on our own terms and according to our own agenda . ”
So maybe those contributions are money well spent , after all .
If you ’re a giant corporation that profits by sucking off the government tit , I guess the best thing to do is buy yourself a “ free market ” think tank to make sure you ’re never exposed to the horrors of an actual free market .
Based on the recent trend in the employment report , the U.S. economy might start adding net payroll jobs soon .
This post looks at payroll employment vs. the change in real GDP , and estimates the unemployment rate in 12 months for several growth scenarios .
Credit :
This idea is from a recent research note by Jan Hatzius .
Note :
This is similar to Okun 's relationship between GDP and unemployment .
Click on graph for larger image .
The first graph shows the four quarter change in real GDP and the four quarter change in employment , as a percent of payroll employment ( to normalize for changes in payroll over time ) .
The second graph shows the same data in a scatter graph .
There is a clear relationship - the higher the change in the real GDP , the larger the increase in payroll employment .
This shows that real GDP has to grow at a sustained rate of about 1 % just to keep the net change in payroll jobs at zero .
A 3 % increase in real GDP ( over a year ) would lead to about a 1.5 % increase in payroll employment .
With approximately 131 million payroll jobs , a 1.5 % increase in payroll employment would be just under 2 million jobs over the next year - and the unemployment rate would probably remain close to 10 % .
The following table summarizes several growth scenarios .
The unemployment rate is from the household survey and depends on the number of people in the work force - so it cannot be calculated directly .
The table uses a range of unemployment rates based on 1.6 to 2.1 million people entering the workforce over the next 12 months ( a combination of population growth and discouraged workers reentering the work force ) .
Real GDP Growth Percent Payroll Growth Annual Payroll Growth ( 000s ) Monthly Payroll Growth ( 000s ) Approximate Unemployment Rate in One Year 6.0 % 3.5 % 4,563 380 8.0 % to 8.3 % 5.0 % 2.8 % 3,684 307 8.6 % to 8.9 % 4.0 % 2.1 % 2,806 234 9.1 % to 9.4 % 3.0 % 1.5 % 1,928 161 9.7 % to 10.0 % 2.0 % 0.8 % 1,049 87 10.3 % to 10.6 % 1.0 % 0.1 % 171 14 10.8 % to 11.1 %
I expect a sluggish recovery in 2010 , and I think the unemployment rate will stay near 10 % for the next year .
Those expecting a sharp drop in the unemployment rate are clearly expecting real GDP growth of 5 % or more .
Obviously higher growth rates would mean an even quicker decline in the unemployment rate , and a decline in real GDP would mean much higher unemployment rates .
Senate Panel Announces Big Hearing on Blackwater ’s Afghanistan Contract
Created : February 17 , 2010 15:22 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
All it took was a ) shots fired at Afghan civilians on a Kabul road ; b ) bribes to foreign officials that amount to hush money ; c ) credible accounts of unlicensed weapons shipping ; d ) secret raids alongside the CIA on suspected insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan ; and of course e ) heavy collaboration with the Joint Special Operations Command to attract some real Senate scrutiny of Blackwater , the much - renamed private security firm that according to its founder is a CIA cutout .
The Senate Armed Services Committee just announced a hearing on “ contracting in a counterinsurgency : an examination of the Blackwater - Paravant contract and the need for oversight . ”
It gets underway next Wednesday , Feb. 24 , at 9:30 a.m. ( Paravant is a Blackwater subsidiary working for the Defense Department in Afghanistan . )
As far as I ’m aware , this is the first Senate hearing exclusively devoted to Blackwater .
The previous big Blackwater hearing came before the House oversight committee in 2007 , and it mainly resulted in forcing the State Department ’s conflict - of - interest - laden inspector - general , Cookie Krongard , to resign in disgrace after misrepresenting his ties to the company before the panel .
From the looks of the witness list , there may be some real disclosures : Paravant ’s ex-program manager , John R. Walker , is slated to testify , as is its ex-vice president Brian C. McCracken .
So are a host of retired military officials , including the former head of the effort to train Afghan security forces , retired Col. Bradley Wakefield .
A former Blackwater vice president for contracts , Fred Roitz , has been invited , but it ’s unclear whether he ’ll appear .
It ’s worth pointing out that to the best of my knowledge , there was no Senate hearing devoted to scrutinizing Blackwater ’s multi-million dollar contracts with the government after its guards shot and killed 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians in September 2007 .
Everyone knows about “ those men ”  those balding corporate executives who buy a red convertible and run off with the bombshell secretary , leaving their ex-wife and children high and dry .
In fact , the truth is quite the opposite .
The typical “ deadbeat dad ” is a blue - collar guy , sometimes without a job , whose wife initiated the divorce because she did n’t feel “ fulfilled ” in the relationship .
In its frenzy to make sure divorced fathers pay , the US Congress has granted the Office of Child Support Enforcement a broad range of police powers .
These strong - arm tactics include garnishing a man ’s paycheck , revoking his driver ’s license , and sending him to the modern - day equivalent of a debtor ’s prison .
According to a chilling exposé in the June issue of Men ’s Health Magazine , on any given day about 15,000 American men are in the slammer for falling behind on child support payments .
How they are supposed to earn money while they are in jail , no one seems to know .
Take Bobby Sherrill , for example .
He was working on contract to the Kuwaiti military in 1990 .
When Iraq invaded Kuwait in August , they took Sherrill hostage .
Four months later , he was released .
When he came home to Fayetteville , NC , he expected a hero ’s welcome .
Instead , the child support goons arrested him for failure to pay child support during his captivity .
Or consider Derek Harvey , a landscaper in Baltimore .
Three months after he broke up with his girlfriend , his 3 children showed up on his doorstep in the middle of the night .
Now Harvey takes care of his kids .
But the child support bills keep coming .
And he keeps paying , knowing the likely result of being tagged with the “ deadbeat ” epithet .
Some fathers crack under the pressure .
According to a 2000 study published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health , divorced men were more than twice as likely to commit suicide as married men , and almost 10 times more likely to kill themselves as divorced women .
Much of the problem can be traced to the arithmetic used to calculate the payments .
Back in the 1980s , Robert Williams was hired by the federal government to come up with a formula to figure how much fathers in various income brackets would have to pay .
Then Williams created his own company , Policy Studies , Inc. , to track down the deadbeats and receive a cut of the take .
But there ’s a basic conflict of interest at work here  the higher the guidelines that Williams sets , the bigger the profits that flow to his company .
That ’s like telling the IRS that they can increase their agency ’s budget by jimmying the tax rate charts .
So Jim Taylor of Richmond , Virginia , who earns a respectable $ 5,000 a month , is saddled with payments of $ 2,000 .
Even though his 3 sons spend half their time with him , Taylor ’s child support burden remains the same .
As a result , he does not have the money to buy clothes for his kids or take them on a vacation .
So Taylor faced the essential dilemma of divorced dads :
Should he put in more hours at work  and devote less time with his kids  in order to make ends meet ?
Or should he spend more time , and thus more expenses , with his kids , thus risking the poorhouse and even the jailhouse ?
Taylor opted for the second choice .
He eventually had to file for bankruptcy and moved in with his grandmother .
When the Office of Child Support Enforcement was first established in 1975 , its advocates justified this intrusive experiment of centralized government with the promise that dads would now stay involved with their children .
But in reality , it is forcing fathers to choose between the workhouse and the jailhouse .
That is a choice that no parent should have to make .
June 10 , 2003
The Best of Carey Roberts
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama hosted a concert at the White House on Tuesday honouring the leaders and musicians of the civil rights movement .
A number of musicians performed including Smokey Robinson , Jennifer Hudson and the Blind Boys of Alabama .
President Obama joined in with the performers on one of the songs .
The IRS gave us this statement : " We can confirm that a small plane hit a building in Austin , Texas that includes IRS offices .
This is the Echelon 1 Building , which houses about 190 IRS employees .
We are still in the process of accounting for all of our employees .
We will be providing updates as more information becomes available . "
Update 4 : This appears to be Stack 's manifesto .
Update 3 : The Pilot has been identified as software engineer Joseph Andrew Stack .
Update 2 : Now CNN is reporting that the crash was intentional , citing an official .
Update : Fox News is reporting that the pilot actually set is house on fire in Waco before taking off to Texas .
Original post :
Here 's the latest on the Austin Texas plane crash .
The fear is that this may have been intentional :
From the Austin - American Statesman :
According to an FBI agent who asked not to be identified because he is n’t authorized to release information , the incident is being investigated as an accident , although eyewitnesses said the plane seemed to come in at full throttle .
He said the plane was out of Waco and that Federal Aviation Administration officials are en route to the scene .
The agent said it was believed the plane had come from Waco , and that witnesses said it had hit the building at full - throttle .
FBI sources said that the eyewitness accounts saying that the plane did not slow down is making some authorities wonder if it was an intentional act .
FBI spokesman Bill Carter said the building hit by a plane at the Echelon office complex did not contain an FBI office .
While the FBI has an office at the complex , the plane did not crash into that particular building , Carter said .
William Winnie , an Internal Revenue Service agent , said he was in a training session on the third floor of the building when he saw a light - colored , single engine plane coming at the building .
Today , the Washington Post published a letter from Google CEO Eric Schmidt laying out his five - step plan for turning around the economy around .
Here are the key points :
" Congress should ensure that every bill it passes promotes competition over protecting the interests of incumbents . "
" If we want to be a leader in new industries such as green energy , we have to accept that some of our investments wo n't pan out . "
" We need to extend the R&D tax credit so businesses can confidently invest in their future . "
" Government - funded research should be made public through " a Wikipedia of ideas , " so entrepreneurs can harness ideas commercially . "
Only 3 days after the Motorola Droid went on sale we broke the news that it would likely get an OTA update on December 11th .
It looks like good fortune may come a tad early as BGR suggest the OTA update will start today and roll - out to all Droid owners over the next 48 hours .
We ca n’t confirm or deny the rumor but it wo n’t be long before we find out .
And oh yeah … there are tons of people at the Motorola Droid Forum so check in periodically to see if anyone has gotten the update and , if you have , make sure you share the good news with us !
This afternoon the President of Ireland , Mrs Mary McAleese , is launching a new initiative to generate both ideas and a new national mood of optimism and self - confidence .
This comes in the form of a competition called Your Country , Your Call , which will invite submissions from people in Ireland and overseas for game changing ideas that have the potential to create economic activity and prosperity in this country .
The two winning entries will receive prizes of € 100,000 each , but other entries may also receive support for their implementation by the appropriate state agencies .
The whole project is the brainchild of Dr Martin McAleese , and his energy and enthusiasm ensured that it would become reality .
it has gathered a number of supporters who contributed solely on a pro bono basis .
I was very privileged to be a member of the steering committee that developed the idea and guided it to its launch today .
Other DCU staff , and DCU students , were also involved .
It will receive a lot of publicity over the days and weeks ahead .
Further details can be seen on its website .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on February 17 , 2010 at 4:33 pm and is filed under society .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : competition , economic recovery , Ireland , Martin McAleese , Mary McAleese , Your Country Your Call
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - AT&T
Inc plans to sell seven new smartphones in the first half of this year , including two from Palm Inc and five Android handsets from vendors such as Dell Inc .
Ralph de la Vega , AT&T 's head of wireless business and consumer markets , speaks during an AT&T Developers Conference in Las Vegas , Nevada January 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Steve Marcus
The news bolstered shares of Palm , which has been under pressure to find more carrier partners .
But the multiple new handsets announced by AT&T fueled speculation among analysts the company could lose its U.S. exclusivity contract for Apple Inc ’s iPhone by the middle of the year .
The Android phones from Dell , Motorola Inc and HTC Corp would mark the first time AT&T , the second - biggest U.S. mobile provider , will use the operating system developed by Google Inc .
“ AT&T is trying to preempt the exodus of subscribers for when Verizon gets the iPhone , expected to be around mid-year , ” said Charter Equity Research analyst Ed Snyder .
He was referring to widely held expectations that No. 1 U.S. mobile service Verizon Wireless , a venture of Verizon Communications Inc and Vodafone Group Plc , would forge a deal with Apple once AT&T ’s U.S. hold on iPhone ends .
AT&T announced the new smartphones on Wednesday on the sidelines of the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
The inclusion of Palm phones in AT&T ’s line - up should help the struggling handset maker regain ground lost to iPhone and other rivals .
AT&T has more than 81 million wireless subscribers and Snyder estimated the carrier could sell 500,000 to 700,000 Palm phones in a quarter .
“ It ’s certainly going to help Palm .
About 500,000 should n’t be too hard in a quarter , but so much depends on how AT&T prices it and how hard they push it , ” Snyder said .
Palm , which is also expected to announce a deal with Verizon Wireless at CES this week , currently only sells its hottest smartphones -- the Pre and Pixi -- through Sprint Nextel Corp , the number 3 U.S. mobile service .
Michael Gartenberg , an analyst with consulting group Interpret , said it was not a big surprise AT&T would sell Palm phones , but he said it was unusual for the carrier to announce so many smartphones all at once .
“ One has to wonder if the time of their iPhone exclusivity is coming to an end and if they ’re doing this to prepare for that eventuality , ” he said .
AT&T refused to comment on its agreement with Apple .
It also declined to give details about the new devices , saying that would come closer to launch .
“ I think this is the best portfolio we ’ve ever had if you look at 2010 , ” AT&T ’s mobile chief Ralph de la Vega told Reuters at an AT&T developer conference on the sidelines of CES .
He said AT&T would sell “ new ” Palm devices , but declined to say if they would be new models or the Pre or Pixi .
Snyder said the devices would probably be versions of Pre and the Pixi , as he does not expect new Palm phones to hit shelves until around mid year .
De la Vega also said AT&T plans to offer Web - based applications to users of less advanced phones by forging a deal with Qualcomm Inc for use of its Brew app platform .
He said the first of these applications would be available first in phones from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd later this year .
AT&T sees the majority of its mid-range phones supporting Brew next year .
Dell , better known for computers than phones , said AT&T will carry a smartphone from its Mini 3 family , already available in China and Brazil .
Palm shares rose 6.45 percent to close at $ 11.23 , while AT&T shares fell 1.46 percent to $ 27.61 .
It 's easy to indulge in casual stereotyping , and to accuse the opponents of gay marriage of " bigotry , " " homophobia , " " a stunning lack of historical knowledge " or " total failure to show basic decency . "
You might even point out that their arguments against the legality of gay marriage " do n't make any fucking sense . "
But friends , that kind of rhetoric is just the same old hatred rearing its ugly head , hatred which America 's political left must finally admit to , and confront .
Much like how American liberals failed to consider the extra special feelings of Southern Whites , whose unique cultural traditions could n't withstand the inability to treat black people like caged animals , or how they failed to see how letting millions starve to death during the depression would have actually saved this country , we now find ourselves once again on the wrong side of history , forcing our narrow minded , hateful agenda down the throats of people who deserve not our scorn , but our sincere sympathy .
Sure , we 're all riveted by the trial , currently underway , that seeks to resolve Proposition 8's legality .
And yes we 're fascinated by the debate over whether or not the trial should be televised .
But how can we who call ourselves " liberal " be so selfish that we ignore the arguments in favor of preventing gays from marrying ?
Because , in truth , the opponents of gay marriage , or " garriage , " are victims .
Not only of selfish , naive leftism , but of our failure to recognize their right to be emotionally stunted , sexually dysfunctional neurotics .
Certainly , most of us are capable of looking at two people in love , holding hands or kissing , and simply being happy for them .
Most of us consider consensual , mutually satisfying sexual encounters , particularly between people in love , to among the greatest things about being alive .
But to suggest that this makes us " normal " or " healthy " people is disgusting bigotry on a scale not seen since the war of northern aggression .
Those who cannot experience pleasure without abusing someone , without transferring their urges to relatives , without burying their lives and careers under a pile of lies , who cannot maintain an erection unless they can actually see someone being abused by the state , or by the church - they 're people too , and before you cast judgment them because their sexual orientation compels them to stop gay people from marrying , just imagine what life must be like for these socially shunned victims :
* Imagine being incapable of seeing two people in a relationship without immediately think " huhuhuhuhuhuh , they 're doing it . "
* Imagine being incapable of looking at your own daughter without wanting to fuck her .
* Imagine Not being able to engage in sexual behavior with another consenting person without immediately resenting and fearing them .
* Imagine not being able to achieve orgasm without two wetsuits , a dildo , and the willful deception of your entire congregation .
* Imagine feeling compelled to lecture the whole world about their marriages , yet incapable of fidelity or even honesty1 .
To pretend , because you happen to be capable of guilt - free sex that is " healthy " and " pleasurable " , that other people are too is the very height of hate .
Would you make fun of an Indian because of their " funny accent " 2 ?
Would you mock an Irish Immigrant3 ?
I think not !
But the sad , desperate people who want nothing more than to have their rights as human beings recognized ?
We continue to abuse and persecute them .
Far from the cruel parodies that liberals spread without compunction , the truth is that opponents of " equal marriage rights " are n't evil at all .
They 're simply disgusted by two dudes going at it4 , and the thought of it happening , even without their knowledge , prevents them from achieving even measurable sexual arousal .
But because our backward legal system does n't recognize their natural inclination as a legitimate sexual orientation , admitting , out loud , during trial proceedings , that they have to stop gay people from marrying just so they can have an orgasm , will get them laughed out of court .
So they have no choice but to invent a lot of solemn , legalish sounding justifications that mask the fact that they have culturally frowned upon , deep seated sexual needs that make it impossible for them to function " normally " .
Consider this :
In 1973 the American Psychiatric Association declassified homosexuality as a mental disorder .
The American Psychological Association Council of Representatives followed in 1975 .
And in 2003 , the Supreme Court , in the landmark case of Lawrence V. Texas , totally legalized buttsecks despite the fact that it is , though nonthreatening , totally gross .
These events represent a stunning reversal of a longstanding5 injustice .
One would think that having once been part of a pariah group , the gays would be capable of basic empathy .
One would think that having had their own sexual orientation categorized , until quite recently , as a mental illness would lead them to have more sympathy for the plight of others whose sexual identity is suspect .
Sadly , one would be wrong .
No , far from being able to see the parallels between their own history , and that of the struggle creepily obsessive , impotent Christian Fundamentalists have endured , Gays simply get all up in our faces with their gayness , making unreasonable , strident demands for " equality " .
Much like the expensive clothes they buy , and the ritzy areas of town they always live in , what 's good enough for them simply is n't allowed for others .
I guess " I got mine " sounds better than " All men are created equal " , right ?
6. Shameful .
Gay people have , at worst , been slightly inconvenienced by the constant threat that their very right to exist as free and equal members of society will be revoked .
I have bigger problems just trying to get the servers at Carnitas Michoacan in East LA to understand basic English7 .
As for the poor souls still trapped by society 's pro-gay prejudices ?
They have to live their lives trapped in a perpetual prison , inmates forced by a judgmental society to conceal the very essence of who they really are .
It 's as if they 're stuck in a small , dark , closet - like room , a wardrobe for instance8 , pretending to be " normal " , " healthy " people .
All the while cruelly expected to conduct their sexual affairs like fully grown adults .
Why do you think they 're so angry about birth control , and abortion , and women 's rights , and of course , gay marriage ?
Castigated for failing to respect the " privacy " and " rights " of other people , forced to deny themselves the pleasure of their feverish sexual immaturity and , of course , their deep seated sexual performance anxiety , it is inevitable that they 'd lash out at their oppressors .
And make no mistake , their oppressors have deployed sickening rhetorical tools in the fight to deny these impotent , sexually immature masturbators their human rights .
They 've argued that it 's a lifestyle choice .
That it was their upbringing .
That maybe their religion is a disjointed , confusing collection of bronze age gibberish9 .
They 've even suggested that raising someone so that they grow to loathe their perfectly natural , healthy sexual urges , and to be obsessed with the private consenting sexual behavior of strangers , is a form of child abuse .
They 've even spread rumors that these people are " recruiting " the young .
While these rumors are technically true , this custom is also very misunderstood .
Accusing people of bigotry for the " crime " of being incapable of adult sexuality only makes the problem worse .
Rather than our selfish lack of understanding , what these people desperately need is our help .
So I 'm sorry , but I simply cannot tolerate bigotry against these poor souls any longer .
In truth , until Americans are able to see past their selfish , gay - centric , sexual maturity bias , and recognize that crippling sexual immaturity is a legitimate sexual orientation , we truly cannot claim to be a free country .
We need to accept the inveterate sexual performance problems of Gay Marriage Opponents with open arms , and fight just as firmly for their right to be sexually non-functional , as we already have for Gay people .
Thus , for their own good , and for the betterment of our society as a whole , we need to keep letting them outlaw gay marriage .
We may not be able to see it today , but for future generations , the cause of freedom - NAY - Of civilization itself , will be best expressed with the following stirring words :
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL , INCLUDING CREEPY , IMPOTENT FUNDAMENTALISTS !
Say it loud .
Say it proud .
But most of all ?
Say it wearing two wetsuits , in an airport bathroom , hiking the Appalachian trail , with your employee 's wife !
Fin
*****
Footnotes
1 ) Remember what Abraham said to Isaac : " And ye shall hike the Appalachian Trail , deep - dicking the finest Argentinian Poontang , but lo !
Thine unhappy marriage shalt be thine highest priority .
Verily , do n't getteth caught .
2 ) No , but it 's open season on those dirty Ching Chong Chinamen .
Nah , I 'm kidding .
I aporogise .
Prease forgive me .
3 ) They may be lazy drunks , but they practically invented boxing .
4 ) Not that you can blame them .
Adam and Steve is just gross dude .
Amanda and Eve though ?
mmm mmm mmm. Gimmiesommathat .
5 ) though completely understandable .
Seriously , god damn .
Ew !
6 ) I 'm sure there 's some faggy house song about it right now .
Probably all " Everybooody !
Let 's hate Jeeesuuuus and have seeex ! unce unce unce . "
No , I 'll be listening to Chris Brown , thank you very much .
7 ) Seriously , no matter how much I yell , ask to see their green card , or remind them that if it were n't for us back in the 1840s , they'd be speaking Spanish right now , they simply can't seem to understand me .
Assholes .
8 ) Their only friends are half goat - men , snow queens and shallow , pseudo intellectual British fantasy authors .
It 's why they all move to to the West Side of Bronson , or We - Bo , as they slangly call it .
If you ’re looking for more info on upgrading , do n’t miss out on my other posts on Rails 3 starting here .
NOTE : This is now an official , blessed plugin , so use that rather than this gem .
More info here .
I ’ve been playing with upgrading some apps to Rails 3 ( some open - source , some not ) , and I ’ve sort of gotten some of the process down to a science .
So what does a developer do when something is down to a process ?
Automate !
I ’ve created a ( pretty hacky ) gem named rails - upgrade ( installable by a simple gem install rails - upgrade ) to automate some of the more annoying parts of the upgrade from Rails 2.x to Rails 3 .
So far , it has three parts …
Find out what parts need to be upgraded
I ’ve assembled a battery of checks to run on your app for obvious things that need to be upgraded .
To get a report , simply run this in a Rails root :
rails - upgrade check
It checks over some things , then generates a report like this :
named_scope is now just scope
The named_scope method has been renamed to just scope .
More information : http://github.com/rails/rails/commit/d60bb0a9e4be2ac0a9de9a69041a4ddc2e0cc914
The culprits : - app/models/group.rb - app/models/post.rb
Deprecated ActionMailer API
You 're using the old ActionMailer API to send e-mails in a controller , model , or observer .
More information : http://lindsaar.net/2010/1/26/new-actionmailer-api-in-rails-3
The culprits : - app/controllers/application.rb - app/controllers/feedback_controller.rb
Old ActionMailer class API
You 're using the old API in a mailer class .
More information : http://lindsaar.net/2010/1/26/new-actionmailer-api-in-rails-3
The culprits : - app/models/post.rb - app/models/user.rb
It shows and explains the issue , where to get more information on it , and which files the issue was found in .
It checks a lot more than that report shows ( e.g. , looks for old generators , busted plugins , environment.rb conversion requirements , old style routes , etc. ) .
It does n’t cover everything 100 % probably , but I ’ve found it ’s great for quickly identifying some low hanging fruit in upgrading .
Upgrading routes
The gem will also upgrade your routes as best it can .
To generate a new routes file , simply run this inside of a Rails application :
rails - upgrade routes
I ’ve tested it on some quite complicated routes files and it did fine , but it does have some minor quirks ( i.e. , it flattens with_options blocks currently … that might change if I feel like putting the effort into it …or if one of you patches it :) .
It takes a routes file like :
ActionController :: Routing :: Routes.draw do |map| map.resources :posts , : collection => {: drafts => : get , : published => : get} map.resources ( :users , : groups , : pictures ) map.login '/ login ' , : controller => ' sessions ' , :action => ' new ' map.logout '/ logout ' , : controller => ' sessions ' , :action => ' destroy ' map.connect '/ about ' , : controller => ' static ' , :action => ' about ' map.connect ':controller/:action/:id.:format ' map.connect ':controller/:action /:id' end
And makes a new one like this :
YourApp :: Application .routes do resources : posts do collection do get : drafts get : published end end resources :users resources : groups resources : pictures match '/ login ' => ' sessions #new ' , : as => : login match '/ logout ' => ' sessions#destroy ' , : as => : logout match '/ about ' => ' static#about ' match '/:controller (/:action ( /:id ) ) '
end
The formatting is n’t quite this nice when it comes straight out of the script ( I ’m working on that ) , but you get the idea .
I ’m still tweaking / adding things to this script , but as far as I know it supports every feature of the Rails 2.x router .
Fixing the formatting bugs are my first priority , simply because they ’re really annoying .
Creating Gemfiles
The last piece is a Gemfile generator ; it takes your config.gem directives and generates a nice Gemfile ( even including the required Rails stuff ) .
To run it , simply execute :
rails - upgrade gems
That will take an environment.rb with these config.gem calls :
config.gem " bj " config.gem " hpricot " , :version => ' 0.6 ' , : source => " http://code.whytheluckystiff.net " config.gem " sqlite3-ruby " , : lib => " sqlite3 " config.gem " aws-s3 " , : lib => " aws/s3 "
And generate this Gemfile :
# Edit this Gemfile to bundle your application 's dependencies .
#
This preamble is the current preamble for Rails 3 apps ; edit as needed .
directory " / path/to/rails " , : glob => " {*/,}*.gemspec " git " git://github.com/rails/arel.git " git " git://github.com/rails/rack.git " gem " rails " , " 3.0. pre " gem ' bj ' , source ' http://code.whytheluckystiff.net' gem ' hpricot ' , ' 0.6 ' gem ' sqlite3-ruby ' , :require_as= >" sqlite3 " gem ' aws - s3 ' , :require_as= > " aws/s3 "
Then it ’s just as simple as gem bundle .
Again , I ’ve tested this on some fairly complex sets of gem requirements , so it should stand up to most sets .
If you find a bug or want to expand the checks and upgrade scripts or , like , add some tests ( please do ! ) , then hit it up on Github , fork it , and send me a message .
If you want to simply install the gem and run it , then just run gem install rails - upgrade then rails - upgrade < whatever > inside the Rails application directory .
NOTE : This is now an official , blessed plugin , so use that rather than this gem .
More info here .
If you ’re looking for more info on upgrading , do n’t miss out on my other posts on Rails 3 starting here .
permalink
Hardware enthusiast Dave Hacks read about the Viper SmartStart system , capable of remote starting your car from anywhere , all for $ 500 .
He loved the idea , but not the price , so he rolled up his sleeves and made his own on the cheap .
After looking into the system , I soon stumbled onto the fact that the system is ridiculously expensive , as is everything that has to do with the Goddamned iPhone newer technology .
Further research on the subject yielded little hope , as all other systems were out of my budget ( cheap as hell ) .
Advertisement
He details the step - by - step process in great detail on his blog in three parts .
The project as a whole cost him $ 71.03 , and while it certainly requires some time and know - how on your part , the end result is pretty cool .
Remote Start using Cell Phone : Part 1 ; Part 2 ; Part 3 [ Dave Hacks via Jalopnik ]
Google is being threatened with legal action over the launch of its new social network , Google Buzz , amid furious claims that the service breaches users ' privacy .
A week after launching the service with great fanfare and with high hopes that it could lure internet users ' attention away from Facebook and Twitter , Google has found itself embroiled in a technical and public relations nightmare .
The pioneering internet company again apologised to users yesterday , and said it was working round the clock to roll out additional alterations to Buzz , on top of emergency changes imposed late last week and over the weekend .
Google said last Tuesday it was creating a vast social network from scratch by harnessing the 180 million users of its Gmail email service , converting parts of their contacts lists into Facebook - style " friends " who could share status updates , pictures and links .
But users revolted when they realised that their contacts could now see who they had been emailing – something that could reveal everything from private business relationships to romantic affairs .
Angry users have deluged Google with complaints and conversation in company chatrooms has turned to legal action .
In Israel , one Gmail account holder has already reportedly launched a lawsuit that she hopes can be joined by other users .
Amal Jaraisy said she had lodged the suit on behalf of people who " woke up one morning and found that the details of the people with whom they have open or covert contact are exposed to the entire world " , according to the daily newspaper Haaretz .
Google had bypassed the careful testing that it usually insists upon for new products , trialling Buzz only using internal staff .
Shelly Palmer , technology and media consultant and founder of Advanced Media Ventures , said the company had been caught unawares by the reaction of its public users .
" Anyone who understands the Google mindset could not have expected them to get this right , " he said .
" Everywhere they go , they try to apply mechanistic efficiency .
They looked at Facebook and said , ' You have to invite people ?
How ridiculous !
We 'll just look at who you email most and hook up those people right now . '
This was n't a malicious attack on your privacy .
It was just Google 's attempt to create a social network with no fuss . "
Google has issued repeated apologies to Gmail customers as the débâcle has unfolded and now makes it easier for users to keep their contacts private , to block certain people from following them and to unsubscribe from Buzz all together .
Todd Jackson , the Google product manager who a week ago had expressed his enthusiasm for the new service by declaring " Woohoo , Google Buzz launched ! " was taking a different tone yesterday , saying the company was " Very , very sorry " .
In his latest blog post , he said : " We quickly realized that we did n't get everything quite right .
We have been working hard ever since to improve things based on your feedback .
We 'll continue to do so . "
Further changes under consideration include setting up Google Buzz as a standalone website , to further untangle it from Gmail .
But , even as it was dealing with its public relations nightmare , Google was trying to look on the bright side .
At least many of the Buzz users who were venting their fury were doing so on the new social network .
Yemeni authorities declared a state of emergency in a southern provincial capital today , citing the possibility of separatist attacks two days after a policeman was shot dead in an ambush in a nearby province .
Yemen said separatists killed the officer in south Yemen on Thursday , bringing to four the number of people killed in attacks on southern security men in a week as authorities also mounted sweeps targeting separatists .
A government official said the state of emergency in the city of Dalea was " to guard against acts of violence that outlaws are intent on carrying out in the city " .
He spoke in language Sanaa typically uses to refer to separatists .
" ( The move ) is aimed at securing the lives of citizens and maintaining provincial security and stability after reports of the entry of armed elements to the municipality to carry out conspiratorial plots , disturb the peace and harm the public interest , " the official told Reuters , declining to be named .
Yemen , in addition to its conflict with separatists , is also facing a northern Shi'ite insurgency and a resurgent al Qaeda , whose Yemen - based regional arm claimed responsibility for a failed December bomb attack on a US - bound plane .
Western governments and neighbouring Saudi Arabia , the world 's biggest oil exporter , fear al Qaeda is exploiting instability on several fronts in Yemen to recruit and train militants to launch attacks in the region and beyond .
People in south Yemen , home to most Yemeni oil facilities , complain that northerners have abused a 1990 agreement uniting the country to grab resources and discriminate against them .
Tension has flared in recent weeks in the south after a separatist protester was killed on 13 February when police opened fire at a demonstration .
Six others were injured .
Police later clashed with demonstrators who came to claim the protester 's body , igniting a week of unrest in which separatists burned northern - owned shops and tried to block a road linking Lahj province to the main southern city of Aden .
Security officials have since launched sweeps in which at least 130 people were arrested across four southern provinces including Dalea .
Government officials said a curfew would be imposed in Dalea from dusk as part of measures imposed under the state of emergency .
" The decision includes the closure of all main and side entrances to the city , prevents the entry of outlaws and bars demonstrations or unlicensed gatherings , " one official said .
Four people have been killed in attacks on security forces in roughly a week .
Separatists killed two people including a senior police official eight days ago in an ambush , and on Monday a military officer was killed in south Yemen .
On Thursday in Zanjibar , witnesses said they heard heavy fire from gunmen thought to belong to a separatist militia , and later saw a 45 - year - old officer slumped dead on his motorcycle .
Winning entries in the Caption Competition .
The competition is now closed .
Full rules can be seen here [ PDF ] .
This week , a street encased in bubble wrap .
( Anyone else itching to get popping ? )
Thanks to all who entered .
The prize of a small amount of kudos to the following :
6. Raven
" Typical !
The one day of the week you pop out , and that 's the day they try to deliver everything . "
5. Noel
" ... and , as a result , they 've taken £ 10 off my excess ! "
4. HaveGavel
" Am I on drugs again ? "
3. fandango2
Where Are They Now ?
Episode 1 : The Andrex Puppy .
2. Kudosless
Google Street Wrap .
1. Clarence_E_Pitts
" ... and this weekend Millwall are away to Windsor Athletic . "
Both technologies seek to provide web users and businesses with better ways to access or make content .
But although Bing adds neat functions - such as improved contextual search and real - time airline updates - it 's value could easily by supplanted by the Big G's renewed focus on the browser and search .
Last year , Google released more than 100 new features and is on track to a similar number this year .
The cynical might assume that one of the companies was trying to gazump the other , but in all likelihood , it was simple coincidence that two of the biggest web announcements occurred in a few hours of each other .
Microsoft's hand may have been moved by the launch of Wolfram| Alpha last week , a smart calculator that got mixed reviews but which shows much promise in connecting people to knowledge .
In these opening salvos the first round clearly goes to Wave , its name a homage to the science fiction of Joss Whedon 's Firefly oeuvre ( Google 's 50 Sydney developers are big fans of the Hollywood wunderkind ) .
A " wave " in the " Whedonverse " was an electronic communication ; a Google developer described Wave as " e- mail on crack " .
Lars and Jens Rasmussen -
The two Danish - Australian brothers behind the collaborative technology that blurs the lines between email , wiki , SMS and Twitter - liked the name but it was Jens who , Google sources said , spent five hours to convince his brother to embark on project Walkabout , which name was later changed to Wave .
Wave 's team drew down heavily on the same Australian pioneers who created Google Maps .
It was incepted as a small , three - person startup that , Lars said , " did n't need to worry about payroll " , in late 2006 and grew to five and then twenty in 2007 before reaching about 50 .
After today 's Google developer conference at the Moscone Centre in San Francisco , that number swelled to about 4000 .
And when the developer day comes Down Under on June 19 and then spreads out to Japan and Europe , the number of minds working to propel it on to blogs , e-commerce sites and everywhere a browser was welcome will lift the intellectual horsepower still further .
Wave integrates many of the features of disparate systems in common use today , such as e-mail , the web , wikis and instant messaging systems from SMS to Twitter .
The search titan 's application programming interfaces would make it easier for third - parties to customise web applications for their needs .
Against this backdrop of a tectonic shift in communication was Microsoft 's Bing , launched under the NineMSN banner in Australia .
Bing was like Google with bling .
It had many commendable refinements to the search process that NineMSN product director Alex Parsons said trim the average search time for items online down from 30 minutes and improved search success rates from 25 percent .
But there was nothing in the demonstration that could not be implemented or improved by Google - even before Bing 's official launch on June 3 .
Parsons said Microsoft has " single - digit " market share of browser searches and was embarking on a long - term plan to whittle away at that dominance by 2 to 3 percent a year .
In that , it learned a lot from open source technologies such as Mozilla browser and Apache web server .
But search was a game of scale by Parsons ' admission and it was unlikely that ad buyers would be so patient .
On the plus side for Microsoft , Parsons said search engine optimisers - those who contrive to lift websites to the top of rankings - wo n't have to do much to fit into the Bing world view .
But a series of boot camps to outline Bing 's advantages was in the pipeline .
But now Microsoft , which could have felt some comfort that the successor to its woeful Live Search was some competition to a Google - whose market share in search many believe has become to big for the web 's good , has to contend with a full - frontal assault on its collaborative software , Sharepoint .
Google said the big advantages were the many ways people used waves .
Lars said some early users were hooked on the ease with which they shared photos and for others it was the collaboration .
Some enjoyed the ease with which their work flowed around with waves .
Still others , down the track , would take the programming interfaces to build into their sites and intranets , much as what happened with Google Maps .
Waves were n't restricted to what you see in the browser when you 're online .
Go offline and the wave data stayed with you , whether that 's an email you were working on , a tweet ( yes , there are plans for Twitter extensions ) or even a file , dragged on to the browser to share later .
Although Lars admitted there was still work to do on the offline experience saving work in progress , ultimately it would mean a user could save all their work in the browser and dump it on the intertubes when they go back online .
And while waves worked best on standards - compliant , Webkit browsers such as Safari and Mozilla and , naturally , Google 's Chrome , Opera and Internet Explorer 7 are not too far away .
The team wanted all users of modern browsers to be able to share their waves , they said .
Lars said that eventually , even those who were n't using waves will benefit , by sending emails ( which could be translated between languages in real time ) to a wave user , who then responded in a wave that was turned back into an e-mail .
The same held true for instant messages and tweets , he said .
It was a single place to manage all communication and collaboration .
The challenge Google and Microsoft will face is getting people to change their rusted - on habits .
In some ways , this will be more difficult for Google , because a shift from discrete applications to just one to handle all communications - real - time messaging and asynchronous such as e-mail - is a lot to swallow .
For Microsoft , the task at hand is to stop people from exercising muscle memory when they type google .com into their search pane ( or click on the drop down search window in many browsers ) .
And it is unclear whether Bing offers enough of a step up to encourage that transition , despite the fact that it would get some leverage from its association with Australia 's most popular website .
Ultimately , it will be up to users and developers to decide the merits of each technology and our collective view of the web .
Will Bing and Wave change your online habits ?
What are the merits you see in each ?
Tell us your thoughts and how you plan to use them in our forums below .
At a glance :
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) -- U.S. helicopters carrying food hovered above the ground in one area of the battered Haitian capital on Saturday , flinging out boxes to the anxious crowd .
It was a chaotic scene as hundreds of Haitians without food and water for four days swarmed toward the boxes , ignoring the wind and dust kicked up from the helicopters ' blades .
A similar scene erupted Friday when a food convoy with the World Food Programme was forced to leave an area after men in the crowd starting pushing and shoving their way to the trucks .
Elsewhere , people stood in long , orderly lines for food , according to a CNN crew , although anxiety about whether there was enough to go around permeated the wait .
In Petionville , a suburb of Port- au - Prince , U.S. troops handed out about 2,500 meals Saturday , before they ran out .
Seventy soldiers arrived with the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division in Petionville to set up a distribution base and a landing zone for helicopters .
They began handing out meals about 2 p.m .
" Our goal is to get supplies out to the people who need it the most , " Col . Mike Foster said .
" We got a good start . "
Authorities set up more than a dozen aid distribution points across battered Port - au - Prince , as aid workers toted medical supplies into the battered island nation .
Still , although some progress could be observed four days after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , problems persisted .
Get the latest developments on Haiti
A CNN crew observed U.N. World Food Programme personnel who were trying to move food from a warehouse damaged from the earthquake .
The building has large cracks up its side , weakening the walls .
Its doors could not be forced fully open to allow a forklift through , so workers were painstakingly hand - carrying the supplies out .
Despite the difficulties , the Haitian ambassador to the United States , Raymond Joseph , said he did not believe that violence will increase , as long as distribution of food continues .
" I think it wo n't get any more violent than it is now , " he said .
Also Saturday , former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kicked off a fundraising drive -- a donation push called the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , similar to the appeal led by Clinton and Bush 's father , former President George H.W. Bush , for the victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami .
The drive was announced at the White House , with President Obama flanked by Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush .
" We 're moving forward with one of the largest relief efforts in our history to save lives and to deliver relief that averts an even larger catastrophe , " Obama said .
Obama said his predecessors will tap into " the incredible generosity , the ingenuity , the can - do spirit " of Americans .
See full coverage of Haiti
The leaders said the best way for Americans to help Haiti is to donate money .
" I know a lot of people want to send blankets or water , " Bush said .
" Just send your cash . "
Aid delivery has been slowed by damaged roads , the destroyed port and bottlenecks at the airport .
As TV images showed people jostling for aid , U.S. officials reiterated what they said has been a continuation of relief efforts :
Ongoing search and rescue operations ; the establishment of 14 aid distribution points ; finding alternatives to the damaged port , distributing water containers , water purification units , medical supplies , and establishing medical clinics and field hospitals .
Israel was establishing a field hospital to treat thousands of victims from the earthquake , expected to absorb 500 casualties a day .
The U.N. World Food Programme said it plans to reach 2 million people " with one - week rations of ready - to - eat food , " and UNICEF said it is distributing water purification tablets , dehydration salts and other supplies , specifically to halt diarrhea infections and diseases .
The U.S. Southern Command said the military is supplying many resources .
About 4,200 U.S. military personnel are currently supporting task force operations , and 6,300 military personnel are scheduled to arrive by Monday , the command said .
Aid efforts from the USS Carl Vinson , an aircraft carrier off the coast of Haiti , were in full gear Saturday , with flights transporting concrete - breaking equipment , medical supplies and water .
Some of those flights are ferrying aid from the airport to the surrounding region and choppers have rescued two American citizens .
The U.S. Agency for International Development said Saturday that the USS Carl Vinson has delivered more than 30 pallets of relief supplies for transport by helicopters .
The U.S. Naval Ship Comfort pushed out of the Port of Baltimore for Haiti on Saturday and is expected to arrive late next week .
A full - scale medical hospital , the craft is equipped with one of the largest trauma facilities in the United States .
It was in Port - au - Prince in 2007 , and again in 2009 , on humanitarian missions , and its medical workers tended to many Haitians during those visits .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Haiti on Saturday , with top relief officials and aid .
She returned to the States later Saturday with Americans who had been evacuated , State Department officials said .
USAID chief , Rajiv Shah , who as traveling with Clinton , said some roads have been cleared in Haiti and that water purifications systems have been sent .
A major shipment of medical aid was being trucked to Haiti through the Dominican Republic , which shares the Caribbean island of Hispaniola with Haiti , a Red Cross spokesman said .
Six truckloads of " urgently needed medical equipment , " including a field hospital , and 50 people specializing in health , water , and sanitation , were en route , he said .
A Finnish Red Cross plane also landed in Port - au - Prince with a " badly needed mobile medical clinic , he said .
CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Arthur Brice , Elise Labott , Laurie Ure and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .
These e-mail screeds against O Canada being belted out in Hindi date to June 2007 .
In its earliest version ( the first example quoted first below ) , no mention was made of anyone ’s planning to sing Canada ’s national anthem in Hindi at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
That part was added to the piece months later as it circulated on the Internet :
Examples :
[ Collected via e-mail , June 2007 ] OH CANADA – OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM
Boy do I ever agree with this one —
Keep it the way it was written —
English period , no exceptions !!!!!!
I am sorry but after hearing they want to sing the National Anthem in Hindi – enough is enough .
No where did they sing it
in Italian , Japanese , Polish , Irish ( Celtic ) , German , Portuguese , Greek , or any other language because of immigration .
It was written in English , and should be sung word for word the way it was written .
If this offends anyone too bad – because this is MY COUNTRY !!!
– IF IT IS YOUR COUNTRY , SPEAK UP — please pass this along .
I am not against immigration — just come through like everyone else .
Get a sponsor ; have a place to lay your head ; have a job ; pay your taxes , live by the rules AND LEARN THE LANGUAGE as all other immigrants have in the past — and LONG LIVE CANADA !
PART OF THE PROBLEM
Think about this :
If you do n’t want to forward this for fear of offending someone — YOU’RE PART OF THE PROBLEM !!!!
Will we still be the Country of choice and still be CANADA if we continue to make the changes forced on us by the people
from other countries that came to live in CANADA because it is the Country of Choice ??????
Think about it !
IMMIGRANTS , NOT CANADIAN’S , MUST ADAPT .
It is Time for CANADIANS to Speak up .
If you agree — pass this along ; if you do n’t agree — delete it !
[ Collected via e-mail , May 2007 ] Yep !
I am passing it on ..
I am sorry but after hearing they want to sing the National Anthem in Spanish – enough is enough .
No where did they sing it in Italian , Japanese , Polish , Irish ( Celtic ) , German , Portuguese , Greek , French , or any other language because of immigration .
It was written by Robert Stanley Weir and should be sung word for word the way it was written .
The news broadcasts even gave the translation — not even close .
Sorry if this offends anyone but this is MY COUNTRY — IF IT IS YOUR COUNTRY SPEAK UP — please pass this along .
I am not against immigration — just come through like everyone else .
Get a sponsor ; have a place to lay your head ; have a job ; pay your taxes , live by the rules AND LEARN THE LANGUAGE as all other immigrants have in the past — and LONG LIVE CANADA !
PART OF THE PROBLEM
Think about this :
If you do n’t want to forward this for fear of offending someone — YOU’RE PART OF THE PROBLEM !!!!
Will we still be the Country of choice and still be CANADA if we continue to make the changes forced on us by the people from other countries that came to live in CANADA because it is the Country of Choice ??????
Think about it !
IMMIGRANTS , NOT CANADIAN’S , MUST ADAPT .
It is Time for CANADA to Speak up .
If you agree — pass
This along ; if you do n’t agree — delete it !
[ Collected via e-mail , July 2006 ]
I am sorry , but after hearing they want to sing the National Anthem in Spanish — enough is enough .
No , where did they sing it in Italian , Japanese , Polish , Irish ( Celtic ) , Chinese , Portuguese , Greek , French , or any other language because of immigration .
It was written by Francis Scott Key and should be sung word for word the way it was written .
The news broadcasts even gave the translation — not even close .
Sorry if this offends anyone but this is MY COUNTRY — IF IT IS YOUR COUNTRY SPEAK UP — please pass this along I am not against immigration — just come through like everyone else .
Get a sponsor ; have a place to lay your head ; have a job ; pay your taxes , live by the rules AND LEARN THE LANGUAGE as all other immigrants have in the past — and GOD BLESS AMERICA !
PART OF THE PROBLEM
Think about this :
If you do n’t want to forward this for fear of offending someone — YOU’RE PART OF THE PROBLEM !!!!
Will we still be the Country of choice and still be America if we continue to make the changes forced on us by the people from other countries that came to live in America because it is the Country of Choice ??????
Think about it !
All we have to say is , when will they do something about MY RIGHTS ?
We ’ve gone so far the other way , bent over backwards to not offend anyone , that I am now being offended .
But it seems that no one has a problem with that .
This says it all !
This is an editorial written by an American citizen , published in a Tampa newspaper .
He did quite a job ; did n’t he ?
Read on , please !
IMMIGRANTS , NOT AMERICANS , MUST ADAPT .
I am tired of this nation worrying about whether we are offending some individual or their culture .
Since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , we have experienced a surge in patriotism by the majority of Americans .
However …
The dust from the attacks had barely settled when the “ politically correct ! ” crowd began complaining about the possibility that our patriotism was offending others .
I am not against immigration , nor do I hold a grudge against anyone who is seeking a better life by coming to America .
Our population is almost entirely made up of descendants of immigrants .
However , there are a few things that those who have recently come to our country , and apparently some born here , need to understand .
This idea of America being a multicultural community has served only to dilute our sovereignty and our national identity .
As Americans … we have our own culture , our own society , our own language and our own lifestyle .
This culture has been developed over centuries of struggles , trials , and victories by millions of men and women who have sought freedom .
We speak ENGLISH , not Spanish , Portuguese , Arabic , Chinese , Japanese , Russian , Greek , Polish , Italian , French , or any other language .
Therefore , if you wish to become part of our society , learn the language !
“ In God We Trust ” is our national motto .
This is not some Christian , right wing , political slogan .
We adopted this motto because Christian men and women … on Christian principles …
Founded this nation …
And this is clearly documented .
It is
certainly appropriate to display it on the walls of our schools .
If God offends you , then I suggest you consider another part of the world as your new home … because God is part of our culture .
If Stars and Stripes offend you , or you do n’t like Uncle Sam , then you should seriously consider a move to another part of this planet .
We are happy with our culture and have no desire to change , and we really do n’t care how you did things where you came from .
This is OUR COUNTRY , our land , and our lifestyle .
Our First Amendment gives every citizen the right to express his opinion and we will allow you every opportunity to do so !
But once you are done complaining …
Whining …
And griping … about our flag … our pledge … our national motto… or our way of life …
I highly encourage you to take advantage of one other Great American Freedom … THE RIGHT TO LEAVE .
It is Time for America to Speak up .
If you agree — pass this along ; if you do n’t agree — delete it .
The “ They want to sing it in Hindi ” rant is but a version of a May 2007 screed ( the second example quoted above ) decrying someone ’s desire to render Canada ’s anthem in Spanish , which itself is but a version of a July 2006 Internet - circulated polemic ( the third example quoted above ) decrying the singing of the U.S. anthem in Spanish .
The author of the original rant is unknown .
The item ’s claim that O Canada “ was written in English , and should be sung word for word the way it was written ” is a Canadianization of the claim made in the July 2006 piece about rendering the U.S. anthem in Spanish : “ It was written by Francis Scott Key and should be sung word for word the way it was written . ”
It ’s also woefully in error : O Canada was penned in French ( music by Calixa Lavallee , lyrics by Judge Adolph - Basile Routhier ) and was written and first performed in 1880 .
Difficulty in deriving and then gaining general agreement upon an appropriate translation of its lyrics into English plagued lyricists for many decades at the beginning of the 20th century .
According to Marlene Wehrle , head of the printed collection of the National Library ’s Music Division , more than 50 English - language versions of O Canada were created .
( The archive has the sheet music for most of them . )
The version on which the official English lyrics are based was written in 1908 by Justice Robert Stanley Weir .
Canadian Heritage ( an official web site of the Canadian government ) says about rendering O Canada in languages other than French or English that :
It is possible to translate the words of the national anthem in languages other than English or French ; it should be kept in mind , however , that this translated version will not have an official status .
As to how the 2010 Winter Olympics ( which will be held in Vancouver ) became associated with this string of evolving e-mails decrying someone ’s desire to sing the U.S. anthem in Spanish or the Canadian anthem in Spanish or Hindi , it is tied to Canadian broadcaster Bruce Allen ’s regaling his listening audience with his views on the behavior of immigrants to Canada during the 13 September 2007 airing of his show Reality Check .
Allen ’s remarks drew the ire of a number of listeners , prompting calls to have him removed from the air waves and / or the 2010 Olympic Winter Games Ceremonies team ( of which he is part ) .
Complaints were filed with Canadian Broadcast Standards Council , and a campaign to oust Allen from his Olympic position was launched .
Both failed : The Canadian Broadcast Standards Council ruled that Allen did not violate the Human Rights Clause of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters ’ code of ethics , and Allen remains a member of the 2010 Olympics Committee .
In November 2007 , a version of the evolving e-mail that invoked Bruce Allen and the 2010 Vancouver Olympics began landing in inboxes :
Our National Anthem – at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics Please read and forward to as many Canadians you can think of – thank you WE ARE PROUD CANADIANS Bruce Allen is on the 2010 Vancouver Olympic Committee and new Canadians ( specifically Hindi’s / Indian ’s ) want him fired for his recent comments outlined below : I am sorry , but after hearing they want to sing the National Anthem in Hindi at the 2010 Olympics - enough is enough .
Nowhere or at no other time in our Nation ’s history , did they sing it in Italian , Japanese , Polish , Irish ( Celtic ) , German , Portuguese , Greek , or any other language because of immigration .
It was written in English , adapted into French , and should be sung word for word the way it was written .
The news broadcasts even gave the Hindi version translation – which was not even close to our National Anthem .
I am not the least bit sorry if this offends ANYONE , this is MY COUNTRY ; My Grand Dad served in the military , other family members also served , as well as my wife & I served a combined total of 56 years between us .
We made many sacrifices for our country and do not feel we should feel obligated to allow invited people we ’ve welcomed with open arms to influence & change our society to better resemble the one they chose to leave to come here !!!
– IF YOU AGREE ABOUT THIS GREAT COUNTRY , SPEAK UP BEFORE ITS TOO LATE — please pass this along .
I am not against immigration .
In fact I believe we need more , my ancestors were immigrants — just come through like everyone else .
Get a sponsor ; a place to lay your head ; have a job ; pay your taxes , live by the rules AND LEARN THE LANGUAGE as all other immigrants have in the past — and LONG LIVE CANADA !’
It ’s time we all get behind Bruce Allen , and scrap this Political Correctness
His comments were anything but racist , however , there are far too many overly sensitive ‘ New Canadians ’ that are attempting to change everything we hold dear .
ARE you PART OF THE PROBLEM ???
Think about this :
If you do n’t want to forward this for fear of offending someone , will we still be the Country of Choice and Still be CANADA if we continue to make the changes forced on us by the people from other countries who have come to live in CANADA because it is the Country of Choice ??????
Think about it !
IMMIGRANTS , NOT CANADIAN’S , MUST ADAPT .
It ’s Time for CANADIANS to speak up ..
If you agree ?
Pass this along ; if you do n’t agree ?
Delete it and reap what you sow because of your complacency !
While the November 2007 version positions Bruce Allen as the author of the “ They want to sing the National Anthem in Hindi ” piece by stating that “ his recent comments [ are ] outlined below , ” he did not pen that item .
His actual remarks , the ones that landed him in hot water , were as follows :
I ’m Bruce Allen , this is CKNW and this is your Reality Check .
If I did n’t know any better , it would seem that there ’s been a lot of immigrant - bashing going on in the past few months .
A month ago , the Sikh community was all up in arms about Passport Canada refusing to issue passports to three Sikh kids because they were wearing religious headgear for the photos .
The children were wearing those handkerchiefs which are knotted at the top of the head to keep their hair intact .
That incident came on the heels of an immigration plan that was in the works to have Sikhs with the surname Singh or Khan to change those names so as to avoid administrative mistakes .
Too many Singhs , too many Khans , that was the problem .
And now we ’ve got a controversy over the fact that Elections Canada has said that it ’s all right to have burka - covered Muslim women vote in elections when it is very clear that voters have to be able to be identified when going to the polls .
All of these issues joined the list that contains the turban - wearing Mounties problem and the one where the motorcycle - rider was angry that he had to wear a helmet as it is impossible to get it on over his turban .
This is all very simple .
We have laws in this country .
They are spelled out and they ’re easy to get a hold of .
If you are immigrating to this country and you do n’t like the rules that are in place , then you have the right to choose not to live here .
But if you choose to come to a place like Canada , then shut up and fit in .
We are a democracy , but it seems more and more that we are being pilloried by special interest groups that just want to make special rules for themselves .
This is easy to solve .
These are the rules , there ’s the door .
If you do n’t like the rules , hit it .
We do n’t need you here .
You have another place to go ; it ’s called home .
See ya .
I ’m Bruce Allen and this is the Giant , CKNW NewsTalk 980 .
It ’s not uncommon for bits of various Internet - circulated polemics to be introduced into other “ soapbox ” pieces .
A part of the ever - evolving anthem screed shares the wording of another anti-immigration piece having to do with Pell Grants in the U.S. :
I am sorry but after hearing they want to sing the National Anthem in Spanish – enough is enough .
Nowhere did they sing it in Italian , Polish , Irish ( Celtic ) , German or any other language because of immigration .
It was written by Francis Scott Key and should be sung word for word the way it was written
The news broadcasts even gave the translation — not even close .
Sorry if this offends anyone but this is MY COUNTRY – IF IT IS YOUR COUNTRY SPEAK UP — please pass this along .
I am not against immigration — just come through like everyone else .
Get a sponsor ; have a place to lay your head ; have a job ; pay your taxes , live by the rules AND LEARN THE LANGUAGE as all other immigrants have in the past — and GOD BLESS AMERICA !
PART OF THE PROBLEM
Think about this :
If you do n’t want to forward this for fear of offending someone — YOU’RE PART OF THE PROBLEM !
It is Time for America to Speak up If you agree — pass this along , if you do n’t agree — delete it !
If the somewhat convoluted tale of how one Internet rant about the U.S. anthem being sung in Spanish became a rant about O Canada being sung in Hindi at the 2010 Winter Olympics has left you a bit out of breath and somewhat confused , here ’s a summary of the action :
July 2006 : Internet item decrying singing the U.S. national anthem in Spanish appears .
May 2007 : Item decrying singing the U.S. national anthem in Spanish appears as part of larger Internet - circulated item about Pell Grants and U.S. immigrants .
May 2007 : Item altered to decry singing the Canadian national anthem in Spanish .
June 2007 : Item altered to decry singing the Canadian national anthem in Hindi .
September 2007 : Bruce Allen , a Canadian broadcaster and member of the 2010 Vancouver Olympics committee , makes inflammatory remarks on air about the perceived attitude of Canadian immigrants .
November 2007 : The anthem item is altered to attribute its content to Bruce Allen , and the claim that O Canada will be sung in Hindi at the 2010 Winter Olympics is inserted .
will be sung in Hindi at the 2010 Winter Olympics is inserted .
No plans are ever afoot to render O Canada in Hindi at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics .
Yet the story does n’t end there — in March 2009 , a version appeared that decried “ they ” wanting to sing the Australian national anthem in Arabic .
( As is the custom , no further description of who this mysterious “ they ” might be was given . )
When it looked as if Dubai would go bust last month , making global financial markets swoon , its wealthy neighboring emirate stepped in and bailed it out with a $ 10 billion loan .
Unfortunately Dubai is n’t the only one teetering on the brink .
Greece is also in trouble ; so is Ireland .
Others could follow .
Unless the world ’s richest nations come to the rescue of weakened states , the global financial crisis might sprout another leg and stop the nascent recovery in its tracks .
Dubai created its problems .
The oil - poor emirate borrowed lavishly to pay for a construction binge , and went bust when its housing bubble imploded .
Other countries , like Greece and Ireland , are also suffering a hard landing from a decade of debt - fueled profligacy .
But there are also innocent bystanders who could be swept away by the financial tide .
Government budgets have been battered across the board by the global recession  reducing tax revenues as unemployment insurance and fiscal stimulus measures have increased expenditures .
This has reduced governments ’ options to fight the continued economic weakness .
The most immediately vulnerable countries are in the European Union .
Greece ’s budget deficit exploded as recession took its toll , leading to a downgrade of its credit rating and a collapse in the price of its bonds .
Ireland ’s economy is expected to contract 7.5 percent in 2009 , Italy ’s 5.1 percent and Spain ’s 3.8 percent .
This is a compelling case for the sounder European economies to come to the rescue of their poor neighbors .
Statements like the German finance minister ’s suggestion that Greece sink or swim alone amount to a shot in the European foot .
If Greece were to default on its debts , investors would run from other European countries with low growth and big debts  pushing some of the weaker ones into a crisis of their own .
Palin draws up a list of pesky bloggers , has their faces recognized by local cops and then ejects them from her last book tour stop .
The press , one should recall , threatens her First Amendment right to say anything and never get called on it .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
OTTAWA
N o one should be more concerned about this Prime Minister 's controlling methods than Conservatives .
Power so expediently abused in high office becomes a cruel constraint when an election is inevitably lost .
Stephen Harper understood that in opposition .
As a Reformer he preached the gospel of parliamentary primacy .
As a Conservative leader using memories of ethical failures from the Chrétien era to defeat Paul Martin , Harper promised , hand over heart , to restore accountability .
That , of course , was then .
Now the Prime Minister is singularly dominating national affairs .
As a new year begins , there will be no one here to ask annoying questions about war and spending or distract attention from the modern Roman circus of Olympic Games .
No watchdogs will howl at how Canadians are being denied the right to know what the ruling party is doing in their name and with their money ; what generals and ministers are n't saying about Afghanistan prisoner torture or how an unreformed RCMP polices much of the country without civilian oversight .
If there is a zone , a sweet spot , in federal politics , Harper is at its epicentre .
Cabinet is a rubber stamp , party principles are sacrificed to pragmatism without much protest , and there 's no credible alternative to threaten Harper 's hegemony or test a Conservative agenda .
Other prime ministers have explored the open space created by Parliament 's shrinkage .
Pierre Trudeau , who began the concentration of power among whispering loyalists , snapped " just watch me " when asked how far he would go to control the 1970 October Crisis .
Brian Mulroney
Tories created the wink - and - nudge contracting system that Liberals elevated into the Quebec sponsorship scheme .
Jean Chrétien became known as a more or less friendly dictator during three consecutive majorities .
Harper is still pursuing a first majority .
Meanwhile he 's constructing a bold new edifice on his predecessor 's suspect foundations .
Systematically , and without explanation , the Prime Minister is testing every limit on his power .
Along with successfully shuttering Parliament for the second time , he 's neutering committees charged with the primary democratic responsibilities of safeguarding the treasury and forcing the government to explain its actions .
He 's challenging independent rulings against how Conservatives funded their 2006 election and how this government treats Canadians in trouble abroad .
Politics is an uncompromising blood sport played to win within loose rules .
By learning Liberal dirty tricks , adapting to changing circumstances and reinterpreting every regulation in his favour , Harper is proving to be a shrewd and accomplished contestant .
Far less clear is what he accepts as legitimate constraint , the line in the democratic sand not to be crossed .
Last year ministers threatened to go over the head of the de facto head of state if Governor General Michaëlle Jean allowed a coalition of " Liberals , socialists and separatist " to use their Commons majority to topple his minority .
This winter Harper is essentially making the argument that Parliament is getting in the way of his government governing .
Come spring or fall , there will likely be another election , one that might well interfere with what the Prime Minister has in mind and could , if experience is a prognosticator , lead to yet another response outside the boundaries of shared Canadian experience .
Whatever happens in the coming months , one reality is inescapable .
In taking politics to a different , hyper - controlling and partisan level , the Prime Minister is creating a dangerous legacy his successors will gratefully accept before turning it to their benefit .
Even if Conservatives are more comfortable than other Canadians with Harper 's dark democracy , they along with the rest of us should be very afraid of what will happen when , as it will , the political worm turns .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
James Travers ' column appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
When Obama was campaigning he was a brilliant and inspiring speaker , but when he got to the White House , something changed , almost instantly .
Yes I was still supporting Obama ( still do ) , but somehow he seemed different , less bold , not the same inspiring man he was on the campaign .
Well I think I know what caused the change .
Rahm .
Rahm was not part of the campaign , he was n't there when Obama was on top of his game .
The time when Rahm started giving Obama advice is exactly the time when Obama 's star began to fall .
Today I discovered another piece of the puzzle .
According to an article in the Chronicle review , Rahm spent an entire chapter of a book that he co-wrote attacking Lakoff .
This is very bad .
George Lakoff is the one guy who tells Democrats how to stop making one of the biggest mistakes they made for years .
Lakoff taught Democrats how to not be boring .
He taught them how to speak clearly and persuasively .
And to shed the mistakes of horrid speakers like John Kerry .
And the Obama campaign used to listen to Lakoff .
I know this for a fact because when I meet an Obama campaign staffer in 2008 I gave him Lakoff 's book , and the staffer told me the campaign already had distributed Lakoff 's materials .
So lets just summarize what we know so far :
Leaders like Howard Dean told the Democratic party to study Lakoff , we did , then we started winning .
Whether Lakoff is one of the reasons we won or not is hard to prove , but those are the facts .
Then Obama 's people studied Lakoff , again they started winning .
Then Obama won , and took office with one of the highest approval ratings ever .
Then , Obama hired Rahm Emmanuel , one of Lakoffs biggest critics , as chief of staff .
And as soon as Rahm , the man who does n't believe in framing started to give advice , Obama 's approval started to drop and has so far not recovered .
Again this is only a correlation of data , I 'll have to let you judge if it is good or bad to have a man who vehemently rejects George Lakoff in the White House .
But I think Rahm is the problem .
I think Rahm has too much ego to admit that he did n't understand framing .
I think rather than admit he had made some mistakes , and learn from Lakoff , Rahm decided he already knew everything he needed to know , and attacked Lakoff .
And I Rahm is the biggest thing holding Obama back from being the great leader he was on the campaign .
Food for thought .
Here 's the original article from the August 15th Chronicle review which made me think of this :
[ Edited for copyright infringement - MB ]
A series of repeated break - in and computer hacking attempts at a Canadian climate research institute are a sign of a “ well - orchestrated campaign of harassment ” against climate researchers ahead of the Copenhagen summit , several news sources report .
Employees at the University of Victoria , in British Columbia , have revealed that the school ’s Centre for Climate Modelling has experienced at least two break - ins in recent months , as well as several attempts at hacking into the center ’s computer network .
ADVERTISEMENT
The news comes a week after revelations that computer hackers stole thousands of emails from a climate research center at the University of East Anglia in the UK , some of which purportedly show attempts to cover up data that does not fit with claims about global warming .
Those leaked emails are at the center of a political push - back by climate skeptics , who are arguing that the “ Climategate ” emails show that global warming is a fraud , or at least has been exaggerated .
Canada ’s National Post reports :
Andrew Weaver , a University of Victoria scientist and key contributor to the Nobel prize - winning work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , says there have been a number of attempted breaches in recent months , including two successful break - ins at his campus office in which a dead computer was stolen and papers were rummaged through .
“ The key thing is to try to find anybody who ’s involved in any aspect of the IPCC and find something that you can … take out of context , ” Mr. Weaver said , drawing a parallel to the case of British climate researcher Phil Jones , who was forced to step down this week after skeptics seized upon hacked emails they allege point to a plot to exaggerate the threat of climate change .
“ People do n’t like it , so they try to discredit it , and the way they try to discredit it is by attacking the individual responsible for it , ” Mr. Weaver said .
“ They went through my desk drawers , ” Weaver told the Victoria Times - Colonist .
“ It was bizarre and the only computer that was n’t secured was stolen .
It was n’t secured because it was broken .
There was nothing on it …
They were trying to find any dirt they could , as they have done in the UK . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Post reports that Canada ’s federal government is investigating some of the hacking attempts , as the university ’s climate research center is run by Environment Canada , the country ’s environmental protection agency .
In recent days , many US politicians opposed to a climate deal in Copenhagen have used the University of East Anglia email controversy to push for a US withdrawal from the climate negotiations .
US House Rep. James Sensenbrenner ( R - WI ) said the leaked emails showed that efforts to prevent climate change amount to “ scientific fascism . ”
On Thursday evening , former Alaska governor Sarah Palin urged President Barack Obama to boycott the Copnehagen summit next week , because she believes the leaked emails prove that fears of climate change are based on “ junk science . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Times - Colonist reports :
Weaver worries that climate - change deniers , many funded by large oil companies , are succeeding in scaring or confusing people .
It comes down to a battle between science and ideology , he said .
While science is about explaining all observations , ideology is about using only those observations that support a preconceived notion , he added .
Dutch inquiry finds Iraq war illegal
By Ann Talbot
22 January 2010
A Dutch commission of inquiry has concluded that the US - led 2003 Iraq war was illegal under international law .
The conclusion has far - reaching implications .
Potentially , it could open up leading politicians and military figures in the US and Britain to prosecution for war crimes .
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands set up the Davids Commission in order to avoid a full parliamentary inquiry into the Dutch role in the invasion of Iraq .
He headed the caretaker government at the time of the invasion and has rejected the report ’s findings .
The fact that a commission which was set up with the intention of producing a whitewash has had to come to such damning conclusions points to the weight of evidence that exists for the illegality of the war .
The attempt to maintain the lie that the war was legal is becoming increasingly difficult .
The Dutch report entirely rejects the central argument used to justify the actions of the British government and claim that there was a legal basis for the invasion .
“ The [ UN ] Security Council Resolutions on Iraq passed during the 1990s did not constitute a mandate for the US - British military intervention in 2003 , ” the report concludes .
“ Despite the existence of certain ambiguities , the wording of Resolution 1441 cannot reasonably be interpreted ( as the government did ) as authorizing individual Member States to use military force to compel Iraq to comply with the Security Council ’s resolutions , without authorization from the Security Council . ”
The report goes on : “ The Dutch government ’s often repeated view that a second resolution was ‘ politically desirable , but not legally indispensable ’ is not easy to uphold .
The wording and scope of Resolution 1441 cannot be interpreted as such a second resolution .
Hence , the military action had no sound mandate under international law . ”
Unlike the ongoing Chilcot inquiry in Britain on the war , the Dutch team included legal experts .
As Professor Philippe Sands QC , an expert on international law , has pointed out , their conclusion is significant for that reason :
“ There has been no other independent assessment on the legality of the war in Iraq and the findings of this inquiry are unambiguous .
It concludes that the case argued by the Dutch and British governments , including the then - attorney general , Lord Goldsmith , could not reasonably be argued .
“ This is the authoritative view of seven commissioners , including the former president of the Dutch Supreme Court , a former judge of the European Court of justice , and two legal academics . ”
The Dutch report will inevitably raise once again the question of the advice that Lord Goldsmith gave to the British government .
Elizabeth Wilmshurst , deputy legal adviser to the Foreign Office , resigned in March 2003 , claiming that Goldsmith had told lawyers at the Foreign Office that war against Iraq would be illegal .
According to leaked documents , Goldsmith told Blair in July 2002 that regime - change was “ not a legal basis for military action . ”
In March 2003 , Goldsmith warned Blair that he could be indicted under international law if he invaded Iraq without a second resolution .
But days later , just before the invasion began , he made a statement in the House of Lords in which he claimed that the war was legal .
Speaking at the Chilcot inquiry this week , Lord Trumbull , who was cabinet secretary at the time of the invasion , confirmed that Goldsmith had changed his mind about the legality of the war .
Trumbull attempted to lay the blame on Blair , who , he said , had “ bullied ” Goldsmith into backing the war .
Trumbull ’s behaviour was as thoroughly hypocritical as that of previous witnesses who have attempted to excuse their own actions , or inaction , and claim that Blair alone was responsible for an illegal war .
The British political establishment is becoming increasingly uneasy about the application of international law to them and to their allies .
That is why the government intends to bring in legislation that will override the principle of universal jurisdiction in Britain .
This follows the issue of an arrest warrant for former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni , who was due to visit Britain .
“ The government is looking urgently at ways in which the UK system might be changed to avoid this situation arising again , ” current attorney general Baroness Scotland assured an audience at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem last week .
“ Israel ’s leaders should always be able to travel freely to the UK . ”
Universal jurisdiction is the well established legal principle that some crimes can be tried outside of the boundaries of the country in which they were committed , if they can be considered crimes against humanity or war crimes .
It was expressed in the Nuremberg Trials of Nazi war criminals at the end of the World War II .
The Nuremberg judges concluded that the trials were “ not an arbitrary exercise of power on the part of victorious nations , ” but were “ the expression of international law . ”
This principle was confirmed by the United Nations in 1946 and it was expressed in the trial of Adolf Eichmann in Israel for his part in the Holocaust .
In 1998 , the House of Lords upheld the principle in the case of former Chilean president Augusto Pinochet , who had been arrested in London .
With regard to war crimes , the Geneva Conventions require signatory nations , such as Britain and the US , to pass the necessary laws and “ provide effective penal sanctions ” for persons “ committing , or ordering to be committed ” any “ grave breaches ” of the Conventions .
Crucially , Article 129 goes on to state that each signatory “ shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed , or to have ordered to be committed , such grave breaches , and shall bring such persons , regardless of their nationality , before its own courts . ”
Following the Davids Commission report , the Dutch government should therefore feel itself obliged to issue arrest warrants -- not only for Balkenende , but for Blair and his cabinet , as well as all the senior members of the Bush administration , including the former president .
Naturally , it has no intention of doing so .
But that is far from being the end of the matter .
In its modern form , universal jurisdiction is a democratic principle that arises historically from the bourgeois revolutions of the late 18th century , when it was established that sovereignty resides in the people and not the state .
It implies that no one is above the law and that a minister , civil servant or military officer cannot claim immunity from prosecution for crimes committed against humanity because he was acting on behalf of a state .
That is why individuals and groups can , at present , apply , as Palestinians have done in the UK , for an arrest warrant against even the most senior representative of a government or the armed forces .
This situation is becoming intolerable for the international league of war criminals who head the governments of the world ’s major powers .
It has led to repeated efforts to curtail universal jurisdiction by the US , Israel Belgium , Spain and now Britain .
In doing so , these governments and their representatives only place themselves more firmly on a collision course with the mass of the world ’s population , who continue to believe that those responsible for the crimes committed in Iraq , Afghanistan , Palestine and elsewhere must be brought to justice .
Ann Talbot
NATIONWIDE ACTION ALERT !
Life Sized Satanic Avatar Dolls Serve As Masturbation Toys For America's
Youth !
NATIONWIDE ACTION ALERT !
When Mr. Timothy Huxton * opened his son Timmy Jr's bedroom door , he was shocked to see his little boy 's innocent white hiney nestled into the 9ft Na'vi doll he bought himself for his son 's birthday .
Lately , many Americans have suffered similar incidents .
Young children are being seduced by the characters of James Cameron 's latest movie , " Avatar . "
The soothing voices of the Na'vi and their timid , childlike manners , seem to lure young teens into a world of lustful abandon .
Unsuspecting parents purchase a popular life - size doll , only to find out later that it is being used by their child as a masturbation toy .
Under the guise of family entertainment , Cameron 's " Avatar " movie has contaminated America 's youth with subliminal sexual innuendo . "
Pastor Deacon Fred of the Landover Baptist Church commented , " The liberal media tried to trick us by coloring the devils blue instead of red and giving them pointy ears instead of horns , but we 've caught on !
Praise Jesus ! "
" The demonic characteristics of the Na'vi become obvious when one pays close attention .
Their thick lips , suspicious hair styles , tight hind - sides and seductive tails , are all too noticeable to the Christ centered man , " says Pastor Deacon Fred .
Experts who have examined the giant dolls that have since become the favorite ' toy ' of 12 - 14 year old children , say that the evidence is overwhelming .
The dolls were created for the sole purpose of masturbation .
They have four openings , and five or six extrusions , making them compatible for male or female pleasure and the innocent curiosity of young teens .
Members of the Landover Baptist Church are outraged at the Satanic subtlety in which James Cameron 's marketing geniuses have moved these horrific abominations into the homes of America 's youth .
" One Mother was concerned that her young daughter was not interested in boys , " a Pastor noted .
" She asked her little girl , ' why do n't you talk about the cute boys at school ? '
Her daughter replied , 'oh momma , nobody I know has dark skin and a nice tail , so what use are they to me ? '
Her mother was horrified ! "
Landover Baptist Church finds that the only way to resolve this problem is to ban not only life sized Avatar dolls from American homes , but to ban any life sized doll .
Any child that has seen the movie , " Avatar , " is finding that their normal attraction to members of the opposite sex is being replaced with an attraction to 9 - 10 ft dark devils with with feet the size of elephants , thickened lips , flattened snouts , and a lubricated phallic tail that juts out like a hard erotic poker !
For the Love of God !
If you 've got one of these devils in your house , remove it as soon as possible !
* A Special thanks to Mr. Timothy Huxton for his long - suffering personal testimony .
After years of recovery , Mr. Huxton has been re-admitted to the Landover Baptist Hospital for the Saved and remains in stable condition after undergoing treatment for traumatic shock .
I feel as though the whole of the universe has been opened up to me lately .
The wind around here is blowing fiercely which only mirrors the radical changes that I am making in my life .
The force of which is unstoppable .
I can feel it in the very air that surrounds me .
As if it ’s supercharged and helping me battle through …an unwavering ally in this world .
I cant describe the very sense of the universe I feel every time I step outside my door .
TEL AVIV ( Reuters ) - Israeli police have detained a 60 - year - old self - styled Jewish sage on suspicion of incest and abuse of women and children they allege he kept like slaves in various homes around Tel Aviv .
Goel Ratzon was remanded in custody Tuesday , a police spokesman said after a gagging order was lifted Thursday .
Ratzon ’s lawyer said he denied all wrongdoing , adding that about 30 women and 60 children were involved with the accused , who police say exercised extreme power over his commune .
“ The evidence shows the suspect controlled his women with a firm hand , including their possessions and their money , ” said a police statement , which added that Ratzon had written a “ rule book ” for women he kept in “ conditions of slavery . ”
“ He would dictate what they could and could not do , limit their movements and impose sanctions and various punishments , including the use of violence if they refused to obey . ”
Among the more serious allegations , police said Ratzon was suspected of fathering children with some of his own daughters .
Police said 17 women and about 40 children were involved .
Several women who identified themselves as Ratzon ’s wives appeared in an Israeli television documentary aired last year .
“ He is the messiah everyone is talking about , ” one said .
“ He is already here and he has n’t been revealed yet .
The day he decides to reveal himself , the land will shake . ”
The women wore the heavy dress of Orthodox Jews and bore tattoos of the bearded , bespectacled Ratzon ’s face .
He was also interviewed , introducing several of his children , all of whom had names with variations on Goel -- Hebrew for “ redeemer . ”
“ I ’m perfect , ” Ratzon said in the documentary .
“ I have all the qualities a woman wants . ”
Ratzon ’s lawyer , Shlomtzion Gabai , said about 30 women and 60 children were linked to her client : “ As far as he is concerned , no sexual crimes have been committed , ” she told Israel Radio .
“ The women consented willingly to relations . ”
Neuroscientists at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) and their colleagues have tied the human aversion to losing money to a specific structure in the brain –the amygdala .
The finding , described in the latest online issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , offers insight into economic behavior , and also into the role of the brain 's amygdalae , two almond - shaped clusters of tissue located in the medial temporal lobes .
The amygdala registers rapid emotional reactions and is implicated in depression , anxiety , and autism .
The research team that made these findings consists of Benedetto de Martino , a Caltech visiting researcher from University College London and first author on the study ; Colin Camerer , the Robert Kirby Professor of Behavioral Economics ; and Ralph Adolphs , the Bren Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience and professor of biology .
The study involved an examination of two patients whose amygdalae had been destroyed due to a very rare genetic disease ; those patients , along with individuals without amygdala damage , volunteered to participate in a simple " experimental economics task . "
In the task , the subjects were asked whether or not they were willing to accept a variety of monetary gambles , each with a different possible gain or loss .
For example , participants were asked whether they would take a gamble in which there was an equal probability they'd win $ 20 or lose $ 5 ( a risk most people will choose to accept ) and if they would take a 50/50 gamble to win $ 20 or lose $ 20 ( a risk most people will not choose to accept ) .
They were also asked if they'd take a 50/50 gamble on winning $ 20 or losing $ 15 — a risk most people will reject , " even though the net expected outcome is positive , " Adolphs says .
Both of the amygdala - damaged patients took risky gambles much more often than subjects of the same age and education who had no amygdala damage .
In fact , the first group showed no aversion to monetary loss whatsoever , in sharp contrast to the control subjects .
" Monetary - loss aversion has been studied in behavioral economics for some time , but this is the first time that patients have been reported who lack it entirely , " says de Martino .
" We think this shows that the amygdala is critical for triggering a sense of caution toward making gambles in which you might lose , " explains Camerer .
This function of the amygdala , he says , may be similar to its role in fear and anxiety .
" Loss aversion has been observed in many economic studies , from monkeys trading tokens for food to people on high - stakes game shows , " he adds , " but this is the first clear evidence of a special brain structure that is responsible for fear of such losses . "
The work in the paper , " Amygdala damage eliminates monetary loss aversion , " was supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation , the Human Frontier Science Program , the Wellcome Trust , the National Institutes of Health , the Simons Foundation , and a Global Center of Excellence grant from the Japanese government .
Source : California Institute of Technology
Feb. 15 , 2010  -- James Anderson , whose wife Amy Bishop has been accused of the killing rampage at the University of Alabama - Huntsville , has a message for his wife : " I love her . "
" She 's barely holding up , " he told ABC affiliate WCVB - TV in Boston today .
" Nobody understands what happened .
Nobody knew .
Sit down and talk to her about what went wrong . "
Anderson said he did n't believe his wife -- a brilliant scientist who colleagues said had been upset about not receiving tenure -- was capable of finding out who her alleged victims were for retribution .
And when asked why she might have killed , if she did , he said , " I am not a psychologist .
Meanwhile , Anderson told The Associated Press that he and Bishop went to a shooting range just weeks before the killing , but said the family did not own a gun .
He said he is still baffled about where she may have gotten the gun she is accused of using .
" I feel for all these people , " he told ABC .
" I wish it had never came to this .
She was loved and respected by everyone , students and assistants .
All the nursing students liked and loved her . "
Bishop , 42 , has been arrested and charged in the shooting deaths of three professors and the wounding of three others Friday at a faculty meeting .
She could face the death penalty .
Anderson told the Chronicle of Higher Education that his wife had called from jail and said , " I know you guys are obviously in shock , " and asked if their four children had done their homework .
Before the shootings , he said , his wife had said nothing and he assumed their Friday " date night " was still on .
But a former colleague of Bishop 's has described her as " an oddball . "
Sylvia Fluckiger , a lab technician who worked with Bishop at Children 's Hospital in Boston , said her colleague was " socially a little awkward , " according to the Boston Globe .
Fluckiger and her husband Rudolph worked together at Children 's Hospital in the early 1990s where he was a researcher .
Bishop helped Rudolph Fluckiger write a research paper as a medical student .
More recently , some of Bishop 's students had mostly praise for the biology professor at the University of Alabama .
They gave her an overall 3.6 rating out of 5 on RateMyProfessors.com .
She was " absolutely the bomb !
Knows her stuff cold , and quick - witted , too . "
One commenter said she was " surprised " the Harvard graduate was " not a snob . "
" Dr. Bishop is brilliant , " another said .
" Her research is fascinating .
She will surely get the Nobel Prize .
She is the best teacher I have ever had . "
But another said that , although she graduated from Harvard , " she has very little common sense . "
The alleged violent past of the once respected University of Alabama professor accused of the fatal shooting rampage has stunned the families of her victims .
Sherry Foley , 63 , who lives in the same Alabama neighborhood as Bishop , was still in shock over her arrest .
" You can't believe that someone you know that lives just down the street can do something like this , " she said .
" It 's like with sex offenders .
You never really know what people are and they might be living right next to you . "
And news unearthed this weekend that Bishop had shot and killed her 18 - year - old brother , Seth Bishop , in 1986 , swirled .
Declared accidental at the time , Braintree , Mass. , police say they were never comfortable with the ruling .
Investigators also revealed that seven years later , Bishop was the prime suspect in a 1993 mail bombing attempt on a Harvard Medical School professor .
" I just feel angry , " LaTasha Davis , stepdaughter of shooting victim Maria Davis -- one of the dead -- told " Good Morning America " today .
" How did she even get a job working at the school when she had that type of background ? "
She was reportedly upset about being denied tenure at the school .
Husband Anderson told the Chronicle of Higher Education that one of her bosses had sent her negative e-mail they called " nastygrams . "
When she called him less than an hour after he dropped her off for the faculty meeting Friday , Anderson said , Bishop made no mention of the shootings and told him they were still on for their date night .
LaTasha Davis and her sister , Melissa Davis , told " Good Morning America " they believe Bishop was able to get a list of which professors did not vote in her favor for tenure and used it to plan the shooting .
Also killed , according to the Associated Press were , Gopi K. Podila , the chairman of the Department of Biological Sciences , and faculty member Adriel Johnson .
Melissa Davis said she had taken a class with Bishop and found her to be disorganized and prone to rambling .
" I remember thinking , ' I 'm glad I 'm not sitting in calculus or anything like that , ' " she said .
Melissa Davis said she hopes the shooting will lead to more thorough background checks for its faculty and staff .
" We both loved Maria and believe she never should have been killed like this , " she said .
Alabama Shooting Suspect Eyed in 1993 Mail Bombing Attempt
The Davis sisters remembered their stepmother as a calming presence in the house .
Maria Davis married their father after the girls ' mother died when they were teenagers .
" Maria came in with this gentle kind heart , " Melissa said , adding that she never left the house without telling her family that she loved them .
In contrast , Amy Bishop seemed to harbor anger and resentment .
Though investigators say they will not re-open the investigation into the 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor , those who worked with her at the time say it was terrifying .
" We were completely rattled -- it was the time of the Unabomber , " former co-worker Sylvia Fluckiger said of the two homemade pipe bombs that were sent to the professor 's house .
The bombs were later detonated by the bomb squad .
Once again , Bishop was never charged due to lack of evidence .
And , authorities , say the motive seemed to be eerily similar to the potential motive in the Alabama rampage -- Bishop was reportedly upset about a negative evaluation she was expecting to get from the targeted professor .
Fluckiger , who worked with Bishop at a research lab , said she remembered Bishop and the professor having a disagreement .
" I just know there was an argument ... that the police questioned her , " Fluckiger said .
" She had told me they talked to her about those bombs .
She had like a grin on her face . "
Investigators said that during the investigation into the bombing , they found a novel on her computer that described a scientist who had shot her brother and then sought redemption .
But , even cynical types like us have to admit that sometimes this stuff can get downright creepy .
We 're not going to bullshit you .
Look hard enough , and you can find " amazing " coincidences anywhere .
With a whole universe to work with , sometimes the stars are going to align just right .
6 A Terrifyingly Accurate Prediction by Edgar Allan Poe
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In 1838 , future horror - god Edgar Allan Poe released a book called The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket , his only full novel .
The book was such a bomb that Poe eventually agreed with his critics that it was " a very silly book " ( yet still good enough to inspire heavyweights like Jules Verne and Herman Melville to write Moby Dick and An Antarctic Mystery - - yes , Poe was a badass ) .
PIMP .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Where it Gets Weird :
Poe did a Blair Witch thing with his novel , which claimed to be based on true events .
This turned out to be a half - truth :
The real life events simply had not happened yet .
One scene in The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket visits a whaling ship lost at sea , taking with it all but four crewmen .
Out of food , the men drew lots to see who would be eaten , the unfortunate decision landing on a young cabin boy named Richard Parker .
Before fathering Spider - Man and being double - crossed by the Red Skull !
Editor 's note : Change that .
You 're an idiot .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Forty - six years later , there was an actual disaster at sea involving the Mignonette .
It became famous due to the legal consequences of some gruesome events on board , specifically the way the men drew lots and decided to eat their cabin boy ...
Where it Gets Even Weirder :
... who was named Richard Parker .
Eamex , a Japanese company , claims to have figured out how to greatly increase the lifespan of the high - capacity lithium - ion batteries that run hybrids and electric vehicles .
Advertisement
The new batteries can supposedly survive 10,000 charge cycles and 20 years , which is quite a bit better than what we 've got now .
How do they work ?
The main idea is to stabilize the electrodes and prevent the deterioration of tin , making the batteries withstand repeated charges .
The batteries have a negative electrode that incorporates a tin-coated resin and accumulates lithium ions coming from the positive electrode .
The positive electrode is made of silicon and tin and swells while generating the ions .
As a result , the repeated charging and discharging causes the binding between particles in the tin to weaken , but Eamex 's technology helps to effectively maintain the bonding among those particles .
Advertisement
Neat !
If the tech lives up to the claims , we should see these guys in electric vehicles within a few years .
[ CrunchGear ]
Letter from Berlin Germany Confronts the Meaning of War
For years , Germans were just fine thinking of Afghanistan as merely a reconstruction effort -- and their political leaders were happy to keep that misconception alive .
But since the bombing in Kunduz that killed several civilians , all of that has changed .
Now the country is being forced to admit to itself that it 's at war .
Hundreds of vehicles were stuck on the 710 Freeway in Long Beach this afternoon in rain - caused floods , authorities said .
Firefighters responded this afternoon to the 710 Freeway between Ocean Boulevard and 6th Street , said Long Beach Fire Department Battalion Chief Frank Hayes , attempting to remove hundreds of vehicles that were floating in standing water .
Other rain - related flooding was reported throughout Long Beach , Hayes said , including several intersections that were blocked with floating vehicles .
Flooding and loose boats were reported throughout Sunset Beach and Huntington Harbor , he said .
A KCAL television news report showed footage of a sport-utility vehicle that flipped over in Sunset Beach by the storm .
Sheriff ’s deputies were responding to reports that a tornado or waterspout had touched down near Anderson Street and Pacific Coast Highway , lifting several catamarans 30 feet to 50 feet in the air , according to Orange County Sheriff ’s Department spokesman Jim Amormino .
Witnesses reported seeing a tornado touch down in Sunset Beach this afternoon and lift boats out of the water as it came onshore , sheriff ’s officials said .
A new storm with tornado - like strength pounded the Southern California coast this afternoon , flipping a car , causing major street flooding , damaging homes and stranding motorists .
The Los Angeles Police Department has called a tactical alert and is evacuating homes in San Pedro .
The department has also shutdown an area between Pacific and Gaffey and 4th and 7th streets hit by the worst of the flood .
Officials say a lightning strike hit the Conoco refinery , causing a small fire .
The National Weather Service has canceled a tornado warning for Los Angeles County , but a warning remains for Orange County .
Officials are assessing the damage from the storm , which slammed into the coast .
Major street flooding was reported in San Pedro and Long Beach .
In Huntington Beach , the beaches were mostly empty while waves surged , lightning struck and wind reached gusts of 52 miles per hour .
The gusts topped 72 mph in Newport Beach .
The storm was accompanied by rain , lightning , hail , ice and high waves .
Officials are worried about mudslides in burn areas in L.A. and Orange counties as the new storm hit the mountain areas .
Piers along the Southern California coast were being closed today as huge waves surged onto beaches and harbors with a rainstorm that is expected to bring wind , thunder and lightning .
Ventura police closed the city 's nearly 2,000 - foot wooden pier this morning as a precaution ; no damage was reported .
But huge waves crashed near beachfront homes .
" We 're expecting some pretty big surf , " said Sgt. Jack Richards .
Lifeguards also closed the Hermosa Beach Pier and were in the process of closing the Manhattan Beach pier , according to Los Angeles County lifeguards .
The National Weather Service issued an urban and small stream flood advisory for Los Angeles and Ventura counties .
A high surf advisory is in effect through Friday and the National Weather Service has issued a coastal flood watch starting tonight through late Wednesday , saying very large surf combined with strong wind is expected to push water into low - lying areas during high tide .
The largest waves will appear Wednesday and Thursday , when breakers could reach as high as 25 feet .
" The surf is very large , " said Capt .
Mike Patterson of the Los Angeles County Fire Department 's Lifeguard Division , overlooking 15 - foot waves at the Hermosa Beach pier , where gates were locked this morning .
" It 's another facet of the weather . "
A second in a series of four storms is sweeping across Southern California today , prompting power outages and fears of mud flows in hillsides stripped of vegetation because of recent wildfires .
Rain should turn into heavy showers with thunder , lightning and gusty winds by this afternoon and evening , dumping between ¾ and 1 ½ inches , according to forecasters .
The storm could bring hail and weak , isolated tornadoes inland and off the coast .
" It 's a fast mover with gusty winds behind it , so it should be out of the area before midnight , " said Stuart Seto , a weather specialist with the National Weather Service in Oxnard .
Authorities are urging caution during the afternoon commute , when the brunt of today 's storm is expected to hit .
They are also warning people to stay inside during the lightning and thunder .
" If you hear it roar , go indoors , " Seto said .
-- Paloma Esquivel in Orange County , Cathleen Decker and Ruben Vives in Long Beach , Andrew Blankstein and Tony Barboza in Los Angeles
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
San Diego mayor cites ' prejudice ' in earlier opposition to gay marriage
Man ordered to stand trial in Ryan Seacrest stalking case
Proposal to build 13 - story tower next to the Grove raises traffic concerns
San Onofre siren wakes nearby residents , turns out to be false alarm
Schwarzenegger 's effort to release 40,000 prisoners put on hold by Supreme Court
Second storm moving into Southern California could bring mudflows , more power outages
L.A. City Council gives preliminary approval to pot ordinance requiring 1,000 - foot buffer zones
DUBAI — The development of the Great Britain island on Dubai's " The World " project has been thrown into doubt as its owners languish in jail awaiting trial for allegedly bouncing a check worth more than 200 million dirhams ( $ 54.4 million ) .
London - born businessman Safi Qurashi and his business partner Mustafa Nagri , bought the Great Britain island in May 2008 for $ 60 million at the height of Dubai 's boom through their property company Premier Real Estate Bureau .
The ...
A gifting economy is different from a barter or market economy in that valuable items are given away to those that need them , without any quid pro quo , exchange , or payment .
Gifting economics ( lots of great papers on this topic ) were / are the economic heartbeat of hunter - gatherer tribal cultures , the social organization where we spent 99 % of our time as homo sapiens sapiens .
Barter was , in contrast , a mechanism for economic interactions between tribes .
This gifting economic system was n't based on pure altruism .
It did have an enforcement mechanism to ensure compliance with the system over the longer term .
On the positive side , there was an intangible increase in the social status ( using personal or societal metrics ) of a tribal member that gifted an item .
On the negative , a failure to offer hospitality or gifts to those in need was considered a mortal slight that could incite violence or expulsion from the tribe .
There were also a considerable number of drivers for gifting at the tribal level .
Here are some :
The survival of the tribe , as a group , was more important than the survival of any individual .
However , the loss of any individual could put the tribe at risk .
The generation of surplus and innovation was highly uncertain .
Sharing reduced that uncertainty to manageable levels .
Sharing reduced internal friction that could put the tribe at risk .
Scalability
It 's pretty clear that the societal drivers of tribal gifting economics and the mechanisms of enforcement did n't survive the transition to a global social system composed of billions of members .
Simply , the connections between any two individuals ( outside of immediate familial relationships ) are too abstract for these drivers and enforcement mechanisms to be relevant .
As a result , market based mechanisms for economic interaction have gained dominance .
However , the ongoing shift of the global market - based economy from a trade in rival goods ( tangible items that invoke zero sum economics ) to digital non-rival goods ( items that can be copied at no expense or diminishment , endlessly ) provides a window of opportunity .
It may be possible to revive gifting economics for non-rival goods to amazing beneficial effect .
Some ideas on how this could scale :
Michael Dlouhy
The # 1 Business - Building Tool
In Network Marketing !
Ever wonder why one person succeeds and another fails in MLM ?
Or why someone has massive success in a company , then leaves , goes someplace else , and never , ever again duplicates that success ?
Or why some people spend 5 , 10 , even 20 years in network marketing with NO success ... yet they never quit , either !
Or how an industry that does so many things so wrong can still be so popular ...
This Tool Can Change Your Life
On December 12 , 2004 , our team released the ebook " Success In 10 Steps " , the story of what we have learned from 26 years in MLM .
The feedback has been astonishing .
People say , " I could have written that book !
That was my story .
Why did you steal my story ?
How could you know exactly what I went through ? "
Back in 1991 , my mentor was making full - time income from MLM .
He retired from that company and actually joined over 100 network marketing companies in the next few years , to figure out how this industry really works : the good , the bad , the ugly .
Here 's what he did :
Got on dozens of company conference calls Organized & categorized companies , products , compensation plans , distributor kits , & marketing materials to compare each company with all the others Studied their business models , to understand what kind of behavior certain business models drove Studied how different " upline gurus " trained ( or did not train ) their people
This process answered all the mysteries .
It also revealed some valuable , valuable
secrets about network marketing .
Example # 1 : The hard - driving , closing salesperson is about 8 % of the population .
And those 8 % have convinced the other 92 % that the 8 % are right and the 92 % are wrong .
How did they do that ?
Because that is what they DO .
It works for them , so they have total confidence that they are right , and when you feel their confidence , you KNOW they must be right , so you do what they tell you .
Ninety - two percent of the world 's population is sales - resistant .
They do not like to be sold , and they do not want to become that pushy , aggressive salesperson that nobody likes .
Yet when they join MLM , some upline leader tells them , " Make a list of your friends and family .
Call them up .
Get 'em into the business .
You need to hear 100 ' No 's for every ' Yes ' .
Guess what ?
It still only works for the 8 % .
If you let them mesmerize you , you can wander aimlessly in the " failure " desert for years ... maybe forever .
The Choice Is Yours
You can't become something you hate in order to be successful .
This model works for the 8 % who are real salespeople .
It 's a disaster for the rest of us ... a very bad business model .
Example # 2 : Every person on the planet has to be educated in the skills of what they 're doing .
Whether you 're a doctor , carpenter , plumber , ditchdigger ... whatever you are ... you 've got to be taught the skills of that business .
And what " Success In 10 Steps " does for people is , it gets them to realize , " It 's not your fault !
The people teaching you did n't know any better .
They were n't bad people .
They were n't lying to you intentionally .
They just did not know any other way to do the business . "
Do you think you can wake up one morning and say , " I 'm going to be a doctor ! "
And you go down and join a company , get a distributor kit for 50 bucks , and you 're a doctor ?
Of course not .
That 's ludicrous .
How about a carpenter ?
No way .
You have to learn pitches and square and level and plumb .
You have to be taught the skills .
Yet people get in network marketing , and they 're told , " Call your friends & family . "
It 's the biggest fallacy in the industry .
Network marketing is not a sales business .
It 's a teaching & mentoring business .
When you build people , people will build your business .
Those upline guru leaders will tell you , " Well , you did n't make enough phone calls .
You 're a loser .
If it 's to be , it 's up to me . "
Have you heard all that stuff ?
I 'll bet you 've believed it , too , have n't you ?
Why This Ebook Is Such a Hot Tool
For Building Your Business
So the ebook really opens people 's eyes to the fact that they 've been lied to .
You must do your business with people who WANT to be in business with you .
You have to sell product to people who LOVE the product and want to buy it .
That only comes through target marketing .
We learned early - on about target marketing .
Only talk to people who have raised their hand and want what you have .
Well , guess what ?
EVERY person who downloads " Success In 10 Steps " is trying to figure out why MLM is not working for them .
When you call them up , they could be in a company already .
They could be working the business for a year or two or 5 , 7 , 10 years .
But why would they download that ebook ?
They 're divulging some critical information .
The business is not working for them .
They want to figure out what the problem is .
And they 're looking to you for help .
THAT is the basis of a long - term relationship , and THAT is the effect you can create with " Success In 10 Steps . "
See for yourself .
Download your copy now :
Light Food Done Good
Low fat , healthy food that does n't use substitutions or skimp on flavour !
Our recipes have been calculated using the Weight Watchers Points system , and they really work in helping you lose weight in an enjoyable way !
IT ’S one thing to favor clean energy and to want to reduce your carbon footprint .
It may be quite another to put together enough cash to buy energy - efficient products like hybrid cars or electricity - efficient refrigerators  or to pay for an all - out home energy upgrade .
But help is at hand .
Thanks to new and expanded tax credits included in the federal stimulus package , certain energy - saving purchases may be more affordable for some taxpayers .
In his State of the Union address last month , President Obama said that these incentives were meant to spur demand for energy - saving products , to help expand green industries , to create jobs and to keep the United States competitive .
While perhaps appreciating these loftier goals , many taxpayers are also likely to find the potential reduction of their tax bill very appealing .
Not only do these tax breaks offer bigger savings when compared with those of previous years , but some people can use them to offset the alternative minimum tax for 2009 .
Still , the 2010 rules for the A.M.T. are not yet clear , and it may still be hard to calculate when , or if , an energy - efficient purchase is paying for itself .
Favorite Answer
NATRIUM MURATICUM in 200 taken for three days once a day from the day the woman 's period ends , is said to work as a birth control remedy .
Though I have no previous experience of this , it was suggested by an Indian Homoeopathic Practitioner Ram Lal Gupta in his book .
And contrary to the belief what a previous answerer has suggested that Homoeopathy is from some medieval times :o)
Homoeopathy is about 200 years old and is the New School of Smart Medicine which Cures 100 % , without any side effects or complications , and it defies the so called scientific approach as to how it works . :o )
Take care and God Bless you
" It 's no longer enough to change our light bulbs .
We need to change our culture . "
So says Erik Assadourian , senior researcher at the Worldwatch Institute and project director of a provocative and timely new book called 2010 State of the World : Transforming Cultures from Consumerism to Sustainability .
Its argument is simple :
The most important driver of the world 's ecological crises , including climate change , is not venal oil or coal companies or indifferent politicians but western consumer culture -- that is , us .
Global consumption has grown dramatically since World War II , reaching $ 30.5 trillion in 2006 , up sixfold since 1960 .
This is , in part , a very good thing -- billions of people have emerged from poverty -- but today 's prevailing consumption patterns are , quite simply , unsustainable .
The rich ( meaning you and me ) are the worst offenders but ecologists say that even at income levels that we think of as substandard -- say , $ 5,000 or $ 6,000 per person per year -- people are consuming at rates that will deplete the earth 's resources , cause catastrophic climate change , wipe our species and generally trash the only planet we have .
About a third of the world 's people live above this standard , and the others , presumably , aspire to do the same .
This is not a message that either business or mainstream environmental groups want you to hear , which is why you do n't hear it often .
Most businesses , though not all of then , are in the business of persuading people to consume more .
They shaped the consumer culture .
And enviros have found that telling their members and donors to buy less stuff is a downer , and not an effective fund - raising message , especially among the well - to - do .
But , as Assadourian said during a conference call with reporters , consumer culture is not only causing environmental havoc , it 's often failing to deliver the well - being that it promises .
Most people understand -- and psychological studies of happiness confirm -- that after we have achieved basic economic security ( itself a cultural norm ) , what really makes us happy are close relationships , meaningful work , connections to community and good health .
You can't buy those things at the mall .
" Two centuries of intentional cultivation of consumerism has led to us seeing it as perfectly natural to define ourselves primarily by what and how much we consume , " he said .
Consumerism is so embedded in our culture today that , most of the time , it 's as invisible as the air we breathe .
Here 's how Assadourian explained the oft - hidden impact of culture on our lives :
The fact that we see it as normal to be able to identify hundreds of brand logos and jingles , while few of us can identify more than a few species of wild plants and animals -- that 's culture .
The fact that we feed our children diets high in sugars , fats , and processed ingredients , even when we know this is making them fat and sick -- that 's culture .
The fact that when loved ones die a ritual intended to lay them to rest requires injecting them with toxic chemicals and sealing their bodies up in expensive and ecologically costly caskets -- that 's culture .
And the fact that we spend thousands of dollars each year on pets that we now see as part of the family , buying them food , toys , even health care that 's better than many people in the world can afford -- that 's culture .
It 's all true , if mildly depressing .
The Independent newspaper quoted one critic who said people need to be persuaded of the benefits of tackling climate change , rather than be presented with a " defeatist and doomsday scenario . "
So how do we get from here to where we need to go ?
" The good news , " Assadourian went on , " is that we can replace our consumer culture with a culture of sustainability . "
How , exactly , is n't entirely clear .
The Worldwatch book is a useful place to start -- it includes contributions from about 50 writers and thinkers , including Muhammad Yunus , the 2006 Nobel laureaute , who wrote the foreword , and such cultural critics and analysts as Juliet Schor , Michael Shuman and John DeGraaf .
Ray Anderson of Interface ( who I blogged about here ) co-authored a chapter on how business cultures can adapt to a culture of sustainability .
Actually , if you look around , it 's easy to see green shoots , albeit very small ones , that could grow into a culture of sustainability .
The Great Recession has revived the virtues of thrift and frugality ( although the just - concluded Christmas shopping season was n't bad at all . )
Governments are created " choice architectures " to promote CFL bulbs and discourage plastic bags .
School lunches are slowly getting healthier , at least in Britain , Rome and Grenoble , France , according to a chapter of the book titled Rethinking School Food : The Power of the Public Palate .
Religious leaders could , in theory , lead this cultural revolution and , in fact , some are stepping forward .
A group called Interfaith Power & Light is organizing churches and synagogues to coordinate a religious response to global warming .
As the Worldwatch Institute reported on its Transforming Cultures blog , Pope Benedict used his annual New Year 's addresses to talk about care for the environment , writing :
... the issue of environmental degradation challenges us to examine our life - style and the prevailing models of consumption and production , which are often unsustainable from a social , environmental and even economic point of view ..
Who knows ?
If advertising and media sold us on the value of consumerism , maybe the same tools can be used to sell us on the value of a more sustainable culture .
Jonah Sachs , creative director of Free Range Studies , who cowrote a chapter in the book called " From Selling Soap to Selling Sustainability : Social Marketing , " noted during the conference call that the tools of advertising are now low - cost and ubiquitous .
" People can find stories that appeal to them , share them with their friends and create explosive and cheap campaigns , " Sachs said .
Social marketing , he writes , has helped discourage smoking , promote seat belt use and raise awareness about obesity .
If advertising and marketing helped create consumerism in just a few decades , social marketers could undermine it .
More to come on this topic , which deserves more attention .
For now , if you have n't seen it , check out the opening of activist Annie Leonard 's video The Story of Stuff , which was made by Free Range Studios and has been viewed by more than 7 million people and translated into 10 languages since it was released on the Internet a couple of years ago .
You can find the rest here .
RICHMOND , Va. , Jan. 17 ( UPI ) --
A representative for the family of Edgar Allan Poe said the body of the late U.S. author should not be moved from Baltimore despite claims to the contrary .
The Baltimore Sun said Sunday while some individuals have called for Poe 's remains to be relocated to a U.S. city other than Baltimore , a man whose great - grandfather was the late author 's cousin rejected such claims Saturday .
Advertisement
" In the spirit of fairness , the family simply cannot agree to move the body just yet , " Harry Lee Poe said in Richmond , Va .
Baltimore , Boston and Richmond are among the cities laying claim to the legacy of Poe , given the author was born in Boston , raised in Richmond and died in Baltimore on Oct. 7 , 1849 .
While the Poe family representative voiced opposition to relocating the body of " The Raven " author , Poe House curator Jeff Jerome said no firm position was offered regarding what city has rightful claim to the Poe legacy .
" If they want to shy away from a dialogue about this , that 's certainly their prerogative , " Jerome told the Sun .
" I 'm pleased that they came to the conclusion they did about the body .
Poe died in Baltimore , and he should stay here . "
Two bike messengers saved the day for a Los Angeles man Monday when they chased a bike thief for five blocks downtown and then knocked him to the ground , causing him to flee , police said .
Jesus Tobar , 43 , said he was working out at 24 - Hour Fitness in the 500 block of Flower Street in downtown Los Angeles when he emerged to find his green Iron Horse Desperado Mountain Bike gone .
Tobar returned to the gym to ask if there was any security surveillance video .
But two bike couriers had seen his $ 500 bike being taken and had already set off after the thief .
The couriers pedaled through downtown at high speed on a chase that traversed sidewalks and busy streets , said LAPD Cmdr.
Andrew Smith .
Eventually , one of the messengers was able to grab the thief 's shirt and pull him to the ground .
The man then took off on foot and the couriers reclaimed the bike .
" This was a wild , high - speed bicycle chase through crowded streets of the Jewelry Mart , " Smith said .
" We are now looking for a 30 - year - old man with a torn shirt , a possibly sprained ankle , as well as road rash . "
Hi every one it ’s around twelve or so in the evening and I thought I would come up in my office and tap the keys as they say and talk with you about your MLM home business .
Many of you out there right now have big dreams as to where you want your MLM home business to go .
You believe that in order to make money you have to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars building your business .
In fact I bet there are a lot of you that have invested money in newspaper ads to get prospects to your web sites .
You have even hit up family and friends to be your next get out of the dump free cards .
So what ’s next once those avenues are all used up then do you start thinking of paying for leads .
Well first let me be brutally honest with you if you are in a MLM business that asks you to advertise through the paper or ask family or friends to join or even asks you to buy leads then you are in the wrong MLM business .
That ’s right I said it your in the wrong business and you will never see the big ticket benefits or your dreams come true .
The reason is none of those things work family and friends are unreliable sources to keep in your business month after month .
Paying for lead names from some mailing list is just ridicules .
Because if the people did not or even would not call you what makes you think one phone call to them will make them just jump in to your boat and sail it to oblivion .
When they have no idea as to who you are or why you are calling interrupting their nights brain freeze time .
The fact is most people check their brain at the door once they get home from a hard day at the office .
They are occupied with getting the kids fed and settled down possibly thinking about what restaurant to order a pizza pie from .
Most people have set their phones to the answering machine .
So nine chances out of ten when they hear you start to ramble about who you are or what you are about .
To someone who has not requested or called you as to information .
Your words are zapped to the cosmos of deletion .
Paid Mailing or phone leads lists are just that names gathered from unreliable sources that have no power to take you to success .
The first fact you need to wake up to when starting a true successful home business is that you have to be truthful to a fault and anything else just will not do .
You have to have something that sells people not you selling them .
That means removing lies and self from the picture .
You can not have an idea as to promoting some sort of information people just are not looking for or can use in their lives .
If you do not have a real product or something they can hold in their hands .
Then what you have is a SCAM .
I heard a promotion for data gathering .
These people are trying to get other people to illegally copy peoples License Plates down .
Then sell them to a company at supposedly two bucks a pop .
However that ’s not all they are encouraging people to get others to do the same thing .
All with out questioning where or what peoples information will be used for !
People this program reeks of SCAM !
And identity theft !
Remember if it sounds to good to be true it is .
The thing is if you truly are looking to start a real MLM
Home business you need people to come to you not the other way around .
That ’s why if you are struggling to make heads or tails of MLM home business you have to check out Success in ten steps .
The ebook is a free download that will save you years of failure and frustration and huge amounts of money .
It the key to the next step and the beyond as to making your MLM home business what you want it to be a success for now and the future .
Please check out our link no the right side of the page .
Mark Cowell
Driver fined for blowing his nose ... by same PC who ticketed man for dropping £ 10
When motorist Michael Mancini found himself stuck in a queue of traffic with a runny nose , he instinctively reached for his hankie .
However , the simple act of pulling out a tissue and blowing his nose earned him a £ 60 on - the - spot fine because he was ' not in proper control of his vehicle ' .
Policeman Stuart Gray , nicknamed PC Shiny Buttons for his zealous approach to the job , also handed out three points - even though Mr Mancini had his handbrake on .
Shocked : Michael Mancini was given a £ 60 fine for blowing his nose while at the wheel of his van
Now Mr Mancini , a 39 - year - old father - of - two , faces a potentially expensive legal battle to clear his name after vowing not to pay the fine .
He is the latest victim of PC Gray , who is no stranger to controversy .
A few months ago , the officer issued a £ 50 fixed penalty for littering to unemployed Stewart Smith , who accidentally dropped a £ 10 note in the street as he left a shop .
Last night Mr Mancini spoke of his disbelief at his experience .
' I was just completely gobsmacked , ' the furniture restorer said .
' I thought it was some kind of Beadle 's About moment - a wind - up .
' I made sure it was safe .
The traffic was nose to tail in the high street .
' We came to a complete stop and I thought that was quite a good time to blow my nose .
' I stopped the van and put the handbrake on .
The traffic moved on and I was waved across by an officer .
' I still had the tissue in my hand and was stunned when he said I was getting a fixed - penalty notice .
Surely it would have been more dangerous to drive with a blocked nose ?'
Offbeat : Mr Mancini has vowed to go to court after PC Stuart Gray , known as PC Shiny Buttons for his officious approach , handed him the penalty notice
He faces a trial at Ayr District Court over the alleged traffic offence in the town in October .
His solicitor , Peter Lockhart , wrote to the procurator fiscal on January 18 , explaining the circumstances .
A day later Mr Mancini received a letter warning him that if he continued to refuse to pay the fine he would be ordered to go to court .
Mr Lockhart said : ' In the letter we sent I said , " it should have been obvious to the officers what was going on and it beggars belief a ticket was issued " .
Not in proper control of vehicle : Michael Mancini's parking ticket
' I also wrote , " we cannot see , given the circumstances of this case , that it is in the public interest " . '
Mr Lockhart - said he was waiting to hear if a court date has been set but added : ' We will be pleading not guilty and will fight it all the way . '
Last night , a police source said : ' Total nonsense like this is the very opposite of good policing .
This officer is known as PC Shiny Buttons for his lack of common sense approach to the job .
' It is supposed to be about serving and protecting the public - not embarking on some petty power trip . '
Strathclyde Police confirmed : ' A 39 - year - old man is the subject of a report to the procurator fiscal in connection with an alleged traffic offence on October 26 .'
The case echoes that of salesman Keith Pemberton , from Cheshire , who was also fined £ 60 and given points for eating a sandwich at the wheel in March 2007 .
In 2008 , Ediri Tsekiri was fined £ 60 and given points in Liverpool for not being in control of her vehicle .
She was also eating a sandwich .
Gary Saunders was stopped in the same city for laughing while driving last March .
By Hannah Richardson
BBC News education reporter
The lack of concentration in lectures was blamed on tiredness University students have average attention spans of just 10 minutes and many miss lectures because of the need for part - time jobs , research suggests .
Many are ill - prepared for both learning and living a modern university life , the survey of 1,000 students claims .
A quarter struggle to manage money and to live independently , says the survey for the technology firm Olympus .
Nearly half of students feared they would finish with high debts and no jobs , according to the study .
The survey suggested that when it came to adjusting to student life , money and lectures were the biggest hurdle .
' Deadlines missed '
The average length of time a student could concentrate for in lectures was 10 minutes , according to the survey carried last month .
And a third blamed lack of sleep and being overworked for this .
Many students had been forced to take up part - time work to make ends meet .
Among the students surveyed , 13 % admitted to missing up to five hours of lectures a week , while 17 % said they had to prioritise their part - time jobs over lectures to be able to support themselves .
Many said their work had been affected by taking a job , with 21 % finding they were struggling to complete their work on time .
Meanwhile one in 10 said they feared their university degree would be a waste of money , with almost a quarter believing they will not stand out to employers once the graduate .
National Union of Students president Wes Streeting said : " Given that students are graduating with record levels of debt , and job prospects are at an all - time low , it is no surprise that so many are having to take on part - time work which is adversely affecting their studies . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PHOENIX ( AP ) —
Ten thousand immigrant rights advocates marched in front of a county jail in Phoenix Saturday in a protest that was aimed at Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio ’s immigration efforts and was marked by a clash between a small group of protesters and police officers .
Organizers say the protest was meant to show officials in Washington that Arpaio should n’t handle immigration enforcement , and that Congress and the Obama administration need to come up with a way for immigrant workers to come to the country legally .
ADVERTISEMENT
The three - mile walk that started in a west Phoenix park ended by afternoon at the Durango Jail Complex , a collection of five jails , where officials played music , including a record by singer Linda Ronstadt , to drown out noise made by protesters .
Ronstadt took part in Saturday ’s protest .
Protesters chanted “ Joe must go ” as they approached the jail complex .
One person carried a sign that said “ We are human ” and bore a picture of a lawman with a wolf ’s face .
A family of five wore T - shirts saying “ Who would Jesus deport ? ”
For his part , Arpaio said he was n’t bothered by the protesters and that they should be directing their frustrations at Congress because it has the power to change America ’s immigration laws .
“ They are zeroing in on the wrong guy , ” Arpaio said .
“ They ought to be zeroing in on the president . ”
The demonstration was peaceful until police say protesters near the end of the procession started throwing water bottles at officers .
Phoenix Police Lt. Pat Hofmann said officers used pepper spray as they tried to separate protesters from an officer who was trying to take away the bottles .
ADVERTISEMENT
People poured water onto the faces of several protesters whose eyes were irritated by the pepper spray .
Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Andy
Hill added that one demonstrator struck a police sergeant on the head and chest with a flagpole .
And he said an officer on horseback was assaulted as her horse was mobbed , punched and pushed .
He did n’t say whether any officers were injured .
Phoenix police said Saturday night that five people were arrested during the protest and taken to Maricopa County Jail .
Three were booked for aggravated assault on police ; another was booked for aggravated assault on police and disorderly conduct .
The fifth was booked for disorderly conduct and aggravated assault on police .
ADVERTISEMENT
Though the scene of the disturbance was cleared within minutes , the aftermath was chaotic .
Protesters yelled obscenities at police officers in riot gear .
One officer shook his pepper spray canister as he ordered people to keep moving .
One protester wore goggles , and several others wrapped bandanas around their mouths .
Critics have accused deputies working in Arpaio ’s immigration efforts of racial profiling , which the sheriff denies .
He says his deputies approach people when they have probable cause to believe they had committed crimes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ten months ago , Arpaio learned he was under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department for alleged discrimination and unconstitutional searches .
He says the investigation was prompted by his immigration efforts , although federal authorities have n’t provided details .
Since early 2008 , Arpaio has run 13 immigration and crimes sweeps involving officers who flood a section of a city – in some cases heavily Latino areas – to seek out traffic violators and arrest other violators .
Arpaio ’s power to make federal immigration arrests was stripped away three months ago by officials in Washington , but he continues his immigration efforts through the enforcement of two state laws .
ADVERTISEMENT
A federal grand jury also is investigating Arpaio and his office on allegations of abusing his powers .
From : damanique
2010 -02-13 10:33 pm ( UTC )
Hey , could someone throw another brick at this guy ?
I do n't approve of brick - throwing at people , but I make exceptions for anyone who endorses human trafficking providing the said trafficked humans are beautiful girls .
From : ginger_maya
2010 -02-13 10:38 pm ( UTC )
He got his teeth bashed in with a plaster statue , but apparently that did n't manage to make him into a decent human being .
From : damanique
2010-02-13 10:46 pm ( UTC )
Right , a plaster statue , not a brick .
Close enough .
I doubt anything could make Berlusconi a decent human being .
But physically damaging him for being a sexist , misogynist , narcissistic bastard who always gets away with saying stupid shit would give * me * some satisfaction .
From : ginger_maya
2010 -02-13 10:53 pm ( UTC )
I cheered when I saw a photo of his bruised , bloody mug after he got beat up .
Not very nice of me , but people who endorse abuse and exploitation are lower than rats in my book and completely undeserving of compassion .
From : sexyhorny
2010 -02 -14 07:28 am ( UTC )
I think he's an ass but I 'm against physical punishment , violence and beating people up .
If you beat up one person you dislike and it 's OK , then you can beat up someone else who you dislike at your discretion and that would be OK then too .
Basically violence does n't solve anything but makes it even worse .
I 'd rather punish him in a manner not involving physical violence : like demoting him from his post , a huge fine , community service .
From : miriamg
2010-02-13 11:03 pm ( UTC )
The hell ?
How does someone like that become the leader of a country ?
Who would vote for him ?
From : crvcifix
2010-02-13 11:11 pm ( UTC )
" Now , there 's a fellow I 'd like to have a beer with ! " X a couple million ...
From : jeweltoned
2010-02-13 11:26 pm ( UTC )
yup From : philstar22
2010-02-13 11:06 pm ( UTC )
I 'm more worried about the fact that this man got elected .
I am disgusted by men like this , but it does n't surprise me .
They exist .
The fact that enough people approved of this man , or at least enough people in his party approved of him , for him to get elected ?
Ick . From : crvcifix
2010-02-13 11:11 pm ( UTC )
What 's up with the media referring to this and his other actions as " gaffes " ?
Kennedy telling Berlin that he is a jelly donut is a gaffe .
" Misunderdestimate " is a gaffe .
Berlusconi's comments are quite deliberate and , taken with his other statements , reveal a deep - seated misogyny that the media should n't try to excuse .
From : mmm_carbon
2010 -02 -14 12:20 am ( UTC )
Oh , but it 's so uncool to get all worked up about displays of misogyny - - doncha know that 's what makes people think you 're a feminist ?
In other words , you 're dead right .
Media = status quo love , esp. for anything relating to women .
From : macabremadness
2010-02-13 11:22 pm ( UTC )
That 's pretty sick .
The terrifying things that women go through when being trafficked is unimaginable , I can't believe it would be deemed OK if they 're pretty .
From : ozma_katiebell
2010-02-13 11:23 pm ( UTC )
He 's Ali G! From : lockea_stone
2010 -02 -14 01:16 am ( UTC )
Ew , what a douche bag .
That article just gave me a really bad vibe .
Ugh , ugh , ugh !
I need a shower now .
From : edgey_berzerker
2010 -02 -14 01:18 am ( UTC )
Disgusting .
He 's a very sick man to think those women / young girls ( lets face it there is children in there too ) ENJOY being used for sex .
From : maynardsong
2010 -02 - 14 07:03 am ( UTC )
I wish Secretary of State ( OMG I love saying that ) Clinton would rip him a new one for that comment .
God , that would be awesome .
But alas , I do n't see it happening .
From : rose_kolodny
2010 -02 -14 07:44 am ( UTC )
Italy has a lot of ingrained sexism and corruption .
Berlusconi has already served time for corruption , but the public were still prepared to elect him .
From : viiltohaava
2010-02-14 01:13 pm ( UTC )
And this guy is still the prime - minister because ...?
From : missmonkeh
2010-02-14 02:33 pm ( UTC )
My Italian husband and I agree that Berlusconi is a prize dick .
From : dernhelm1982
2010 -02 -14 05:10 pm ( UTC )
** Shudders **
What a douche !
I 'm normally not one for condoning punching someone but this guy has it coming .
From : linasfyre
2010-02-16 04:22 pm ( UTC )
ugh ... human trafficking , let alone woman trafficking .
Disgusting .
NOT NORMAL .
The people who think its OKAY to do this , should be lynched .
I watched a documentary about the sex slave trade .
Business is booming apparently
and its depressing as hell .
ANOTHER climate change blunder :
First it 's melting glaciers , now natural disaster claim is debunked
The world 's leading climate change scientists have been caught out making unfounded claims about global warming for the second time in just over a week .
Experts appointed by the United Nations said rising temperatures were to blame for an increase in the number and severity of natural disasters such as hurricanes and floods .
But it has emerged that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change based the statement , made in 2007 , on an unpublished report that had not been properly reviewed by other scientists .
False warning ?
Ministers linked floods in Cumbria last year to global warming
The report 's author has since withdrawn the claim , saying there is not enough evidence to link climate change to worsening natural disasters , and criticised the use of his data as ' completely misleading ' .
Poll
Do you think climate change is behind worsening natural disasters ?
Yes No Do you think climate change is behind worsening natural disasters ?
Yes 1897 votes
No 7543 votes
Now share your opinion
It follows the IPCC 's admission that it was wrong to state in its influential 2007 Fourth Assessment Report that Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 .
That assertion was based on ' speculation ' featured in an eight - year - old article in New Scientist magazine .
Unprecedented rainfall : Locals are rescued from Cockermouth High Street
The latest revelation means more embarrassment for the climate change lobby because worsening natural disasters were a central plank of arguments at the recent UN climate summit in Copenhagen .
Barack Obama used the claims when he said last autumn : ' More powerful storms and floods threaten every continent . '
Unfounded : Secretary of State for Climate change Ed Miliband claimed increased severity of flooding was attributable to global warming
Climate change minister Ed Miliband has claimed that floods such as those which devastated parts of Cumbria last year could be widespread if global warming goes unchecked .
He said last month : ' Events in Cumbria give a foretaste of the kind of weather runaway climate change could bring .
Abroad , the melting of the Himalayan glaciers that feed the great rivers of south Asia could put millions of people at risk of drought . '
The IPCC 's 2007 report said the world had ' suffered rapidly rising costs due to extreme weather - related events since the 1970s ' , suggesting global warming was to blame .
But the claim was taken from a then unpublished report by Robert Muir - Wood , head of research at London - based consultancy Risk Management Solutions .
When Dr Muir - Wood released the report he added the caveat : ' We find insufficient evidence to claim a statistical relationship between global temperature increase and catastrophe losses [ damage caused by natural disasters ] .'
The IPCC said it would investigate the false claim and could withdraw it .
Professor Jean - Pascal van Ypersele , vice - chairman of the IPCC , said : ' We are re-assessing the evidence and will publish a report on natural disasters and extreme weather with the latest findings . '
Dr Muir - Wood attacked the way his evidence was used .
He said : ' The idea that catastrophes are rising in cost partly because of climate change is completely misleading .
We could not tell if it was just an association or cause and effect .
' Also , our study included 2004 and 2005 which was when there were some major hurricanes .
If you took those years away then the significance of climate change vanished . '
State and federal water regulators agreed Friday to open the spigots a bit more on account of all the recent rain and snow , prompting Sen.
Dianne Feinstein to drop her threat to bypass the Endangered Species Act to get farmers more water .
The announcements from Sacramento and Washington offered some relief to Central Valley farmers and ration - weary homeowners , but happy times for the tenders of hay fields and hot tubs are still a long way off , according to water regulators .
The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation will be giving farmers south of the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta 30 percent of the water they requested .
That 's compared with 10 percent in 2009 , when many fields were left fallow .
The percentage could rise to 40 percent , analysts said , as water is purchased from other sources .
The California Department of Water Resources raised its allotment to 15 percent of the water requested by water agencies representing some 25 million residents .
That 's up from the 5 percent originally proposed - but it is comparable to the amount of water allocated at this time last year .
" Valley farmers have suffered tremendously during California 's three - year drought , " U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar said in a statement .
" The department has identified actions that will provide additional water on top of what an average water year would deliver . "
The announcements came a day after federal officials predicted a huge increase in the number of salmon in the Sacramento River system despite a record low number last year , opening the possibility of a fishing season .
The salmon season had been canceled for the past two years because of low numbers of spawning fish .
Environmental advocates and fishermen have blamed the drop in salmon numbers on increased water diversions to farmers that they say have sucked baby salmon into pumps .
Change of plans
Regulators on Friday denied that the optimistic forecasts had anything to do with Feinstein 's threat to amend the law and increase pumping for farmers , but the rosy outlook nevertheless convinced her to scotch her controversial proposal .
" Much creative thinking and work has been done by many people to make this happen , for which I thank the many people involved , " Feinstein said in a statement .
" I will watch this situation carefully and I am placing my proposed amendment on hold ; however , I reserve the right to bring it back should it become necessary . "
The water content of the California snowpack is currently above average for this time of year , especially in the northern Sierra , which is 121 percent of normal .
That 's important because rain and snow runoff in the northern Sierra feeds the state 's largest reservoir , Shasta Lake , which , at its current 72 percent capacity , is at 98 percent of average for this date .
Lake Oroville , the State Water Project 's primary source of drinking water , is only 38 percent full .
That 's 54 percent of the average storage for this date .
Different roles
Water from Shasta is used by the federal Central Valley Project to irrigate about 3 million acres of farmland from Redding to Bakersfield and provide drinking water for close to 2 million people .
The State Water Project , in contrast , is oriented more toward urban and industrial uses , providing drinking water to about 25 million Californians and water to 700,000 acres of farmland .
The discrepancy in the levels of the two big reservoirs , analysts say , is because abundant rainfall can fill Shasta while Oroville relies more on snow runoff in the spring .
Water managers said a lot of the runoff is being absorbed into the ground , which is still parched after three years of drought .
Mark Cowin , the director of the state Department of Water Resources , said the 15 percent state allocation would be the lowest in history .
The department ultimately delivered 40 percent of what was requested last year - a year in which many Bay Area communities were forced to ration water .
Cowin said the amount could be increased to as high as 40 percent if the storms keep coming .
If they stop , though , he said , things could get worse .
" Despite a relatively wet winter , our reservoir storage levels remain low , " Cowin said .
" After three years of drought conditions and a number of mandated pumping restrictions , even a wet year wo n't get us out of the woods . "
Some still upset
Environmentalists and fishermen expressed relief that Feinstein will not be going through with her threat to mandate increased pumping , but they were still upset that farming got the nod over regulations protecting salmon habitat .
" We 're happy that the water year is looking better than the last three years .
It is good news for the environment and it is good news for the cities , " said Spreck Rosekrans , the senior analyst for the Environmental Defense Fund .
" We 're disappointed that the Endangered Species Act has been put in the balance subject to this year 's hydrology .
It 's a bad precedent . "
U2 are performing under a giant " claw " structure on their world tour
U2 raked in more money than any other music act in the US in 2009 , according to Billboard magazine .
The music journal said U2 made $ 109 m ( £ 71 m ) from touring , record sales and other royalties - almost twice as much as the second best , Bruce Springsteen .
Springsteen took home $ 58 m ( £ 38 m ) , followed by Madonna with $ 47 m ( £ 31 m ) and rockers AC / DC with $ 44 m ( £ 29 m ) .
U2 are in the middle of a mammoth world tour and touring is the most lucrative activity for artists , Billboard said .
The 360 Degree tour is the most expensive ever staged , but is also playing to larger crowds because they are performing in the round .
A string of younger pop stars - Britney Spears , Pink and the Jonas Brothers - came next on the list .
Coldplay were the most successful British group , at number eight , with takings of $ 27 m ( £ 18 m ) .
Michael Jackson was the top earner from CD and ringtone royalties in 2009 , but only made it to number 20 on the overall list , highlighting the importance of touring to a star 's pay packet .
If you thought the XPERIA Pureness was wild with its meager 1.8 - inch transparent screen , wait 'll you get a hold of Samsung Mobile Display 's prototype 14 - inch notebook -- complete with what 's being touted as the world 's first and largest transparent OLED prototype .
When the thing is off , the panel is up to 40 percent transparent ( as opposed to the industry average of below twenty - five percent ) .
Not much more to say about it ( we 'll let you know as soon as our friends from Korea tell us more ) , but there is plenty to see : so get a load of the video after the break .
Sleep Cycle is a Swedish - designed iPhone app that turns your mobile into a sleep - tracking device .
It works using a sensor in the iPhone – called an accelerometer – that enables it to monitor movement .
Depending on what phase of sleep we 're in , our bodies behave differently : when we 're sleeping most soundly , we 're most still ; during the dreaming ( or REM ) phase we twitch around more ; and as we approach wakefulness we become even more restless .
Sleep Cycle uses these fluctuations to create a nightly record of your sleep , which it presents to you each morning in the form of a graph .
More remarkably still , it uses this information to decide ( within a half - hour time frame ) when you 've reached the optimal point in your cycle to wake up .
Then it assists you back to consciousness with soothing music .
Since it was launched last summer Sleep Cycle has become the bestselling paid - for app in several countries , including Sweden , Germany and South Korea .
Does this reflect the fact that those nations take sleep more seriously than we do ?
There is some evidence , after all , that the British are n't very good at sleeping .
The Clinical Sleep Research Unit at Loughborough University found that nearly a third of us have " significant sleep difficulties " .
There has been talk of an " insomnia epidemic " .
As a nation it seems we'd be less anxious , less depression - prone , if we mastered the trick of easeful sleep .
Could Sleep Cycle , which is both simple to use and cheap ( it costs 59 p ) , help ?
Last week I used it for three successive nights .
The results were mixed .
It was certainly fascinating to gain an insight into my nocturnal habits ( what happens to us during sleep , after all , is the one part of our lives that is usually totally closed to us ) .
Impressively , it really could tell when during the night I 'd been awake .
Yet I also found it oddly distracting .
You 're required to place the phone on the corner of your mattress , and simply having it there , knowing that it was monitoring me , made me feel strangely self - conscious .
For the first time in ages I started finding it difficult to fall asleep ; and the knowledge that my graph the next morning would be disappointing only made the problem worse .
Rather than become a better sleeper , Sleep Cycle seems to have turned me ( temporarily I 'm sure ) into an insomniac .
Canada still presents itself as an Internet leader even though it now offers substandard web access compared to other countries , a study of world online systems has concluded .
“ Though it was among the first nations in the world to provide widespread , retail broadband service , Canada ’s recent development has lagged behind other nations , ” a 333 - page Harvard University study says .
Canadian Internet providers denounced the study as wrong and based on faulty data .
The study , published this month by the Berkman Center for Internet & Society , said Canadian Internet systems are slow , expensive and tied up by a government strategy “ that has mostly focused on connecting unconnected areas and not on increasing capacity at the higher end . ”
“ Canada continues to see itself as a high performer in broadband , ” the study said .
“ This is no longer a realistic picture . ”
The country is also positioned badly for the future , it said .
Canada “ is even weaker in 3G wireless service than fixed broadband , with its growth of subscriptions among the slowest in the industrialized world . ”
Telus Inc. spokesman Jim Johannsson said his company does n’t advertise its 100 megabit per second services because they ’re available only to high - rise apartments and condos .
The Berkman study instead used their high - speed radio service Wimax rates , he said , which are expensive and used only in rural areas .
“ They figured the average Canadians is paying $ 189 per month ” for their Internet service , Johannsson said .
“ The real truth is $ 35 to $ 45 a month . ”
“ The Berkman authors systematically discarded evidence that did n’t fit with the preconceived policy framework it elected to promote , ” contended Rogers Communications Inc. vice - president Jan Innes .
Videotron , she said , is a “ world leader in launching ultra - high - speed Internet services . ”
Bell Canada senior vice - president Mirko Bibic said the study “ is widely regarded as out of date ” and “ threatens Canada ’s broadband progress by discouraging private investment . ”
That was the message as well that the largest U.S. Internet service providers sent Monday to the Federal Communications Commission , for whom the Berkman study was done .
Putting them more clearly under the agency ’s jurisdiction , they warned , could stop them from investing in their broadband networks .
Study author P.I. Yochai Benkler in November had delivered a point - by - point rebuttal to criticism of Berkman ’s first draft .
“ Almost no Canadian home can tap the ultra - fast speeds offered by , say , fibre - to - the - home services , which are available in 44 per cent of Japanese households .
Canada ranks with Poland , Hungary and Mexico as laggards in the availability of 3G . ”
As for the OECD data , Benkler said , “ We used our own independent analysis as well as OECD data and other sources where those seemed better . ”
The data , he said , “ was substantially better than the critics would have you believe . ”
Benkler also pointed out the study used per-households numbers as well as per 100 people .
Early Internet successes in Canada were admirable , the study said .
Cable and DSL services have been available in at least some parts of Canada since 1996 , when SaskTel became one of the world ’s first telecommunications carriers to offer it .
Around the same time , Rogers premiered the first high - speed cable Internet service in the world .
By the end of 2008 , broadband was available to almost all city households in Canada , the study said .
Now , however , Canadians using fibre optics to access the Internet make up just 0.01 per cent of the country ’s broadband subscribers , compared with 39 per cent in Korea , 44 per cent in Japan and 20 per cent in Sweden , the study said .
However , Telus ’s Johannsson said a comparison with Japan is impossible because most Japanese people live in high - density apartments more easily provided with high - speed Internet , while more Canadians live in single - family homes ,
Although Rogers , Bell and Shaw have announced plans for fibre - optic services , their prime targets are condos , apartments and hotels .
Five companies ( Rogers , Bell , Shaw , Telus and Videotron ) control roughly 81 per cent of the broadband market .
“ The highest prices for the lowest speeds are mostly offered by firms in the United States and Canada ” where markets are built around one company that owns a telephone system and another that owns a cable system , it said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ In speed , Canada is a weak to midpack performer . ”
Carriers such as Bell that provide infrastructure for other services can impose bandwidth caps , it said .
Canada persists with its dusty myth of Internet superiority , the study said .
A Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission August , 2009 , report makes “ a self - congratulatory reference ” to Canada having the highest Internet penetration of G7 countries .
Factually true , said the study , but that ignores its poor numbers on speed and price and its poor performance against non -G7 countries such as South Korea .
The Harvard study was designed to give the U.S. Federal Communications Commission ammunition to craft a “ next generation ” connectivity policy .
By relying on existing cable and telephone companies to provide competition , it said , Canada is in a weak position for the future .
Houd je van de wintersport of van wandelen ?
Dan is het natuurlijk heerlijk om de bergen te zien .
Hoe hoger hoe beter !
Het is mooi om te on ..
South African low - fare airline kulula.com recently came up with a brand - new , funny livery .
One of their Boeing 737 - 86N ( ZS - ZWP / OK - PIK ) , called “ Flying 101 ” is entirely covered with details and funny remarks about the plane .
Photos – by Malcolm Nason
The captain ’s window is marked with the big cheese ( “ captain , my captain ! ” ) , the co-pilot ’s window with co-captain ( the other pilot on the PA system ) and the jump seat is for wannabe pilots .
In addition , the following descriptions of plane parts can be found :
AFP
HOWEVER loathsome his neighbours find Kim Jong
Il , the nuclear - armed North Korean dictator , there are few who do not also admit that beneath the big hair lurks a tactical genius with a flair for survival .
At home , North Koreans are smothered by his ruthless personality cult .
With the outside world , he is an adept blackmailer : act mad enough to be dangerous ; then be conciliatory in exchange for cash .
Recently , however , on both counts he has made tactical mistakes .
None of these are serious enough to endanger his regime , diplomats say .
But they are encouraging to those who believe they can eventually push North Korea back to talks about dismantling its nuclear arsenal .
And they reaffirm the benefits of what the Americans call “ strategic patience ” : waiting until North Korea is desperate enough to offer concessions .
Even the regime appears , in its oddball way , to have acknowledged the most recent blunder .
News reports this month suggest that North Korea has reversed some elements of a crackdown on private enterprise that it unleashed with a cack - handed redenomination of the won on November 30th .
In the interim , the currency collapsed , the price of rice surged by as much as 50 times , and much of traders ' working capital for buying and selling goods was wiped out .
Amid a seizing up of food distribution , there were some rare grumbles of protest .
But since early February , regulations on trading in the jangmadang , or markets , across North Korea appear to have been lifted , according to news reports .
Official prices ( which are not necessarily what are paid ) have been posted .
A kilo of rice costs 240 won ( $ 1.80 ) ( a bit less than a pair of socks ) , a toothbrush is 25 won .
Meanwhile , the Dear Leader has made what some observers believe to be an unprecedented apology to his people for feeding them “ broken rice ” and not providing enough white rice , bread and noodles .
He was , he said , “ heartbroken ” , and implicitly acknowledged he had violated an oath to his godlike father , Kim Il Sung , to feed the people rice and meat soup .
Adding to the poignancy , experts say the bungled reforms were done in the name of Kim Jong Un , the dictator 's third son and potential heir .
The young man 's involvement may have been part of a strategy to reassert Stalinist - style state control of the enfeebled economy ahead of 2012 , the 100th anniversary of grandfather Kim 's birth .
People knowledgeable on North Korea are loth to believe that such a plan has been abandoned , not least because the small markets that have flourished since the famine of the 1990s represent such a challenge to the state 's authority .
But they say the ineptitude must have been glaringly obvious , even in the hermetic state .
“ The government has never said sorry to the people , especially on a topic as sensitive as rice , ” says Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul , who has written a lot on North Korea and has described its leaders as brilliant Machiavellians .
“ Because of Kim Jong
Il 's age and the age of those around him , it looks like he may be losing touch with reality . ”
Mr Lankov believes there may have been a similar miscalculation in North Korea 's recent behaviour towards America , China , South Korea , Japan and Russia , the countries with whom in 2003 it started on - again , off - again denuclearisation negotiations , known as the six - party talks .
Its firing of a long - range missile and explosion of a nuclear bomb in quick succession last year hardened the resolve of the five to strengthen United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang and maintain them until it gives ground on its nukes .
However much Mr Kim has cajoled and coaxed in the months since , he has not yet managed to divide them .
What 's more , diplomats say he appears to be increasingly open to discussing a return to the six - party talks , something which last year he vowed “ never ” to do .
China , which is closest to North Korea and chairs the six - party forum , sent Wang Jiarui , a senior Communist Party official , to meet Mr Kim this week and invite him to Beijing .
Mr Kim made no public commitment regarding the six - party talks .
But his nuclear negotiator returned with Mr Wang to the Chinese capital .
Lee Myung - bak , South Korea 's president , surprised his countrymen by saying that he , too , hoped to meet Mr Kim “ within this year ” .
The timing was odd .
His statement came at about the time North Korea was lobbing artillery shells threateningly into the Yellow Sea .
But it revealed what officials say is a twin - track process in Seoul to engage North Korea : bilaterally and via the six - party framework .
“ My impression is that the North Koreans are moving in the direction of talks , ” says Wi Sung - lac , South Korea 's special representative for peace on the peninsula .
Both North Korea and its six - party counterparts have set such tough conditions on coming together that it would be foolhardy to be optimistic .
North Korea wants a lifting of the UN sanctions and a peace treaty with America to out a formal end to the 1950 - 53 Korean War before restarting talks .
Washington has resisted both .
An East Asian diplomat said the other five countries are demanding that North Korea take “ concrete measures ” towards denuclearisation as a pre-condition for talks and the lifting of sanctions .
“ We 're not giving any carrots . ”
Underscoring the resolve , humanitarian assistance to North Korea has slowed to a trickle .
South Korea sent only $ 37 m of public aid north last year , compared with $ 209 m in 2007 .
Officials say Mr Lee is adamant no money will go to North Korea to coax it into agreeing to a summit .
Talks on cross - border tourism and factories , another means for Pyongyang to extort hard currency from the south , have made no progress .
Mr Kim still has some good cards up his sleeve .
Tensions between China and America over Taiwan and Tibet provide a thread of disharmony that he can tug upon .
And China has a strategic eye on North Korea 's ports and minerals , which may encourage it to be overly generous to the regime .
But the mere hint of economic and diplomatic fallibility in a regime that demands almost religious devotion from its subjects may be significant .
It comes at a time when North Koreans , via smuggled DVDs and telephones , have a greater idea than ever before of how far their living conditions fall short of their neighbours ' .
That is a rare point of vulnerability for Mr Kim 's interlocutors to exploit .
Last financial year nearly 2.5 million checks were made against the system , an average of almost 80,000 a day .
Email addresses and associates of '' persons of interest ' ' , information about gun owners , stolen cars and missing people - and their next of kin - is also to be added .
The database , accessible to the nation 's 50,000 police officers , also holds photographs of 2.8 million people , and another holds the fingerprints of 3.1 million - nearly one in five adults in the country .
In other records police can find every listed telephone number and address , anyone licensed to own a firearm or dangerous chemicals , and more than half a million DNA records .
Most people charged in NSW are fingerprinted , but only those facing more serious charges have a DNA sample placed on the national database , though samples need to be destroyed if people are acquitted or trials have not started within 12 months .
All this data is held or hosted by the little - known national organisation CrimTrac , which brokers police information .
But the president of the NSW Council for Civil Liberties , Cameron Murphy , said privacy safeguards had not kept pace with the increase in information available to police forces .
'' I just do n't have any confidence in the integrity of it . …
We should be worried because there 's a potential for information to be misused when it 's kept and stored in this manner . ''
While he said he was aware only of minor complaints so far , Mr Murphy said the European Union would not share some information with Australia because of concerns about inadequate privacy laws .
But CrimTrac , which has won several IT awards , was a finalist in last year 's Australian Privacy Awards .
Its chief executive , Ben McDevitt , said the organisation took data security and privacy seriously and could audit all access to the system .
'' Wherever privacy and technology interact , there are privacy issues …
No system has zero vulnerability .
All we can do is be very conscious and have the best systems , '' he said .
CrimTrac was also using sophisticated data matching software to detect identity theft , he said .
'' The ability to identify individuals uniquely and unequivocally is absolutely core to the criminal justice system , '' he said .
Biometric tools such as DNA and fingerprints were particularly powerful tools to establish a person 's identity .
Having national warnings about possible violent suspects available meant that police could react more appropriately to those they encountered on patrol , said NSW Assistant Commissioner Carlene York .
A gradual introduction of hand - held computers also meant the information was increasingly accessible on the streets , saving time .
Mr McDevitt said : '' Their [ police officers ' ] job is difficult enough as it is .
We do the best we can to give them timely and accurate information . ''
While he has ruled out a merger of all its databases , he said the NPRS would '' adapt to the changing needs of police ' ' .
Plans include facial recognition technology for the photos of offenders and missing people ; cross-checking information about crimes in various states to find links among different offences ; number plate recognition ; links between the finger print system and records of detention centres ; exchange of criminal history information with New Zealand and Britain ; and a database of photos of child pornography and exploitation .
Greetings inherited Fold !
I generally like to attribute my gut to my father ’s side of the family … it avoids blame on my terrible eating habits .
What characteristics did you get from or like to blame on your parents ?
- bman
Longevity is one of the hottest areas of science , but there 's a curious hole in the research : Scientifically speaking , nobody knows how to measure aging , much less predict reliably how people will respond to time 's ravages .
After all , aging is n't just chronological .
Some people are spry and nimble in their elder years .
Others are afflicted by the diseases of aging — heart disease , diabetes , cancer , Parkinson's , Alzheimer 's , dementia and stroke — by middle age .
Many researchers think those diseases are manifestations of a common underlying cause , known conversationally as aging but as yet undefined by science .
They call for studies that would gather exhaustive clinical and genetic data from thousands of people over many years , hopefully identifying the biological mechanisms of growing both older and unhealthier .
" Unlike models of drug development for the diseases of aging , which have consensus endpoints to evaluate , we have not reached a consensus in aging , " said gerontologist Don Ingram of the Pennington Biomedical Reseach Center .
" We do n't know how to predict how someone will function later in life , and we need to . "
That such a basic gap exists seems counterintuitive .
After all , longevity - enhancing research has never been so prominent .
Following leads revealed by animals on calorically restricted diets — they tend to live longer , apparently because dietary stress triggers cell - protecting routines that prevent aging diseases — scientists have found genes and pathways that can be targeted by drugs .
Resveratrol , a natural compound that affects mitochondrial function and DNA repair , and its pharmaceutical derivatives have been used to prevent diabetes in obese mice .
Now they 're being tested in humans .
Manipulations of the growth - regulating IGF - 1 pathway have extended lifespans in lab animals .
Rapamycin , used to suppress autoimmune responses in people receiving organ transplants , has extended the lives of elderly mice .
It 's now being tested in mice against specific diseases .
All these findings hint at a universal aging process , and the concept has finally gone mainstream .
Longevity research earned a December U.S. News and World Report cover story , and a Time cover package this month .
But these experimental results are preliminary , and only tweak pieces of a larger puzzle .
Gerontologists say that to develop drugs that slow the aging process , they need to know far more about aging 's biology .
" We need to have a set of thousands of people , representing all groups , that are closely followed on health measures .
They'd be tested three or four times a year , for five or 10 years .
Then you 'd have a good sense of the trajectory of aging , " said David Harrison , a Jackson Laboratory gerontologist who co-authored the landmark paper on rapamycin 's life - extending potential .
According to Harrison , people enrolled in the proposed study could , after several years , opt to take rapamycin .
That would let researchers see whether it works in people as it does in mice .
If so , they 'd also have a detailed account of resulting gene and protein changes , and insight into whether rapamycin works better in some people than others .
Rapamycin does have toxic side effects .
Though treatment could be stopped immediately , safety could n't be guaranteed .
But as Harrison noted , " There are hundreds of clinics for rich people to take anti-aging treatments that are at best placebos , and they pay ungodly amounts of money .
Would n't some people , at least , like to participate in a science - based study where they have their trajectory of aging measured and monitored ? "
For now , such a study would n't be run by the Jackson Laboratory or a governmental funding agency , like the National Institutes of Health .
It would likely take place under the auspices of a private foundation , with study participants footing much of the bill .
But take rapamycin out of the equation , and a long - term study of aging biomarkers would be suitable for institutional funding .
Of course , it would still be expensive .
But even a long - term study of aging in rodents would be useful , and it would also be more affordable , said Felipe Sierra , director of the National Institute on Aging 's Division of Aging Biology .
" If we had a set of biomarkers that at 12 months of age predicted which mice would die younger or older , then we could shorten mouse studies to 12 months , " said Sierra .
To get funding , such a study would have to overcome the mixed legacy of a decade - long project launched by the NIA in the late 1980s .
Researchers looked for biological markers in rodents , but had neither the technology nor the understanding necessary to find them .
" We spent a lot of money and got nothing .
Now it 's taboo in our field , " said Sierra .
" But we were n't ready .
Each one of us was looking for a single biomarker of aging .
It turns out that there 's no such thing .
But with the advent of modern metabolomics and proteomics , it might be possible to do this . "
Sierra noted that — at a moment of cheap gene sequencing and high - powered genome association studies , when desktop computers crunch terabytes of gene and protein data — the most reliable indicator of aging is still whether people look old .
It 's hardly scientific .
" The technology has advanced to the point where we should be able to try , " said Sierra .
Image : Lynn Lin/ Flickr
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
For release 10:00 a.m. ( ET ) Tuesday , September 1 , 2020 USDL - 20 - 1646 Technical information : ep-info@bls.gov * www.bls.gov/emp
Media contact : ( 202 ) 691-5902 * PressOffice@bls.gov EMPLOYMENT
PROJECTIONS -- 2019 –2029
Employment is projected to grow from 162.8 million to 168.8 million over the 2019 – 29 decade , an increase of 6.0 million jobs , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
This reflects an annual growth rate of 0.4 percent , slower than the 2009 - 19 annual growth rate of 1.3 percent , which was bolstered by recovery from the 2007 - 09 Great Recession .
The healthcare and social assistance sector is projected to add the most new jobs , and 6 of the 10 fastest growing occupations are related to healthcare .
Growth in real Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) is projected to be slower ( 1.8 percent annually ) from 2019 to 2029 , compared to the previous decade ( 2.3 percent annually ) .
Meanwhile labor productivity is projected to increase from 1.1 percent annually over the 2009 to 2019 period , to 1.8 percent annually from 2019 to 2029 .
________________________________________________________________________________ | | | Occupational Outlook Handbook | | | |
The projections are the foundation of the BLS Occupational Outlook Handbook | | ( OOH ) , one of the nation 's most widely used career information resources .
The | | OOH reflects BLS employment projections for the 2019 - 29 decade .
The updated | | OOH is available online at www.bls.gov/ooh.
| |________________________________________________________________________________|
Highlights of the BLS projections for the labor force , macroeconomy , industry employment , and occupational employment are included below .
________________________________________________________________________________ | | | Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) Pandemic Impact on Employment Projections Data | | | |
The 2019 – 29 projections do not include impacts of the COVID - 19 pandemic and | | response efforts .
The BLS Employment Projections are developed using models | | based on historical data , which in this set of projections cover the time | | period through 2019 ; all input data therefore precede the pandemic .
In | | addition , the 2019 – 29 projections were finalized in the spring of 2020 when | | there was still significant uncertainty about the duration and impacts of | | the pandemic .
| | | |
The BLS Employment Projections are long - term projections intended to capture | | structural change in the economy , not cyclical fluctuations .
As such , they | | are not intended to capture the impacts of the recession that began in | | February 2020 .
However , besides the immediate recessionary impacts , the | | pandemic may cause new structural changes to the economy .
BLS releases new | | employment projections annually , and subsequent projections will incorporate | | new information on economic structural changes as it becomes available .
| | | |
In order to provide more information about potential impacts before the | | release of the 2020 – 30 projections , BLS is developing alternate scenarios | | for the 2019 – 29 projection period that encompass possible impacts from the | | pandemic .
Comparison of these alternate scenarios with the baseline | | projections released here will demonstrate how changes in consumer behavior | | caused by the pandemic may alter the projections for detailed occupations | | and industries .
An analysis of these scenarios will be released in a Monthly | | Labor Review article later in 2020 .
| |________________________________________________________________________________|
Population and Labor Force -- The civilian noninsitutional population growth rate is projected to decline slightly , from 0.9 percent annually in 2009 - 19 to 0.8 percent annually in 2019 – 29 .
This results in an increase of 21.2 million over the 2019 - 29 projections horizon to a level of 280.4 million .
-- The labor force is expected to increase by 8.0 million from 163.5 million in 2019 to 171.5 million in 2029 .
The participation rate is projected to decline from 63.1 percent in 2019 to 61.2 percent in 2029 .
The decline in labor force participation is due to the aging of the baby - boom generation , a continuation of the declining trend in men's participation , and a slight decline in women 's participation .
--
By 2029 , all baby boomers will be at least 65 years old .
The increasing share of people age 65 years and older contributes to slower projected growth in the labor force , as well as a continued decline in the labor force participation rate , since older people are less likely to participate in the labor force .
Macroeconomy -- Real Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) is projected to continue growing during the 2019 – 29 period , although at a slower rate than it has historically , at 1.8 percent annually compounded through the projections period .
-- Based on the outlook for business investment and efficiency gains anticipated in the use of labor and capital inputs , productivity is expected to grow at an annual rate of 1.8 percent from 2019 to 2029 .
This is faster than the 1.1 percent growth from 2009 to 2019 .
The rebound in productivity growth represents a more normal pattern of growth over the next decade .
Industry Employment -- Total employment is projected to grow 3.7 percent over the 2019 – 29 projections period , slower than prior projection periods .
Slower labor force growth constrains the projected growth of total employment .
-- Five out of the 20 fastest growing industries for the next decade are in the healthcare and social assistance sector , the fastest growing major sector in the economy .
Factors that are expected to contribute to the large increase include increased demand to care for the aging baby - boom population , longer life expectancies , and continued growth in the number of patients with chronic conditions .
-- Technological advancements are expected to support rapid employment growth in professional , business , and scientific services sectors , including computer systems design and related services as well as management , scientific , and technical consulting services .
-- The manufacturing sector is projected to lose 444,800 jobs , the most of any sector over the projections decade .
This sector also contains 12 of the 20 industries projected to have the most rapid employment declines .
Factors contributing to the loss of manufacturing jobs include the adoption of new productivity - enhancing technologies , such as robotics and international competition .
-- As e-commerce continues to grow in popularity , retail trade is projected to lose 368,300 jobs over the 2019 - 29 decade .
Occupational Employment -- Occupational groups in which employment is projected to grow markedly faster than the average include healthcare support occupations , community and social service occupations , and computer and mathematical occupations .
-- Healthcare occupations and those associated with healthcare ( including mental health ) account for 13 of the 30 fastest growing occupations from 2019 to 2029 .
Demand for healthcare services by aging baby boomers , along with people who have chronic conditions , will drive the projected employment growth .
-- Several of the fastest growing healthcare occupations -- including nurse practitioners , occupational therapy assistants , and physician assistants -- are projected to be in greater demand as team - based healthcare models are increasingly used to deliver healthcare services .
-- Computer occupations are expected to see fast job growth as strong demand is expected for IT security and software development , and as new products associated with the Internet of Things ( IoT ) are developed .
These occupations include software developers as well as information security analysts .
-- Technological changes facilitating automation and e-commerce are expected to result in declining employment for office and administrative support occupations and for sales occupations .
More Information The Occupational Outlook Handbook ( OOH ) includes information about over 500 detailed occupations in over 300 occupational profiles , covering about 4 out of 5 jobs in the economy .
Each profile features the 2019 – 29 projections , along with assessments of the job outlook , work activities , wages , education and training requirements , and more .
-- The OOH is available online at www.bls.gov/ooh.
-- Detailed information on the 2019 – 29 projections will appear in the Monthly Labor Review .
-- Tables with detailed , comprehensive statistics used in preparing the projections are available online at www.bls.gov/emp/tables.htm.
-- Definitions for terms used in this news release are available in the BLS Glossary at www.bls.gov/bls/glossary.htm.
Information from this news release will be made available to sensory impaired individuals upon request .
Voice phone : ( 202 ) 691-5200 ; Federal Relay Services : 1 ( 800 ) 877-8339 .
I thought the HTC Droid Eris already had this name pegged .
Its seems as though HTC has other plans for it , giving it to the phone we all know as the Bravo .
The HTC Desire will be the newest entry into HTC leading Android family of phones .
Along with the updated name comes updated specs .
the originally leaked 256 RAM has been bumped up to 576 .
There is also an optical trackball , FM radio and Sense UI .
Full specs are as follows :
* CPU Speed – 1 GHz
* Platform – Android™ 2.1 ( Éclair ) with HTC SenseTM
* Memory – ROM : 512 MB , RAM : 576 MB
* Dimensions – ( LxWxT ) 119 x 60 x 11.9 mm ( 4.7 x 2.36 x 0.47 inches )
* Weight – 135 grams ( 4.76 ounces ) with battery
* Display – 3.7 - inch AMOLED touch - sensitive screen with 480 X 800 WVGA resolution
* Network – HSPA / WCDMA :
o Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz
o Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed
of up to 7.2 Mbps
* Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE :
o 850/900/1800/1900 MHz
( Band frequency , HSPA availability , and data speed are operator dependent . )
* Onscreen navigation – Optical Trackball
* GPS – Internal GPS antenna
* Sensors –
o Proximity sensor
o Ambient light sensor
o G - Sensor
o Digital compass
* Connectivity – Bluetooth® 2.1 with FTP / OPP for file transfer , A2DP for wireless stereo headsets ,
and PBAP for phonebook access from the car kit
* Wi-Fi® – IEEE 802.11 b/g
* 3.5 mm stereo audio jack
* Standard Micro-USB ( 5 - pin micro- USB 2.0 )
* camera – 5 megapixel color camera with auto focus and flashlight
* Audio supported formats
o Playback : .aac , .amr , .ogg , .m4a , .mid , .mp3 , .wav , .wma ,
o Recording : .amr
* Video supported formats
o Playback : .3gp , .3g2 , .mp4 , .wmv
o · Recording : .3gp
* Battery – Rechargeable Lithium-ion battery
* Capacity – 1400 mAh
* Talk time :
o Up to 390 minutes for WCDMA
o Up to 400 minutes for GSM
* Standby time :
o Up to 360 hours for WCDMA
o Up to 340 hours for GSM
* Expansion Slot – microSD ™ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible )
* AC Adapter Voltage range / frequency – 100 ~ 240 V AC , 50/60 Hz
* DC output – 5 V and 1 A
* Special Feature – Friend Stream
[ via android.modaco ]
This post was originally published at A Fistful of Euros .
“ Doom - mongers ” – the Economist tells us – “ are licking their wounds ” .
And why exactly are they licking their wounds ?
Well for two years now ( apparently ) they have been telling us that “ the struggle to save the lat ’s peg to the euro was bound to end in tears ” .
As you could imagine right in the very forefront of these so called doom - mongers is to be found yours very truly ( and here ) , and of course Nobel Economist Paul Krugman ( and here ) .
But while I have never thought of myself as especially adverse to admitting defeat when faced with compelling reasons to do so , just why , we might ask ourselves , should we start to think about licking our wounds right now ( and why our wounds , since it is poor old Latvia which has been subjected to all the blood - letting implied by this none - too - convincing “ thought experiment ” turned reality ) ?
Well , in the first place , given the dramatic current account correction , Latvia ’s outlook has been revised from negative to stable by Standard and Poor ’s rating agency , which means – when you get down to the nitty gritty – that they do n’t expect any further downward revisions in Latvia ’s sovereign credit rating in the next six months .
Standard & Poor ’s , a rating agency , has raised its outlook on Latvia ’s debt from negative to stable ( ie , it no longer expects further downgrades ) .
The current account , in deficit to the tune of 27 % of GDP in late 2006 , is in surplus .
Exports are recovering .
Interest rates have plunged and debt spreads over German bonds have narrowed ( see chart ) .
Fraught negotiations with the IMF and the European Union have kept a € 7.5 billion ( $ 10 billion ) bail - out on track , in return for spending cuts and tax rises worth a tenth of GDP .
And anyway , Latvia is not as bad as Greece .
Even so , Latvia looks good when compared with Greece .
It did not lie about its public finances or use accounting tricks .
Strikes have been scanty .
Protests are fought in the courts , not the streets .
Both Greece and Latvia have had hard knocks , but Greeks became used to a good life that they are loth to give up .
Latvians remain glad just to be on the map .
As evidence for just how much better Latvia is doing than Greece the Economist cite the movements in the respective bond spreads , and of course , the extra interest the Greek government has to pay to raise money ( with respect to equivalent German bonds ) is now marginally more than the extra interest Latvia has to pay , but then Greece has yet to go to the IMF .
But just in case both these arguments seem rather like clutching at straws when compared to the “ gravitas ” of the situation , there is a “ clincher ” .
“ despite a fall in GDP last year of 17.5 % , Latvia seems to have achieved
something many thought impossible : an internal devaluation .
This meant regaining competitiveness not by currency depreciation but by deep cuts in wages and public spending .
In a recent discussion of Greece , Jörg Asmussen , a German minister , praised Latvia for its self - discipline ” .
Well , I ’m sure that having a positive reference from a German minister in a discussion on Greece is a positive sign , but hang on a minute : just what internal devaluation is our author talking about here , and what deep cuts in wages and salaries ?
According to the latest available data from the Latvian Statistics Office , average wages in Latvia were down 10 % in September 2009 over 2008 , but since wages in September 2008 were up 6.5 % over wages in September 2007 , when the Latvian economy was already in deep trouble and wages and prices were already seriously out of line , then they have only actually fallen back some 4.15 % over the two year period .
I am sure these cuts are painful ( a 20 % unemployment rate , and young people emigrating is even more painful ) , but I would hardly call this a “ deep cut ” yet awhile .
The thing to remember here is the difficult characteristics imposed by the presence of a peg .
Latvian real wages ( when adjusted for inflation ) may well have fallen more , but this is to no avail ( and simply makes the internal consumption problem worse ) , since what matters are the Euro equivalent prices of Latvian wages and exports .
This is one of the reasons why in these circumstances a peg is such a horrible thing .
And if you ’re still not very convinced , let ’s try the Eurostat equivalent data for average hourly wage costs , which had in fact only fallen by 3.5 % year on year in the third quarter of 2009 .
Why the difference between average wages and average hourly labour costs ?
Well , given the depth of the recession people are obviously earning less , since they are working less , but this does n’t help overall competitiveness , since what matters here is the hourly cost of each unit of labour .
I ’m sorry if this is all fairly turgid economic data stuff ( yawn , yawn , yawn ) but if you want to cry victory , you really do need to check your facts a bit first .
In fact , as I said in my last post , additional evidence from the consumer price index suggests the “ internal devaluation ” is only working at a hellishly slow pace .
Prices were only down by 3.3 % in January 2010 over January 2009 according to the latest HICP data from Eurostat .
And while producer prices have fallen a little further – by 6.6 % in January over January 2009 – there is still a long long way to go .
Basically there is no doubt that Latvia ’s great economic fall may be coming to an end , but as I explained in this post here , that is not the same thing at all as resuming growth .
To get back to growth Latvia ’s internal devaluation needs to be driven hard enough and deep enough to generate a sufficient export surplus to drive headline economic growth at a sufficient speed to start creating jobs again .
This is not about a fiscal adjustment , it never was , and it is little consolation for Latvia to be compared with Greece and told that they are doing just that little bit better .
Cry Victory we are told , and unleash the jobs of war .
Would that things were as easy done as said !
Edward Hugh has a lively and enjoyable Facebook community where he publishes frequent breaking news , economics links and short updates .
If you would like to receive these updates on a regular basis and join the debate please invite Edward as a friend by clicking this Facebook link .
Celluloid Heroes : Best British Imports of the Decade
Foreign films made a big splash at the turn of the century , with many moviegoers finally realizing that subtitles were n’t so bad after all .
Though a language barrier was never the reason the British film scene failed to take off , it really came into its own in the aughts with the introduction of new talent like Guy Ritchie , Edgar Wright , and Danny Boyle .
As part of our look back at the movies of the 2000s , here ’s a list of the best British imports of the decade .
You ’ll probably notice some similarities among many of the entries , but that ’s just because when it came to delivering great genre films , the U.K. was king .
10 . “ Son of Rambow ”
Movies like “ Son of Rambow ” do n’t get nearly as big of an audience as they deserve , which is a shame , since it ’s one of the most wildy inventive family films I ’ve seen in a long time .
And who better to make a movie that incorporates animated doodles into its character ’s imagination than the director - producer duo that created the wacky , stop-motion music video for Blur ’s “ Coffee and TV ” ?
It ’s a match made in heaven , though much of the film ’s success is thanks to newcomers Bill Milner and Will Poulter , who give child actors a good name .
9. “ Billy Elliot ”
Jamie Bell may be all grown up , but “ Billy Elliot ” remains the best thing he ’s done .
A classic feel - good movie featuring a great soundtrack , a funny and heartfelt script , and a memorable performance from Julie Walters as the title character ’s chain - smoking ballet teacher , “ Billy Elliot ” was nominated for three Oscars and was eventually adapted for the stage ( with music by Elton John , no less ) where it went on to win ten Tony Awards .
Still , for as much love as the Broadway musical has received during its five - year run , the movie version is still one of the most entertaining British films I ’ve ever had the pleasure to see .
8. “ Sexy Beast ”
Though it ’s best remembered for Ben Kingsley ’s riveting turn as Don Logan , a venomous , high - strung gangster who does n’t take “ no ” for an answer , “ Sexy Beast ” is a smart and energetic crime drama that also happens to be pretty damn funny .
Of course , most of that humor comes from Kingsley ’s expletive - laced performance , and it ’s a crime that he was n’t rewarded with a nice , shiny Oscar .
Still , even though the movie is essentially the Ben Kingsley Show , “ Sexy Beast ” served as a nice introduction to Ray Winstone and Ian McShane , and will likely go down as one of the better crime dramas of the decade .
7. “ RocknRolla ”
Say what you will about Guy Ritchie , but his movies are an absolute blast to watch , and “ RocknRolla ” is easily his most mature film to date .
Though he still seems to favor style over substance , the movie still succeeds thanks to an amusing story and lively ensemble cast led by Gerard Butler and Tom Wilkinson .
Plus , that bizarre dance scene between Butler and Thandie Newton is one of the funniest WTF moments of the decade ( not to mention their subsequent sex scene ) .
Ritchie ’s films may never receive the credit they deserve ( he ’ll forever be remembered as a Tarantino wannabe , even though QT himself has been accused of stealing several times over ) , but “ RocknRolla ” is what going to the movies is all about .
6. “ 28 Days Later ”
Danny Boyle ’s “ Slumdog Millionaire ” may have netted the director an Oscar , but it ’s his 2002 horror thriller , “ 28 Days Later , ” that proved to be the more influential of the two .
Not only did it feature the very first instance of fast - moving zombies , but it completely revitalized the genre to the point that Hollywood became positively obsessed with the brain - chomping monsters .
Though Boyle ’s modern take on the zombie genre quickly earned its own legion of fans , what made the film so great was that it delivered on the kind of biting social commentary we ’ve all come to expect .
Plus , without “ 28 Days Later , ” there probably would n’t be movies like “ Shaun of the Dead ” or comic books like Robert Kirkman ’s “ The Walking Dead . ”
5. “ Love , Actually ”
There are n’t very many romantic comedies that I enjoy enough to own .
Christmas movies , on the other hand , I do n’t usually like at all .
How peculiar , then , that Richard Curtis ’ “ Love , Actually ” has become such a personal favorite of mine , because it ’s both a romantic comedy and a Christmas movie .
Though it is n’t the first film to use the gimmick of interconnecting storylines , the ensemble cast is so good that it definitely feels like it .
After all , where else can you find the likes of Liam Neeson , Colin Firth , Emma Thompson , Alan Rickman , Laura Linney , Hugh Grant and Keira Knightley sharing the screen ?
And that ’s not all .
There ’s there ’s also an amusing cameo by Rowan Atkinson , a comically sweet relationship between a couple of porn stand - ins ( including “ The Office ” star Martin Freeman ) , and Bill Nighy and Gregor Fischer as the funniest couple of all .
4. “ Bend It Like Beckham ”
This may just be the soccer fan in me , but I went into “ Bend It Like Beckham ” with pretty high expectations .
Thankfully , even though soccer does n’t play as big of a role as you might expect , the movie managed to win me over with its charming story and lively cast .
Parminder Nagra is excellent in the lead role , while both Keira Knightley and Jonathan Rhys Meyers round out the main trio nicely .
Though Knightley had yet to blossom into the Oscar caliber actress she ’s become today , you can definitely see that star quality in her the minute she arrives on screen .
Fizzy , fuzzy and lots of fun , “ Bend It Like Beckham ” may be little more than a formulaic underdog film , but it ’s the kind of guilty pleasure that no one should feel guilty about watching .
3. “ Snatch ”
Some critics may put down “ Snatch ” as a polished remake of “ Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , ” but Guy Ritchie ’s sophomore effort accents everything its former had to offer .
It ’s slicker , snappier , more confident and better acted .
It also features a career - topping performance by Brad Pitt and some of the wackiest characters ( from Vinnie Jones ’ Bullet Tooth Tony to Rade Serbedzija ’s Boris the Blade ) to ever appear on film .
“ Snatch ” is the epitome of what Ritchie does best , and though he does inhabit the same filthy underworld as some of Tarantino ’s earlier films , what “ Snatch ” may lack in originality , it makes up for with an intoxicatingly manic energy .
2. “ Hot Fuzz ”
“ Hot Fuzz ” was one of the best - reviewed movies of 2007 , and yet somehow , most people have probably already forgotten about it .
It ’s too bad , really , since Edgar Wright , Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are one of the funniest trios working today .
Their second feature is n’t as good as the 2004 cult hit , “ Shaun of the Dead , ” but it comes pretty damn close thanks to a witty script ( co- written by Wright and Pegg ) that playfully honors buddy cop flicks like “ Point Break ” and “ Bad Boys 2 . ”
Of course , the film is more setup than payoff , but when the payoff finally arrives in the form of a lengthy “ Butch Cassidy & the Sundance Kid” - style shootout , it ’s well worth the wait .
The only thing funnier than a gun-toting reverend is watching a mean old lady get kicked in the face .
Cheers to the boys of “ Hot Fuzz ” for finding room for both .
1. “ Shaun of the Dead ”
Wright ’s feature film debut is arguably one of the best movies of the decade , but it ’s also one of my favorite movies of all time .
It might not look like much on the surface , but “ Shaun of the Dead ” has something for everyone – comedy , action , horror and even a little romance .
The writing is dead on and never misses a comedic beat , like in the deftly funny tributes to “ Night of the Living Dead ” and “ Evil Dead , ” or when Bill Nighy shows up unconcerned about his bite mark because he “ ran it under a cold tap . ”
What ultimately makes “ Shaun of the Dead ” such an instant classic , however , is Simon Pegg , who took an otherwise generic role and turned him into a movie icon .
NASHVILLE , TENN .
—" America is ready for another revolution , " Sarah Palin declared as she assailed President Barack Obama in a speech before adoring " tea party " activists who would make a seemingly natural constituency if she runs for president .
" This movement is about the people , " the 2008 Republican vice - presidential nominee said Saturday as the crowd roared .
" Government is supposed to be working for the people . "
Mocking Obama 's 2008 campaign slogan , Palin noted Democrats ' U.S. state electoral losses since Obama took office a year ago with talk of hope and promises of change and asked : " How 's that hope -y , change -y stuff workin ' out for you ? "
Her audience waved flags and erupted in cheers during multiple standing ovations as Palin gave the keynote address at the first national convention of the " tea party " coalition .
It is an anti-establishment , grassroots network motivated by anger over the growth of government , budget - busting spending and Obama 's policies .
Filled with Palin 's trademark folksy jokes , the speech amounted to a 45 - minute pep talk for the coalition and promotion of its principles .
The speech also was rife with criticism for Obama and Democrats who control Congress , but delivered with a light touch .
But , aside from broad conservative principles like lower taxes and a strong national defence , the speech was short on Palin 's own policy ideas that typically indicate someone is seriously laying the groundwork to run for the White House .
Indeed , Republican observers say she 's seemingly done more lately to establish herself as a political celebrity focused on publicity rather than a political candidate focused on policy .
Catering to her crowd , Palin talked of limited government , strict adherence to the Constitution , and the " God - given right " of freedom .
She said the " fresh , young and fragile " movement is the future of American politics because it's " a ground - up call to action " to both major political parties to change how they do business .
" You 've got both party machines running scared , " she said .
Palin suggested that the party should remain leaderless and cautioned against allowing the movement to be defined by any one person .
" This is about the people " and " it 's a lot bigger than any charismatic guy with a teleprompter , " she said , jabbing at Obama .
" Let us not get bogged down in the small squabbles .
Let us get caught up in the big ideas , " she said , though she offered few of her own .
The former Alaska governor , who resigned from office last summer before completing her first term , did n't indicate whether her political future would extend beyond cable news punditry and paid speeches to an actual presidential candidacy .
All she offered was a smile when a moderator asking her questions used the phrase " President Palin . "
That prompted most in the audience to stand up and chant " Run , Sarah , run ! "
But , given the plethora of attacks that Palin levelled at Obama , she seemed like she was already running against him .
And , perhaps , as an independent .
She talked little about the Republican Party , going so far as to suggest that she should apologize to the party for her inability to get her husband to register with the Republicans .
She also encouraged " tea party " - aligned candidates to compete in Republican primaries , saying : " Contested primaries are n't civil war ; they 're democracy at work and that 's beautiful . "
Palin criticized Obama for continuing to blame George W. Bush for the country 's woes instead of blaming what she called the Democrat 's own big - government , big - spending agenda that has made the country less secure .
She called his policies out of date and said they were " running out of time , " suggesting big Republican wins in the fall mid-term elections .
She also ribbed him for Democratic losses in New Jersey and Virginia governor 's races last fall and in a Massachusetts Senate race last month , saying : " When you 're 0 - 3 you 'd better stop lecturing and start listening . "
On foreign policy and national security , Palin said he had " misguided thinking " and a pre-Sept.
11 , 2001 mindset , saying : " We need a commander in chief " not a professor of law .
" Foreign policy can't be managed through the politics of personality , " she said .
She assailed the $ 787 billion ( U.S. ) stimulus plan —
" Did you feel very stimulated ? " she asked — and said the administration 's deficit spending was " immoral " and " generational theft . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Her fee was $ 100,000 for the appearance at the for - profit event .
But she said she would not keep the money , instead giving it back to " the cause . "
She did n't elaborate .
Admission was $ 549 for access to the entire three - day gathering or $ 349 just to hear Palin 's speech after a dinner of lobster and steak at the sprawling Gaylord Opryland resort .
The cost led to criticism from even some activists that it runs counter to the coalition 's image and could preclude people from attending .
It 's just one of several " tea party " appearances Palin plans in the coming weeks .
She will speak at a rally in Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid 's hometown of Searchlight , Nevada , to kick off the Tea Party Express III tour .
In April , she heads to Boston for " tea party " gathering there around the one - year anniversary of the coalition that began last spring .
Read more about :
Three Colorado inmates who should have been housed in higher - security prisons that had no room for them are suspected of killing fellow prisoners recently in separate incidents , spotlighting a systemwide logjam of violent offenders .
More than 1,300 Colorado inmates are being held in less - secure conditions than they warrant , but the state ’s higher - security prisons are full , forcing a mixture of violent and lesser offenders in some facilities , said Katherine Sanguinetti , spokeswoman for the Colorado Department of Corrections .
The violent offenders , housed throughout the prison system , are largely responsible for double - digit increases in the rates of assaults on other inmates and staffers in 2008 , Sanguinetti said .
Meantime , a possible solution for freeing the logjam has stalled .
Construction will be completed this summer on a $ 208 million maximum - security prison in Cañon City with 948 beds , but the state ’s budget crisis will keep it closed because there is no money to hire a staff .
It would cost $ 20.5 million to open and occupy the prison , including hiring 581 full - time staff members .
The prison has no target opening date .
The assaults and murders call for immediate action , state legislators said , but given the recession and lingering budget deficit , there are no speedy solutions .
“ I do n’t have any magic bullets here , ” said Rep. Claire Levy , D- Boulder , chairwoman of the House Judiciary Committee .
“ It ’s a very serious problem when we start talking about assaults on guards . ”
She said she knew about the prisoner placement problems but not about the assaults and murders .
“ We can talk about being frugal and tightening our belts , but what ’s happening at the Department of Corrections shows us a real - world example of what happens when we are n’t able to provide services , ” Levy said .
DOC officials considered emptying a medium - security prison and sending the staff over to open the new high - security prison , called CSP II .
But there were myriad logistical issues , including that it takes more officers to run a higher - security prison , Levy said .
Sen . Morgan Carroll , D - Aurora , chairwoman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said that in the long term , Colorado needs to move nonviolent inmates out of prisons if they could be managed safely in the community .
“ We have to make space for high - risk offenders , ” she said .
But even a modest effort to do that proved tricky when parole board members struggled with hard decisions about which inmates could really be trusted to move into early release .
Inmate found slain in bed
In the latest prison murder , Thursday at Sterling Correctional Facility , correctional officers discovered the body of an inmate in his cell tucked into his blanket as though he was sleeping .
The DOC ’s inspector general ’s office is investigating the murder that happened that night while he was locked inside with his cellmate .
The suspect , whose name has n’t been released , was incarcerated on assault and menacing convictions .
He probably would have been housed in Colorado State Penitentiary in Cañon City , where inmates do n’t share cells , if there had been a bed available , Sanguinetti said .
In another case , on Nov. 18 , convicted double murderer Kevin Lust , 52 , attacked and killed 50 - year - old Ronald Ferguson at Territorial Correctional Facility in Cañon City , a medium - security prison that mostly houses inmates with medical ailments .
A DOC risk gauge showed that Lust , who shotgunned two women in Oregon and Washington and had gotten into prison fights , belonged in a higher - security prison , Sanguinetti said .
And Walter Walker , 41 , stabbed two inmates in the dining hall of Limon Correctional Facility on Jan. 2 during lunch , killing convicted murderer Daniel Duran , 33 , officials said .
At the time , Walker was serving a 1997 life sentence for killing Louisville volunteer firefighter and bounty hunter Melvin Gurule .
He too likely would have been in CSP on Jan. 2 , instead of Limon , if beds were available , Sanguinetti said .
The last time Colorado added new high - security beds to the prison system was in 1998 when Phase II of CSP opened .
Since that time , the system ’s population has grown from 13,200 to 22,600 with no new high - security beds that would allow more of those inmates to be watched more closely or locked down up to 23 hours a day .
Each of the state ’s medium - security prisons has hundreds of misplaced inmates .
The medium - security Buena Vista Correctional Facility , for example , has 393 inmates who are , under the DOC ’s classification system , technically too dangerous to be there .
They represent 45 percent of the facility ’s inmates , Sanguinetti said .
Recruiting for gangs
Space limitations at the state ’s high - security prisons mean that gang members caught recruiting inmates to join gangs ca n’t be moved out of general populations for extended periods , she said .
They can only be briefly placed in a few segregated cells in each prison , which are in high demand .
Since CSP was built , the number of gang members in Colorado prisons has increased 88 percent to 9,500 , Sanguinetti said .
“ That ’s a good chunk of our prison population , ” she said .
The incidence of violence in DOC prisons has been increasing at a much faster pace than the growing prison population , she said .
In 2008 , the number of inmate - on - inmate assaults rose 17 percent to 446 and assaults on staffers grew 16 percent to 300 over the previous year .
At the same time , the number of inmates in Colorado prisons grew less than 2 percent , according to DOC records .
Last week , a female correctional officer at a Cañon City prison received medical care after a male inmate struck her , said Gabe Hernandez , a board member of employee union Colorado WINS .
“ We ’re all watching each other ’s back , ” said Hernandez , who works at San Carlos Correctional Facility , which houses mentally ill inmates .
Currently , the only way for the most dangerous of Colorado inmates to get into the prison where they should be is to do something more heinous than prisoners already at the high - security prisons .
In the case of Lust , Walker and the unidentified Sterling inmate , murder allegations or charges have moved them to the top of the CSP waiting list .
But to get those three into maximum security where they belong , three inmates had to be moved from CSP to a medium - security prison , even though they have n’t earned the less - restrictive classification .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
One Million Dollars a Day
Created : January 15 , 2010 14:55 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
That ’s how much Scott Brown is reportedly still raising from online donors , a day after Jon Ward of the Daily Caller broke the news of the fundraising surge .
There ’s very little in the way of Democratic optimism right now –I am hearing that Democrat Martha Coakley ’s internal polls show the same floundering that public polls do–but what little exists is bolstered by stories like this one in Politico .
All Republican guns are blazing , but that does n’t translate to a ground game that can compete with the union and machine ground game that Democrats are mustering .
It ’s Republican activists in states like Texas manning the phones for GOTV calls .
Nonetheless , there ’s a growing sense that Coakley , by failing to campaign hard and define the race ( and Brown ) in December , might have created a GOP opening that ’s impossible to close .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A supermarket worker who was thought to have licked a chicken before putting it back on a shelf has been jailed .
Adeel Ayub was believed to have carried out the act in a mobile phone clip , posted by a co-worker on the internet video website YouTube .
The 30 - year - old , of Ribbleton , Preston was arrested and later admitted criminal damage - but licking the poultry was not among the five charges .
He has been jailed for 56 days by magistrates in the city .
The 30 - year - old , who worked at Asda in Fulwood , Preston , pleaded guilty to five counts of criminal damage , between August 2005 and September 2008 .
The chicken was not licked and the wrapping was damaged which would have rendered it unsaleable
Manny Anwar - Qureshi , solicitor
They relate to destroying a fire extinguisher , furniture , food stock and damaging clothing at the store .
Ayub , of Spinney Brow , Ribbleton , admitted stamping on the chicken - but denied that he had licked it .
Manny Anwar - Qureshi , his solicitor , said : " It was intended as a prank .
" There was no maliciousness intended and it should be noted that the public seems to be under the mistaken impression that Mr Ayub licked the chicken and then put it back for resale .
" The chicken was not licked and the wrapping was damaged which would have rendered it unsaleable . "
Mr Anwar - Qureshi said both his family and members of the public who attended the hearing were surprised by the sentence .
" We are currently liaising with the family as to whether they intend to appeal , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Type - 2 diabetes , an increasingly common complication of obesity , is associated with poor impulse control .
Researchers writing in BioMed Central 's open access journal BioPsychoSocial Medicine suggest that neurological changes result in this inability to resist temptation , which may in turn exacerbate diabetes .
Hiroaki Kumano , from Waseda University , Japan , worked with a team of researchers to assess response inhibition , a measure of self - control , in 27 patients with type - 2 diabetes and 27 healthy controls .
He said , " Patients with type 2 diabetes are required to make strict daily decisions ; for example , they should resist the temptation of high - fat , high - calorie food , which is frequently cued by specific people , places and events .
Appropriate behavior modification thus depends on the patient 's ability to inhibit impulsive thoughts and actions cued by these environmental stimuli " .
In order to gauge the patients ' ability to resist such impulsive behavior , the researchers used a test in which participants had to quickly press a button in response to the correct signal on a computer screen , while pressing the button in response to the wrong symbol counted against their score .
They found that patients with diabetes performed significantly worse at the test , suggesting that they struggled to control the impulse to press the button .
Other results showed that the inhibitory failure observed in diabetic patients was mainly explained by cognitive impairment of impulsivity control , rather than by deficits in motor performance , error monitoring and adjustment .
According to Kumano , " This suggests the possibility that the neuropsychological deficits in response inhibition may contribute to the behavioral problems leading to chronic lifestyle - related diseases , such as type 2 diabetes " .
###
Notes to Editors
In his video , Man Carried 9.4 Miles by Strangers in NYC , Mark Malkoff attempts to disprove the myth that New Yorkers are unfriendly by getting strangers to carry him .
He was kind enough to capture their efforts on video .
Malkoff wrote :
Here ’s a new video entitled , “ Man Carried 9.4 Miles by Strangers in NYC ” .
In it I set out to disprove the myth that New York is unfriendly by attempting to transport myself from the southern most end of Manhattan as far north possible only by having people on the street physically carry me along the way .
I ended up being carried 9.4 miles from the entrance of the Staten Island Ferry to 141st St & Broadway by 155 different people .
The footage is quite incredible !
[ ad#3_social_compact ]
– Thanks Mark
About the Filmmaker
Mark Malkoff is a comedian and filmmaker .
He has been featured on the “ Today ” show , “ Good Morning America ” , CBS Early Show , CNN , Fox News , ABC World News Tonight , “ The Tonight Show with Jay Leno ” , and “ Live with Regis & Kelly ” .
He starred in a popular short video in which he visited and consumed purchases at all 171 Starbucks locations in Manhattan in less than 24 hours .
Mark also achieved worldwide media attention by living and sleeping in an IKEA store in Paramus , New Jersey for an entire week .
Last June he stayed on an airplane for an entire month to get over his fear of flying which resulted in a Guinness World Record for most scheduled flights in thirty days .
He lives in New York City with his wife Christine .
You can check out Mark ’s work at www.markmalkoff.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
China has denounced US criticism of its internet controls , saying it could harm ties between the two countries .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Thursday for China to lift restrictions on the internet .
Mrs Clinton also urged Beijing to investigate Google 's complaints that cyber attacks had originated in China .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said the US should " respect the facts " and stop making " groundless accusations against China " .
ANALYSIS By Damian Grammaticas , Beijing For China , the row sparked by Google has put it in an extremely uncomfortable position .
It is under the harsh glare of US scrutiny on several sensitive issues : internet censorship , the silencing of dissidents and human rights campaigners , cyber attacks launched from China , and the difficulties big US companies find doing business in China .
Hillary Clinton 's criticism of internet controls would have been pretty tough for Beijing to hear .
So it is no surprise it has replied robustly .
But China is on the back foot in this dispute .
The statement called on the US to " handle sensitive issues in an appropriate way " .
Decoded , that means China would rather it was all dealt with quietly , something that does not seem likely now the argument has become so public and far - reaching .
" The US has criticised China 's policies to administer the internet , and insinuated that China restricts internet freedom , " he said in a statement posted on the foreign ministry website .
" This runs contrary to the facts and is harmful to China - US relations . "
An article on the Communist Party 's Global Times English language news website called Mrs Clinton 's criticisms " information imperialism " .
In a wide - ranging speech in Washington , Mrs Clinton said the internet had been a " source of tremendous progress " in China but that any country which restricted free access to information risked " walling themselves off from the progress of the next century " .
She said that the US intended to address issues of internet freedom within its relationship with Beijing .
She also called for tough action against people and states that carried out cyber attacks .
The US campaign for uncensored and free flow of information on an unrestricted internet is a disguised attempt to impose its values on other cultures in the name of democracy
Global Times editorial
Tech groups back Clinton stand Google 's loyal China following China 's media lashes out Google said on 12 January that hackers had tried to infiltrate its software coding and the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , in a " highly sophisticated " attack that originated from China .
Mrs Clinton called on Chinese authorities to investigate the Google complaint of cyber attacks and to make the results available .
Values ' imposed '
She also urged companies operating in China , and elsewhere , to take a " principled stand " against censorship .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The private sector has a shared responsibility to safeguard free expression ... this needs to be part of our national brand . "
Chinese officials have repeatedly said that Google and other foreign internet companies were welcome to operate within China as long as they obeyed the country 's laws and traditions .
When California - based Google launched google.cn in 2006 , it agreed to censor some search results - such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests , Tibetan independence or Falun Gong - as required by the Chinese government .
INTERNET ROW TIMELINE 12 Jan : Google says it may leave China after cyber attacks and calls for end to censorship of its search results 13 Jan : US says cyber attacks on Google " troubling " 14 Jan : China gives first reaction to Google statement : foreign firms welcome to work in China " according to law " 16 Jan : US says it will make formal protest over Google cyber attacks 21 Jan : China says its dispute with Google should not be linked to US relations 21 Jan : US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticises China 's internet controls and urges Beijing to investigate Google attacks 22 Jan : China rejects Mrs Clinton 's criticism as " groundless "
Timeline : China and net censorship
In her speech , Mrs Clinton also singled out countries such as Tunisia , Egypt , Iran , Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan as having boosted censorship or harassed bloggers .
China 's state - controlled media reacted angrily to the speech .
The Global Times said : " The US campaign for uncensored and free flow of information on an unrestricted internet is a disguised attempt to impose its values on other cultures in the name of democracy . "
Imbalances in the " global information order " favoured the West and so countries like China , which were disadvantaged in this order , needed to take steps " to protect their national interest " , the editorial said .
" China 's real stake in the ' free flow of information ' is evident in its refusal to be victimised by information imperialism . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Really interesting reading .
Scam - Detective : How did you find victims for your scams ?
John :
First you need to understand how the gangs work .
At the bottom are the “ foot soldiers ” , kids who spend all of their time online to find email addresses and send out the first emails to get people interested .
When they receive a reply , the victim is passed up the chain , to someone who has better English to get copies of ID from them like copies of their passport and driving licenses and build up trust .
Then when they are ready to ask for money , they are passed further up again to someone who will pretend to be a barrister or shipping agent who will tell the victim that they need to pay charges or even a bribe to get the big cash amount out of the country .
When they pay up , the gang master will collect the money from the Western Union office , using fake ID that they have taken from other scam victims .
[…]
Scam - Detective :
Ok , I also want to talk more about how you managed to get your victims to trust you .
I know it can be difficult for legitimate businesses to persuade customers to buy their products , yet you were able to convince people to part with their cash to get their hands on money that never existed in the first place , with at least one taking an international flight on top .
That ’s quite a skill , how did you learn to do it ?
John :
Once I had spent some time as a “ foot soldier ” (* sending out initial approaches and passing serious victims to other scammers )
I was promoted to act as either a barrister , shipping agent or bank official .
In the early days I had a supervisor who would read my emails and suggest responses , then I was left to do it myself .
I had lots of different documents that I would use to convince the victim that I was genuine , including photographs of an official looking man in an office , fake ID and storage manifests , bank statements showing the money , whatever would best convince the victim that I , and the money , was real .
I think the English term is to “ worm my way ” into their trust , taking it slowly and carefully so I did n’t scare them away by asking for too much money too soon .
Scam - Detective :
What would you do if a victim had sent money and could n’t afford to send more , or got cold feet ?
John : I would use whatever tactics were needed to get more money .
I would send faked letters which stated that the money was about to be taken out of the account by the bank or seized by the government to make them think it was urgent , or tell them that this was definitely the last obstacle to the money being released .
I would encourage them to take out loans or borrow money from friends to make the last payment , but tell them that it was important that they did n’t tell anyone what the money was for .
I promised them that the expenses would be paid back on top of their share of the money .
[…]
John :
We had something called the recovery approach .
A few months after the original scam , we would approach the victim again , this time pretending to be from the FBI , or the Nigerian Authorities .
The email would tell the victim that we had caught a scammer and had found all of the details of the original scam , and that the money could be recovered .
Of course there would be fees involved as well .
Victims would often pay up again to try and get their money back .
First Hiatt fired the only opinion writer who really held Cheney to account for war crimes , Dan Froomkin .
Then he hires a mediocre writer , and proud Catholic - for - torture , and Cheney 's former speech - writer , Marc Thiessen , for a weekly column .
So it 's perhaps no surprise that Bart Gellman , the best journalist on Cheney in the country , whose series of pieces which became The Angler is the definitive expose of the paranoid incompetent who was veep under Bush ... has now moved after twenty years to Time magazine .
Watching this paper die a sad a sordid death as it gathers a gaggle of neocon sycophants and has - beens around a proud war criminal like Cheney is truly depressing .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NEW YORK -- Gilbert Arenas tried joking about his gun trouble .
NBA commissioner David Stern found none of it funny .
Arenas was suspended indefinitely without pay Wednesday by Stern , who determined the player 's behavior made him " not currently fit to take the court . "
A day after the Washington Wizards guard was photographed before a game in Philadelphia playfully pointing his index fingers in a gun imitation at his teammates , Stern warned the former All - Star that his conduct will " ultimately result in a substantial suspension , and perhaps worse . "
Arenas is under investigation by federal and local authorities after admittedly bringing guns into the Wizards ' locker room .
The Wizards ' troubles may not end there .
The Washington Post reported Wednesday that according to firsthand accounts , teammate Javaris Crittenton , whose disagreement with Arenas reportedly fueled the incident , loaded and cocked his own gun in response to Arenas .
In text messages , Crittenton called that account " false , " according to the report .
Though Arenas first apologized Monday for his poor judgment and promised " to do better in the future , " he also joked on Twitter about the incident and the media firestorm it spawned .
After meeting with investigators Tuesday , Arenas said he feared Stern more than the authorities because the commissioner was " mean . "
But Stern apparently had enough of Arenas ' often - flippant response to a situation that has dealt the league a public relations blow .
League sources said Stern 's decision to suspend Arenas now , rather than await the results of local and federal investigations , was a direct result of Arenas ' comments and attitude .
Those sources also said it's " fair to say " Arenas ' actions on Tuesday expedited the process .
League officials were incensed by the way Arenas mocked the reactions of the media and public toward his behavior on his Twitter page and in comments to reporters -- even before Tuesday 's actions in Philadelphia , the sources said .
" The possession of firearms by an NBA player in an NBA arena is a matter of the utmost concern to us , " Stern said .
" Although it is clear that the actions of Mr. Arenas will ultimately result in a substantial suspension , and perhaps worse , his ongoing conduct has led me to conclude that he is not currently fit to take the court in an NBA game , " Stern said .
" Accordingly , I am suspending Mr. Arenas indefinitely , without pay , effective immediately pending the completion of the investigation by the NBA . "
The Wizards said they supported the suspension , calling Arenas ' behavior " unacceptable . "
According to The Washington Post , Arenas said he " respected " Stern 's decision .
" He is the same man who put me on my second All - Star team after I got snubbed by the coaches , " Arenas said , according to the report .
" That decision came down for me .
He made a tougher decision today that went against me .
And I have to accept it . "
Crittenton could be facing more trouble as well .
The New York Post last week had reported that during the incident , Arenas and Crittenton had drawn weapons in the locker room and pointed them at each other .
Arenas later disputed that account , saying he had taken the unloaded weapons out of his locker to play a joke on a teammate .
Two officials within the league , however , who were briefed on the investigation , told The Associated Press that the incident stemmed from a dispute over card - playing gambling debts and a heated locker - room conversation with Crittenton .
The Washington Post , citing two firsthand accounts of the incident , reported that after Arenas laid out four guns in Crittenton 's locker with a note that said " pick one , " Crittenton brandished his own weapon , loaded it and chambered a round .
According to both witnesses , the gun was never pointed at Arenas , but Crittenton began singing as he held it .
Arenas then laughed , telling Crittenton , " Look at that little shiny gun , " as two other players retreated to the training room , the newspaper reported .
According to the report , two of five people in the locker room at the time , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Arenas did not make that detail public in order to protect Crittenton , telling his teammate he would take full responsibility for the incident .
But Arenas disclosed Crittenton 's loaded gun in his interview with investigators on Monday , the newspaper reported , citing a person with knowledge of Arenas ' testimony .
Mark Bartelstein , Crittenton 's agent , declined to comment , according to the report .
But Crittenton , who has kept a low profile as the incident has unfolded , responded in a series of text messages .
" I have done nothing wrong .
Let the investigation process take its course and you will see that , " he said , according to the report .
" My name is dying in this situation . "
With each game he misses , Arenas , who turned 28 on Wednesday , will lose about $ 147,200 of the $ 16.2 million he will earn this season in the second of a six - year , $ 111 million contract .
As of Wednesday he had $ 9,429,505.41 remaining for this season .
Sunlight + water = hydrogen gas , in a new technique that can convert 60 per cent of sunlight energy absorbed by an electrode into the inflammable fuel .
To generate the gas Thomas Nann and colleagues at the University of East Anglia in Norwich , UK , dip a gold electrode with a special coating into water and expose it to light .
clusters of indium phosphide 5 nanometres wide on its surface absorb incoming photons and pass electrons bearing their energy on to clusters of a sulphurous iron compound .
This material combines those electrons with protons from the water to form gaseous hydrogen .
A second electrode – plain platinum this time – is needed to complete the circuit electrochemically .
New benchmark
Organic molecules have been used before to perform the same feat .
But they are quickly bleached by the sunlight they are collecting , rendering them inefficient after a few weeks .
Advertisement
The inorganic materials used in the University of East Anglia ’s system are more resilient .
Their first generation proof of concept is “ a major breakthrough ” in the field , they say , thanks to its efficiency of over 60 per cent and ability to survive sunlight for two weeks without any degradation of performance .
“ In fact the 60 per cent figure is probably a worst - case scenario , ” says Nann .
“ This is still a preliminary study . ”
Bigger net
That high efficiency is largely thanks to the indium phosphide clusters being better at grabbing photons than organic molecules .
“ Think of them as a butterfly net for catching photons , ” says Nann .
By the standard measure of the probability that a material will absorb a photon that hits it , each cluster is 400 times better at netting photons than organic molecules used in previous systems .
“ That ’s why it works so well , ” says Nann .
He and colleagues now plan to refine the system , including lowering the cost by making it with less expensive materials .
“ There is no major reason for using gold or platinum , ” he says : those materials were used simply because they are common in the laboratory .
Welcome result
The Nann team ’s experiment has been welcomed by others in the field .
“ It ’s a significant result , ” says Vincent Artero at the Joseph Fourier University in Grenoble , France .
There is still room to improve efficiency and reduce materials costs , but “ my overall appreciation of this work is highly positive , both regarding the scientific level and the promises that are held by the new result ” , he says
Licheng Sun at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm , Sweden , agrees .
“ It will certainly [ provide ] future research topics for water splitting , ” he says .
Journal reference : Angewandte Chemie International , DOI : 10.1002/anie.200906262
Defense Attorney Glen T. Jonas " Medical Marijuana is the new frontier .
Attorneys must break free of their paradigm and recognize that Marijuana is an asset , it is legal medicine , and when law enforcement seize it , they should file a motion to get it back . "
Glen T. Jonas Past News Releases RSS Bell Gardens Police Dept. Hit With ...
Today January 8 , 2010 , in Case # BA350238 , Los Angeles Superior Court , defense attorney Glen T. Jonas , argued in a motion to return property , that the court should order the C.H.P. to return 60 pounds of marijuana to his client , following the dismissal of felony criminal charges of possession for sale and transportation .
The Honorable William N. Sterling presiding , in Dept 133 . , granted the defense motion and ordered the C.H.P. to return 60 pounds of marijuana to the defendant .
On December 9 , 2008 , Saguro Doven was stopped by the C.H.P. for a traffic infraction on the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles .
The Officers conducted a search and found sixty pounds of marijuana in his vehicle .
Mr. Doven was charged with possession of marijuana for sale and transportation of marijuana in violation of Health & Safety Code Sections 11359 and 11360 , exposing him to a potential state prison sentence of 4 years , 8 months ..
On November 12 , 2009 , defense attorney Glen T. Jonas argued in a motion to dismiss , that preliminary hearing Judge Ricciardulli failed to apply the Medical Marijuana Program Act.
Judge Sterling in ruling on the motion to dismiss , stated the prosecutor ’s “ expert was n’t an expert ” .
Judge Sterling further stated , “ I do n’t see how anybody would entertain a strong suspicion that he had the stuff to sell . ”
P118:L26-28 .
Judge Sterling reversed Judge Ricciardulli ’s preliminary hearing order and dismissed the possession for sale count .
The case was set for trial on the remaining transportation count to begin January 4 , 2010 .
On January 4 , 2010 , the District Attorney ’s office appeared in Judge Sterling ’s court and moved to dismiss the remaining charge because they concluded there was reasonable doubt on the remaining charge based on the Collective Cultivation Medical Marijuana Defense .
Following the dismissal , Glen T. Jonas filed a motion to order the C.H.P. to return the 60 pounds of marijuana to the defendant .
Mr. Jonas argued that as a matter of due process the marijuana must be returned to the defendant .
Judge Sterling agreed and ordered the C.H.P. to return the 60 pounds of marijuana to the defendant immediately forthwith .
After the hearing Mr. Jonas stated , “ Judge Sterling and the District Attorney ’s Office demonstrated professionalism and impartiality . ”
Glen T. Jonas of the law firm of Jonas & Driscoll L.L.P. was lead counsel in defending Saguaro Doven .
David R. Welch , Esq. , associated as defense counsel and assisted in defending the case .
###
Follow @williams_paige
Paige Williams is a staff writer at The New Yorker , where she has written about , among other things , suburban politics in Detroit , the death penalty in Alabama , paleoanthropology in South Africa , and the theft of cultural palimony from the Tlingit peoples of Alaska .
She won the 2008 National Magazine Award for feature writing , for the Atlanta magazine piece “ You Have Thousands of Angels around You , ” about a young Burundian asylum seeker who found refuge in America .
In 2009 , while executive editor of Atlanta magazine , she was a finalist , with the rest of the editorial staff , for “ King : 40 Years Later ; ” the deeply reported package , spearheaded by editor in chief Rebecca Burns , covered the unfulfilled legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , and included Williams ’s “ Poverty by the Numbers ” and “ 30318 , ” an eleven - page feature about the unyielding poverty facing a multitude of Atlantans .
In 2011 , she was a finalist for a two - part reported essay , in O : The Oprah Magazine , on women ’s health .
Her journalism has been anthologized in multiple volumes of the Best American series , including twice in The Best American Magazine Writing and twice in The Best American Crime Writing .
In 2010 , on this website , she self - published “ Finding Dolly Freed , ” about a woman who , in 1978 , at age eighteen , published a cult - classic book called Possum Living , on “ living frugally and happily , ” and who worked for NASA as an aerospace engineer before vanishing from the public consciousness ; the “ Radiohead journalism ” project , an independent experiment in crowd - funded longform narrative and “ a la carte ” online journalism , was covered by the Columbia Journalism Review , NPR ’s “ On the Media , ” Mother Jones , Jezebel , and Wired .
Williams has taught longform narrative , investigative reporting , news reporting , features writing , and literary criticism at New York University , the University of Pittsburgh , Emory , the University of Mississippi , the Missouri School of Journalism , and Harvard , among others , and in the Knight Science Journalism program at M.I.T .
She is now the Laventhol / Newsday Visiting Associate Professor at Columbia University ’s Graduate School of Journalism , in New York .
Williams was born in Oxford , Mississippi , grew up in Tupelo , and graduated from Ole Miss with a degree in journalism .
Before magazines , she spent over a decade at newspapers including the Washington Post and the Charlotte Observer , where her investigative subjects included lax , dysfunctional government oversight of Carolinas nursing homes and the foster care system .
Her features and investigative work annually won honors that included the statewide Thomas Wolfe Award and , nationally , the inaugural Casey Medal for Meritorious Journalism .
She has been a Distinguished Writer in Residence at the University of Nevada Reno ’s Reynolds School of Journalism and was a 1996 - 97 Nieman Fellow at Harvard .
She has also been a fellow of the MacDowell Colony , where she worked on The Dinosaur Artist , a work of nonfiction to be published by Hachette Books in September 2018 .
Williams holds an MFA from Columbia University and , usually , a gigantic cup of coffee .
An international team of scientists has observed four super - massive black holes at the center of galaxies , which may provide new information on how these central black hole systems operate .
Their findings are published in December 's first issue of the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics .
These super - massive black holes at the center of galaxies are called active galactic nuclei .
For the first time , the team observed a quasar with an active galactic nucleus , as part of the group of four , which is located more than a billion light years from Earth .
The scientists used the two Keck telescopes on top of Mauna Kea in Hawaii .
These are the largest optical / infrared telescopes in the world .
The team also used the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope ( UKIRT ) to follow up the Keck observations , to obtain current near - infrared images of the target galaxies .
" Astronomers have been trying to see directly what exactly is going on in the vicinity of these accreting super - massive black holes , " said co-author Robert Antonucci , a UC Santa Barbara astrophysicist .
He explained that the nuclei of many galaxies show intense radiation from X - ray to optical , infrared , and radio , where the nucleus may exhibit a strong jet -- a linear feature carrying particles and magnetic energy out from a central super - massive black hole .
Scientists believe these active nuclei are powered by accreting super - massive black holes .
The accreting gas and dust are especially bright in the optical and infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum .
advertisement
Scientists can now separate the emission from the regions outside the black hole from that in the very close vicinity of the black hole .
This is the location of the most interesting physical process , the actual swallowing of matter by the black hole .
" While not resolving this extremely small region directly , we can now better subtract the contribution from surrounding matter when we take a spectrum of the black hole and its surroundings , isolating the spectrum from the matter actually being consumed and lost forever by the hole , " said Antonucci .
To observe such a distant object sharply enough in infrared wavelengths requires the use of a telescope having a diameter of about 100 meters or more .
Instead of building such a large infrared telescope , which is currently impossible , a more practical way is to combine the beams from two or more telescopes that are roughly 100 meters apart .
This method , used in radio astronomy for decades , is new for the infrared part of the spectrum .
This type of instrument is called a long - baseline interferometer .
The Keck telescopes are separated by 85 meters and can be used as an interferometer .
Combining the light from the telescopes allows astronomers to detect an interference pattern of the two beams and infer what the black hole vicinity looks like , explained first author Makoto Kishimoto , of the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn , Germany .
Kishimoto and Antonucci have a longstanding research collaboration , which began with Kishimoto 's post - doctoral fellowship with Antonucci in the UCSB Department of Physics a decade ago .
Antonucci points out that most of the credit for this current work goes to Kishimoto .
In 2003 , astronomer Mark Swain at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and his collaborators used the Keck Interferometer to observe the material accreting around one super - massive black hole , called NGC 4151 .
This is one of the brightest black holes in the optical and infrared wavelengths .
The observations provided astronomers with the first direct clue about the inner region of a super - massive black hole system , said Antonucci .
" The results looked puzzling in 2003 , " said Kishimoto .
" But with the new data and with more external information , we are quite sure of what we are seeing . "
According to the team 's results , the Keck Interferometer has just begun to resolve the outer region of an active galactic nucleus 's accreting gas , where co-existing dust grains are hot enough to evaporate , transitioning directly from a solid to a gas .
The W. M. Keck Observatory is a scientific partnership of the California Institute of Technology , the University of California , and NASA .
President Barack Obama says he ’s open to new ideas on health care reform .
“ Let me know , let me know , let me know .
I ’m eager to see it , ” Obama said during his State of the Union speech last month .
But he refuses to hear from the majority of doctors , nurses and regular Americans who support a Medicare for all , single payer health insurance system .
Dr. Margaret Flowers has been trying to get Obama to listen to her or the the 16,000 physician members of the Physicians for a National Health Program she represents .
Last month , she was turned back at the White House gate when she tried to deliver a letter outlining the benefits of single payer .
Also last month , Dr. Flowers and Dr. Carol Paris were arrested outside a Baltimore hotel where Obama was meeting with House Republican leaders .
Flowers and Paris were carrying a banner that read – “ Letting You Know – Medicare for All . ”
Obama was in Denver on Thursday for a fundraiser for Senator Michael Bennet .
Flowers and a group of single payer activists got into the Fillmore Auditorium where Obama was speaking .
Flowers tried everything to get the information to Obama .
She tried to get a Secret Service agent to hand deliver her letter to Obama .
The Secret Service agent refused .
She held up the banner that read – Letting You Know – Medicare for All .
Then Flowers , James Duncan , Aaron Ney and other single payer action supporters in the crowd began chanting – Medicare for All .
Many others in the crowed joined in and began chanting – Medicare for All .
Hearing the chants , Obama responded with “ There you go . ”
Flowers shot back – “ You did n’t even include us . ”
Of course he did n’t .
But then again , he had no intention to .
As former President George Bush wanted to say –
Fool me once , shame on you .
Fool me twice , shame on me .
Great focus on this one .
It may require a very slight tweaking in a photoediting program ( you pretty much always have to with digital - if that is what this is ) .
To visit Gaza for a third time in five years still induces a gut reaction of pity , depression and anger – pity at the hopeless , helpless plight of the Palestinians ; depression about their future and , ironically , that of Israel too ; and anger at the latter 's cynical policies – and impunity .
I was part of a pan-European Parliamentary delegation which also enjoyed complete political access in Egypt , including meetings with its Foreign Minister and Speaker , plus the head of the Arab League .
In Gaza we met the Prime Minister and cabinet colleagues , NGOs and the head of the indispensable UN mission ( UNRWA ) .
Relations between Israel , Palestine and Egypt are grotesquely complicated and intractable .
There are rights and wrongs on all sides and , indeed , mutual fears .
The Mubarak establishment harbours deep anxieties about infection of the Egyptian street by the populist , faith - based Hamas .
The legacy of Jewish history fosters an almost genetic insecurity , and the Gazan Palestinians live in traumatised dread of another pulverisation .
The last one , a year ago , left around 1,400 Palestinian dead ( against 13 Israeli fatalities ) and many thousands wounded .
As we saw , their already poor infrastructure , most factories , many schools and public buildings and thousands of houses were obliterated or severely damaged .
One meal was hosted for us by Palestinian MPs in their wrecked debating chamber .
Following the Gaza blitz the UN raised a $ 4.5 bn restoration fund .
Not one dollar has been spent , so vindictive is Israel 's siege by land , sea and air .
Bare survival is thanks to the tunnels under the Egyptian border , but they are now being blocked off .
If and when that is complete further radicalisation of the Palestinians and working class Muslims elsewhere is inevitable , and with it more terrorism in the West , of which the abuse of Palestine is the greatest engine .
Gaza , then , is a ghetto of 1.5 million abandoned people – half under 18 and 80 per cent unemployed – with plenty of time to feed on their resentments .
Unsurprisingly , 30 per cent want to leave their prison .
But what for me and many explodes the Israeli apologia for their conduct in Palestine , and particularly its security claims , is its relentless colonisation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem , settlers now totalling around half a million .
Nothing could be as provocative , except perhaps the assault on , and siege of , Gaza conducted with the same controlled violence as characterises the occupation of the West Bank with its hundreds of humiliating and disruptive checkpoints and a pass system which outdoes that of old South Africa .
And what about the law ?
Israel – cradle of lawyers – is in cavalier breach of International Law , the United Nations Charter , its Conventions and Resolutions , and yet is protected from the consequences which should follow ( harken to Tony Blair on defiance of UN resolutions last Friday ! ) .
Israel is now more " rogue state " than the " strategic partner " David Miliband recently labelled it .
All this is replete with tragedy and paradox .
The psychic wounds of the unspeakable Holocaust are still raw and unmanageable and also sustain the collective guilt of the West , warping political judgments and norms in the process .
Israel does what it wants , the latest example being their humiliating rebuff of President Obama 's insistence that they stop their colonisation .
The Palestinian voice is puny by comparison .
This history , which constrains so many liberal Jews in the West from speaking out on Palestine , as they otherwise surely would , is matched by the public silence of many non-Jewish critics for fear of being branded anti-Semitic – as unpleasant a tag as exists .
All this has profoundly dangerous potential .
So Israel , effectively unhindered by the US or ourselves , is deluded by the " triumph " of its machiavellian diplomacy into believing that the tactics of divide and rule , obfuscation and procrastination , will forever enable it to frustrate justice for the Palestinians .
Yet for Israel to defy the UN steadily undermines its own legitimacy , given the UN was its only begetter and may yet be needed as its main guarantor .
As for token Palestinian resistance , I sense they at least agree with the Jews in the lesson hard learnt by the latter , never to acquiesce in one 's own oppression , whatever the odds .
So Israel least of all should be surprised at the defiant trickle of Hamas rockets , against which their criminally disproportionate retribution in Gaza looked like nothing so much as the abused becoming the abuser .
I returned , as usual , miserable and ever more convinced that tough love is overdue to help save the remarkable nation that is Israel from itself .
The West should now look to the imposition of escalating cultural and economic sanctions .
Nothing else has worked and time may be short .
There will be a hullabaloo , but carrying on as heretofore would be the sin .
Mr Singh gave chase before being stabbed to death A man has been stabbed to death while chasing thieves who had snatched a woman 's handbag in east London .
Sukhwinder Singh , 31 , was attacked on Friday evening as he pursued two men who had mugged a 28 - year - old woman near Barking station .
Mr Singh , a builder , had chased the men along Victoria Road , into Uphall Road , where he was stabbed at about 1900 GMT , the Metropolitan Police said .
The father - of - one was taken to the Royal London Hospital but died .
Police said Mr Singh was an Indian national who had lived in the UK for about 10 years .
According to the Met , he had cousins in Barking but his family lived in India .
' Very brave '
Police have set up a cordon around the murder scene and officers have been searching bins in Victoria Road .
Mohammad Jubran , 22 , who lives in Victoria Road , said : " I was just coming back from the gym and , when I got home , my mum said she heard someone screaming , calling out ' Do n't let them run ' .
" It 's terrible .
I 've been living here for 16 years and it's the first time I have heard someone has been murdered .
" It was a brave thing he did . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The two suspects were described as black , aged in their 20s to 30s , and both were about 5ft 7in to 6ft .
Detective Inspector John Sandlin said Mr Singh was not connected to the woman whose bag was snatched .
He described Mr Singh 's actions as " very brave " but added : " I would not encourage members of the public do that . "
He said : " This is a tragic death of a man who was killed for attempting to stop others committing crime .
" I am appealing for anyone that knows who committed this crime , or who has any information about those who committed this crime , to do the right thing and come forward and contact police . "
He also urged anyone who had seen the robbery , the following altercation or people fleeing the area to come forward .
" It is also possible that the suspects may have abandoned the bag stolen and I appeal to anyone who may find a brown leather shoulder bag , to contact police , " he added .
' Would help anybody ' A committed Sikh , Mr Singh used to go to Singh Sabha London East Gurdwara in North Street , Barking , every evening after work .
Nirmal Singh Gill , who represents the Longbridge ward on Barking and Dagenham Council , said he knew Mr Singh by his nickname " Bittu " .
" He was a very nice young man , " he said .
" He used to go to Gurdwara every evening and was always helping .
" He did n't drink at all and was a very clean - living person .
" He would help anybody so it does n't surprise me that he was trying to help a lady .
" He did n't deserve this - nobody deserves it - but he was a special young man . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After President Obama pledged to end Do n’t Ask Don’t Tell ( DADT ) in tonight ’s State of the Union address , Senator John McCain issued his own statement calling the commitment to repeal the policy a mistake .
“ In his State of the Union address , President Obama asked Congress to repeal the ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ policy .
I am immensely proud of , and thankful for , every American who wears the uniform of our country , especially at a time of war , and I believe it would be a mistake to repeal the policy .
“ This successful policy has been in effect for over fifteen years , and it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels .
We have the best trained , best equipped , and most professional force in the history of our country , and the men and women in uniform are performing heroically in two wars .
At a time when our Armed Forces are fighting and sacrificing on the battlefield , now is not the time to abandon the policy . ”
Senator , if our military is indeed the most “ professional force in the history of our country , ” do n’t you think they can handle serving along side out gay and lesbian soldiers ?
It should be a non-issue .
Or are you simply allowing your homophobia to put our armed forces and the security of this nation at risk ?
Post by ILO on 01/27/10 at 11:51 pm
Researchers from the Charles Darwin University in Darwin , Australia ( they really like Darwin there , apparently ) thought they had schemed up a clever way to study how Australian Green Tree Frogs regulate their body temperature .
They surgically implanted temperature - sensitive radio transmitters inside the frogs ' bellies , but months later when they went to retrieve the frogs , the scientists found the transmitters scattered on the ground .
Like so many great scientific discoveries , the researchers eventually went from " huh ? " to " aha ! " according to Nature News :
Researchers have discovered that these amphibians can absorb foreign objects from their body cavities into their bladders and excrete them through urination .
For the frogs , this means that any thorns or spiny insects they swallow while hopping around trees are safely ( but painfully ? ) removed from the body .
This is the first time this phenomenon has been observed in an animal 's bladder , but some fish and snake species can absorb objects into their intestines from their body cavity and remove them by defecation .
Talk about adaptations that would make Darwin proud .
Related Content : Discoblog : A Fruit Fly With a Laser - Shaved Penis Just Ca n’t Catch a Break Discoblog : Australian Bee Fights Like an Egyptian — It Mummifies Beetle Intruders Discoblog : Jeans : Stylish , Classic , And a Decent Defense Against Rattlesnake BitesImage : flickr / VannaGocaraRupa
James Joyner · · 31 comments
It appears that Sonia Sotomayor will be an activist judge after all .
During arguments in a campaign - finance case , the court ’s majority conservatives seemed persuaded that corporations have broad First Amendment rights and that recent precedents upholding limits on corporate political spending should be overruled .
But Justice Sotomayor suggested the majority might have it all wrong — and that instead the court should reconsider the 19th century rulings that first afforded corporations the same rights flesh - and - blood people have .
Judges “ created corporations as persons , gave birth to corporations as persons , ” she said .
“ There could be an argument made that that was the court ’s error to start with …[ imbuing ] a creature of state law with human characteristics . ”
[…]
“ Progressives who think that corporations already have an unduly large influence on policy in the United States have to feel reassured that this was one of [ her ] first questions , ” said Douglas Kendall , president of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center .
“ I do n’t want to draw too much from one comment , ” says Todd Gaziano , director of the Center for Legal and Judicial Studies at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
But it “ does n’t give me a lot of confidence that she respects the corporate form and the type of rights that it should be afforded . ”
For centuries , corporations have been considered beings apart from their human owners , yet sharing with them some attributes , such as the right to make contracts and own property .
Originally , corporations were a relatively rare form of organization .
The government granted charters to corporations , delineating their specific functions .
Their powers were presumed limited to those their charter spelled out .
“ A corporation is an artificial being , invisible , intangible , ” Chief Justice John Marshall wrote in an 1819 case .
“ It possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it . ”
But as the Industrial Revolution took hold , corporations proliferated and views of their functions began to evolve .
In an 1886 tax dispute between the Southern Pacific Railroad and the state of California , the court reporter quoted Chief Justice Morrison Waite telling attorneys to skip arguments over whether the 14th Amendment ’s equal - protection clause applied to corporations , because “ we are all of opinion that it does . ”
[…]
Subsequent opinions expanded corporate rights .
In 1928 , the court struck down a Pennsylvania tax on transportation corporations because individual taxicab drivers were exempt .
Corporations get “ the same protection of equal laws that natural persons ” have , Justice Pierce Butler wrote .
From the mid-20th century , though , the court has vacillated on how far corporate rights extend .
In a 1973 case before a more liberal court , Justice William O. Douglas rejected the Butler opinion as “ a relic ” that overstepped “ the narrow confines of judicial review ” by second - guessing the legislature ’s decision to tax corporations differently than individuals .
Today , it ’s “ just complete confusion ” over which rights corporations can claim , says Prof. William Simon of Columbia Law School .
Despite efforts to prevent coverage of the Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony from leaking online , the broadcast is widely available on BitTorrent , downloaded by thousands of people .
Most of the downloaders are from the host country Canada , closely followed by the United States .
Just a few hours after the video of the Vancouver 2010 Opening Ceremony was posted on BitTorrent , it has already been downloaded by tens of thousands of people .
In 2008 Olympic torrents were hugely popular , especially the Opening Ceremony which was downloaded by nearly 5 million people .
It is doubtful that this 2008 Olympic record will be broken this year , but nonetheless , there is plenty of interest on BitTorrent for the 2010 Opening Ceremony .
As with most big sporting events there are huge commercial interests involved in the Olympics .
This is one of the main reasons why the International Olympic Committee and broadcasters such as NBC have announced a piracy crackdown , trying to prevent their content from leaking online .
“ Our aim is to make access to pirated material inconvenient , low quality and hard to find , ” said Rick Cotton , NBC ’s Executive Vice President commenting on their Olympic mission .
It is needless to say that this mission has already failed miserably .
The Opening Ceremony could be watched online through dozens of illegal streams last night , and a few hours later a high quality video of the entire broadcast appeared on file - sharing networks including BitTorrent .
Thus far , nearly 100,000 people have downloaded the Opening Ceremony through BitTorrent .
A quick look at the locations of the downloaders reveals that roughly a quarter are Canadians .
Another 15 % of the downloaders come from the United States , followed by the UK with 5 % and The Netherlands and Australia both with 4 % .
In the coming days many of the sporting events will also surface online illegally , but the interest for the opening and closing ceremonies tend to be the highest , based on download numbers from the 2008 Olympics in Beijing .
It is expected that the International Olympic Committee will be outraged over this massive rights violation .
In 2008 they urged Sweden to take action against the Pirate Bay over the Olympic torrents that they hosted , without result .
Maybe they should start offering their own sponsored downloads in 2012 ?
There is plenty of demand for it .
Blurring for Beginners
Introduction
This is a short tutorial on blurring techniques for beginners .
When I was learning this stuff , there was very little available material which was useful .
That 's not true of course - there was masses of material , but half of it was way too simple and the other half began " Let T be a vector function evaluated over the half - open interval .... " and was full of very scary multi-line equations with those big sigma symbols and things .
This article is meant to remedy that .
I 'll talk about various kinds of blur and the effects you can use them for , with source code in Java .
A Disclaimer
Whenever blurring is mentioned , there 's always somebody who says " Hey !
That 's not a real motion blur ! " , or writes angry letters in green ink complaining that the mathematics is dubious or that there 's a much faster way to do this using the sponglerizer registers on the HAL - 9000 .
Ignore these people .
This is a big subject , and this article is just for beginners ( of which I can proudly say I am one ) .
What matters is you get the results that you 're aiming for , and if the results you 're aiming for require dubious mathematics , then so be it .
If the results you 're aiming for look horrible to me , then that 's fine , as long as they look good to you .
Another Disclaimer
There 's source code in Java for pretty well everything I talk about here .
I make no claims that these are optimised in any way - I 've opted for simplicity over speed everywhere and you 'll probably be able to make most of these thing go faster with a bit of effort .
You can use the source code for anything you want , including commercial purposes , but there 's no liability .
If your nuclear power station or missile system fails because of an improper blur , it 's not my fault .
What is Blurring ?
We all know what blurring is , do n't we ?
It 's that thing that happens when your camera is out of focus or the dog steals your glasses .
What happens is that what should be seen as a sharp point gets smeared out , usually into a disc shape .
In image terms this means that each pixel in the source image gets spread over and mixed into surrounding pixels .
Another way to look at this is that each pixel in the destination image is made up out of a mixture of surrounding pixels from the source image .
The operation we need for this is called convolution .
This sounds complicated but thats only because mathematicians like to make things sound complicated in order to maintain that air of magic and keep the funding rolling in .
Well , I 'm onto them and I can reveal that convolution is not that complicated ( at my level anyway ) .
The way it works is this : we imagine sliding a rectangular array of numbers over our image .
This array is called the convolution kernel .
For every pixel in the image , we take the corresponding numbers from the kernel and the pixels they are over , multiply them together and add all the results together to make the new pixel .
For example , imagine we want to do a really simple blur where we just average together each pixel and its eight immediate neighbours .
The kernel we need is :
1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9 1/9
Notice that these all add up to 1 , which means that our resulting image will be just as bright as the original .
Without further ado , let 's blur an image in Java .
All that convolution stuff sounds tricky to implement , but luckily Java comes with a built - in and ready - to - use operator to do exactly that .
I 'm talking Convolve Op here .
Here 's the code :
float [ ] matrix = { 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , 0.111f , } ; Buffered Image Op op = new ConvolveOp ( new Kernel ( 3 , 3 , matrix ) ) ; blurred Image = op.filter ( sourceImage , destImage ) ;
The Original and Blurred Images
Fantastic !
A blurry image !
It 's not very blurry though .
Let 's do a really big blur like this :
float [ ] matrix = new float [ 400 ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 400 ; i++) matrix [ i ] =
1.0f/400.0f ; BufferedImageOp op = new ConvolveOp ( new Kernel ( 20 , 20 , matrix ) , ConvolveOp.EDGE_NO_OP , null ) ; blurred Image = op.filter ( sourceImage , destImage ) ;
Big Blur with ConvolveOp
Hmmmmmm .
Well that 's not so good .
Not only did it take a really long time , but the result is slightly odd - everything looks , well , sort of square , and what on earth has happened around the edges ?
First the edges : Convolve
Op is a timid namby - pamby thing which is scared of falling off the edge of the image .
If the kernel would overlap the edge of the image , it just gives up and just leaves the pixel unchanged .
You can change this by passing EDGE_ZERO_FILL instead of EDGE_NO_OP , but that 's even worse - the pixels round the edge just get set to zero and effectively disappear .
What shall we do ?
Well , we could pad the image out around the edges before blurring and crop the result , but that 's just giving in , and besides we would n't learn anything .
Instead , we 'll write a proper , fearless , no - nonsense operator which is n't scared of edges .
We 'll call it ConvolveFilter to distinguish it from ConvolveOp .
I 'm not going to do into details of the source in this article - there 's not enough time or space and we have a lot more filters to write yet , but you can download or view the source and it should be fairly self - explanatory .
View ConvolveFilter.java
Now the squareness problem :
The reason everything looks square is because what we 're doing here is called a box blur - our kernel is shaped like a square , as if we 're using a camera which has a square aperture .
Incidentally , do n't let anyone tell you that box blurs are useless - in fact if you 're simulating the shadow cast by a square light , it 's exactly what you want .
Anyway , they 'll come in useful further on .
Another thing : do n't get confused - I 'm using the term box blur to refer to the shape of the kernel , not its profile , which I 'm going to call a box filter .
More on this later on .
To get a more realistic blur , what we should have done is used a circle - shaped kernel .
This simulates much better what a real camera does .
That 's much better .
We 'll come back to this later on , but first a diversion back to the box blur .
Box Blur
We 've solved the edge pixel problem , but our blur is still going really slowly , and things are only going to get worse .
The problem is that the number of multiplications in the convolution is going up as the square of the kernel radius .
With a 100x100 kernel , we 're going to be doing 10000 multiplies and adds per pixel ( approx ) .
How can we get round this ?
It turns out that there are more ways to go about this than I 've possibly got time to write about , or even bother to look at .
One way I will mention quickly before sweeping it under the rug is this :
You can do a box blur by shrinking down your image , blurring it and scaling it up again .
This may be fine for your purposes , and you should bear it in mind .
One problem is that it does n't animate very well , but may not be a concern to you .
Let 's look at the box blur again :
It turns out that there 's a couple of really easy ways to speed this up .
Firstly , it turns out that the box blur is separable .
This means that we can do a 2D blur by doing two 1D blurs , once in the horizontal direction and once in the vertical direction .
This is much faster than doing the 2D blur because the time taken goes up in proportion to the kernel size , not as its square .
Secondly ,
Think about the window that we 're sliding across the image .
As we move it from left to right , pixels come in at the right edge and are added to the total and at the same time pixels leave the left edge and are subtracted from the total .
All we need to do is just do the add and subtract for the entering and leaving pixels at each step instead of adding together all the pixels in the window .
We only need to store a set of running totals which are the width or height of the kernel .
This gives a massive speed improvement at the cost of having to write some code .
Luckily , I 've written the code for you , so you win all round .
We need two passes , once to blur horizontally and once vertically .
The code for these is , of course , quite different .
But wait !
There 's a trick we can do which allows us just to write the code once .
If we write a blurring function which does the horizontal blur but writes its output image transposed , then we can just call it twice .
The first pass blurs horizontally and transposes , the second pass does the same , but as the image is now transposed , it 's really doing a vertical blur .
The second transposition makes the image the right way up again and voila ! - a very fast box blur .
Try it out in this applet :
And here 's the source code ....
View BoxBlurFilter.java
You may have noticed that we have only used an integer radius so far which makes it easy to work out the array indices for the blurring .
We can extend the technique to do sub-pixel blurring ( i.e. a non-integral radius ) simply by linear interpolation between the array values .
My source code does n't do this , but it 's easy to add .
Gaussian Blur
Now it 's time to address the speed and square - looking blur issues at the same time .
To get rid of the square look to the blur , we need a circular - shaped kernel .
Unfortunately , the trick we used for box blurs does n't work with a circle but there 's a loophole :
If the kernel has the right profile - the Gaussian profile - then we can do a 2D blur by performing two 1D blurs , just like we did with the box blur .
It 's not so fast because the sliding window trick does n't work , but it 's still a lot faster than doing the 2D convolution .
The profile we need is the familiar bell - shaped , or Gaussian curve that you 've heard of :
Gaussian Blur
Here 's some code to create a 1D Gaussian kernel for a given radius .
All we need to do is to apply this twice , once horizontally and once vertically .
As a bonus , I 've wrapped it up in a Gaussian Filter to make it easy to use .
View GaussianFilter.java
This is why the Gaussian blur is found in every graphics package - it 's much faster than other types of blur .
The only problem is that it 's not very realistic when it comes to simulating camera lenses , but more on that later .
If you want to do things like simulating shadows , then the Gaussian blur , or even the box blur may be just fine .
There 's a place for all these effects - just because they are n't realistic does n't mean they 're not useful .
The Gaussian blur is much faster , but it 's nowhere near as fast as our box blur we did earlier on .
If only there was some way to combine the two .
I imagine you 've guessed by now that there might be one , so I 'll not hold the suspense any longer :
If you do a lot of box blurs , the result looks more and more like a Gaussian blur .
In fact , you can prove it mathematically if you 've a spare moment ( but do n't tell me how - I 'm not interested ) .
In practice , 3 to 5 box blurs look pretty good .
Do n't just take my word for it :
The box blur applet above has an " Iterations " slider so you can try it out for yourself .
Box Blur : 1 , 2 and 3 iterations
Alpha Channels
A quick diversion here to discuss a problem which often crops up : Imagine you want to blur a shape which is on a transparent background .
You 've got an empty image , and you draw a shape on it , then blur the image .
Hang on - why does the blurry bit look too dark ?
The reason is that we 've blurred each channel separately , but where the alpha channel is zero ( the transparent bits ) , the red , green and blue channels are zero , or black .
When you do the blur , the black gets mixed in with the opaque bits and you get a dark shadow .
The solution is to premultiply the image alpha before blurring and unpremultiply it afterwards .
Of course , if your images are already premultiplied , you 're all set .
Blur : Separate and Premultiplied Alpha
Motion Blur
Time for a change of direction .
So far we 've only talked about uniform blurs , but there are other types .
Motion blur is the blur you get when an object ( or the camera ) moves during the exposure .
The image gets blurred along the apparent path of the object .
Here we 're just going to be talking about simulating motion blur on an existing still image - doing motion blur in animations is a whole different area .
We 're also only going to be blurring the whole image - we 're not going to try and blur an object in the image .
The good news is that we 've already done simple motion blur .
Go back to the box blur applet above and set the horizontal radius to , say 10 , and the vertical radius to zero .
This gives you a nice horizontal motion blur .
For some purposes , this may be all you need .
For example , one way to produce a brushed metal texture is to take an image consisting of random noise and apply a motion blur .
If we want to blur in a direction other than horizontal or vertical , then things get more complicated .
One technique might be to rotate the image , blur and then rotate back .
What we 'll do here though is to do it the hard and slow way .
What we need to do is loop over the image , and for every pixel , add up all the pixels along the motion path .
For a straight motion blur , this just means following a straight line from the pixel , but you could follow a wiggly path if you wanted to simulate long - exposure camera shake , say .
Spin and Zoom Blur
Once we 've got the code for motion blur in place , it 's a simple matter to modify it to do zoom and spin blurs , or even a combination of all three .
It 's just a matter of following the right path for each pixel .
For radial blurs , just follow a path going from the blur center .
For a spin blur , follow a tangential path .
Zoom and Spin Blur
Try it out in this applet :
Here 's the source code for doing these three types of motion blur :
View MotionBlurFilter.java
Faster Motion Blur
You may have noticed that doing the motion blur is a pretty slow business - all those sines and cosines really slow things down .
If we 're not so worried about quality though , we can speed this up .
All we need to do is add together a lot of transformed versions of the image in a clever way .
The clever part is that we can do a 1 - pixel motion blur by averaging the image and the same image translated by one pixel .
We can do a 2 - pixel blur by repeating this with the 1 - pixel blurred images .
By repeating this we can do an N - pixel blur in log2 ( N ) operations , which is a lot better than doing it the hard and slow way .
Zoom and spin blurs can be done by scaling and rotating instead of translating .
One filter will do all three using an AffineTransform .
Try it out in this applet :
View MotionBlurOp.java
Domain Shifting
There 's yet another way to do these motion blurs : Remember I said you could do the linear motion blur by rotating the image , doing a horizontal box blur and rotating back ?
Well , the same is true of the zoom and spin blurs , except you need something more complicated than rotation .
What you need is the polar transform :
Polar Transform
Once you 've transformed your image , a horizontal box blur is a spin when you transform back , and a vertical box blur gives you a zoom blur .
One detail is that you need a special horizontal box blur which wraps at the edges otherwise you 'll get a sharp vertical line in your blurred image where the spin angle should wrap round .
Blurring by Fourier Transform
The Gaussian blur is very fine when you want that Gaussian blur effect , but what if you want a proper lens blur which simulates a real camera aperture ?
Watch any film or TV program for a while , especially something shot at night with lights in the background , and you 'll see that things which are out of focus form disk shapes , or perhaps pentagons .
There 's also a phenomenon called blooming where bright parts of the image wash out the image , becoming even brighter compared to the rest .
These shapes are called Bokeh .
Some people love it and some people hate it .
We do n't care whether people love it or hate it , we just want to reproduce it .
Bokeh ( real , not faked )
You wo n't get those disk shapes with Gaussian blur - it 's just too fuzzy round the edges .
What you need to do it use a nice sharp - edged convolution kernel in the shape of your camera aperture .
The problem you 'll come across here is that all those tricks to do with separable kernels , iterated box blurs and the like wo n't work here - there 's no separable kernels which will give you a pentagon ( well , probably - I 'm no mathematician ) - we 're back to the old problem of the blur time going up as the square of the blur radius .
Fear not , we can turn the heavy mathematical guns onto the problem .
I do n't know how the heavy guns work , but I can aim them .
The heavy guns are Fourier Transforms .
I do n't know how they work because I was n't listening in my university lectures , but there 's a vast amount on the subject you can find on the Internet , although practically nothing practical ( i.e. with source code ) on the subject of blurring .
With Fourier Transforms , you can make a blur which takes a time unaffected by the blur radius ( in practice , dealing with the image edges means this is n't quite true ) .
Unfortunately , this means that for a small radius , it 's slow , but you really win with a large radius .
One way to deal with this is to use the simple convolution for small radii , and switch to Fourier Transforms when you reach to crossover point in time , assuming you 've done the experiments to determine where that is .
But be careful , if you 're animating a blur , you 've got to make sure that you do n't get any visible artifacts at the point where you switch algorithm - the eye is really good at spotting those .
For that reason , you may prefer to stick with one algorithm for the whole of an animation .
For still images , nobody is going to notice .
Really .
Lens Blur with Blooming
Does it really look any different ?
Surely , we can get away with a Gaussian blur ?
Well , here 's an example which will help you make up your mind .
Original , Lens Blur , Triangle Aperture and Gaussian Blur
Convinced ?
The principle behind doing the blur is not too hard , although it seems like magic .
What we do is take the image and the kernel , and perform the Fourier transform on them both .
We then multiply the two together and inverse transform back .
This is exactly the same as performing the long convolution above ( apart from rounding errors ) .
You do n't actually need to know what a Fourier transform does to implement this , but anyway , what it does is to convert your image into frequency space - the resulting image is a strange - looking representation of the spatial frequencies in the image .
The inverse , of course , transforms back to space .. , er , space .
Think of it like a graphic equalizer for images .
You can think of blurring an image as removing high frequencies from it , so that 's how Fourier transforms come into the picture .
Implementing this is actually fairly straightforward , but there are a lot of nasty details to worry about .
First of all we need some functions to do the transform and its inverse .
These can be found in the class FFT .
This is not by any means a super - optimized implementation - you can find many of those elsewhere on the Internet .
Next , we need to convert the kernel into an image the same size as the image we 're blurring ( I 'm sure there are ways to avoid this , but I do n't know enough maths - if only I 'd been listening in those lectures ) .
We also need to pad out our source image by the radius of the blur , duplicating the edge pixels as it's hard to get the FFT to deal with edges like this .
Now , the FFT works on complex numbers , so we need to copy the image and kernel into float arrays .
We can do a trick here - our images have four channels ( alpha , red , green and blue ) so we need to do four transforms plus one for the kernel , making five , but since we 're using complex numbers we can do two transforms at once by puttng one channel in the real part of the array and one channel in the imaginary part .
Now things get easy , just transform the image and kernel , complex multiply them together and inverse transform and we have our image back , but convolved with the kernel .
One last tiny detail is that the transformation process swaps over the quadrants of the image so we need to unswap .
Only one small detail remains : the FFT only works on images which are a power of 2 in each direction .
What we have to do is to add twice the blur radius to the width and height , find the next highest power of 2 and make our arrays that size .
For big images this has a couple of problems :
One is that we 're using up lots of memory .
Remember we have our images in float arrays and we need 6 of these arrays , each of which is 4 times the size of the image when it 's been expanded to a power of two .
Your Java virtual machine may well complain at you if you try this on a big image ( I know , I 've tried ) .
The second problem is related :
Things just go slower with the large images because of memory caching problems .
The answer is to split the image up into tiles and blur each tile separately .
Choosing a good tile size is an option research problem ( i.e. I have n't been bothered to experiment much ) , but is tricky - we need to overlap the tiles by the blur radius so if we chose a tile size of 256 with a blur radius of 127 , we 'd only be blurring 4 pixels with each tile .
Try it out in this applet :
View LensBlurFilter.java
View FFT.java
Threshold Blurs
Something which is often wanted is a blur which blurs parts of the image which are very similar but preserves sharp edges .
This is digital wrinkle cream and you can see this in any movie poster ever printed - the stars ' faces have all those nasty blemishes ironed out without the image appearing blurry .
Often this is so overdone that the actors look like waxworks or computer - generated figures .
Original Image and Threshold Blur
The way we do this is to do an ordinary convolution , but only count in surrounding pixels which are similar to the target pixel .
Specifically , we have a threshold and only include a pixel in the convolution if it differs from the center pixel by less than the threshold .
Unfortunately , the short cuts we took above wo n't work here as we need to include a different set of surrounding pixels for each target pixel , so we 're back to the full convolution again .
Now , although this is extremely dubious , it actually works quite well to still do the two 1D convolutions for a Gaussian blur which is faster than doing the full 2D convolution , so that 's what I 've done here .
Feel free to modify the source to do the full thing .
Try it out in this applet :
View SmartBlurFilter.java
Variable Blurs
So far we 've only talked about uniform blurs - where the blur radius is the same at each point .
For some purposes , it 's nice to have blurs which have a different radius at each point in the image .
One example is simulating depth of field :
You could take an image which is in focus all over and apply a variable blur to it to make parts look out of focus .
Real depth of field is more complicated than this because an object which is behind another object should n't receive any blur from the object in front , but we 'll ignore that and leave it to the professionals .
Now , our fancy tricks above are n't going to help us much here as everything involves precalculating kernels or relies on the blur radius being the same over the image and at first sight it looks like we 've got no option but to fall back on the full convolution at each pixel , only this time it 's much worse as the kernel might have changed from the previous pixel .
However , all is not lost .
Remember that trick with box blurs where we just added in pixels as they entered the kernel and subtracted them as they left ?
It seems as though this wo n't work in the variable radius case because we'd have to keep totals for every possible radius , but there 's a modification we can make to the trick which enables us to magically pull out the totals for any radius with only one subtraction .
What we do is preprocess the image and replace every pixel by the sum of all the pixels to the left .
That way when we want to find the total of all the pixels between two points in a scanline , we just need to subtract the first from the second .
This enables us to do a fast variable blur using a modified version of the box blur code above .
Dealing with the edges is slightly more complicated as simply subtracting the totals does n't work for pixels off the edge , but this is a minor detail .
We also need a bit more storage space because the totals will go above the maximum value of a pixel - we 'll need to to use an int per channel instead of storing four channels in one int .
Variable Blur - increasing with radius
Well , OK , but this is a Gaussian ( ish ) blur is n't it ?
What about doing that lens blur thing with variable radius ?
Unfortunately , you 're out of luck here .
I 'm not saying there is n't a super fast way of doing this , but as far as I know you 're going to have to do the full convolution thing .
Try it out in this applet , which blurs more as you move to the right :
View VariableBlurFilter.java
Sharpening by Blurring
You can use a blur to sharpen an image as well as blur it using a technique called unsharp masking .
What you do is take the image and subtract a blurred version , making sure you compensate for the loss of brightness .
This sounds like magic , but it really works : compare this image with the original .
Sharpening with Unsharp Mask
Try it out in this applet :
View UnsharpFilter.java
Glow
If subtracting a blurred version of an image from itself sharpens it , what does adding it do ?
As ever , there 's no need to guess - I 'm here to inform you .
What you get is a sort of glowing effect which can look quite nice , or quite cheesy depending on your point of view .
Varying the amount of blur added in varies the glowing effect .
You can see this effect used a lot on television for dreamy - looking transitions .
Glowing Blur
Try it out in this applet :
View GlowFilter.java
Making Shadows
Making a shadow is just a matter of creating an image which looks like the silhouette of the the shadowing object , blurring it , possibly distorting or moving it , and pasting the original image over the top .
As this is a really common thing to want to do , there ought to be a filter to do it , And here it is ...
Adding Shadows
View ShadowFilter.java
This is actually a very simplistic implementation - it just blurs the shadow and draws the original image over the top .
In practice , it 's better to not bother blurring the pixels which are completely hidden by the object .
Casting Rays
We can do the same trick to make light rays appear to come out of an object , only this time making the shadow color white and using a zoom blur instead of the ordinary blur , then adding the result on top of the original .
Light Rays
View RaysFilter.java
The rays often look better if you only cast them from bright parts of the image , so the filter has a threshold which you can set to restrict rays to bright areas .
This is a good effect to animate : make the centre of the rays move across the image and you get the effect of a moving light source behind the image .
Conclusion
Well , that 's it , and I 've not even mentioned other blurring methods such as IIR filters , recursive filters and all those other nasty things .
I hope you come away with something useful from this , even if it 's just a burning desire to buy some green ink and write me a letter .
Finally , you may have noticed that the source above relies on some other classes .
Do n't worry , here they are :
View AbstractBufferedImageOp.java
View ImageMath.java View PixelUtils.java
Since early December 2009 , consumers have been tantalized with news of the upcoming release of the ASUS Eee keyboard PC – a keyboard with all the functionality of a netbook .
It seems they wo n’t be left waiting for too much longer .
ASUS announced at CES 2010 that the Eee keyboard should be available sometime in the first quarter of 2010 .
At first glance , the Eee keyboard PC consists of a regular - sized keyboard with a 5 - inch touch display set off to the right - hand side – nothing particularly special there .
But lurking beneath this innocent - looking framework is much more than you expected .
Under the I , O and P keys lies an Intel Atom N270 ( 1.6 GHz ) processor , meanwhile there ’s also a single DIMM slot with 1 gigabyte of DDR2 memory and a built - in battery that boasts up to four hours of power .
The miniature touch display is mostly used for widgets – you can fit nine on the panel – much like a SmartPhone .
The display also functions as a touchpad and mouse buttons .
The screen is activated by a tap which initiates a click and the side display will support multi- touch gestures .
If you want to run Windows XP Home – the most likely option given the 16 - GB SSD capability – you ’ll need an external display .
A separately purchased WiCast HDMI kit will allow you to transmit wirelessly from up to 5 meters ( about 16.5 feet ) away and is capable of streaming 720 p and 1080i content .
A Broadcom HD decoder chip is also installed to improve playback .
The Asus Eee Keyboard PC is expected to be released sometime before April 2010 and should retail for between USD499 to USD599 .
Via PCMag
Recipes & Cookbooks
Whether you ’re a chef , cook , foodie or old - fashioned eater , if you ’re reading this you know that every delectable dish begins with a recipe .
Since its inception in 2007 , www.kimberlybelle.com has been home to the FOOD Maven ’s comfort - chic recipes , highlighting real foods and classic cocktails at their seasonal best .
From gourmet to girl - next - door , these recipes are now available in downloadable , collectable , free eBooks !
In addition to Chef Belle ’s four signature Season - a- Belle eBooks ( Winter , Spring , Summer , and Autumn ) , you can add to your culinary collection ( or begin a new one ) by checking out Kimberly ’s list of Ca n’t Live Without Cookbooks from her favorite author - chefs .
Recipes
Season - a- Belle
To download your copy of Season - a- Belle : Winter , Spring , Summer , or Autumn , right - click ( or Ctrl- click ) on the “ Download ” link next to your preferred size .
Choose “ Save Target As … ” or “ Download Linked File … ” and the eBook should begin downloading in PDF format ( check your browser ’s Download window if applicable ) .
If you need help or have any questions , write to belle@kimberlybelle.com with your inquiry / issue .
You have two download options for each eBook .
“ Prettier , with Patience ” will give you a larger , higher - quality file in exchange for a longer download time .
If you have a slower connection , choose “ Faster , less Brilliant ” for the smaller , lower - quality file and a quick transfer .
Winter Prettier , with PatienceDownloadFaster , less Brilliant Download Spring One Size Fits All Download Summer Prettier , with PatienceDownloadFaster , less Brilliant Download Autumn Prettier , with Patience DownloadFaster , less Brilliant Download
Ca n’t Live Without Cookbooks
It was a moment that seemingly called for a follow - up question .
On “ Good Morning America ” on ABC Friday , the former New York City mayor , Rudolph W. Giuliani , stated that “ we had no domestic attacks under Bush ; we ’ve had one under Obama . ”
The misstatement  which omitted the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , which occurred nearly eight months after President Bush took office  was roundly criticized Friday , even by some of ABC ’s correspondents .
“ Even if you assume he meant post - 9/11 this is hard to justify , ” Rick Klein , the primary author of ABC ’s online political memo The Note , wrote on Twitter .
But at the time , the interviewer , George Stephanopoulos , let Mr. Giuliani ’s assertion go unquestioned .
The segment ended a minute later with a joke about the day ’s snowfall in New York City .
Amid an online outcry , Mr. Stephanopoulos , a veteran political anchor who became a co-host of the show last month , acknowledged later Friday that the lack of follow - up was a mistake .
PC RPG fans everywhere might remember a gem of a title called Planescape : Torment , released to critical acclaim but poor sales on December 12th , 1999 .
Since the initial production run , it ’s become increasingly difficult to track down copies of the game , but Elder - Geek is proud to report some wonderful news , albeit a bit late - coming .
Planescape : Torment has been reprinted by Interplay in the PAL regions on a single DVD and it ’s now available for under $ 25 .
It was , in fact , made available in November of 2009 , almost a decade after the original release , and while it has n’t been issued in the US , Amazon.com is now fulfilling orders from an importer and you can get the game brand new for $ 20.59 .
So it ’s not exactly news , but considering the number of hours that the Elder - Geek staff & members have collectively invested in the game , it ’d be a sin not to remind the world about this amazing RPG .
I got mine .
Best $ 20.59 I ever spent .
An exhibition of his works has just opened at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne , Australia .
The show features four new works as well as famous pieces such as ' Dead Dad ' , seen above
Credit : EPA
Traditionally they 've been painted as a noble mission .
Now , two new books tell the gruesome reality of the Very Unholy Crusades
Jerusalum is lost !
Fly , fly for your lives !
July 15 , 1099 , and the Holiest City is at last in the hands of the Crusaders .
The Muslim defenders fall back from the battered , blood - splashed walls ; the innocents in the streets cower and whimper in fear , searching for places to hide their families .
Others flee to the Temple Mount and the refuge of Al Aqsa Mosque .
Arduous : Some Crusaders perished in the searing heat
For they have heard about the Crusaders from the West , and how they bring terror and atrocity to every city they capture .
The ferocious warriors of Christ have sailed and marched for more than a thousand miles .
They have fought their way across burning deserts , forded rivers in full spate , suffered dysentery and sunstroke and the perpetual attacks of the Saracens .
And they are in no mood for mercy .
The Army of Christ had finally come within sight of the Holy City itself , the city they had dreamed of for three long years , on June 7 .
In the wastes of the Syrian desert , some of them had resorted to cannibalism , slicing flesh from their fallen comrades , or from the bodies of the Saracens , to roast over brushwood fires
And a week later , they had launched their furious blitzkrieg upon its ancient golden walls .
The civilians inside were terrified , but the attackers ' situation was desperate , too .
There was little wood to build the vast siege towers , ladders and catapults they needed to breach the city 's defences , and the wells and springs for miles about had been poisoned by the enemy .
Tormented by cruel thirst and under the parching heat of the Palestinian summer sun , some turned to drinking the blood of their horses or mules .
Others simply went mad .
Yet they had already seen worse .
The crusade had begun to assemble in a rain - streaked Europe three years earlier , in 1096 .
And their long journey had been a catalogue of horrors .
En route through Europe , many of the Christian soldiers had been involved in bloody massacres of the Rhineland 's Jewish population .
And later , in the wastes of the Syrian desert , some of them had resorted to cannibalism , slicing flesh from their fallen comrades , or from the bodies of the Saracens , to roast over brushwood fires .
They had also died in their hundreds from dysentery and scurvy , losing their hair and bleeding from their eyeballs .
' People had so much dead flesh on their gums that the surgeons had to remove it before they could chew their food and swallow it down , ' a contemporary source wrote .
Unbelievable horrors :
The Crusaders fought for weeks on end
' It was most pitiful to hear people throughout the camp howling as their dead flesh was cut away .
‘ They screamed like women in labour . '
Yet whatever unbelievable horrors and hardships they had encountered , these Christian knights had endured them in the name of their religion - and their hunger for loot .
Their toughness was legendary - and now they contrived to build two great siege towers with what little wood they had to begin their final assault .
This was a guerre a l'outrance , war with no quarter given - or expected .
The Crusaders captured one Muslim , and after interrogation under torture , loaded him into a catapult and fired him back into the city .
But ' it did not throw the wretch far ' , records a chronicler of the time , without pity .
' He fell on to sharp stones below the walls and broke his neck , his nerves and his bones . '
For days and weeks there was desperate fighting .
Huge catapults - built from wood the Crusaders did manage to scavenge - pummelled the ancient walls , and the siege towers rolled ever closer to the battlements .
In reply , the Muslims unleashed blazing pots filled with ' Greek fire ' , a kind of medieval napalm made of a cocktail of sulphur , wax and tar .
It cannot be extinguished , and inflicts horrendous burns .
As this terrible barrage ripped into the Crusader army , hundreds were left screaming in balls of flame .
But the Crusaders ' ferocity and fanaticism triumphed .
Two brothers , Ludolf and Engelbert , from the city of Tournai in Flanders , were the first to stand on the walls and form a vital bridgehead .
Immediately , scaling ladders were slammed into place and dozens more attackers swarmed up to join them .
The defenders dropped back , aghast , terrified at these Crusaders ' devilish reputation .
Now , the vengeance and slaughter could really begin .
The Crusaders themselves proudly recorded what happened next .
' Some of the pagans were beheaded , others pierced by arrows , others tortured for a long time and then burned to death in searing flames .
‘ Piles of heads , hands and feet lay in the streets . '
The City of Jerusalem , holy to Jews , Christians and Muslims alike , was turned into a slaughterhouse .
' There was so much killing that our men waded up to their ankles in enemy blood , ' boasted one warrior for Christ .
Another observer , less impressed , wrote of ' the very great and cruel slaughter of Saracens .
‘ They were stabbing - even raping - women , seizing infants by their feet from their mothers ' laps or their cradles and dashing them against the walls .
‘ They spared absolutely no one ' .
The massacre was accompanied by voracious looting .
Bloodshed , greed , gold and the Christian faith were n't mutually contradictory to the medieval mind .
For many , it was a religion of unfathomable violence and mysticism .
According to one contemporary eyewitness , the Turks killed them all , ' the feeble and crippled , monks and aged women , infants at the breast , all were put to the sword '
Some sacked the Temple of Solomon for precious stones .
Others , hearing rumours that the enemy had swallowed their gold coins , wasted no time in slitting open the bellies of the dead and the living , said medieval chronicler Fulcher of Chartres , 'in order to extract from their intestines the bezants [ gold coins ] which the Saracens had gulped down their loathsome throats while alive ' .
Then , according to a description which still astounds , drenched with the blood of their enemies and weighed down with looted treasures , they marched ' rejoicing and weeping from excessive gladness to worship at the Sepulchre of our Saviour Jesus ' .
There , they sang hymns and psalms of thanksgiving for the great victory .
The Fall Of Jerusalem in 1099 is just one of the many terrible yet unforgettable scenes from the Crusades - which lasted centuries - explaining why they still exert such a dark fascination nearly a thousand years on .
Two new books on the subject , Holy Warriors by Jonathan Phillips , and The Crusades by Thomas Asbridge , have just appeared in as many months , and the spell exerted by these extraordinary clashes between Cross and Crescent shows no sign of waning .
There are place names with the ring of legend : the Cilician Gates , the Horns of Hattin , or the mighty castle of Krak des Chevaliers in Syria , without question the greatest fortress ever built .
Orlando Bloom in Kingdom Of Heaven which portrayed the standard Islamic view of the Crusades as episodes of unprovoked Western aggression
There are unforgettable characters , such as Saladin , Richard the Lionheart and the Holy Roman Emperor , Frederick Barbarossa , who was sucked into the Saleph river in modern - day Turkey on the Third Crusade and left his army in chaos .
And then there were those quintessentially medieval pilgrimages such as the Children 's Crusade and the People 's Crusade , so full of blind faith , suffering and sorrow .
The People 's Crusade was inspired by a gaunt , unwashed demagogue called Peter the Hermit .
His huge , fanatical and entirely unprepared peasant mob set off before the main body of the First Crusade to liberate the Holy Land , as if by force of will alone : 15,000 men , women and children .
Unable to afford even a place on a boat , they walked from Cologne .
And wherever they walked , these peasant pilgrims unleashed pogroms against the Jews .
The crusading ideal had stirred up deep - seated racial and religious hatred .
Astonishingly , many made it as far as Turkey , looting and ravaging the countryside as they went .
Finally , brutality was met with brutality , as a Turkish army fell on their camp , slaughtering all they found .
According to one contemporary eyewitness , the Turks killed them all , ' the feeble and crippled , monks and aged women , infants at the breast , all were put to the sword .
' They took away only the young girls and nuns , whose faces and figures they found pleasing , and beautiful young men ' .
The Children 's Crusade took place in 1212 .
By then , the victories of the First Crusade had been undone and Jerusalem had again fallen to Islam .
And so , fired with religious zeal and led by a visionary shepherd called Stephen , thousands of boys and girls aged from seven to 14 , ' carrying banners , wax candles , crosses and censers , made procession through the cities and villages , singing aloud , Lord God , raise up Christendom !
Return to us the True Cross ' .
Such hopeless naivety could only end badly .
They set off east through Germany , and then south over the alpine passes in high summer .
Ill - equipped and clad in rags , vast numbers perished .
A few reached the port of Genoa on the Italian coast , only to be turned away by hard - headed ships ' captains - and the most pathetic crusade of all fizzled out .
Unsuccessful : Despite centuries of conflict and countless Crusades , the Christian armies ultimately failed in their bid to reconquer the Holy Land
Despite centuries of conflict and countless Crusades , the Christian armies ultimately failed in their bid to reconquer the Holy Land and that ideal - in practice , so far from ideal - finally died .
But it continues to haunt us , and the Islamic world .
Yet as historians point out , the Crusades are often subject to serious misrepresentation .
Left - liberals have shown themselves peculiarly eager to accept a standard Islamic view of the Crusades as episodes of unprovoked Western aggression against peaceful , tolerant and vastly more civilised Muslim lands .
Ex -Python Terry Jones 's television history of The Crusades was an outstanding example of this , as was Ridley Scott 's movie Kingdom Of Heaven .
Bill Clinton even apologised for them .
But does this make any sense ?
It is vital to understand that , before the Crusades were ever dreamed of , Islamic armies had struck many times at the heart of Europe .
Jerusalem itself was never ' conquered ' initially by Christianity or the West , of course : Christianity simply grew there , spread by preaching .
But it was conquered by the armies of Islam in 638 , erupting out of the Arabian peninsula armed with scimitar , shield and , above all , a fanatical new faith that urged them to perpetual jihad with all unbelievers .
By 715 they had conquered most of Spain , and soon they had got as far as Northern France , only stopping with their defeat at Tours by Charles Martel .
Shortly afterwards , the Caliphate of Jerusalem ordered all Jews and Christians to bear a special symbol on their hands - the first instance in history of such a measure .
Another Muslim army ravaged France in 848 two years after they had attacked Rome , sacked St Peter 's itself and extorted promises of tribute from the Pope .
In 850 , Caliph al - Mutwakkil forced all Christians and Jews in his territory to affix wooden images of devils to their houses , and to wear only yellow garments to mark them out .
And a century later , Muslims went on a rampage through Jerusalem , plundering and destroying both the Church of Calvary and the Church of the Resurrection .
Some scholars even argue the very idea of ' holy war ' was learned from the example of Islam on the march
In this same century before the Crusades , Muslim armies captured Crete , Cyprus and Sicily .
Under Caliph al - Hakim in the early 11th century , thousands of churches were destroyed throughout the ancient Christian heartland of the Middle East , and when the Seljuk Turks captured Jerusalem in 1077 , just 22 years before it fell to the Crusaders , they too massacred some three thousand inhabitants .
All these Islamic attacks on the West occurred before the First Crusade .
Some scholars even argue that the very idea of ' holy war ' was learned from the example of Islam on the march .
Of course , nothing justifies the hellish atrocities of 1099 .
And once the Crusades were raging , atrocities were common to both sides without distinction .
Indeed , the great Muslim leader Saladin still enjoys a reputation for chivalry , in contrast to the brutish Europeans - yet this was n't always the case .
After his great victory at Hattin in 1187 , he followed to the letter the instructions of the Koran .
' When you meet the unbelievers on the battlefield , strike off their heads . '
Saladin himself beheaded Reynald de Chatillon , kneeling unarmed before him .
He went further with some other knights , handing them over not to professional executioners but to some attendant scholars and Sufi ascetics .
They were extremely grisly and drawn - out executions indeed .
As one Arab source records , 'each of these begged to be allowed to kill one of the unbelievers , and drew his sword and rolled back his sleeve .
Saladin sat upon his dais watching , his face joyful ' .
As for the carnage that accompanied the fall of Jerusalem in 1099 , it was , in fact , a good deal smaller in scale than others of the period .
Crusaders showed no mercy
The fall of the Crusader kingdom of Antioch to Sultan Baibars in 1268 , for instance , was followed by the slaughter of some 17,000 civilians , and the enslavement of perhaps 100,000 more .
Baibars subsequently boasted in letters to the remaining Crusader princes of the massacre and of how ' the pulpits and crosses were overturned , the leaves of the Gospel torn and cast to the wind , the dead devoured by the fire of this world ' .
Even greater slaughter of innocent civilians followed the Islamic capture of Christian Constantinople in 1453 , a date which arguably brought the Middle Ages to an end .
And good riddance , some might say .
Yet , for better or worse , the Crusades are still topical .
' The past is never dead .
It 's not even past , ' as William Faulkner said .
George W. Bush , with spectacularly bad judgment , spoke of the need for a ' crusade ' after the September 11 bombings .
Osama bin Laden has referred to the Crusades repeatedly as an excuse for himself and his murderous cohorts .
And only last month , there was a new rumpus over army rifle sights for our soldiers in Afghanistan being inscribed with verses from the Bible .
Some have professed bafflement at this .
Why on earth should it matter , as long as the sights work ?
But this is to forget our history .
Whether we like it or not , the Crusades and their legacy remain with us , in all their heroism and cruelty , grandeur and lunacy , and their terrible , profitless bloodshed .
Given the 15 centuries of bloody clashes between Islam and Christendom , it is hardly surprising that tensions should exist today between these two great civilisations , and tragically , that these tensions should still erupt in spasmodic , fanatical violence .
But there is surely some hope in the fact that , in Western Europe at least , the great majority of Muslims and Christians do live side by side with one another , without feeling the need to be forever at each other 's throats , or wading ankle deep in each other 's newly - spilled blood .
• William Napier 's bestselling Attila trilogy is published by Orion .
Hello , I'm Paul Stovell
I 'm a Brisbane - based software developer , and founder of Octopus Deploy , a DevOps automation software company .
This is my personal blog where I write about my journey with Octopus and software development .
We 're having a big problem in America these days , with the forces of antireality on the march to deceive our children .
Evolution is a big target for them , of course , and I need not belabor the battle here .
But what can we do ?
We need to excite kids about the real world , and about evolution in particular .
And we need to do it in a wonderful way , grabbing their attention , staying positive , and revealing all the beauty and majesty of the way life has self - propagated on this planet of ours .
Daniel Loxton has come to the rescue !
He 's the brain behind Skeptic Magazine 's Junior Skeptic , a terrific feature designed to get young kids thinking .
His experience putting that together is clear in his new book , Evolution : How We and All Living Things Came to Be .
This book has everything for younger readers : excellent writing , simple yet compelling layout , and a diversity of topics in evolution and its related studies which give the reader a solid background in evolutionary biology .
That 's critical , as it gives them a basis on which they can build when they read more about the topic .
And Daniel covers a lot of topics , like transitional fossils , population growth , diversity of species , how we know that life changes over time , mutations , natural selection , and more .
He even deals simply and efficiently with the topic of religion at the very end , telling the reader to talk to family , friends , and religious leaders about it .
While I might disagree with him a bit ( really , just a bit ) over the boundaries of religion and science we 've had a few discussion on Twitter about this -- I think he deals with the topic elegantly in the book .
After all , the book is n't about religion , and instead of being arrogant or dismissive , he relies on the book itself being an effective treatment of the topic .
I think that was a shrewd move .
And I simply cannot praise the illustrations enough , which were done by Daniel himself .
WOW !
The drawings are simply magnificent ; the Archeopteryx on the cover will grab any kid 's attention , as will the gorgeous T - Rex on the first page .
My favorite drawing was this one , which he also uses as a banner for the book :
It shows two women of different eras , and it beautifully demonstrates our similarities and differences .
And the woman on the right is an actual human -- Daniel 's wife ! -- something of a well - known skeptic herself .
I bet if you come to TAM with a copy of the book , you can find her yourself and get both her and Daniel to sign it ...
I think this book is absolutely terrific , and if you 're looking for a simple statement about it , then how about this ?
Simply put , I would 've loved this book when I was a kid .
It would have made me want to be a scientist .
You can get buy a copy of Evolution through the Skeptics.com website , or if you donate $ 100 they 'll send you a copy for free .
I know , it 's not really free then , but you 'll be helping out a good group of skeptics , so it 's a good thing to do .
If you prefer , it 's also available on Amazon and Amazon.ca .
My suggestion : buy several copies and give them away as gifts to kids .
And maybe one for your local school as well .
I know they could use it there .
What we are talking about here are corsets and bustiers .
Modern day fashion has brought the corset and the bustier from the inside of an outfit to the outfit itself , usually being paired by a pair of sexy jeans , a mini denim skit , or even tutus .
By : Jenny
End
--
What we are talking about here are corsets and bustiers .
Modern day fashion has brought the corset and the bustier from the inside of an outfit to the outfit itself , usually being paired by a pair of sexy jeans , a mini denim skit , or even tutus .
Women with a fuller build are the ones that really benefit from wearing corsets and bustiers .
Plus size corsets hug all the right places that need to be cinched and at the same time , they also make the places that you want to be accentuated really stand out - like the chest and the hips , giving that fantastic hour - glass figure that everyone longs for .
Plus size corsets are really heaven sent for the bbw ( big beautiful woman ) .
A big question that may be tickling the minds of those that wear plus size corsets is that they are very similar to bustiers .
To help settle a rather trivial but curious dispute let us differentiate the twins of the lingerie world , the bustier and the corset .
Bustier : A bustier is a sleeveless top that spans the bust to the waist ( sometimes touching the hips or the top area of the butt ) and it is worn either as lingerie or as outer clothing .
It is form fitting and it may sometimes have garters attached to it .
Modern bustiers now have thin lacy straps but most bustiers are like tube tops .
Corset : The corset was developed more than a millennium ago .
It is a close fitted boned undergarment that shapes a woman ’s torso .
It can either extend from above or below the bust to the hips , giving that appropriate binding effect to have a flatter waistline .
As you can see from the definition above , the two are more likely to be called as twins .
They look the same and they practically do the same thing .
But in the interest of settling the debate , one huge difference between the two is that the corset came first in terms of origin while the bustier came trailing decades later .
A more prominent difference is that a corset does not always cover the breasts while a bustier always does .
A corset that covers the chest area is called an over - bust corset .
In any case , both lingerie styles can be worn in and out of the bedroom .
Especially for plus size women , you really want to emphasize the breasts as they are usually one of the best assets a fuller woman has .
Wearing a plus size corset or a plus size bustier can further enhance that , giving you a more voluptuous appearance .
Some women are hesitant in wearing a plus size corset in public , but if you wear it in good taste , then there is nothing to be worried about .
Just make sure you wear it in appropriate places such as parties and clubs and you can never go wrong !
Whether you are looking for corset or bustiers , there is a wide selection here at http://www.lingerie- supplies.com
Tags
St. Thomas Aquinas ( 1225 –1274 ) was the towering intellect of the High Middle Ages , the man who built on the philosophical system of Aristotle , on the concept of natural law , and on Christian theology to forge " Thomism , " a mighty synthesis of philosophy , theology and the sciences of man .
This young Italian was born an aristocrat , son of Landulph , count of Aquino at Rocco Secca in the kingdom of Naples .
Thomas studied at an early age with the Benedictines , and later at the University of Naples .
At the age of 15 he tried to enter the new Dominican Order , a place for Church intellectuals and scholars , but was physically prevented from doing so by his parents , who kept him confined for two years .
Finally , St. Thomas escaped , joined the Dominicans , and then studied at Cologne and finally at Paris under his revered teacher , Albert the Great .
Aquinas took his doctorate at the University of Paris , and taught there as well as at other university centers in Europe .
Aquinas was so immensely corpulent that it was said that a large section had to be carved out of the round dinner table so that he could sit at it .
Aquinas wrote numerous works , beginning with his Commentary on Peter Lombard 's Sentences in the 1250s , and ending with his masterful and enormously influential three - part Summa Theologica , written between 1265 and 1273 .
It was the Summa , more than any other work , that was to establish Thomism as the mainstream of Catholic scholastic theology in centuries to come .
Until recently , historical studies of the just price typically began with St. Thomas , as if the entire discussion had suddenly leapt into being in the ample person of Aquinas in the thirteenth century .
We have seen , however , that Aquinas worked in a long and rich canonist , Romanist and theological tradition .
It is not surprising that Aquinas followed his revered teacher , St. Albert , and the other theologians of the previous century in insisting on the just price for all exchanges and , not being content with the more liberal legist creed of free bargaining up to the alleged point of laesio enormis , in asserting that divine law , which must take precedence over human law , demands complete virtue , or the precise just price .
Unfortunately , in discussing the just price , St. Thomas stored up great trouble for the future by being vague about what precisely the just price is supposed to be .
As a founder of a system built on the great Aristotle , Aquinas , following St. Albert before him , felt obliged to incorporate the Aristotelian analysis of exchange into his theory , with all the ambiguities and obscurities that that entailed .
St. Thomas was clearly an Aristotelian in adopting the latter 's trenchant view that the determinant of exchange value was the need , or utility , of consumers , as expressed in their demand for products .
And so , this proto-Austrian aspect of value based on demand and utility was reinstated in economic thought .
On the other hand , Aristotle 's erroneous view of exchange as " equating " values was rediscovered , along with the indecipherable shoemaker - builder ratio .
Unfortunately , in the course of the Commentary to the ( Nichomachean ) Ethics , Thomas followed St. Albert in seeming to add to utility , as a determinant of exchange value , labor plus expenses .
This gave hostage to the later idea that St. Thomas had either added to Aristotle 's utility theory of value a cost of production theory ( labor plus expenses ) , or even replaced utility by a cost theory .
Some commentators have even declared that Aquinas had adopted a labor theory of value , capped by the notorious and triumphant sentence by the twentieth century Anglican socialist historian Richard Henry Tawney : " The true descendant of the doctrines of Aquinas is the labor theory of value .
The last of the Schoolmen is Karl Marx . "
It has taken historians several decades to recover from Tawney 's disastrous misinterpretation .
Indeed , the scholastics were sophisticated thinkers and social economists who favored trade and capitalism , and advocated the common market price as the just price , with the exception of the problem of usury .
Even in value theory , the labor plus expenses discussion in Aquinas is an anomaly .
For labor plus expenses ( never just labor ) appears only in Aquinas 's Commentary and not in the Summa , his magnum opus .
Moreover , we have seen that labor plus expenses was a formula generally used in Aquinas 's times to justify the profits of merchants rather than as a means of determining economic value .
It is therefore likely that Aquinas was using the concept in this sense , making the sensible point that a merchant who failed in the long run to cover his costs and not to make profits would go out of business .
" It was the peculiar fate of the usury prohibition in the Middle Ages that every time it seemed to be weakening in the face of reality , theorists would strengthen the ban . "
In addition , there are many indications that Aquinas adhered to the common view of the Churchmen of his and previous times that the just price was the common market price .
If so , then he could scarcely also hold that the just price equaled cost of production , since the two can and do differ .
Thus his conclusion in the Summa was that " the value of economic goods is that which comes into human use and is measured by a monetary price , for which purpose money was invented . "
Particularly revealing was a reply Aquinas made as early as 1262 in a letter to Jacopo da Viterbo ( d. 1308 ) , a lector of the Dominican monastery in Florence and later archbishop of Naples .
In his letter , Aquinas referred to the common market price as the normative and just price with which to compare other contracts .
Moreover , in the Summa , Aquinas notes the influence of supply and demand on prices .
A more abundant supply in one place will tend to lower price in that place , and vice versa .
Furthermore , St. Thomas described without at all condemning the activities of merchants in making profits by buying goods where they were abundant and cheap , and then transporting and selling them in places where they are dear .
None of this looks like a cost - of - production view of the just price .
Finally , and most charmingly and crucially , Aquinas , in his great Summa , raised a question that had been discussed by Cicero .
A merchant is carrying grain to a famine - stricken area .
He knows that soon other merchants are following him with many more supplies of grain .
Is the merchant obliged to tell the starving citizenry of the supplies coming soon and thereby suffer a lower price , or is it all right for him to keep silent and reap the rewards of a high price ?
To Cicero , the merchant was duty - bound to disclose his information and sell at a lower price .
But St. Thomas argued differently .
Since the arrival of the later merchants was a future event and therefore uncertain , Aquinas declared justice did not require him to tell his customers about the impending arrival of his competitors .
He could sell his own grain at the prevailing market price for that area , even though it was extremely high .
Of course , Aquinas went on amiably , if the merchant wished to tell his customers anyway , that would be especially virtuous , but justice did not require him to do so .
There is no starker example of Aquinas 's opting for the just price as the current price , determined by demand and supply , rather than the cost of production ( which of course did not change much from the area of abundance to the famine area ) .
A piece of indirect evidence is that Giles of Lessines ( d. c.1304 ) , a student of Albert and Aquinas and a Dominican professor of theology at Paris , analyzed the just price similarly , and flatly declared that it was the common market price .
Giles stressed , furthermore , that a good is properly worth as much as it can be sold for without coercion or fraud .
It should come as no surprise that Aquinas , in contrast to Aristotle , was highly favorable towards the activities of the merchant .
Mercantile profit , he declared , was a stipend for the merchant 's labor , and a reward for shouldering the risks of transportation .
In a commentary to Aristotle 's Politics ( 1272 ) , Aquinas noted shrewdly that greater risks in sea transportation resulted in greater profits for merchants .
In his Commentary to the Sentences of Peter Lombard , written in the 1250s , Thomas followed preceding theologians in arguing that merchants could ply their trade without committing sin .
But in his later work , he was far more positive , pointing out that merchants perform the important function of bringing goods from where they are abundant to where they are scarce .
Particularly important was Aquinas 's brief outline of the mutual benefit each person derives from exchange .
As he put it in the Summa : " buying and selling seems to have been instituted for the mutual advantage of both parties , since one needs something that belongs to the other , and conversely . "
Building on Aristotle 's theory of money , Aquinas pointed out its indispensability as a medium of exchange , a " measure " of expression of values , and a unit of account .
In contrast to Aristotle , Aquinas was not frightened at the idea of the value of money fluctuating on the market .
On the contrary , Aquinas recognized that the purchasing power of money was bound to fluctuate , and was content if it fluctuated , as it usually did , more stably than did particular prices .
It was the peculiar fate of the usury prohibition in the Middle Ages that every time it seemed to be weakening in the face of reality , theorists would strengthen the ban .
At a time when the highly sophisticated and knowledgeable Cardinal Hostiensis was seeking to soften the prohibition , St. Thomas Aquinas unfortunately tightened it once more .
Like his teacher St. Albert , Aquinas added the Aristotelian objection to the medieval ban on usury , except that Aquinas also inserted something new .
In the medieval tradition of starting with the conclusion — the crushing of usury — and seizing any odd argument to hand which might lead to it , Aquinas added a new twist to Aristotelian doctrine .
Instead of stressing the barrenness of money as a major argument against usury , Aquinas seized on the term " measure " and stressed that since money , in terms of money , of course , has a fixed legal face value , this means that the formal nature of money must be to remain fixed .
The purchasing power of money can fluctuate due to changes in the supply of goods ; that is legitimate and natural .
But when the holder of money sets out to produce variations in its value by charging interest , he violates the nature of money and is therefore sinful and mindless of the natural law .
" Yet , despite the inner contradictions rife in St Thomas 's treatment of usury and the societas , his entire doctrine continued to be dominant for 200 years . "
That such arrant nonsense should swiftly assume a central place in all later scholastic prohibitions of usury is testimony to the way that irrationality can seize the thought of even so great a champion of reason as Aquinas ( and his followers ) .
Why the fixed legal face value of a coin should mean that its value in exchange — at least from the side of money — should not change ; or why the charging of interest should be confused with a change in the purchasing power of money , simply testifies to the human propensity for fallacy , especially when prohibiting usury had already become the overriding goal .
But Aquinas 's argument against usury involved another invention of his own .
Money , to him , is totally " consumed " ; it " disappears " in exchange .
Therefore money 's use is equivalent to its ownership .
Hence , when one charges interest on a loan , one is charging twice , for the money itself and for its use , although they are one and the same .
Highlighting this odd thesis was Aquinas 's discussion of why it was legitimate for an owner of money to charge rent for someone to display a coin .
In that case , there is a bailment , a charge for keeping one 's money in trust .
But the reason why this charge is licit , for Aquinas , is that the display of money is only a " secondary " use , a use separate from its ownership , since money is not " consumed " or does not disappear in the process .
The primary use of money is to disappear in the purchase of goods .
There are several grave problems with this new weapon invented by Aquinas with which to beat usury .
First , what is wrong with charging " twice , " for ownership and use ?
Second , even if somehow wrong , this act scarcely bears the weight of sin and excommunication that the Catholic Church had loaded for centuries upon the hapless usurer .
And third , if Aquinas had looked beyond the legal formalism of money , and at the goods which the borrower purchased with his loan , he might have seen that these purchased goods were in an important sense " fruitful , " so that while the money " disappeared " in purchases , in an economic sense the goods - equivalent of money was retained by the borrower .
St. Thomas 's stress on consumption of money led to a curious shift on the usury question .
In contrast to all theorists since Gratian , the sin now became not charging interest on a loan per se , but only on a good — money — that disappears .
Therefore , for Aquinas , charging interest on a loan of goods in kind would not be condemned as " usury . "
But if the usury prohibition on money was tightened with new arguments , Aquinas continued and strengthened the previous tradition of justifying investments in a partnership ( societas ) .
A societas was licit because each partner retained ownership of his money , and ran the risk of loss ; hence profit on such risky investments was legitimate .
In the late eleventh century , Ivo of Chartres had already briefly distinguished a societas from a usurious loan , and the distinction was elaborated in the early thirteenth century by the theologian Robert of Courçon ( c. 1204 ) , and in John Teutonicus " Gloss on Gratian ( 1215 ) .
Courçon had made it clear that even an inactive partner risked his capital in an enterprise .
This of course meant that types of inactive partnerships , such as sea loans for specific voyages , slid over into actual loans , and the lines were often fuzzy .
Besides , and this was a problem that no one at the time would face , was n't any lender necessarily risking his capital , since a borrower could always turn out to be unable to repay even the principal of a loan ?
" The Aquinas–John of Paris–Locke view is the ' labor theory ' ( defining ' labor ' as the expenditure of human energy rather than working for a wage ) of the origin of property , not a labor theory of value . "
Aquinas now lent his enormous authority to the view that the societas was perfectly licit and not usurious .
He succinctly declared that the investor of money does not transfer ownership to a working partner ; that ownership is retained by the investor ; so that he risks his money and can legitimately earn a profit on the investment .
The trouble with this , however , is that Aquinas here abandons his own thesis that the ownership of money is the same thing as its use .
For the use of the money was transferred to the working partner , and therefore on St. Thomas 's own grounds he should have condemned all partnerships , as well as the societas , as illicit and usurious .
Confronting a thirteenth century world in which the societas flourished and was crucial to commercial and economic life , it was unthinkable to Aquinas that he should throw the economy into chaos by condemning this well - established instrument of trade and finance .
Instead of ownership going with the use of a consumable item , then , Aquinas now advanced the idea of ownership going with incidence of risk .
The investor risks his capital ; therefore , he retains ownership of his investment .
A seemingly sensible way out , but flimsy ; not only did Aquinas thereby contradict his own bizarre ownership theory , he also failed to realize that , after all , not all ownership need be particularly risky .
Another problem is that the risk - taker is making a profit on the investment of money , which is supposed to be sterile .
Instead of stating that all profit should go to the working partner , St. Thomas explicitly says that the capitalist rightly receives the " gain coming thence , " i.e. from the use of his money , " as from his own property . "
It looks very much as if St. Thomas is here treating money as fertile and productive , providing an independent reward to the capitalist .
Yet , despite the inner contradictions rife in St. Thomas 's treatment of usury and the societas , his entire doctrine continued to be dominant for 200 years .
Finally , Aquinas was a firm believer in the superiority of private to communal property and resource ownership .
Private ownership becomes a necessary feature of man 's earthly state .
It is the best guarantee of a peaceful and orderly society , and it provides maximum incentive for the care and efficient use of property .
Thus , in the Summa , St. Thomas keenly writes : " every man is more careful to procure what is for himself alone than that which is common to many or to all since each one would shirk the labor and leave to another that which concerns the community , as happens where there are a great number of servants . "
Furthermore , developing the Roman law theory of acquisition , Aquinas , anticipating the famous theory of John Locke , grounded the right of original acquisition of property on two basic factors : labor and occupation .
The initial right of each person is to ownership over his own self , in Aquinas 's view in a " proprietary right over himself . "
Such individual self - ownership is based on the capacity of man as a rational being .
Next , cultivation and use of previously unused land establishes a just property title in the land in one man rather than in others .
St. Thomas 's theory of acquisition was further clarified and developed by his close student and disciple , John of Paris ( Jean Quidort , c.1250 –1306 ) , a member of the same Dominican community of St. Jacques in Paris as Aquinas .
Championing the absolute right of private property , Quidort declared that lay property
is acquired by individual people through their own skill , labour and diligence , and individuals , as individuals , have right and power over it and valid lordship ; each person may order his own and dispose , administer , hold or alienate it as he wishes , so long as he causes no injury to anyone else ; since he is lord .
This " homesteading " theory of property has been held by many historians to be the ancestor of the Marxian labor theory of value .
But this charge confuses two very different things : determination of the economic value or price of a good , and a decision on how unused resources are to go over into private hands .
The Aquinas–John of Paris–Locke view is the " labor theory " ( defining " labor " as the expenditure of human energy rather than working for a wage ) of the origin of property , not a labor theory of value .
" This ' passive ' as opposed to ' active ' concept of rights reflected the network of interwoven , customary and status claims that marked the Middle Ages .
This is , in an important sense , the ancestor of the modern assertion of such ' claim - rights ' as ' the right to a job ' , the ' right to three square meals a day ' , etc. , all of which can only be fulfilled by coercing others to obtain them . "
In contrast to his forerunner Aristotle , labor for Aquinas was scarcely to be despised .
On the contrary , labor is a dictate of positive , natural and divine law .
Aquinas is very much aware that God in the Bible gave the dominion over all the earth to man for his use .
Man 's function is to take the materials provided by nature and , by discerning natural law , to mould that reality to achieve his purposes .
While Aquinas scarcely has any conception of economic growth or capital accumulation , he clearly posits man as active molder of his life .
Gone is the passive Greek ideal of conforming to given conditions or to the requirements of the polis .
Perhaps St. Thomas 's most important contribution concerned the underpinning or framework of economics rather than strictly economic matters .
For in reviving and building on Aristotle , St. Thomas introduced and established in the Christian world a philosophy of natural law , a philosophy in which human reason is able to master the basic truths of the universe .
In the hands of Aquinas as in Aristotle , philosophy , with reason as its instrument of knowledge , became once again the queen of the sciences .
Human reason demonstrated the reality of the universe , and of the natural law of discoverable classes of entities .
Human reason could know about the nature of the world , and it could therefore know the proper ethics for mankind .
Ethics , then , became decipherable by reason .
This rationalist tradition cut against the " fideism " of the earlier Christian Church , the debilitating idea that only faith and supernatural revelation can provide an ethics for mankind .
Debilitating because if the faith is lost , then ethics is lost as well .
Thomism , in contrast , demonstrated that the laws of nature , including the nature of mankind , provided the means for man 's reason to discover a rational ethics .
To be sure , God created the natural laws of the universe , but the apprehension of these natural laws was possible whether or not one believed in God as creator .
In this way , a rational ethic for man was provided on a truly scientific rather than on a supernatural foundation .
In the subset of natural law theory that deals with rights , St. Thomas led a swing back from the twelfth century concept of a right as a claim on others rather than as an inviolable area of property right , of the dominion of an individual , to be defended from all others .
In a brilliant work , Professor Richard Tuck points out that early Roman law was marked by an " active " property right / dominion view of rights , while the later twelfth century Romanists at Bologna converted the concept of " right " to the passive listing of claims on other men .
This " passive " as opposed to " active " concept of rights reflected the network of interwoven , customary and status claims that marked the Middle Ages .
This is , in an important sense , the ancestor of the modern assertion of such " claim - rights " as " the right to a job , " the " right to three square meals a day , " etc. , all of which can only be fulfilled by coercing others to obtain them .
At thirteenth century Bologna , however , Accursius began a swing back to an active property rights theory , with the property of each individual a dominion which must be defended against all others .
Aquinas adopted the idea of a natural dominion without , however , going all the way to a genuine natural rights theory , which asserts that private property is natural and not a convention created by society or government .
Aquinas was moved to adopt the dominion theory because of the mighty late thirteenth century ideological battles between the Dominican and Franciscan Orders .
The Franciscans , committed to total poverty , claimed that their subsistence use of resources was not really private property ; this pleasant fiction enabled the Franciscans to claim that , in their state of voluntary poverty , they had risen above the ownership or possession of property .
They maintained oddly that purely consumption use of resources , such as they engaged in , did not imply the possession of property .
Supposedly , the sale or giving away of a resource was necessary to qualify it as property .
Self - sufficiency or isolation did not , according to the Franciscan view , allow property to exist .
The rival Dominicans , including Aquinas , understandably upset by this claim , began to insist that all use necessarily implied dominion , the possession and control of resources , and therefore property .
This should now get interesting with Gulf War Veterans 90 - 91 and to present and their health effects that our own government has ignored for 19 years
Iraq to sue US , Britain over depleted uranium bombs
Iraq ’s Ministry for Human Rights will file a lawsuit against Britain and the US over their use of depleted uranium bombs in Iraq , an Iraqi minister says .
Iraq ’s Minister of Human Rights , Wijdan Mikhail Salim , told Assabah newspaper that the lawsuit will be launched based on reports from the Iraqi ministries of science and the environment .
According to the reports , during the first year of the US and British invasion of Iraq , both countries had repeatedly used bombs containing depleted uranium .
According to Iraqi military experts , the US and Britain bombed the country with nearly 2,000 tons of depleted uranium bombs during the early years of the Iraq war .
Atomic radiation has increased the number of babies born with defects in the southern provinces of Iraq .
Iraqi doctors say they ’ have been struggling to cope with the rise in the number of cancer cases — especially in cities subjected to heavy U - S and British bombardment .
The high rate of birth defects and cancer cases will move in the coming years to the central and northern provinces of Iraq since the radiation may penetrate the soil and water by air .
The ministry will seek compensation for the victims of these bombs .
MGH /JG/DT
It was n't supposed to happen like this .
Two years ago a team of U.S. and Greek archaeologists were combing a gorge on the island of Crete ( map ) in Greece , hoping to find tiny stone tools employed by seafaring people who had plied nearby waters some 11,000 years ago .
Instead , in the midst of the search , Providence College archaeologist Thomas Strasser and his team came across a whopping surprise — a sturdy 5 - inch - long ( 13 - centimeter - long ) hand ax .
Knapped from a cobble of local quartz stone , the rough - looking tool resembled hand axes discovered in Africa and mainland Europe and used by human ancestors until about 175,000 years ago .
This stone tool technology , which could have been useful for smashing bones and cutting flesh , had been relatively static for over a million years .
Crete has been surrounded by vast stretches of sea for some five million years .
The discovery of the hand ax suggests that people besides technologically modern humans — possibly Homo heidelbergensis — island - hopped across the Mediterranean tens of thousands of millennia earlier than expected .
Many researchers have hypothesized that the early humans of this time period were not capable of devising boats or navigating across open water .
But the new discoveries hint that these human ancestors were capable of much more sophisticated behavior than their relatively simple stone tools would suggest .
" I was flabbergasted , " said Boston University archaeologist and stone - tool expert Curtis Runnels .
" The idea of finding tools from this very early time period on Crete was about as believable as finding an iPod in King Tut 's tomb . "
Even so , as researchers from the Directorate of Paleoanthropology and Speleology of South Greece and four U.S. universities combed the island , evidence of this unlikely journey kept mounting .
The team found more than 30 hand axes , as well as other stone tools of similar vintage , embedded into geological deposits at nine different locations on the southwestern coast of Crete near the town of Plakias .
Some artifacts had possibly eroded out from caves in the sea cliffs , becoming incorporated into ancient beach deposits .
Over time , geological processes lifted these ancient beaches up and away from the shore , forming natural terraces .
The team ’s geologists dated the youngest of the terraces associated with the hand axes to at least 45,000 years ago using radiocarbon dating , and they estimated the oldest terrace with stone tools to be at least 130,000 years ago .
Early Humans " Not Lost at Sea " ?
The dating of the sites has convinced project leader Strasser that early humans were voyaging across the Mediterranean tens of millennia earlier than believed .
" These early people were intentional seafarers , " he emphasized , " not individuals lost at sea . "
How long was their sea journey ?
It depends when they traveled and where they came from .
Maps of the coastal shelves suggest that even when the Mediterranean reached its lowest known point , plummeting some 440 feet ( 144 meters ) below current sea level , people leaving from Turkey or Greece would have had to make three separate water crossings ranging from 12 to 24 miles ( 19 to 39 kilometers ) each to reach Crete .
If , on the other hand , the seafarers departed from Africa , they would have voyaged over 125 miles ( 200 kilometers ) of open water .
" The fact that we have several hundred stone tools in nine different locations suggests that a large enough number of people came in order to sustain the populations and leave a visible archaeological trace , " Runnels said .
" That means they did n't just raft over once . "
Stirring Debate
The new finds , which will be published in June in Hesperia : The Journal of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens , could rock many archaeological boats .
Researchers have long theorized , for example , that ancient human migrants from Africa — such as Homo erectus and Homo heidelbergensis — departed the continent on foot , trekking eastward through the Sinai Peninsula and then across the Middle East .
( See " Massive Genetic Study Supports ' Out of Africa ' Theory . " )
But the finds on Crete open an entirely new possibility .
Although archaeologists had found hints of early humans on Crete , these new discoveries , says Strasser , " are the first geologically datable finds .
It seems likely that future research will support this initial discovery . "
Moreover , the discovery could spark a host of other scientific debates .
If ancient humans were crossing the Mediterranean , Runnels said , then they certainly could have crossed other water barriers , such as the Red Sea or the Gulf of Aden .
" And that means that the assumptions that we have had — that the peopling of Eurasia was done by early hominins moving overland through the Near East , into India and down — will have to be revisited . "
Hominins , or hominids , are members of humankind 's ancestral lineage .
Not surprisingly , the new research in Crete is already stirring debate .
Geoff Bailey , an archaeologist at York University in England and an expert on ancient coastal migrations , calls the idea of such ancient sea crossings " plausible . "
But he thinks the team needs to find and conduct excavations at sites where ancient humans were actually making and using the stone tools .
" At the moment " Bailey said , " the dating is very vague . "
Katerina Harvati , a paleoanthropologist who has worked extensively in Greece , accepts the team 's identification of the quartz artifacts as hand axes , but she wants to see other lines of evidence for the dates .
" The team has made a very good start , " said Harvati , of the University of Tübingen .
" But I think there needs to be a lot more work on dating the sites to really securely place the artifacts into a chronological context . "
More Evidence of Ancient Seafaring
At present , the earliest widely accepted evidence of ancient seafaring comes from Australia .
To reach the southern continent from the Southeast Asian mainland some 50,000 years ago , modern humans had to cross a 600 - mile - long ( 970 - kilometer - long ) band of islands and at least ten ocean straits .
The largest of these straits spanned 44 miles ( 71 kilometers ) of open water — a gap that no large - bodied animal had ever managed to cross before Homo sapiens .
To undertake such a lengthy crossing , human seafarers likely lashed together bamboo to make a simple watercraft .
Other pieces of evidence , however , suggest that seafaring could go back much deeper in time .
The discovery of human remains and stone tools in Spain dating to over a million years ago may indicate that some ancient hominin navigated the hazardous Straits of Gibraltar from Morocco , a journey of less than 12 miles ( 19 kilometers ) .
Moreover , Michael Morwood , an archaeologist at the University of New England in Armidale , Australia , has long proposed that Homo erectus voyaged from the Indonesian island of Bali to nearby Flores , where excavations have revealed 700,000 - to 800,000 - year - old stone tools .
If additional work confirms that the earliest stone tools on Crete date to more than 130,000 years ago , archaeologists may want to take a closer look at these hypotheses .
One solid bet is that archaeologists will be giving more thought in years to come to the question of why early humans chose to venture out on the sea in the first place .
In the case of Crete , said Strasser 's team member Eleni Panagopoulou , an archaeologist at the Directorate of Paleoanthropology and Speleology of South Greece , seafarers may have craved new territory or new marine resources such as shellfish beds .
Legal Solutions for Families and Businesses
Since 1991 , as New York bankruptcy and business lawyers , we have brought reliable counsel and personal service to clients in Westchester County , the boroughs of New York City and the state of Connecticut .
We guide clients with thorough knowledge and 20 + years experience in litigation for both federal and state courts , out - of - court restructuring , commercial matters , and with the United States Bankruptcy courts for the Southern District of New York .
Do n’t be hinged to financial burdens , our experience helps you design a manageable future : one you choose .
The Securities and Exchange Commission exists to enforce trading laws and ensure as much transparency as possible on Wall Street .
The bailout of AIG made American taxpayers the majority stockholder in the insurance giant , with hundreds of billions of dollars flowing from Treasury to AIG , and then to … whom ?
Thanks to a strange decision by the SEC , we wo n’t know the details for another eight years :
It could take until November 2018 to get the full story behind the U.S. bailout of insurance giant American International Group ( AIG.N ) because of an action taken last year by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
In May , the SEC approved a request by AIG to keep secret an exhibit to a year - old regulatory filing that includes some of the details on the most controversial aspect of the AIG bailout : the funneling of tens of billions of dollars to big banks like Societe Generale , Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) , Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) and Merrill Lynch .
The SEC ’s Division of Corporation Finance , in granting AIG ’s request for confidential treatment , said the “ excluded information ” will not be made public until Nov. 25 , 2018 , according to a copy of the agency ’s May 22 order .
The SEC said the insurer had demonstrated the information in the exhibit , called Schedule A , “ qualifies as confidential commercial or financial information . ”
This follows on last week ’s revelation by Bloomberg that current Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , at the time the chair of the New York Fed , instructed AIG to keep that information from the SEC itself :
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , then led by Timothy Geithner , told American International Group Inc. to withhold details from the public about the bailed - out insurer ’s payments to banks during the depths of the financial crisis , e-mails between the company and its regulator show .
AIG said in a draft of a regulatory filing that the insurer paid banks , which included Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA , 100 cents on the dollar for credit - default swaps they bought from the firm .
The New York Fed crossed out the reference , according to the e-mails , and AIG excluded the language when the filing was made public on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
The e-mails were obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
The New York Fed took over negotiations between AIG and the banks in November 2008 as losses on the swaps , which were contracts tied to subprime home loans , threatened to swamp the insurer weeks after its taxpayer - funded rescue .
The regulator decided that Goldman Sachs and more than a dozen banks would be fully repaid for $ 62.1 billion of the swaps , prompting lawmakers to call the AIG rescue a “ backdoor bailout ” of financial firms .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information , ” said Issa , a California Republican .
Taxpayers “ deserve full and complete disclosure under our nation ’s securities laws , not the withholding of politically inconvenient information . ”
President Barack Obama selected Geithner as Treasury secretary , a post he took last year .
This administration came to power on a promise of more transparency and open government .
At the moment , we have a tax evader running Treasury who instructed AIG to keep its mouth shut in his previous job , and now apparently has the SEC continuing the same tactic .
Meanwhile , American taxpayers have poured over $ 150 billion into AIG , supposedly to rescue it , only to find out that Geithner used AIG as a slush fund to capitalize other financial institutions .
Who chose the winners and the losers ?
We do n’t know .
The SEC wo n’t let us see the records .
How were these institutions chosen ?
We do n’t know .
The SEC wo n’t let us see the records .
What were the political connections between the winners and people like Geithner , Hank Paulson , and members of the Bush and Obama administrations ?
We do n’t know .
The SEC wo n’t let us see the records .
AIG only exists because of taxpayer funds .
Its records should be as transparent as possible .
Instead , the SEC has allowed them to make a special case for secrecy in the distribution of taxpayer dollars in a shady enterprise that looks as if it circumvented Congress in interventions .
If we had a Congress instead of a supine rubber stamp for the Obama administration , they might show some interest in investigating the SEC , AIG , Geithner , and everyone connected to this .
City of Ankeny buildings are closed to the public in response to the COVID - 19 pandemic .
The Ankeny Kirkendall Public Library is open with limited services and some restrictions .
All residents , contractors and others are encouraged to do business with the City via phone , email or this website .
Find contact information now .
These operational changes are reflective of the suggested guidelines provided by the Centers for Disease Control and the Iowa Department of Public Health .
The City is committed to protecting its employees and citizens during this pandemic .
View additional information on the City of Ankeny response and updates at AnkenyIowa.gov/COVID-19 .
Poster : brewster Date : Feb 12 , 2010 3:49 pm Forum : announcements Subject : 70,000 books from Cornell Libraries online now
Today Cornell and the Internet Archive announce that over 70,000 public - domain books are available free online ( many still to come ) .
These are beautiful books that are now available with no restrictions .
Thank you Cornell , Kirtas , and Microsoft .
The Internet Archive has reformatted and re-OCR 'ed the books to be compatible with the books scanned by the Internet Archive and many of the other collections available on the archive.org site .
Thank you to Anne R. Kenney , Oya Yildirim Rieger , William R. Kehoe Jr. all of Cornell ; Jay Girotto , Danielle Tiedt of Microsoft ; Lotfi Belkhir of Kirtas ; and Hank Bromley of the Internet Archive , for making all of this happen .
This post was modified by brewster on 2010-02- 12 23:49:58
The FBI had Donnie Brasco , the undercover agent who infiltrated the mob .
Maplewood police have “ Homeless Harry ” — my moniker for the undercover cop who last weekend bagged a completely different kind of outlaw .
Let me explain .
Blake Elfstrom , 22 , of Maplewood , was driving his girlfriend home late Sunday morning .
He was the fourth car at a stop sign before turning onto westbound Minnesota 36 from northbound McKnight Road in North St. Paul .
That was when he spotted a shabbily dressed , middle - aged man wearing glasses that seemed too big for his face .
The man , who turned out to be Maplewood cop Paul Bartz , was holding up a sign — “ Will work for food ” — as he approached and looked inside the line of waiting vehicles .
Elfstrom was pondering whether to roll down his window when he saw the cars moving ahead of him .
He entered the on-ramp , only to be waved to the side of the road moments later by one of several uniformed cops standing near a line of patrol cars .
He asked the cop why he was being pulled over .
The officer told him his girlfriend was in violation of a 9 - month - old law that gives Minnesota law enforcement the authority to pull over drivers and occupants for not wearing seat belts .
“ How in the world did you know ? ” Elfstrom asked the ticketing officer .
“ That homeless guy back there ?
He ’s an officer , ” the cop replied .
“ I saw about 10 other cars pulled over as he wrote out the ( summons ) , ” said Elfstrom , who recently graduated from college .
“ Yes , I was quite surprised by it . ”
Elfstrom ’s girlfriend was tagged for $ 108 — the state - mandated $ 25 fine for a first - time offender , plus the $ 75 the law allows as a petty - misdemeanor surcharge fee — repeat after me : this is not a tax , it ’s a fee — that goes into the state general fund .
The remaining $ 8 — repeat again : it ’s not a tax , it ’s a fee — goes to fund law libraries .
TAKING IT TOO FAR ?
Bartz , as well as “ Homeless Harriet , ” his unidentified female North St. Paul police counterpart working the eastbound ramp of Minnesota 36 at McKnight Road , were prolific in nabbing unsuspecting violators .
Officers from Maplewood , North St. Paul , the Ramsey County sheriff ’s office and the State Patrol issued 122 citations during the 3 1/2 - hour operation , according to Dave Kvam , Maplewood ’s deputy police chief .
The vast majority of tickets — 103 — were for not wearing seat belts .
Two involved child - seat restraint violations .
Three were for license revocation or suspension penalties .
Six involved motorists with no proof of insurance and eight were for other traffic - or vehicle - related infractions .
Minnesota is among 30 states , the District of Columbia , American Samoa , Guam , the Northern Mariana Islands , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands that have primary seat - belt laws .
Nineteen states still have “ secondary ” seat - belt laws , which bar law enforcement from using seat - belt noncompliance as the primary cause for a traffic stop .
Now do n’t get me wrong .
I buckle up .
Always have .
It ’s plain common sense to me .
One recent study concluded 40 lives could be saved annually in Minnesota as a result of the new law .
Another study concluded that medical bills of injured beltless motorists were 94 percent higher than belted folks injured in crashes .
The study estimated $ 190 million in insurance costs would be saved in a decade if seat - belt compliance in the state increased to 94 percent .
There was also a financial incentive to change the law here — the state would receive $ 3.4 million in federal funds as a reward .
Not everyone wanted this law .
Some critics thought it smacked of being a nanny - state intrusion by government .
Others were concerned the law would be used to racially profile motorists .
Others pointed to studies that showed 87 percent of Minnesotans were already seat - belt compliant .
MOCKING THE HOMELESS ?
From a strictly law enforcement perspective , the undercover homeless ruse worked as well as a skilled fisherman reeling them in at an overstocked trout pond .
It is difficult for cops to determine , at a distance , who is not wearing a seat belt .
There is no radar gun to detect seat - belt usage .
So cops trying to enforce this law — both here and in Houston and a few other jursidictions — came up with the homeless idea as a way to observe vehicles at close range .
But some folks are not exactly thrilled with the ruse .
“ I never heard of this before , and I believe it ’s highly inappropriate and making a mockery of the homeless , ” says Liz Kuoppala , executive director of the Minnesota Coalition for the Homeless .
One cop I know who told me about the weekend crackdown also voiced concerns .
“ The guys on the corner every day are allegedly homeless , ” said the law enforcement official , who asked me to withhold his name .
“ So , you are a nice old lady who that frightens .
Or , you are a good person who flips a buck to help these guys out , and find out later that cops are hiding behind the identity of a homeless and / or mentally ill person .
Would you give money to the next homeless person ? ”
Kvam makes no apologies for the crackdown his department designed and led .
He says police have received numerous complaints of panhandling and believes the seat - belt law is a good one and should be enforced .
He understands the criticism that will come — insensitivity to the homeless as well as accusations that the crackdown is driven more by police overtime and the need to generate revenue than to enforce a slightly controversial law .
He points out that only two cops — from North St. Paul — were on overtime and that Maplewood does n’t get any money from the citations .
“ We ’re in a can ’t - win situation , ” Kvam said .
“ We ’re like umpires in a game .
No matter what you do , at least half the crowd will be against you . ”
I was left wondering whether the cops violated one state law in order to enforce another .
According to Subdivision 2 of Minnesota Statute 169.22 , “ no person shall stand on a roadway for the purpose of soliciting employment , business , or contributions from the occupant of any vehicle . ”
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
Bartz at one point switched his sign for another that read : “ Unemployed ice dancer : please help . ”
I asked Kvam whether motorists gave Bartz money before some of them got snagged in the sting .
“ Yes , ” Kvam said .
“ The total , including the value of a Cub Foods gift certificate , was $ 93 .
( Bartz ) threw in another $ 7 to round it up to $ 100 .
The $ 100 was donated to the North St. Paul food shelf , where it will help feed those in need . ”
How about Homeless Harriet ?
“ I do not know if the North St. Paul officer was handed money , though I did hear she was offered a ride and other propositions , ” Kvam said .
What do you think ?
Was this crackdown and undercover ruse proper and aboveboard ?
E-mail me at rrosario@pioneerpress.com and include your name and hometown .
I may publish responses Sunday .
L'Europe veut mettre sa législation sur la protection des données privées à l'heure d'internet , une menace potentielle pour les services en ligne tels Facebook où on étale sa vie sans toujours en maîtriser les conséquences .
La commissaire européenne Viviane Reding , qui s'apprête à troquer le portefeuille des nouvelles technologies contre celui de la justice , a annoncé cette semaine une révision prochaine de l'actuelle directive ( loi ) européenne sur la protection des données .
Celle - ci date de 1995 , avant l'essor d'internet .
Et depuis " le monde a changé " , a souligné la commissaire , évoquant notamment les réseaux sociaux tel Facebook ou le profilage des internautes à des fins publicitaires .
La protection de la vie privée est particulièrement sensible pour les Européens , en conflit depuis des années avec les Etats - Unis pour obtenir davantage de contrôle des données collectées pour lutter contre le terrorisme .
Ils ont ainsi obtenu que des géants de l'internet comme Google , Yahoo ! ou Microsoft réduisent la durée de stockage de certaines informations .
Pas assez de sécurité ?
L'un des dirigeants de Microsoft , Brad Smith , vient lui-même de prôner à Bruxelles " un cadre avancé de protection des données privées et de sécurité , qui soit davantage en ligne avec l'évolution de l'usage de l'informatique mais aussi des interactions entre les personnes " .
Il y voit un préalable à l'essor de l'informatique de demain " dans les nuages " ( " cloud computing " ) , un concept où logiciels et données seraient hébergés quelque part sur la Toile et plus sur un ordinateur local .
Des règles claires pourraient aussi éviter des polémiques comme celles suscitées par le programme " Street View " - pour lequel Google photographie des villes entières au grand dam de leurs habitants - ou par chaque modification des réglages de confidentialité de Facebook .
Sa vie sur le web
Le commissariat à la vie privée du Canada a encore ouvert mercredi une enquête sur le réseau social , en butte aux critiques depuis qu'il a décidé en décembre de ne plus permettre à ses utilisateurs de cacher certaines informations : photo du profil , liste d'amis , intérêts et opinions manifestés en devenant fan ou membre de certains groupes sur le réseau .
Les autres paramètres par défaut , que beaucoup ne pensent pas à changer , sont aussi jugés trop laxistes .
Mark Zuckerberg , fondateur de Facebook , s'est défendu courant janvier en invoquant une évolution de la " norme sociale " sur la vie privée .
" Dans les dernières cinq ou six années , les blogs et tous les services permettant aux gens de partager des informations ont décollé .
Les gens sont vraiment à l'aise pour partager non seulement plus d'informations , mais aussi de manière plus ouverte et avec plus de gens " , affirmait -il .
Fichés , catalogués
Résultat : une recherche sur internet permet d'obtenir des informations très personnelles .
Un petit magazine l'a démontré récemment avec un " portrait Google " retraçant la vie d'un parfait inconnu grâce aux traces laissées sur la toile .
Au - delà de l'anecdote , les dangers sont réels .
L'institut Cross - Tab vient de publier une enquête auprès de spécialistes du recrutement montrant le rôle croissant de la " réputation en ligne " dans leurs choix .
En France , 14 % disent avoir déjà refusé un candidat à cause d'informations trouvées sur internet , en Allemagne 16 % .
La proportion atteint 41 % en Grande - Bretagne et même 70 % aux Etats - Unis .
Parmi les données déterminantes , ils citent des commentaires , photos ou vidéos " inappropriés " , ou des inquiétudes sur le style de vie du candidat .
Et les recruteurs recherchent même parfois , notent les auteurs de l'étude , " des informations qu'il serait peu éthique , voire illégal de demander à un candidat de fournir " .
Victoria Cross recipient Willie Apiata is one of the SAS members photographed in Afghanistan , Prime Minister John Key has confirmed .
Images emerged today of members of the New Zealand Special Air Service on patrol in Kabul shortly after they were involved in a battle in the centre of the Afghan capital .
Corporal Apiata became the first New Zealander since the Second World War to be awarded the Commonwealth 's highest military award for his actions with the NZ SAS in Afghanistan .
Mr Key told reporters Corporal Apiata had volunteered to return to Afghanistan .
" We gave Willie Apiata the choice about whether to return to Afghanistan or not and he made it quite clear he did want to return and he was one of the first to return . "
The New York Times reported earlier this week that the New Zealand soldiers were the only Western troops caught up in an attack by Taleban insurgents .
Three suicide bombers struck Kabul on Monday night , followed by an attack by insurgents on the Presidential Palace .
Prime Minister John Key confirmed Kiwi soldiers were involved but were " quite a way " from the action .
Thirteen people were killed in the brazen attack and at least 70 were injured .
Mr Key said it was unlikely Corporal Apiata would come back to New Zealand earlier than expected .
" I am sure he is not in any more danger than anybody else , " Mr Key said .
" He is a very brave New Zealand soldier and he wants to be on deployment , " Mr Key told a hastily - called press conference as he confirmed Corporal Apiata 's presence in the photograph .
But Mr Key said he was very disappointed the image had been published unblurred .
The New Zealand Herald and its website , along with Fairfax owned sites Stuff.co.nz and dompost .
co.nz have all published the photo .
" This is for the safety and lives of New Zealand 's elite soldiers we are talking about , " Mr Key said .
He would not take any action against the media who published the images , saying editors " have to live and die by their own actions . "
" It puts at risk the lives of those individual soldiers because they can be recognised , " he said .
NZ Herald assistant editor John Roughan defended the newspaper 's decision to publish the images , in today 's edition .
Mr Roughan told Radio New Zealand the newspaper stood by the decision because the troops were in a public place .
" When you 're on patrol in Kabul we do n't think he 's preserved from being photographed . "
The Herald told One News that the newspaper did not know one of the soldiers was Corporal Apiata .
The Dominion Post editor Bernadette Courtney said she made the decision to publish Willie Apiata 's photograph on the newspaper 's website , dompost .
co.nz , because it was the first picture of the New Zealand Special Air Service troops in the Afghanistan capital , Kabul , after they responded to a Taleban attack .
The image , taken by a freelance photographer , was available to New Zealand media and the AFP agency , she said .
" It was the prime minister who confirmed Corporal Willie Apiata was one of those photographed in Afghanistan .
We do n't believe media have placed corporal Apiata or any of the other SAS members at any greater risk than they already are .
It was well known that the NZ SAS was in Kabul . "
Mr Key also conceded that the Taleban and al Qaeda would have known the New Zealand SAS was in Kabul .
" There is no secret that New Zealand SAS were in Kabul because we made it clear because it was quite obvious with such a high profile destination that at some point if we did n't say they were there , somebody else would , " Mr Key said .
" What we do n't want them to know is the individual names and identities of the members of the SAS because of the nature of some of operations , it puts them at greater risk if they could be identified , " Mr Key said .
- Stuff.co.nz and Dominion Post
BRIGHTON , England ( Reuters ) - Britain ’s opposition Conservatives will cut company taxes for big firms to 25 percent from 28 percent with full effect from April 2011 at the latest if elected this year , a party source told Reuters Saturday .
Britain's leader of the Conservative Party , David Cameron , speaks at the launch of his party 's new poster campaign ahead of the general election , London February 15 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
The decision to announce a cut at an emergency budget within 50 days of a possible Conservative election victory was later confirmed by the party ’s economic spokesman George Osborne .
Although its once - sizeable opinion poll lead has narrowed , the opposition is still tipped to end 13 years of Labour rule at an election expected on May 6 .
“ We will cut the corporation tax rate ...
We will reduce the small companies tax , ” Osborne , likely to be finance minister if the Conservatives win , said in a speech to party activists .
“ Together these will help power an enterprise revolution . ”
Business spokesman Ken Clarke said the party would reduce the small companies ’ tax to 20 percent , from the current 21 percent .
The Conservatives have a long - held pledge to cut company taxes as part of an ambition to make Britain one of the most competitive countries to do business , but the timing of the announcement and when it would come into force are new .
A high level party source told Reuters the measure was revenue neutral and part of a fully - funded package , saying the “ full effect may have to wait until April 2011 . ”
The cut to the taxes firms pay on their profits must be costed into the Conservative ’s fiscal strategy of slashing Britain ’s record budget deficit faster than Labour , which has pledged to halve the deficit over four years .
“ CON NOT A CUT ”
A spokesman for Labour finance minister Alistair Darling said the corporation tax pledge was a “ con not a cut . ”
The Conservatives say they will scrap certain tax relief ’s and allowances for businesses to fund the measure .
“ It is paid for by a huge tax hike on business investment that hits manufacturing hardest , ” the spokesman said .
The manufacturing organisation EEF has said reducing tax allowances that encourage investment would be a “ disaster . ”
The opposition , traditionally business - friendly , has said its fiscal tightening would be biased towards big spending cuts , but has not ruled out tax hikes to rein in a deficit set to top 12 percent of gross domestic product this year .
Osborne wants to start bringing down the deficit this year to restore investor confidence and to keep interest rates low .
The party has started to give more definition to its economic policy , mindful that Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s Labour party is eating into the Conservatives ’ poll lead .
Signs that Britain ’s frail economy emerged stronger than thought from an 18 - month recession at the end of 2009 , a Labour media blitz and Brown ’s warning that early Conservative spending cuts would damage the recovery appear to have had an impact .
Brown attacked the Conservatives stance on the deficit again at a Labour party gathering in Wales Saturday , urging voters to take a second look at his party , in power since 1997 , and a long hard look at what the Conservatives are offering .
Political commentators say the election race is getting so close that a hung parliament could be on the cards , where no one party has a majority -- the scenario most feared by financial markets looking for reassurance on the deficit .
Opposition aides admit the party has struggled to get its message right on the deficit so far , with leader David Cameron appearing to tone down the rhetoric while economics spokesman George Osborne has held firm on the need for tough action .
Osborne made his most convincing case for early deficit cuts in a speech this week which impressed many of the economists in attendance , but there are still plenty of experts who disagree .
Every geek occasionally suffers from gadget envy .
Even if you 're such an early adopter that you 're already waiting in line to get an iPad , your personal collection of gadgetry is limited by that pesky thing we call " reality . "
Go ahead , tell me you have n't , while watching Star Trek , thought about how handy it would be to have a transporter .
And who has n't — usually right after saying or doing something stupid , or upon seeing a long shot win a race — wished he had a time machine ?
So here , then , is a list of the top ten most useful gadgets from science fiction and comic books .
I 've restricted myself to one gizmo per source , because I could write a whole list based only on * Star Trek * or Star Wars , for examples .
And I 've also tried to focus on devices that would be useful without being incredibly dangerous — hence , no lightsaber ( because you know you 'd slice off an important body part thirty seconds after turning it on ) , no time machine ( because paradoxes have that whole destroying - the space - time - continuum problem Doc Brown warned us about ) , and no transporter ( because , as awesome as the idea is , I 'm with Dr. McCoy that being disassembled and reassembled sounds rife with potential for serious problems ) .
Oh , and James Bond movies are just too easy to use as source material , so they 're out as well .
10 .
The gesture computer interface from Minority Report -
Was there any geek who saw this film who did n't feel a bit disappointed when he came home and sat down at his gesture - ignoring computer ?
The interface was seriously cool , and , unlike many ( if not most ) futuristic computer interfaces in movies , actually seemed like it might be usable .
9. Mr. Fusion from the Back to the Future movies - I know the folks who made the trilogy threw Mr. Fusion in at the end of the first film because it was funny , and then were forced to stick with it when making parts II and III .
But it raises some serious questions , like :
If they have a device in the future that can create a fusion reaction powerful enough to generate ( at least ) 1.21 gigawatts of electricity out of a few pounds of garbage , why the heck do they still use gasoline in their cars ?
( We know they do , because not only does the DeLorean still use gas after its " hover conversion , " but we also see a Texaco station being run by robots . )
8. KITT from Knight Rider - OK , so calling this " science fiction " is a bit of a stretch , but , really , KITT rocked .
Speaking from my own experience , I think most guys who watched Knight Rider wanted to be Michael Knight not so much because David Hasselhoff was that handsome or awesome , but because he got to ride in KITT .
Granted , KITT 's AI frequently made him annoying , but mostly he did cool James Bond - type stuff , but was even cooler than any of Bond 's cars .
And he was voiced by William Daniels , which is also pretty cool .
7 . The sonic screwdriver from Doctor Who - Sure , it 's a classic deus ex machina , which is why the writers ( wisely ) try not to have the Doctor use it too often .
But consider that , while having a frequently - used deus ex machina in a TV show is a bad thing , it would be astonishingly useful to have one in real life .
I , for one , would be perfectly willing to have a device that could get me out of pretty much any trouble in which I might find myself , no matter how dull that might be for those watching me .
__6 . Iron Man 's armor __-
There 's a part of me that , intellectually , knows that there 's no feasible way to make such a suit without it being crushingly heavy .
Then there 's the part of me that really , really wants it to actually exist , especially the version that outflew the jets .
That would completely be worth wearing a heavy metal suit , though has it ever occurred to anyone to consider how incredibly inconvenient it would be to be Iron Man and have to use the bathroom ?
5 . The Green Lantern Corps power ring -
The whole ineffectual - against - yellow thing aside , the GLC power rings are indisputably kickass .
I mean , you can even use a power ring to create another power ring , which should set off a few alarm bells for anyone with even an elementary knowledge of physics , but that ability just makes it even more awesome .
And , really , there are enough loopholes to get around the yellow thing .
It does lead one to wonder , though : Would a jar of mustard be an effective weapon against the GLC ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
4 . The universal translator from Star Trek - How incredible is the Star Trek universal translator ?
It 's so incredible that it even beats out the Babel Fish , since the latter only works one way .
Of course , it 's clear to anyone with half a brain that the device was only invented ( essentially as a retcon ) because it allowed the writers to avoid including a scene dealing with language differences in practically every episode .
But consider how incredibly useful it would be , even if it would send every interpreter on Earth to the unemployment office .
3 . The neuralizer from Men in Black - Who has n't wanted to be able to modify someone else 's memory , or his own ?
It would be very , very easy to go wild with one of these , of course , so they would have to be restricted only to people with impeccable ethics .
But think how convenient it would be : " Honey , look here for a second .
[ FLASH ]
I did n't forget our anniversary .
In fact , I brought you breakfast in bed , and gave you your gift first thing in the morning ... and it was wrapped really well ! "
Of course the movies did n't address the question of what you should do if the person whose memory you want to rewrite happens to be wearing sunglasses , but that 's a minor quibble .
2. R2 - D2 from Star Wars ( obviously ) - C3PO is an irritating , bumbling fool when you get right down to it .
R2 - D2 , on the other hand , is smart , funny , and astonishingly useful .
He 's got attachments galore , and can hack into any computer anywhere just by plugging into it .
He 's got enough room to store your lightsaber , should you need him to , and consider : if he can do partial repairs on an X - Wing in mid flight , think what he could do with your car !
1 . The matter compiler from Neal Stephenson 's The Diamond Age -
It 's essentially the same as the replicator from Star Trek , but I do n't want to violate my one - item - per - source rule .
( See also Charles Stross 's Singularity Sky , with its cornucopia machine . )
A machine such as this would have countless uses — and imagine the ads : " You thought it was quick and easy making coffee from a one - use pod !
Now just say ' Coffee , Kona , hot , with half - and - half , ' and there you have it ! "
What did n't I list that I should have ?
Please leave a comment .
Posted on 17 February 2010
A decade after four governments agreed to work together to establish a “ green corridor ” along the entire length of the Lower Danube River , Europe ’s most ambitious wetland protection and restoration programme is well ahead of targets for creating protected areas .
- A decade after four governments agreed to work together to establish a “ green corridor ” along the entire length of the Lower Danube River , Europe ’s most ambitious wetland protection and restoration programme is well ahead of targets for creating protected areas .
The Lower Danube Green Corridor Declaration , signed by environment ministers of Bulgaria , Romania , Ukraine and Moldova in 2000 , pledged to boost protection for 775,000 ha of existing protected areas and bring another 160,000 ha under protection along the river ’s final 1000 kilometres .
The level of achievement however was much higher with some 1.4 million ha has been brought under protection to the benefit of some of Europe ’s most outstanding wildlife and in enhancing water security , flood control and recreational opportunities for the area ’s 29 million people .
Running behind target however is the task of wetlands restoration with the countries slightly more than a quarter of the way to their target of restoring 224,000 ha of former wetlands .
It is calculated that over the past couple of centuries , some 80 % of the Danube ’s original floodplains , including important wetland areas , have been lost mostly due to drainage for agriculture and industry as well as flood prevention and navigation .
“ Wetlands protection and restoration is the key to a healthy river able to better deal with both droughts and floods , ” said Andreas Beckman , Director of WWF ’s Danube - Carpathian Programme .
“ Wetlands are not only cheap to maintain , but also save money and this is why we are taking steps not only to protect what remains , but actually to regain at least some of what has disappeared .
” The wide array of benefits provided by wetlands include flood and drought management through holding and slowly releasing water and water purification through filtration .
Wetlands are also areas rich in resources such as fish and reeds .
The value of the various benefits from Danube floodplains is estimated to be at least € 500 per hectare a year .
But while WWF would like to see more work on wetlands restoration , Beckman said it was still appropriate to pay tribute to the protected area achievements of the four countries .
“ The Lower Danube Green Corridor was and still is the most ambitious wetland protection and restoration initiative in Europe , ” he said .
“ We are looking forward to more ambitious targets for the next phase of developing the green corridor – and hopefully to celebrating again that the river is better protected than we had expected . ” Ministers of the environment and their deputies from the four nations gathered in Vienna this week to celebrate the ten year anniversary of the Lower Danube Green Corridor and affirmed their commitment to continue working together to develop the corridor .
The celebration was a side event at a ministerial meeting of all 14 Danube nations to adopt a five year management plan for the river , one of the world ’s most international waterways .
Key topics in the plan , which will also benefit the efforts in the lower Danube and its outstanding delta area include reducing pollution , offsetting the impacts of structural changes to the river , improving urban wastewater systems , bringing phosphate free detergents to all markets and better managing pollution accidents .
WWF research around the world has also shown that rivers and basins functioning naturally will be those best able to cope with challenges of climate change such as more frequent and severe floods and longer and deeper dry spells .
" WWF is calling on all countries of the Danube basin to set qualitative and ambitious targets for each country for wetland protection and restoration as a cost - effective means for securing a host of essential ecosystem services including flood management , clean drinking water and better protection from climate impacts , ” said Andreas Beckman .
“ Let us continue giving life to the Danube , so that the Danube can continue giving life to us .
" After squeezing through the Iron Gates gorge and dams between Serbia and Romania , the Danube flows free for 1,000 kilometers through Romania , Bulgaria , Moldova and Ukraine before emptying into the Black Sea .
The Lower Danube is one of the last free - flowing stretches of river in Europe .
Dependent on this part of the river are not only Europe ’s greatest natural treasures , but also the 29 million people who live in the Lower Danube River basin – people who directly benefit from the many services that the river provides , from drinking water to natural resources and recreation .
In the Lower Danube the natural dynamics of the river have formed and re-formed nearly 200 islands that are home to rich floodplain ecosystems .
The islands are important elements of the Danube migration corridor – stepping stones for fish , fowl and other fauna as well as flora on their journeys up and down the river .
The Danube ’s greatest jewel is its delta , Europe ’s largest remaining natural wetland area and , as regarded by WWF , among the 200 most valuable ecological areas on earth .
A total of 5,137 species have been identified along the lower stretch of the river , including 42 different species of mammals , and 85 species of fish .
The Lower Danube and Danube Delta are especially important as breeding and resting places for some 331 species of birds , including the rare Dalmatian pelican , the white - tailed eagle , as well as 90 % of the world population of red- breasted geese .
Beluga sturgeon , which can grow to a length of 6 meters – the size of a large dolphin - are famous for their caviar .
They spawn in the gravel banks of the Lower Danube and migrate downstream to spend the rest of the year in the Black Sea .
The most ecologically - important areas along the Lower Danube Green Corridor in Bulgaria are the Islands of Belene and Kalimok Marshes .
There , former floodplain forests and wetlands are being restored , reconnecting them with the river , creating rich feeding , breeding and spawning grounds for fish , flora and fauna .
This has provided opportunities for fishing , and economic benefits from grasslands and wetland resources , along with the survival of the riverine floodplain forest as an ecologic benefit .
These model projects are the first of its type in Bulgaria .
The Danube Delta is one of the world ’s most important eco-regions for biodiversity .
In Romania , dry and unproductive land on the major islands of Babina and Cernovca has been returned to the river .
The islands have been turned into a mosaic of habitats that offer shelter and food for many species , including rare birds and valuable fish species .
The economic benefits of the restoration works ( 3,680 ha ) , in terms of increased natural resources productivity ( fish , reed , grasslands ) and tourism , is about € 140,000 per year .
Progress with restoration is also moving forward on the Lower Danube islands from Calarasi to Braila .
In Moldova , large sections of the Lower Prut River have been brought under protection and management plans are being prepared .
With the support of the local community , a new management plan will be implemented at the Lake Beleu Scientific Reserve .
This first attempt for an integrated management of wetlands will be expanded in the Lower Prut area as part of a Trilateral Biosphere Reserve between Moldova , Romania and Ukraine .
On the Ukrainian side of the Danube Delta , authorities and NGOs are working hand in hand to develop a vision for the protection and restoration of the wetland areas – and have taken steps toward its realisation .
Bulldozers have breached dikes on Tataru and Ermakov Islands , restoring natural flooding to 800 ha .
This has allowed for the re-establishment of natural flooding conditions , creating rich feeding , breeding and spawning grounds for fish , flora and fauna .
Today amazing rare birds , such as white - tailed eagles , pygmy cormorants and ferruginous ducks , thrive on Tataru Island , while inner lakes serve as spawning places for young fish from the Danube .
The roof of the world is heating up , according to a report today that said temperatures in Tibet soared last year to the highest level since records began .
Adding to the fierce international debate about the impact of climate change on the Himalayas , the state - run China Daily noted that the average temperature in Tibet in 2009 was 5.9C , 1.5 degrees higher than " normal " .
It did not define " normal " , but Chinese climatologists have previously drawn comparisons with an average over several decades .
" Average temperatures recorded at 29 observatories reached record highs , " Zhang Hezhen , a Lhasa resident and specialist at the regional weather bureau told the newspaper .
" It 's high time for all of us to take global warming seriously and think about what we can do to save the earth . "
The average rose in both summer and winter , which is unusual as most of mountain warming has previously been observed in the winter .
A monitoring station at the foot of Mt Everest also recorded a new record high temperature of 25.8 degrees , which was 0.7C warmer than the previous peak .
Amid the worst drought in decades , Lhasa experienced its first temperature above 30 C since records began in 1961 , the report said .
Rainfall in Tibet fell to its lowest level in 39 years , affecting nearly 30,000 hectares of cropland - an eighth of Tibet 's arable land .
Xiao Ziniu , director general of the National Climate Centre told The Guardian last year that the Tibetan Plateau was particularly sensitive to climate change due to the impact on fragile grasslands , permafrost and glaciers .
Tibet 's annual climate report was released at a time of growing international controversy about signs of global warming in the mountain region , where the average altitude is over 4,000m .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was forced to retract a forecast that glaciers in the Himalayas could disappear by 2035 .
A study by Indian scientists last year found that the rate of glacial retreat was considerably slower than previously estimated .
Chinese experts are debating the subject and have proposed cross - border studies , but most published research in the country suggests glaciers are shrinking , raising the risk of flash floods in the short - term and drought in the more distant future .
The holidays are behind us , and that means one thing – dreams of sugarplums dancing in our heads have turned to nightmares of cellulite chasing our posteriors .
Because even the best eater is going to sample a homemade white chocolate chip mocha cookie when it ’s offered piping hot from the stove , right ?
( This is me , raising my hand . )
And the best eater might even have another cookie – or six .
Who ’s to say ?
And besides all the awesome baked goods we may or may not have consumed over the holidays , there are also the quick dinners we might have grabbed between shopping and wrapping and generally trying not to go insane .
And maybe , just maybe , this food arrived to you through a drive through window with grease seeping through its paper bag – a paper bag you later threw away in an anonymous dumpster on the side of the road .
Perhaps ?
But not to worry !
We ’ve got a quick guide to a quick way to burn off the bad stuff .
Every wonder how many crunches it takes to burn off a Big Mac from McDonald’s ?
Or how many miles you have to run to burn off a large French fries from Wendy’s ?
First , everyone burns calories in a different way .
In other words , a 120 pound woman with 17 % body fat is n’t going to burn the same amount of calories as a 250 pound man with 30 % body fat .
It all varies according to weight , size and metabolism .
So for the purposes of this article , we figured in statistics for the average sized American woman – which is 5 ’ 4 ″ , 140 pounds , and a size 14 .
Here ’s a look at our average Jane eating our favorite fast food wonders , and how she pays for them .
( Not that we green Janes ever eat fast food … )
Burger King Bacon Double Cheeseburger
620 calories and 28 grams of fat .
Get out your bathing suit and hop in the pool for some swimming .
Like the back stroke ?
You ’ll just have to swim 2.18 hours of the back stroke to burn off the 620 calories .
We suggest a wet suit and nose plugs .
McDonald ’s Chicken McNuggets
Six pieces have 290 calories and 17 grams of fat .
Sounds like a lot , right ?
Easy enough to fix : a few hours of vigorous sex will burn that off !
Just 9.06 hours in bed will take care of those six McNuggets .
Up for it ?
Thirsty ?
Before you reach for a Starbuck ’s Mocha , Low Fat Milk , Venti , here ’s a thought .
At 446 calories and 20 grams of fat , you can burn that all off with just one simple exercise .
Consider climbing some hills for just one hour – while carrying a 21 - 42 pound load .
That ’s about a bushel of apples .
We suggest not eating one on the way up – one Red Delicious apple will add 127 calories to your count .
Want a Chocolate Softie from Wendys ?
One large Frosty Dairy Dessert in Chocolate from Wendys is 540 calories and 91 grams of fat .
Participating in one hour of your place of worship – i.e. kneeling , walking , and praying – will burn 32 calories .
You just have to marathon it by completing 16.8 straight hours at church .
Carl ’s Jr Bacon Swiss Crispy Chicken Sandwich
690 calories and 36 grams of fat .
Like working on your home ?
Just 2.17 hours of roofing will burn off your crispy sandwich .
If that ’s not motivation to get your home in order , I do n’t know what is .
IHOP Pancakes with Syrup
110 calories and 3 grams of fat per dessert pancake , and 230 calories and 58 grams of fat per two ounces of syrup .
So if you layer up the pancakes , you ’re looking at about 790 calories .
But no worries .
If you bicycle like a rabid hamster – or , roughly 20 mph – you can burn it off in 45 minutes .
And possibly win the Tour De France .
Look out , Lance Armstrong !
CORRECTION :
Note : please excuse our inadvertent errors and typos .
IHOP syrup has 58 grams of carbs , not fat .
A large Wendy ’s shake has 13g of fat .
Further reading : Calorie Counts frequently off for fast food
Images : mikebaird , thefoodpornographer , milkintheclock , lyberty , foodfacts , mooshee85 , foodbeast
Texas
Tech head football athletic trainer Steve Pincock said Red Raiders receiver Adam James was placed in a " sports medicine garage " and media room as " big as a two - car garage " while recovering from a concussion , and was monitored by two trainers at all times .
Pincock 's account of the incident , given in a statement to representatives of former Texas Tech coach Mike Leach , contradicts James ' version of events that led to Leach being fired Wednesday .
James , who is the son of ESPN college football analyst Craig James , sustained a concussion on Dec. 16 .
He was examined the following day and told not to practice because of the injury and an elevated heart rate .
Pincock 's statement was obtained by ESPN.com on Thursday night from Leach 's representatives .
Pincock refused further comment when reached on his cell phone in San Antonio , Texas , where the Red Raiders are preparing to play Michigan State in Saturday 's Alamo Bowl .
A source told ESPN's Joe Schad that Leach called a trainer and directed him to move James " to the darkest place , to clean out the equipment and to make sure that he could not sit or lean .
He was confined for three hours . "
According to the source , Leach told the trainer , two days later , to " put [ James ] in the darkest , tightest spot .
It was in an electrical closet , again , with a guard posted outside . "
However , Pincock said James was initially placed in a " sports medicine garage , there is no lock on this building . "
Pincock said injured players are typically asked to perform exercises during practice , but " James could not participate in these drills , and was originally asked to walk around the field . "
" Adam showed up to practice in street clothes , no team gear , and dark sunglasses , " Pincock said , according to the statement .
" Adam walked about 40 to 50 yards , very slowly and with a non-caring attitude . "
Pincock said Leach then asked that James be moved to a location " where sunlight could not bother him as he was wearing sunglasses . "
" I instructed Adam to stay in the garage and out of the sun , so the light would not worsen his condition , " Pincock said in the statement .
" While in the garage , Adam was walking around , eating ice , sitting on the ground , and , at one point , sleeping ; at no point was there any enforcement to make Adam stand up . "
Leach , during an on -air interview Thursday night with ESPN , said he had not suggested any place specific for James .
" I said , find someplace dark and one place was as good as the next , and that was close to the field , and plus they had the ice machine , " Leach said .
Two days later , while the Red Raiders practiced at Jones AT&T Stadium , James was placed in a room that is used for postgame interviews involving opposing coaches and players .
James told school officials he was placed in an electrical closet inside the room .
" I walked Adam to the room , which was at least as big as a two - car garage , " Pincock wrote .
" Inside the room there is an electrical closet .
I looked in the closet and stated that there was ' no way that Adam would be placed in there . '
I shut the door to the electrical closet , and it was never opened again .
At no time during this practice was Adam ever placed in the electrical closet . "
During Thursday 's ESPN interview , Leach said he believed money was a motivating factor in his dismissal .
" Last year , they did n't want to pay the money [ in contract negotiations ] .
Based on popular opinion and public pressure and things like that , they got in a position where , to save face , they had to give me a competitive contract , which they did , " he said .
" Then I think , whether it 's for financial reasons or what , they decided not to follow through .
Now essentially they 're trying to steal the money . "
In a phone interview with The New York Times , Leach described a divisive and tense relationship with Craig James , whom he said he had to deal with more than every other parent on the team combined .
He said James frequently attended practices and called assistant coaches .
" I think he used his position at ESPN to try to coerce me into allowing Adam to play more , " Leach told the Times .
" But the thing about it is as the coach , I watch every inch of film .
I 'm deferring to the judgment of 12 people as we look at the film on who should play and who should play when and then we make our decision based on that .
I do n't feel like it's fair to the other players and I do n't think it 's the right way to do business to allow influence and position to dictate when you play a young man . "
When Craig James was asked about those claims , he called them " absurd , " ESPN spokesman Josh Krulewitz said .
James later released a statement .
" Coach Leach has made damaging and untrue comments , about my actions , about my son , and about a business relationship -- which does not exist -- between me and the leadership of the University , " James said .
" He 's simply trying to shift attention from his own actions and from the findings of a University investigation which we believe was fair and thorough .
As we have said over and over , our concern was about the safety and well being of our son and of all the other fine young men on the team .
Any parent who found their son in this situation would step forward . "
Leach curtly dismissed James ' statement .
" I do n't care what he thinks , " Leach told The Associated Press on Friday .
" I know what the truth is , have from the beginning , and it does n't matter what he thinks . "
" It 's either power or control , or they did n't want to pay , " he said .
Leach also told the Times that the release of a series of e-mail messages obtained by The Dallas Morning News proved that the university did not want him around .
In one , a booster recommended to Tech administrators , " You should sign a contract that would not cost us too much to fire him . "
" It 's shocking to me that there 's people working together that were trying to get me fired last year after an 11 - 1 regular season , " Leach told the newspaper .
Mark Schlabach is a college football writer for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
TOKYO / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp expects costs and lost sales from its massive safety recall to total $ 2 billion by the end of March , keeping it in the red for the year despite its strongest profit in six quarters .
The recall of more than 8 million vehicles , including the Camry , Corolla and Rav4 , due to problems with unintended acceleration has wiped $ 30 billion from Toyota ’s share value , hurt its reputation and overshadowed what until recently was expected to be an upbeat story of improving earnings .
The world ’s biggest automaker on Thursday announced that 216,000 cars in Germany , Europe ’s biggest car market , and 180,000 in the UK were included in the recall to fix an accelerator pedal problem .
In the UK , new car sales rose 29.8 percent in January but Toyota ’s market share for the month fell to 5.05 percent from 7.46 percent in the same month last year .
“ Toyota ’s recall this time is unlike any other in auto industry history , ” said Lee Sung - Jae , an analyst at Kiwoom Securities in Seoul .
“ The scale is huge to begin with , and this deals a fatal blow to the very core value Toyota represented -- that is the quality of its cars . ”
Separately , Toyota engineers investigating dozens of complaints about inadequate braking on its new Prius hybrid said they had fixed a software problem related to its anti-lock braking system .
“ This issue shows that we may have fallen short of the standards expected of us by our customers , ” said Managing Officer Hiroyuki Yokoyama , who oversees quality .
He declining to say whether an official recall was planned .
The developments underscored the increasingly political overtones of a safety crisis that has hit Toyota sales and rocked its reputation for quality .
BOOST IN DEMAND
Automakers hit by a huge turndown received a boost in the latter part of 2009 , thanks largely to government incentives and improving access to credit as the global economy recovered .
Toyota was a major beneficiary of the U.S. cash - for - clunkers scheme , resulting in its best quarterly operating profit since early 2008 in the three months to December .
But the world ’s largest automaker is now under investigation for its handling of the recall of some of its most popular models .
Up to 19 U.S. crash deaths over the past decade may be linked to accelerator - related problems at Toyota , congressional officials have said .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
With less than two months left in the current financial year , Toyota slashed what most analysts considered an excessively conservative operating loss forecast to 20 billion yen ( $ 220 million ) from 350 billion yen .
A Toyota official said the new forecasts for the current year took into account up to $ 2 billion lost from the recall -- an estimated 100 billion yen in costs and a further 70 - 80 billion yen in lost sales , in line with analysts estimates .
Senior Managing Director Takahiko Ijichi said the company was unsure about the impact beyond the end of this financial year , but investors expressed their concerns .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ The company ’s forecast earnings and profitability will surely decrease because of the recall , ” said Benedicte Mougeot , fund manager of HSBC ’s GIF Japanese equity fund in Hong Kong .
“ Taking into account the increased risk and reduced profitability , we will review our investment . ”
Shares in Toyota have lost as much as 23 percent in the last two weeks and slid 3.5 percent to a 10 - month closing low of 3,280 yen on Thursday .
More than 56 million shares were traded , the most in at least a quarter of a century .
Toyota ’s new forecast for the year to March compares with a 38 billion yen annual loss forecast in a survey of 19 brokerages by Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
Toyota posted October - December operating profit of 189 billion yen , easily beating a 99 billion yen estimated by Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
Its nine - month operating profit of 52 billion yen implies a 72 billion yen loss in Q4 .
SALES , SHARES HIT
Investors have now turned their focus on how deep the damage will go , with Toyota ’s sales in its most important U.S. market already falling 16 percent in January -- enough to knock it to third place , below Ford Motor Co .
“ I am in no way certain that Toyota ’s explanation for the cause of incidents of sudden acceleration in its vehicles satisfies me , ” John Dingell , a Michigan Democrat and longtime ally of the U.S. auto industry , said on Wednesday .
Bill Paxton is up for a “ Twister ” sequel .
Anyone else ?
In an interview with Bullz - Eye in conjunction with the season premiere of HBO ’s “ Big Love ” ( Sunday , Dec. 10th ) , Bill Paxton revealed that one of the items on his to - do list is a sequel to his 1996 blockbuster , “ Twister . ”
“ I ’ve had a meeting at the studio with Kathleen Kennedy about it , ” Paxton said , whose inspiration for a sequel came as a result of a trip that he took to the Ozark Mountains last spring .
“ I flew into St. Louis with my buddy Scott Thomson , who played Preacher in ‘ Twister , ’ and we rented a car and drove down to southeastern Missouri , into the Ozarks , ” said Paxton .
“ We spent the night , and the next morning we got up and we started tracking the trail of the most famous tornado that ever hit the country , which was the Tri-State Tornado of 1925 .
It still holds all of the records .
It was called the Tri-State because it was a mile wide when it came down from the sky on the afternoon of March 16 , 1925 , and it was a rural area , but , boy , before it was through , it crossed the Mississippi , it cut across southern Illinois , where it hit a lot of towns .
The biggest one was Murphysboro , which was …it literally looked like Hiroshima after it hit .
And then it went across the Wabash , into Indiana , staying on the ground three and a half hours and cutting a damage path 219 miles long , killing about 700 people .
There ’s actually footage that I found in Murphysboro at their historical society .
They had footage from a biplane that the government sent down , just to do aerial footage of all of the destruction and the damage .
So we just did that to kind of get some ideas , and from that I kind of extrapolated an idea for a sequel .
And I kind of put that together into a format , and now we ’re kind of waiting to see if that ’s going to move forward .
That would need Steven Spielberg ’s blessing , ultimately , and they probably wo n’t take it to him ‘ til there ’s real studio interest , but I think the 3D applications of that could obviously be pretty amazing .
“ The only reason I ’d like to revisit that ground is because I realize we ’re living in a time where big movies cost so much to make that the town is looking for built - in audiences , ” admitted Paxton .
“ Of course , I ’m so glad to see that the success of ‘ Avatar ’ is disproving that theory , but …I always thought the first ‘ Twister ’ was an exciting ride , but I thought a sequel could explore it in a more enthralling way , getting into more of the history and the lore , more of a darker version of the first one . ”
Although it may sound more serious than the original “ Twister , ” Paxton does n’t think that fans of the first film would have any problem accepting the sequel .
“ I think you ’d still want to have a lot of the dark humor and all of that , with the flying cows and everything , ” he said , with a laugh .
“ I think you could kind of intrigue people more by getting into a little more of the lore and really understanding .
I just think there ’s a lot more to explore there .
When I researched the first film when I was getting ready to do it , I just found so much stuff .
Ultimately , I was happy with ‘ Twister , ’ but I also had thought that it could ’ve gotten a little deeper into it . ”
What you do you think ?
I ca n’t say I ’ve been chomping at the bit for “ Twister 2 , ” but Paxton has proven in the past that he can make just about anything worth watching , and his point about how such a film would be perfect for 3D is certainly food for thought .
Check out the full interview with Mr. Paxton by clicking right here .
The bike with bite : Alligator killed in US wildlife cull is reborn as ' GatorBike '
How do you outrun an alligator that has a top speed of more than 120 mph ?
Thankfully this one does n't bite anymore but ' GatorBike ' as it has been dubbed is still going to turn heads and set pulses racing as it eats up the highways .
The custom - made bike , crafted from the skin and skull of a real alligator that was culled by authorities to keep their numbers down , has been created to raise funds for a wildlife charity .
Jim Jablon on his GatorBike made from the hide of an alligator killed in Florida
Jim Jablon , owner of the Wildlife Rehabilitation of Hernando ( WROH ) in Florida , devised the GatorBike to raise funds for his centre .
WROH rescues exotic pets that have been neglected or abused by their owners and either releases them back into the wild , re-homes them or cares for them on site .
He said : ' All those skins from culled gators usually get pinned up in people 's yards so I thought why not put one to good use . '
Jim has worked with the animals at his rehab centre for twelve years and is looking for funds so that he can expand to care for more confiscated and abandoned bizarre pets .
His collection of friends includes Zoro the black and white ruffed lemur , Dozer the lynx and Artic the albino Burmese python .
Jim Jablon with Arctic the Albino python on the Gatorbike
' Zoro , Dozer and Artic were all in very bad shape when they came to the sanctuary , ' said Jim , 45 , of Spring Hill , Florida .
' They were malnourished and petrified but we fed them up and now they 're very happy creatures , " he said .
The GatorBike was made by Swedish craftsman and leather expert Benny Ohrman , 60 , who spent a year perfecting its scaly contours .
The skin is detachable but the head is fixed permanently into the handlebars and has the speedometer and other gauges implanted into the back of the skull .
The custom - made bike has a powerful Ultima engine and cost Jim £ 51,000 of his own money to build .
' We even gave the lower parts a slick , alligator skin paint job , ' said Jim .
' It 's quite a work of art .
You can't ride anywhere on that thing without being stopped by people .
It turns a lot of heads . '
Tickets for the raffle cost $ 100 ( £ 75 ) and can be bought at Jim 's website .
Only 1000 tickets are being sold and anyone from any country can enter .
' We wanted to give everyone the chance to have the GatorBike , ' said Jim .
Gatorbike will be raffled and a winner drawn in May in Fort Lauderdale .
Jim plans to print off every entry , place them in a pool full of ' gaters and model Amara Tamura , 22 , dive in and fetch a winner at random .
' It 's not dangerous , ' he said .
' We 're not going to attach cooked chicken to her or anything . '
Eating up the highway : Jim Jablon with python in the jaws of the bike
On 10 February 2010 at the Royal Society , six UK companies - Arup , Foster +
Partners , Scottish and Southern Energy , Solarcentury , Stagecoach Group and Virgin - joined together to launch the second report of the UK Industry Task - Force on Peak Oil and Energy Security ( ITPOES ) .
The report , titled “ The Oil Crunch - a wake - up call for the UK economy ” , finds that oil shortages , insecurity of supply and price volatility will destabilise economic , political and social activity within five years .
The Task - Force warns that the UK must not be caught out by the oil crunch in the same way it was with the credit crunch and states that policies to address Peak Oil must be a priority for the new government formed after the 2010 election .
Canon EOS 550D è la nuova reflex digitale consumer Canon che incorpora tecnologie e funzionalità normalmente presenti in prodotti professionali , in un corpo compatto .
Ad esempio , nuovo sensore CMOS APS -C da 18 MegaPixel , processore d'immagine Canon DIGIC4 e Video FullHD .
Come ci si aspetta da una reflex EOS , anche EOS 550D è costruita con specifiche di alta qualità .
Sulla base dei commenti degli utenti , EOS 550D è stata dotata di pulsanti più grandi e intuitivi , ridisegnati in seguito a questi feedback .
Inoltre , dispone di un pulsante supplementare sulla nuova impugnatura della batteria , che consente di modificare le impostazioni del diaframma quando si scatta con la fotocamera in posizione verticale , senza la necessità di girare il corpo macchina .
EOS 550D rende la potente tecnologia imaging di Canon più accessibile al fotografo alle prime armi .
L’avanzato processore d'immagine Canon DIGIC 4 , il sensore da 18 MP , l ’impostazione ISO standard da 100 a 6400 ( espandibile a 12.800 ) , oltre alla tecnologia di riduzione del rumore , aumentano le prestazioni della fotocamera in condizioni di luce scarsa .
Il sistema di digitalizzazione delle immagini a 14 bit produce una vasta gamma di sfumature dai toni morbidi , colori naturali per stampe di alta qualità e un’ottimale visualizzazione su schermo .
Per una rapida e precisa messa a fuoco , EOS 550D dispone di un sistema autofocus a 9 punti con un punto a croce centrale , sfruttabile con obiettivi con apertura massima f/2,8 o più veloci .
EOS 550D supporta anche uno scatto continuo ad alta velocità , da 3,7 fotogrammi al secondo ( fps ) .
Queste funzionalità offrono agli utenti la possibilità di esercitare un maggiore controllo sulle loro immagini , consentendo loro di catturare la sequenza di un’azione con facilità e precisione .
Continuando la tradizione Canon nel mutuare nuove tecnologie e nuove funzioni dalle sue reflex più avanzate e professionali , EOS 550D comprende il sistema di misurazione iFCL introdotto per la prima volta con EOS 7D .
Novità per la nuova EOS è la possibilità di impostare il limite massimo del valore ISO Auto , consentendo così di controllare ed eventualmente contenere la quantità massima di rumore nelle immagini .
Per la prima volta in una EOS entry level , la compensazione dell 'esposizione e il bracketing possono essere impostati rispettivamente fino a più o meno cinque e due stop , consentendo al fotografo di scattare numerose versioni variamente esposte della stessa inquadratura per scegliere poi la foto perfetta , anche in condizioni di illuminazione difficili .
Dato che la possibilità di registrare video Full HD diventa sempre più importante , Canon continua a dotare le fotocamere EOS della massima tecnologia attualmente disponibile in campo reflex per quanto concerne le funzionalità multimediali .
EOS 550D non fa eccezione , e registra video in risoluzione Full HD 1920x1080 p , e consente inoltre ai fotografi di selezionare il frame rate preferito a 30 , 25 e 24 fps , oltre a offrire video a 720 p a 60 e 50 fps .
EOS 550D oltre ad avere un microfono interno , incorpora una presa jack da 3,5 mm per uno stereo , che consente l'utilizzo di un microfono esterno .
I fotografi possono anche assumere il controllo manuale dell ’esposizione , scegliere la profondità di campo e il grado di mosso per registrare videoclip in modo più creativo .
Per fornire la migliore qualità possibile , la priorità delle alte luci può essere impostata in modo indipendente per girare filmati , senza modificare le impostazioni relative all ’ambito foto .
In situazioni in cui il soggetto è molto lontano , la funzione Movie Crop di EOS 550D registra solo con la zona centrale del sensore ( pari a 640x480 pixel ) , creando un ingrandimento effettivo di circa sette volte con una risoluzione VGA .
EOS 550D è la prima fotocamera nella gamma EOS con la funzionalità Movie Crop e offre ai video - fotografi una maggiore flessibilità per catturare momenti che altrimenti risulterebbero troppo distanti .
Lo schermo LCD Clear View da 7,7 centimetri ( 3 ” ) con ratio 3:2 con risoluzione di 1.040.000 punti consente di visualizzare al 100 % le immagini catturate senza bordi .
Il rivestimento idrorepellente e antiriflettente , rende inoltre più facile osservare lo schermo in condizioni di elevata luminosità e da diversi punti di vista .
Grazie ad una porta HDMI integrata compatibile con High - Definition Multimedia Interface - Consumer Electronics Control ( HDMI - CEC ) - video e immagini possono essere visualizzati su un televisore HD - ready o superiore e con-trollati tramite il telecomando del televisore , accedendo direttamente ai controlli di ri-produzione delle fotocamere .
EOS 550D è pienamente compatibile con tutte le ottiche Canon EF e EF - S , e unità Flash Speedlite serie EX , tra cui il compatto Speedlite 270EX .
EOS 550D è compati - bile anche con il nuovo telecomando RC - 6 , che consente ai fotografi di catturare fo -tografie di alta qualità e video Full HD senza toccare il corpo della fotocamera .
Il sottile comando a infrarossi può attivare il pulsante di scatto da cinque metri di distanza , con la possibilità di selezionare lo scatto immediato o con un ritardo di due secondi per una maggiore flessibilità .
Il nuovo telecomando RC - 6 è compatibile anche con i modelli EOS 450D , 500D , 7D e 5D Mark II .
I proprietari della nuova EOS 550D hanno inoltre accesso gratuito a Canon iMAGE GATEWAY , il portale online per la condivisione di foto e video .
Gli utenti possono u-sufruire fino a 2 GB di capacità di memoria personale , disponendo di uno spazio sufficiente per centinaia di immagini di alta qualità .
È anche supportata la navigazione mobile , che rende facile per gli amici e la famiglia vedere le foto mentre si è in viaggio .
EOS 550D sarà in vendita dal mese di marzo 2010 al prezzo indicativo suggerito al pubblico di 750 €
Iva inclusa solo corpo e di 850 € Iva inclusa in kit con obiettivo EF - S 18 - 55 mm 3,5 - 5,6 IS .
For some people , four years spent striving to get a word in the dictionary might represent a hefty lump of time wasted .
But from the moment I decided that I 'd try to break a word into the language , my endeavour has made complete and utter sense to me .
In fact , as I 've edged ever closer to lexical immortality , the ambition has felt not just reasonable , but honourable .
I have always been a wordy sort , revelling in crosswords , Countdown and puns from an unnaturally young age .
I now write books and jokes for a living but the idea of creating a single word has long seemed to me the most refined of all writing tasks .
Just thinking about having my own word in the Oxford English Dictionary gets me giddy .
A verbal invention would represent the ultimate achievement , the finest legacy to leave my progeny .
It 's exciting enough to have people look up a book of yours in the library but to look up a word of mine in the dictionary would , I think , be the most worthy of all claims to fame .
So , on 7 December 2005 , taking a convenient chronological landmark as my stimulus , I sent the following message to 10 of my friends :
Today , I am 9,950 days old .
On January 25th 2006 , I will celebrate my 10,000th day on earth and would like you to help me mark the occasion by participating in a project provisionally entitled Verbal Gardening .
On my tkday ( the official name for such a birthday ) , I am going to scatter a handful of verbal seeds into the language .
These will be new , original , freshly coined words or phrases which , over the next 1,000 days , I am going to water and watch to see if they can flower and thrive .
But for these words to flourish , I need assistance both in the embedding of the seeds and the monitoring of any future growth .
That 's where you come in .
You nearly all work in the field of communication .
You are all trustworthy and innovative .
And you all have a twinkle in your eye .
You may be a director or an actor , a poet or a teacher , a nightclub promoter or a health and safety expert , but besides your chosen profession you also possess skills that can help me achieve me dream .
So are you in ?
Thankfully , they all were , and with their invaluable input , I set about inventing words that I thought stood a genuine chance of survival , not wacky or particularly funny creations , but practical items that might just endure in the cut - throat world of words .
We decided , for instance , to introduce " honk " , meaning money or cash , to the language .
Of course , we did n't invent the sound or spelling of " honk " .
It was actually a goose who said it first before some anonymous human borrowed the cry to describe the noise of his new - fangled car horn .
But thanks to our Verbal Gardening project , " honk " is now used in a financial context by a steadily increasing number of people .
" I have n't got any honk on me , " a shopper might be heard to exclaim , " I 'll have to go to a honk machine " .
There was considerable thought behind the launch of " honk " ; money has always been a fertile field for slang and " honk " is punchy and memorable without being too obtrusive .
Echoing the brashness of " bling " and " wonga " , it seemed perfectly suited to a new pecuniary role .
With persistence usage , I was confident it could earn itself a new dictionary definition .
You might think hitching a ride on a pre-existing word is cheating but as one of the world 's few dedicated neologists , I can assure you it 's not .
It 's just forward planning .
Winning a place in the dictionary , which had to be our final objective , is not as straightforward as one might think .
You can't just write to the authorities with a new word and its meaning .
Instead , dictionary editors require substantial evidence that that word has been used by people from all walks of life for several years before even considering accepting it .
So having cooked up " honk " and several other pragmatic new terms we set about compiling proof that they were indeed in constant and prolonged use .
Most eminent etymologists will tell you that such a deliberate quest is a waste of time , a mental safari , a sysiphean pursuit .
In his book , Words , Words , Words ( " I 'm looking for a good time " would have been my chosen subtitle ) , the respected linguist , academic and author David Crystal writes , " It is rare indeed to find a single individual altering the character of a language 's lexicon . "
Now , I do n't want to argue with someone who has written or edited over 100 books , who was awarded an OBE for services to the English language in 1995 and who has successfully coined his own term , " ludic linguistics " , to describe wordplay , my pride and joy , so I wo n't .
I will , however , stick up for the single individual and say that while one person might seldom change the " character " of a lexicon , all language must be affected to some degree by individuals .
It is people who use and change languages , people who use words for the first time .
And when they do , they do n't do so by committee .
If you go back far enough , every single word ( with a paddleful of exceptions that might simply be natural human noises , like " mama " and " telly " ) must have been used first by some single person , to describe something hitherto unrepresented in language .
It must be thanks to single individuals that we have the language we now speak .
Take " bootylicious " , a striking adjective that recently succeeded in scaling the dictionary walls , thanks to a solitary soul called Beyoncé Knowles .
Yes .
She did it .
Beyoncé got a word in the dictionary .
And if Beyoncé could do it , I thought , I could do it ( which is n't always a mantra for my life .
I do n't always compare myself to one third of Destiny 's Child .
But on this occasion I felt I was justified ) .
As the American Billboard 's Top Female Artist of the Decade , Beyoncé has enjoyed more direct access to the ears and tongues of the world than me .
But being a comedian , I have been able to spout my words from countless stages across this country , scrawl them in the guestbooks of every guesthouse I 've stayed in , and implant them in ever motorway service station I 've passed through .
I 've also brandished them on banners at major sporting events , branded them onto mugs , T - shirts and umbrellas and casually dropped them into countless local radio phone -ins .
I 've infiltrated several schools and ( mis ) educated credulous schoolchildren , I 've confused friends , family and many many strangers , I 've even managed to infiltrate the holy grail of mass communication , television , infecting such varied shows as Daily Politics , Loose Women and Channel 4's mighty Countdown .
And I 'm not finished yet .
Until the dictionary bouncers wave each of them through , I will continue collecting evidence that my words are indeed words .
If , for instance , I ever get the chance to write an article for a respected national newspaper , I will endeavour to squeeze all of them in somewhere .
If even one reader takes a honk and passes it on I 'll be happy .
So , please make me happy .
Remember , this is an honourable pursuit , honest .
© Alex Horne 2010
Alex Horne is currently on tour with Wordwatching , which has also been published as a book by Virgin ( www.alexhorne.com).
He appears on ' We Need Answers ' , Tuesdays , 10 pm , BBC4
Destination mirth : Four comedy odysseys
Danny Wallace : Yes Man
Danny Wallace is the king of the comedy quest , having started his own cult and tracked down his old school friends in the name of humour .
In 2005 , he published the novel ' Yes Man ' , charting his six - month odyssey to say " yes " where he would previously have said " no " .
In 2008 , ' Yes Man ' was made into a Warner Bros. film , starring Jim Carrey .
Dave Gorman : Googlewhack
Danny Wallace 's best mate is also a fan of the comedy journey , having travelled the length and breadth of the land looking for men who shared his name .
In 2003 , he toured Britain with his show about tracking down people who had authored Googlewhacks , a Google search query that consists of two words and provides only one result .
The trip led to a nervous breakdown .
Last year , he spent 33 days cycling 1,563 miles to the four corners of the UK , stopping off to do a gig each night .
Tom Wrigglesworth : Lena's Law
After an unpleasant ( and hungover ) encounter with a Virgin Trains conductor on a journey from Manchester to London , gangly stand - up comedian Tom Wrigglesworth embarked on a campaign against the company 's ticketing policy .
His " Lena 's Law " , to make train fares fairer has now been taken up by Virgin and he is trying to get 25 other train operators to follow suit .
The resulting show , ' Tom Wriggleworth 's Open Return Letter to Richard Branson ' was nominated for the Edinburgh Comedy Award last summer .
Tony Hawks : Moldovan tennis
Who said this ?
" All the evidence shows that beyond the sort of standard of living which Britain has now achieved , extra growth does not automatically translate into human welfare and happiness . "
Was it a ) the boss of Greenpeace , b ) the director of the New Economics Foundation , or c ) an anarchist planning the next climate camp ?
None of the above : d ) the former head of the Confederation of British Industry , who currently runs the Financial Services Authority .
In an interview broadcast last Friday , Lord Turner brought the consumer society 's most subversive observation into the mainstream .
In our hearts most of us know it is true , but we live as if it were not .
Progress is measured by the speed at which we destroy the conditions that sustain life .
Governments are deemed to succeed or fail by how well they make money go round , regardless of whether it serves any useful purpose .
They regard it as a sacred duty to encourage the country 's most revolting spectacle : the annual feeding frenzy in which shoppers queue all night , then stampede into the shops , elbow , trample and sometimes fight to be the first to carry off some designer junk which will go into landfill before the sales next year .
The madder the orgy , the greater the triumph of economic management .
As the Guardian revealed today , the British government is now split over product placement in television programmes : if it implements the policy proposed by Ben Bradshaw , the culture secretary , plots will revolve around chocolates and cheeseburgers , and advertisements will be impossible to filter , perhaps even to detect .
Bradshaw must know that this indoctrination wo n't make us happier , wiser , greener or leaner ; but it will make the television companies £ 140 m a year .
Though we know they are n't the same , we can't help conflating growth and wellbeing .
Last week , for instance , the Guardian carried the headline " UK standard of living drops below 2005 level " .
But the story had nothing to do with our standard of living .
Instead it reported that per capita gross domestic product is lower than it was in 2005 .
GDP is a measure of economic activity , not standard of living .
But the terms are confused so often that journalists now treat them as synonyms .
The low retail sales of previous months were recently described by this paper as " bleak " and " gloomy " .
High sales are always " good news " , low sales are always " bad news " , even if the product on offer is farmyard porn .
I believe it's time that the Guardian challenged this biased reporting .
Those who still wish to conflate welfare and GDP argue that high consumption by the wealthy improves the lot of the world 's poor .
Perhaps , but it's a very clumsy and inefficient instrument .
After some 60 years of this feast , 800 million people remain permanently hungry .
Full employment is a less likely prospect than it was before the frenzy began .
In a new paper published in Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society , Sir Partha Dasgupta makes the point that the problem with gross domestic product is the gross bit .
There are no deductions involved : all economic activity is accounted as if it were of positive value .
Social harm is added to , not subtracted from , social good .
A train crash which generates £ 1bn worth of track repairs , medical bills and funeral costs is deemed by this measure to be as beneficial as an uninterrupted service which generates £ 1bn in ticket sales .
Most important , no deduction is made to account for the depreciation of natural capital : the overuse or degradation of soil , water , forests , fisheries and the atmosphere .
Dasgupta shows that the total wealth of a nation can decline even as its GDP is growing .
In Pakistan , for instance , his rough figures suggest that while GDP per capita grew by an average of 2.2 % a year between 1970 and 2000 , total wealth declined by 1.4 % .
Amazingly , there are still no official figures that seek to show trends in the actual wealth of nations .
You can say all this without fear of punishment or persecution .
But in its practical effects , consumerism is a totalitarian system : it permeates every aspect of our lives .
Even our dissent from the system is packaged up and sold to us in the form of anti-consumption consumption , like the " I 'm not a plastic bag " , which was supposed to replace disposable carriers but was mostly used once or twice before it fell out of fashion , or like the lucrative new books on how to live without money .
George Orwell and Aldous Huxley proposed different totalitarianisms : one sustained by fear , the other in part by greed .
Huxley 's nightmare has come closer to realisation .
In the nurseries of the Brave New World , " the voices were adapting future demand to future industrial supply .
' I do love flying , ' they whispered , ' I do love flying , I do love having new clothes … old clothes are beastly …
We always throw away old clothes .
Ending is better than mending , ending is better than mending ' " .
Underconsumption was considered " positively a crime against society " .
But there was no need to punish it .
At first the authorities machine - gunned the Simple Lifers who tried to opt out , but that did n't work .
Instead they used " the slower but infinitely surer methods " of conditioning : immersing people in advertising slogans from childhood .
A totalitarianism driven by greed eventually becomes self - enforced .
Let me give you an example of how far this self - enforcement has progressed .
In a recent comment thread , a poster expressed an idea that I have now heard a few times .
" We need to get off this tiny little world and out into the wider universe … if it takes the resources of the planet to get us out there , so be it .
However we use them , however we utilise the energy of the sun and the mineral wealth of this world and the others of our planetary system , either we do use them to expand and explore other worlds , and become something greater than a mud-grubbing semi- sentient animal , or we die as a species . "
This is the consumer society taken to its logical extreme : the Earth itself becomes disposable .
This idea appears to be more acceptable in some circles than any restraint on pointless spending .
That we might hop , like the aliens in the film Independence Day , from one planet to another , consuming their resources then moving on , is considered by these people a more realistic and desirable prospect than changing the way in which we measure wealth .
So how do we break this system ?
How do we pursue happiness and wellbeing rather than growth ?
I came back from the Copenhagen climate talks depressed for several reasons , but above all because , listening to the discussions at the citizens ' summit , it struck me that we no longer have movements ; we have thousands of people each clamouring to have their own visions adopted .
We might come together for occasional rallies and marches , but as soon as we start discussing alternatives , solidarity is shattered by possessive individualism .
Consumerism has changed all of us .
Our challenge is now to fight a system we have internalised .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/15/2010
Courage Campaign :
We skirted ProtectMarriage 's logo , not the law !
by Jeremy Hooper
When we first heard that ProtectMarriage.com had issued a cease and desist letter to the Courage Campaign because of a parodic image that the latter created for their Prop 8 Trial Tracker site , our first thought was : " What the Hell ?
We 've quite literally made a video wherein ProtectMarriage .com 's logo eats the state constitution ...
Where 's our C&D letter ? "
But after our self - absorption wore off , we found something else to love about Protect Marriage 's letter .
Namely :
Their lawyer 's full - on admission that Courage 's parody , featuring a two - mommed family ...
..is " substantially indistinguishable " from the dual - gendered one .
Because we could n't agree more :
For all substantive matters , a same - sex family is indistinguishable from a heterosexually - headed one .
And it's high time that ProtectMarriage.com drop their inevitably losing attempts to deny that actuality in the law !
Their versions of " family values " and " fairness " are the crude imitations that truly need to cease !
Go read the C&D letter and Courage Campaign 's perfectly - toned response to it :
ProtectMarriage.com issues Cease and Desist for Prop 8 Trial
Tracker logo depicting family of two mothers with two kids [ Prop 8 Trial Tracker ]
Plus Julia Rosen 's own take on the " substantially indistinguishable " irony :
Irony Defined [ Prop 8 Trial Tracker ]
Your thoughts
Hmmmm ....
If Phred Phelps and his Phamily can get away with their " parodies " ... this can pass .
And , why would a campaign of a past proposition still need copyright protection anyway ?
Posted by : Bearchewtoy75 | Jan 15 , 2010 10:22:51 PM
The irony , of course , is wonderful .
The two families are , indeed , indistinguishable .
The response to the prop8 guys is also wonderful !
I 've been riveted to Courage Campaign all week , as , I 'm sure many of you have been .
db
Posted by : dave b | Jan 17 , 2010 12:25:09 AM
It 's satire , covered under Fair Use ( http://www.publaw.com/parody.html)
Maybe after this trial , that 's what we 'll see sued / voted over next ...
Posted by : UK Chris | Jan 18 , 2010 9:16:41 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
How Marketing Manipulates Our Preferences
Whether people will indulge or be prudent with their money is not necessarily based on personality type or education , but may be strongly influenced by advertising and other environmental cues , according to two studies recently presented at the Academy of Consumer Research Conference in Pittsburgh .
In their studies of about 500 participants , the researchers divided consumers into two mindsets .
The " being " mindset was related to one 's current state in life , while the " becoming " mindset reflected a desire to think of one 's future goals .
The researchers showed volunteers an advertisement that induces a " being " state of mind , using a simple slogan like , " Think of who you are right now . "
Advertisements with this approach were successful in attracting consumers to products like chocolate .
But those volunteers who read future - oriented ads using a simple slogan like , " Think of who you will become in the future , " before embarking on a grocery run , were more likely to choose healthy products , such as fruits and granola bars .
In another study , the subjects were told they had won $ 1,000 .
Those identified as having a " becoming " mindset elected to buy practical products such as textbooks with the money , while those in the " being " mindset said they 'd purchase indulgent products such as a plasma TV .
" Sometimes we are goal - driven and sometimes we are self - indulgent , " says Dr. Ein-Gar of Tel - Aviv University .
" But we 've established that simple advertising cues can shift your mindset from one category to the other .
It can determine how you shop in the supermarket , choose a snack , evaluate a new car or invest your family 's fortune . "
To be most effective advertisers should determine if their product is " now " or " future " oriented , then position it to fit that mindset .
For chocolate , red sports cars or Club Med hedonism vacations , advertisers should appeal to a " being " mindset and suggest immediate gratification .
However , products with future benefits like gym memberships , mutual funds or health foods should appeal to the " becoming " mindset , using ads that trigger one 's desire for a brighter future .
The study found it is also easy — over the long term and with frequent repetition — for advertisers to shift a mindset radically .
Companies can benefit from playing up the difference between a person 's current self and who they 'd like to become , so consumers should be aware it's not that hard to have their preferences manipulated .
That 's where advertising is most powerful .
" Manipulating people to maintain an ongoing state of mind is hard to do successfully , but manipulating them into a temporal mindset is easier .
Using this approach , companies can be very successful in manipulating you to buy their products , especially in cases where the purchase decision is made spontaneously , like grabbing a snack at the store .
Also beware : companies can influence your mindset and affect your pocket book if you 're not careful , " Dr. Ein-Gar warns .
Conversely , researchers were also able to show that advertising can benefit consumers , especially when it promotes healthy eating or wiser decisions about money .
" The U.S. Army used the ' Be All You Can Be ' slogan for more than 20 years , " Dr. Ein-Gar reminds us .
" It induced a ' becoming ' mindset that encouraged young people to think of long - range goals as they considered a career in the military . "
Medical Studies | Natural Health Newsletter
Medical peer - reviewed journals are not the be-all and end - all when it comes to identifying which treatments work , and which ones do n’t .
Learn how you have paid over $ 1.5 trillion dollars for treatments , drugs , and procedures – all flawed , and all promoted at one time in peer reviewed journals .
Once again , the news forces me to return to one of my favorite topics — the limitations of medical studies and peer reviewed journals .
Let me be absolutely clear here .
Unlike many in the alternative health community , I am not anti allopathic - medicine .
As I frequently remind people , after an automobile accident , you want a medical doctor , not an herbalist .
There are things medical doctors can do that no alternative healer can replace .
However !!!
That said , as much as they would like to believe the contrary , medical doctors and modern medicine are not perfect .
They do not hold an “ exclusive ” when it comes to providing the best option for treating all illness and disease .
But more to the point , the peer reviewed journals of the medical community are not the be-all and end - all when it comes to identifying what works and what does n’t when it comes to treatment .
So what set me off today ?
First , we received several emails at the Foundation over the last month from people asking , “ If alternative health is so good , where are the peer reviewed studies to back it up ? ”
We get these all the time , but this month more than usual .
Second , yet another story broke about an extremely popular medical treatment that calls into question the value of peer reviewed studies .
With that in mind , let ’s take a look at that story
Spinal cement sham
Okay , I ’m going to spend a bit of time talking about a couple of procedures that probably are n’t of much interest to you unless you ’re older and suffering from osteoporosis .
But this is n’t actually about the procedures ; it ’s about their history and what that means .
And that will be of interest to everyone .
Vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty , an explanation
Percutaneous vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty were developed in the mid-1980s as treatment options for compression fractures of the vertebrae .
Vertebroplasty is a medical procedure where bone cement is injected through the skin and into a fractured vertebra in order to stabilize it .
The procedure is typically used for a spine fracture caused by osteoporosis .
Kyphoplasty is a related procedure in which an inflatable bone tamp is used to create a cavity in the bone so as to reduce the required injection pressure of the bone cement .
It requires the use of slightly bigger needles than vertebroplasty , and therefore there is typically slightly more post - procedural pain .
In laymen ’s terms , kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty use glue / cement to reinforce the spine — kyphoplasty being merely a more expensive procedural variation of vertebroplasty .
For years it was reported that both procedures were typically very effective and reduced pain in almost 90 % of patients .
In fact , there were peer reviewed clinical studies that attested to their effectiveness , such as the one on vertebroplasty published in the American Journal of Medicine back in 2003 , or the one on kyphoplasty published in Spine three years later .
Vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty , the cost
With results promising a 90 percent effectiveness rate , who would n’t opt for these procedures ?
And hundreds of thousands have done just that — guided , of course , by their doctor ’s advice and encouragement .
In fact , a veritable industry has grown up around these procedures with clinics springing up everywhere specializing in the procedures .
For example : Fort Lauderdale Pain Medicine
Mayo Clinic
Marshfiled Clinic
SpineUniverse
And to what result ?
As of January 31 , 2008 , over 393,000 patients and 460,000 fractures worldwide had been treated with balloon kyphoplasty ( since 2000 when the procedure was commercialized ) at an average cost of $ 14,000 per procedure .
For those of you not able to do the math in your head , that works out to about $ 6.5 billion spent on kyphoplasties over an eight year period in the United States alone .
As for vertebroplasties , unfortunately , statistics are not as readily available .
Suffice it to say , it has been around longer than kyphoplasty and is the de facto standard of care and is routinely offered to patients who complain of refractory pain .
But for the sake of argument , let ’s be conservative and say that merely the same number of vertebroplasties have been performed as kyphoplasties .
At a cost of approximately $ 2500 per procedure , that works out to slightly over $ 1 billion .
Combined , that means we ’ve spent , in the United States , some $ 7.5 billion dollars on these two procedures over the last eight years .
With most of that money running through Medicare , one can only hope that your tax dollars are being spent wisely .
Vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty , the revelation
Unfortunately , two new studies published in the New England Journal of Medicine on August 5th tell a different story .
According to these studies , the treatment of spinal compression fractures using cement ( regardless of procedure ) works no better than sham therapy in patients with osteoporosis .
Basically , the studies tell us that we ’ve just spent $ 7.5 billion on placebos .
The new studies are considered to be the most rigorously designed trials ever to examine the effectiveness of the cement treatment for the treatment of spinal compression fractures , effectively trumping all previous studies .
Now it is true that the two lead researchers differed in their interpretation of the implications for clinical practice .
Rachelle Buchbinder , PhD , who led the team of researchers studying “ vertebral fractures , ” was blunt .
She said , “ Our trial found no benefit for this treatment , so it should not be used in clinical practice . ”
David F. Kallmes , MD , of the Mayo Clinic , who led the second study , was squishier and said that more research is needed to determine if certain patients respond better to the cement injections than to other treatments .
But even he had to acknowledge the results of the study , “ I think it ’s fair to say that vertebroplasty does not work in the way that we thought it does , but it does work .
It ’s just that the ( sham ) treatment worked just as well and we ca n’t say why . ”
Congratulations Dr. Kallmes , that is an amazing piece of spin doctoring .
A less “ spun ” translation might read , “ I think it ’s fair to say that a sham is a sham , and if something works no better than a sham , then it too is a sham . ”
All I can say is that if someone from the alternative health community had made a similar statement in support of a supplement , Dr. Kallmes would have been all over them in a heartbeat .
But let ’s get real for a moment .
It ’s not like these studies came as a surprise .
For a number of years now , there have been suspicions that the benefits received from cementing the spine may have resulted from the placebo effect .
And in fact , some research hinted years ago that vertebroplasties might even be harmful in the long run because when one vertebra is shored up , adjacent ones may be more likely to break .
In any case , the latest studies have once again exposed the fallacy that all medicine is science based .
In fact , it is often faith based .
As Dr. Joshua A. Hirsch , director of interventional neuroradiology at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , so aptly put it when commenting on the latest studies , “ I truly believe these procedures work . ”
Now that ’s pure science at work .
In any case , now that the new studies have been released debunking , at least to a large degree , the efficacy of the two procedures , the vultures ( lawyers ) have begun to circle .
The tip of the placebo iceberg
There are some in the medical community that call these latest studies an aberration , that overall medicines and medical procedures are overwhelmingly validated — that although there are more unproven therapies than they would like to see , those therapies are a significant minority .
I beg to differ .
Although you may dispute the actual percentage of treatments that lack scientific validation , you cannot dispute the overwhelming scope of their impact .
And it should be noted that many treatments now listed in the “ valid ” column may ultimately turn out to be somewhat less than they appear — such as vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty .
This alone skews the numbers significantly .
But more importantly , as I just said , is the scope of the treatments that have been proven invalid .
I ’ve covered a number of examples over the years , so I do n’t want to go over them again in great detail — just highlight the important points and total up the dollars wasted .
And with that in mind , let ’s start our running tab with the $ 7.5 + billion spent on spine cementing in the last decade .
Statin drugs
In January of 2008 , I wrote about the results from a study sponsored by Merck and Schering - Plough that found that after several years on two types of cholesterol - lowering medications , patients reduced their cholesterol level , but they reaped no significant health benefit at all unless they already had heart disease .
( Note : Merck delayed releasing the results for two years , and only when finally pressed to do so . )
But that ’s not the worst of it .
Just a few months later in October , I reported on the results of a study that found that Vytorin may increase the risk of cancer by 50 percent .
In fact , this study found that Vytorin increased the risk of cancer in all major areas of the body .
In addition , it found that among those who developed cancer , those taking Vytorin had a much higher rate of death than those taking a placebo .
And the bad news on statins just keeps rolling in like the tide in the Bay of Fundy .
In July , I talked about a study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal that confirmed that statin drugs cause structural damage to muscles .
Even worse , the study found that muscle damage can continue to progress even after patients stop taking the drugs .
And how much do we pay for these dazzling results ?
In the US alone , sales of statin drugs generated approximately $ 19.7 billion in 2005 alone , or about $ 120 billion when averaged out over the last decade .
Breast cancer link to HRT and mammograms
In February of 2009 , I reported on a study that confirmed that postmenopausal women who take hormone replacement pills ( synthetic estrogen plus progestin ) for more than five years nearly double their risk of getting breast cancer .
It seems inconceivable that given the evidence , medical professionals still would argue in favor of prescribing these drugs — and , yet , as many as 20 million women still do take them .
But then again , the medical establishment cheered as more than 60 million women in the US alone signed up for the treatment annually prior to 2002 .
At a cost of $ 70 - 180 per month for Pempro , that works out to an average of $ 90 billion a year in the heyday for HRT drugs before 2002 .
And even at current usage , we ’re talking about $ 30 billion a year , or $ 300 billion over the last decade .
As for mammograms , a 2006 study found that fully one - third of all women interviewed were convinced that mammograms could invariably detect all cancers , no matter how small .
But the truth is that 20 to 30 percent of the time , the mammogram can miss tumors .
Plus , the rate of false positives , by some estimates , is as high as 90 percent or greater .
And how many women are we talking about ?
Well , back in 2000 , 70 percent of women in the US had regular mammograms , but that figure slipped to 66 percent by 2005 , and the downward trend continues .
But even if we accept an extremely low figure of 50 percent , you ’re still looking at around 44 million mammograms a year in the US .
And at an average cost of $ 100 per , that ’s $ 4.4 billion a year , or $ 44 billion over a decade .
Angioplasty
And then there are angioplasties !
In 2007 , I reported on the study that found that angioplasties do not save lives or prevent heart attacks in non-emergency heart patients .
In fact , the procedure only offers slight and temporary relief from chest pain , the main reason it is done .
To quote from the study , “ By five years , there was really no significant difference ” in symptoms .
Unfortunately , studies now show that angioplasties are n’t very effective .
And how much money are we talking about with angioplasties .
Every year in the US , doctors perform about 1.2 million angioplasties at an average cost of $ 40,000 apiece .
That works out to $ 48 billion wasted every year in the US alone or $ 480 billion over the last decade –on just this one medical procedure !!!!
Antidepressants no better than placebos
Antidepressant use in the US has nearly doubled since 1996 , according to a study out of Columbia University and the University of Pennsylvania .
As of now , antidepressants are the most commonly prescribed drugs in the US , at 118 million prescriptions a year .
And how ’s that working ?
According to a report in The Wall Street Journal in January 2008 , many studies have found that the best - selling antidepressants like Wyeth ’s Effexor and Pfizer ’s Zoloft may have little or even no effect on patients .
Many of those studies , though submitted to the Food and Drug Administration , were left unpublished .
Naturally , there was a response published in the New England Journal of Medicine arguing that doctors and patients may not have been able to see the full antidepressant picture .
Well , that certainly explains away the results in a scientific manner !
So , how much do we pay for all this efficacy ?
According to some estimates , it works out to about $ 12 billion a year , or about $ 120 billion over ten years .
Conclusion
So add it all up , and what have you got ?
Actually , it totals up to close $ 1.5 trillion dollars spent every ten years on treatments that are out - and - out discredited , highly questionable , marginal , or in some cases , downright dangerous .
And we ’ve only touched the tip of the iceberg .
We could have included :
The anti-inflammatory , Vioxx , which was found to raise the risks of heart attacks and strokes — despite selling almost $ 2.5 billion a year .
Then there ’s Ritalin , which carries a black box warning issued by the FDA because of its highly addictive properties and potential for causing sudden death and serious cardiovascular damage .
In fact , Ritalin ’s side effect list includes an astonishing array of potential problems , ranging from the development of Tourette ’s syndrome , to insomnia , psychosis , hypertension , hair loss , anemia , tachycardia and so on .
Sales of Ritalin , Concerta , Adderall and other ADHD drugs increased to $ 3.1 billion in 2004 , and is expected to reach $ 4.3 billion by 2012 .
And then there ’s the report out of Stony Brook University in New York that confirmed that the cancer drug Avastin causes potentially lethal holes in the colon — a most distrubing side effect for a drug often prescribed for advanced colon cancer .
Sales of Avastin run about $ 4.4 billion a year .
And let ’s not forget the huge , international study that found that children who received acetaminophen ( Tylenol ) even once in their first year of life had a 46 % increased risk of developing asthma by age seven , as well as a 35 percent elevated risk of developing eczema and a 48 percent increased risk of having itchy eyes and runny noses .
Sales of Tylenol are just under $ 1 billion a year — not bad for an over the counter drug .
Etc. , etc. , etc .
And on , and on , and on .
The bottom line is that I beg to differ with those who say that most medicine is based on good science and sound studies , and that the “ occasional ” stories you read are mere aberrations .
At close to $ 1.5 trillion every decade , we ’re not talking aberration — we ’re talking terminal illness .
There are proven alternatives
Which brings me to the final point : are there any alternatives to medications ?
And with that in mind , since we do n’t have time to cover every drug and procedure discussed today , let ’s just return to the issue that prompted this newsletter , spinal cementing .
And , in fact , there are indeed alternatives to kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty .
Surprisingly , many spinal fractures heal on their own and can be helped without surgery .
This is especially true in younger adults .
Then again , one of the most effective treatments and preventives is exercise — specifically , weight - bearing exercise .
Weight - bearing exercise is exercise in which you force your body to support weight ( your own included ) while exercising .
Studies have shown that weight bearing exercise can help slow down the rate of bone loss and osteoporosis , and therefore reduce fractures .
How does it do this ?
First , weight - bearing exercise directly stimulates bone formation .
Then , it strengthens muscles that in turn pull and tug on bones .
This pulling action actually causes the bones to become denser and stronger .
Weight - bearing activities at any age benefit bone health .
Studies have shown that even people in their 90’s can increase bone mass with weight bearing exercise .
One exceptionally useful form of weight bearing exercise is rebounding .
The act of rebounding makes use of g- forces , just like astronauts training in a centrifuge .
Rebounding can actually achieve momentary g- forces of 3.5 , which means that the bones of a 150 lb person will momentarily have to bear 525 lbs of weight on each bounce .
That ’s a lot of weight bearing .
Note :
If you already have a weakened spine , you would need to build up to rebounding to avoid stressing the spine too much , too soon .
Certain nutritional aspects can also make a major difference in preventing bone loss .
And no , I ’m not talking about the current medical “ wisdom , ” which advises :
Drink more milk .
Take calcium supplements .
Use HRT ( hormone replacement therapy ) to rebalance hormonal levels .
Drink fluoridated water since fluoride builds bone mass .
Use Fosamax , the latest wonder drug to prevent the destruction of bone .
If you go to a doctor and ask about osteoporosis , 99 percent of them will recommend some combination of the above .
Unfortunately , this protocol just does n’t work and actually contributes to osteoporosis .
For more on preventing bone loss and understanding why the above steps do n’t work , check out my newsletter on osteoporosis .
But that ’s not the point of this newsletter .
The point , as we have clearly seen , is that clinical studies in peer reviewed journals are decidedly limited .
Yes , eventually , they may get things right , but often after years and years of waste and unnecessary injury and death .
With well over a trillion dollars spent in just the last ten years on questionable treatments that at one time passed the peer review process , I think we can safely say the system is flawed .
Oh , and I almost forgot .
There ’s one other treatment for spinal fracture that studies have now shown to be virtually as effective as kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty — and it ’s free .
Or as Dr. Kallmes might say :
Take two placebos and call me in the morning .
Is the future of the computer flat ?
The Consumer Electronics
Show was a veritable parade of thin tablet computers .
But are Microsoft and Apple 's slate laptops leading a revolution that consumers want , or are they blindly following each other to disaster , like lemmings off a cliff ?
I know Megan leans toward the lemmings .
I 've been more optimistic .
But now I 'm wondering if Farhad Manjoo is right about this :
Today PCs are the world 's most powerful procrastination machines .
For half the day we use computers to get things done ; during the other half , we use them to watch movies and TV , to read books , to sort through family photos , to listen to music , and to squander hours and hours surfing the Web .
Computing is now often what people in the TV industry call a " lean - back " experience -- when you 're watching YouTube videos or reading an e-book , you 're only occasionally interacting with the machine .
So why do you need a keyboard and a mouse ?
Computers are the ideal procrastination machine because they hold both our work and a million ways to procrastinate from it .
This is different from television , where turning the cable box on signals to your brain : Power off .
Work time over .
If Apple is building a flat , personal entertainment tablet , it 's counting on consumers to want a laptop that 's less like a computer and more like a television :
A device that we 'll only power on when our minds are ready to power off .
I 'm not ready for that machine .
That computers contain the seeds to both my productivity and my procrastination is a source of perpetual stress .
But in a weird way , I 've learned to live with , and love , that combination of convenience and anxiety .
I do n't think I 'm ready to part with either .
SPECIAL INVESTIGATION :
The men who made a killing out of swine flu while we wasted £ 1bn and were exposed to harmful drugs
Only in her bedroom can Samantha Millard find some relief from the almost constant pain that racks her skeletal frame .
Her blistered skin is so sore that she has to moisturise it up to ten times a day , and her eyes are so painful and her vision so blurred that she can barely see .
The 19 - year - old cannot read or watch TV .
Instead , she closes two pairs of curtains to block out the light , lies down on her bed and listens to the radio hour after hour .
So much for the teenager 's dreams of becoming an air hostess .
For Samantha , even going to the shops with her mother is a journey too far .
Swine flu sent the nation into panic and thousands were exposed to harmful drugs
Samantha 's problems started in December when she started to feel under the weather , called her GP 's surgery and was told to ring the NHS swine flu helpline .
Samantha did as she was bid and , after a brief chat on the phone , was diagnosed as suffering from the H1N1 virus .
As is government policy , she was prescribed the anti-viral drug Tamiflu , and her mother collected it for her .
But just three tablets into the course , Samantha suffered an horrific allergic reaction to the medication .
She spent four weeks in hospital and has only recently returned home , but has been told it could be months , even years , before she recovers fully .
As if what Samantha experienced were not bad enough , her story has a final sting in the tail .
Tests carried out while she was in hospital showed that she did n't have swine flu at all and so should n't have been prescribed Tamiflu in the first place .
We were told 350 Britons a day would die
' When we were told that , I could n't believe it , ' says her mother Debbie .
' I went to pick up the Tamiflu and gave it to her - and it nearly killed her .
And she did n't even need it .'
The anger felt by Samantha and her family is intense .
And while their experience is an extreme one , they are not alone in believing that they are the victims of one of the biggest medical scandals of modern times .
For since Christmas , the numbers estimated to have contracted the virus have been falling and now stand at fewer than 5,000 a week .
During the outbreak 's peak , late last summer , the figure was 100,000 .
The rate of GP consultations for flu - like illness is now around 12 per 100,000 - lower than normal for this time of year .
Ten months after the first cases of swine flu were identified in Mexico City , British health chiefs this week said that the NHS 24 - hour flu helpline would close next Thursday - essentially heralding the end of the pandemic .
However , there is a growing feeling that the threat posed by swine flu was grossly exaggerated .
Further , the contention is that this exaggeration was deliberate and was stoked by the pharmaceutical companies that stood to cash in on a world desperate for their drugs .
Here in Britain , the Chief Medical Officer , no less , predicted that 65,000 people could die of the virus , putting the very fabric of society at risk .
The Government , desperate to be seen to be doing something , responded in a way that has become alltoofamiliar : pouring out taxpayers ' money .
In all , the British Government spent £ 1 billion stockpiling anti-viral drugs such as Tamiflu and ordering enough vaccines to give two doses to every man , woman and child .
At the same time , normal medical procedures were abandoned so that call centre workers - unqualified and often very young - could diagnose the sick and dole out medication .
Prepared : Masked Italian students arrive at Stansted last July as news breaks that swine flu cases in England doubles in a week to 100,000
But the Doomsday scenario predicted never unfolded .
In fact , just 411 people in the UK have so far died as a result of swine flu .
Of them , roughly 80 per cent had underlying health problems .
That means that fewer than 100 people have been killed by swine flu alone .
While each of those deaths is , of course , a tragedy , the question must be asked : how many other people 's health has suffered , and will suffer , because of this diversion of funds and energy ?
What also should not be underestimated is the stress and strain placed on families as they were left to decide whether to treat their sick children with powerful antivirals , with all their potential side - effects .
The same goes for the untested vaccine which was targeted , in particular , at pregnant women and young children .
Alarm : Workers at one of the 19 National Pandemic Flu Service call centres answer calls from people concerned about swine flu
The sense of relief that the H1N1 virus seems not to have been as virulent as was first feared is fast evaporating .
In its place is a sense of betrayal and real concern that the next time a similar virus strikes , formerly trusting citizens will be far less willing to do as they are told .
So , what went wrong ?
First , we need to examine the role of the National Pandemic Flu Service ( NPFS ) .
More commonly known as the swine flu hotline , it was launched last July as the frontline in the Government 's battle against the virus .
Designed to take pressure off GPs and prevent the spread of the bug , the service was responsible for ' diagnosing ' the illness and dispensing anti-virals .
Of those who contacted the NPFS between its launch and January 12 this year , 1,748,866 people were authorised to receive the anti-viral Tamiflu .
Of this number , more than 1,125,000 patients went on to collect their free prescriptions .
A further 15,000 courses of Relenza , the alternative treatmentfor pregnant women , were also handed out .
Separately , the Government also embarked on a mass vaccination programme which saw 4.25 million people receive the jab .
At first sight , the figures make impressive reading .
But they have come at that huge £ 1 billion cost .
Emergency website : The National Pandemic Flu Service website crashed within minutes of going live after receiving 2,600 hits a second
The money was spent primarily on purchasing the anti-virals and vaccines - and , make no mistake , they bought more than enough to go around .
Responding to warnings that 350 people could die < cite > every day </ cite > in Britain , it is understood that 33 million courses of Tamiflu were purchased .
Most of those remain unused .
At the same time , between 90 million and 120 million doses of the vaccine were stockpiled .
( It was initially believed that two jabs would be needed to provide protection - something that was subsequently disproved . )
In other words , the amount of Tamiflu doled out and the amount of vaccines administered is dwarfed by the amount that stands unused .
As a result , the Government is now desperately trying to renegotiate orders with suppliers , or to sell it cheap to Third World countries , and so recoup some of the money spent .
Soaring profits : GlaxoSmithKline was accused of profiteering over its H1N1 vaccine
The Government argues that it is easy to be wise with hindsight and that all it was doing was following scientific advice .
Further , it claims that if it had done nothing , then more people would have died .
But already experts are pointing to the experience of Poland , the only country in Europe which did n't inoculate against swine flu .
There , some 150 people died from the disease - out of a population of 40 million .
In December , its prime minister , Donald Tusk , said Poland had the rare ' courage ' to refuse a vaccine that he believed had not undergone sufficient testing .
Contrast that with the reaction of the British government .
Last summer , Britain had effectively crowned itself Europe 's swine flu capital .
Indeed , such was the perception abroad of the problem that in 2009 foreign visitor numbers dropped by 5 per cent .
But whether Britain was , in fact , any worse hit than elsewhere is unclear .
Research suggests that as many as eight out of ten people diagnosed as suffering from swine flu by the hotline did not have it .
That means that more than 800,000 of the one million - plus packets of Tamiflu - which cost around £ 15 each - were given out needlessly .
Further , doubt has also been cast onto the effectiveness of the Tamiflu anti-virals in treating the H1N1 virus .
While extreme adverse reactions to it , such as those suffered by Samantha , are rare - her case is being investigated by makers Roche - studies have claimed that it only marginally shortens the length of the illness .
Also , what nobody knows is how many patients suffering from potentially fatal illnesses such as pneumonia were misdiagnosed , so missing out on more appropriate treatment .
In fact , scientists are now reporting that swine flu is only one - tenth as virulent as ordinary flu .
So who was to blame for all this ?
The finger is being pointed directly at the World Health Organisation , which stands accused of announcing ' a false pandemic ' in June last year .
What was not widely known at the time was that in the spring , the WHO had softened its criteria for defining a pandemic .
Instead of the requirement that pandemic strains should cause ' enormous morbidity and death ' , henceforth all that would be required for ' pandemic status ' was ' sustained ' transmission in at least two different parts of the world at the same time .
Critics now claim that the drug companies manipulated the WHO into downgrading its criteria for a pandemic so they could cash in on an outbreak .
It is alleged that they were desperate to recoup costs , having invested some £ 2.5 billion developing vaccines to deal with the bird flu pandemic in 2007 , which , as it transpired , never happened .
These accusations form the basis of an inquiry being conducted by the Strasbourg - based human - rights group , the Council of Europe .
Dr Wolfgang Wodarg is a former president of the council 's Health Committee and is adamant that the world was misled .
' WHO advised us falsely , ' he says .
' They raised a false alarm .
It was stated that this was a flu that could threaten humanity . '
Also giving evidence , Professor Ulrich Keil , a WHO adviser on heart disease , said the decision had led to a ' gigantic misallocation ' of health budgets .
' We know the great killers include hypertension , smoking and high cholesterol , ' he said .
' Despite this , governments instead wasted huge amounts of money by investing in pandemic scenarios whose evidence base is weak . '
Labour MP
Paul Flynn believes the questions raised are legitimate ones : ' We need to know who is making the assessment of risk .
Is it based on rational , independent epidemiological evidence , or is it influenced by the pharmaceutical industry for their own purposes ?
' The main concern is that the drugs companies and the vaccine manufacturers have their tentacles in every area where decisions are taken - that includes the WHO , governments , civil service , and even charities .
' The overwhelming view now , ' says Flynn , 'is that the scare was grossly exaggerated . '
In all , it is estimated that the companies behind the vaccines and anti-virals will scoop a £ 4 billion windfall from the pandemic .
GlaxoSmithKline has revealed that sales of its vaccine reached £ 835 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
Sales of the drug Relenza have also earned it hundreds of millions of pounds .
In the same period , Novartis notched up vaccine sales of more than £ 800 million , the vast majority coming from H1N1 sales .
Meanwhile , drugs firm Roche reported an 8 per cent rise in annual sales last year , helped by sales of the swine flu drug Tamiflu , with profits up 14 per cent to £ 8.89 billion .
These companies vehemently deny having influenced the way in which the swine flu pandemic was managed .
And the WHO is unapologetic .
' Let me state clearly for the record - the influenza pandemic policies and responses recommended and taken by WHO were not improperly influenced by the pharmaceutical industry , ' said Dr Keiji Fukuda , the WHO 's top flu expert .
' We do not wait until ( these outbreaks ) have developed and we see that lots of people are dying .
What we try to do is take preventive actions .
If we are successful , no one will die , no one will notice anything . '
Further , scientists warn that it is far too early to say that the threat from the H1N1 virus is over .
They warn that a subsequent wave could strike , with more devastating impact .
For this reason , they are insisting that people continue to be vaccinated .
' When the virus returns in the 2010 flu season , those who develop complications or die will be doing so from a vaccinepreventable disease , ' insists the Chief Medical Officer , Professor Sir Liam Donaldson .
But with a growing perception that the scientists have cried wolf one too many times , the fear is that people will be less inclined to follow such advice .
And in Britain there is a nagging worry that when it comes to managing a crisis , the Government simply cannot be relied upon .
This view is captured in a letter in a national newspaper written by a certain Gordon Stockley of Chester .
In January , as Britain ground to a halt in the snow , he summed up the feelings of many : ' You report that the country has grossly overstocked on swine flu medication .
What a pity those responsible were not also in charge of ordering road salt . '
A rare moment of levity after what , for many , has been a worry - filled winter .
Search tags for this page
android phone ringing randomly , android phone wo n't stop ringing , android phone wont stop ringing , android rings randomly , android wont stop ringing , droid pro wo n't stop ringing , droid ringing randomly , why is my android phone ringing , why is my android ringing , why is my droid ringing
The death of Marie Osmond 's son is being investigated
The 18 - year - old son of American singer Marie Osmond has died , a spokesman for the family has said .
Ms Osmond , 50 , said in a statement that her family was " devastated and in deep shock by the tragic loss " of her son Michael Blosil .
News reports from the US suggested he committed suicide by jumping from an apartment building in Los Angeles .
Marie and her brother Donny hosted the popular TV variety programme the Donny & Marie Show in the late 1970s .
The Los Angeles coroner 's office said the death was being investigated .
Why can't Americans make things ?
Two words : business school .
One of the themes that came up while I was profiling White House manufacturing czar Ron Bloom earlier this fall was managerial talent .
A lot of people talk about reviving the domestic manufacturing sector , which has shed almost one - third of its manpower over the last eight years .
But some of the people I spoke to asked a slightly different question :
Even if you could reclaim a chunk of those blue - collar jobs , would you have the managers you need to supervise them ?
It ’s not obvious that you would .
Since 1965 , the percentage of graduates of highly - ranked business schools who go into consulting and financial services has doubled , from about one - third to about two - thirds .
And while some of these consultants and financiers end up in the manufacturing sector , in some respects that ’s the problem .
Harvard business professor Rakesh Khurana , with whom I discussed these questions at length , observes that most of GM ’s top executives in recent decades hailed from a finance rather than an operations background .
( Outgoing GM CEO Fritz Henderson and his failed predecessor , Rick Wagoner , both worked their way up from the company ’s vaunted Treasurer ’s office . )
But these executives were frequently numb to the sorts of innovations that enable high - quality production at low cost .
As Khurana quips , “ That ’s how you end up with GM rather than Toyota . ”
How did we get to this point ?
In some sense , it ’s the result of broad historical and economic forces .
Up until World War I , the archetypal manufacturing CEO was production oriented — usually an engineer or inventor of some kind .
Even as late as the 1930s , business school curriculums focused mostly on production .
Khurana notes that many schools during this era had mini-factories on campus to train future managers .
After World War II , large corporations went on acquisition binges and turned themselves into massive conglomerates .
In their landmark Harvard Business Review article from 1980 , “ Managing Our Way to Economic Decline , ” Robert Hayes and William Abernathy pointed out that the conglomerate structure forced managers to think of their firms as a collection of financial assets , where the goal was to allocate capital efficiently , rather than as makers of specific products , where the goal was to maximize quality and long - term * market share .
By the 1980s , the conglomerate boom was reversing itself .
Investors began seizing control of overgrown public companies and breaking them up .
But this task was , if anything , even more dependent on fluency in financial abstractions .
The leveraged - buyout boom produced a whole generation of finance tycoons — the Michael Milkens of the world — whose ability to value corporate assets was far more important than their ability to run them .
Local DNS Cache for Faster Browsing August 2 , 2006
Posted by Carthik in administration
A DNS server resolves domain names into IP addresses .
So when you request “ google.com ” for example , the DNS server finds out the address for the domain , and sends your request the right way .
You can run a DNS cache on your computer .
This will speed up the process of looking up domain names when browsing .
The difference is about 30 - 60 ms for me .
Multiply that difference by the number of websites you visit a day for an approximate estimate of the speed improvement .
Of course , all this would be worth it if it were n’t for the fact that setting this up is way too easy .
The following instructions are for someone with a cable ( broadband ) internet connection , where the computer gets it ’s local IP address using DHCP from the router in your house / office :
The package we will be using for caching nameserver lookups is called dnsmasq .
So first , install it using :
$ sudo apt - get install dnsmasq
( If you ca n’t find then , then you probably have n’t added the Universe repository to your list of repositories . )
No uncomment the following line ( that is edit the line to NOT have a “ # ” in the beginning ) in the file /etc/dnsmasq.conf :
listen - address=127.0.0.1
Now edit /etc/dhcp3/dhclient.conf and make sure the section below exactly like this , especially the line that says “ prepend domain - name - servers 127.0.0.1 ; ”
# supersede domain - name " fugue.com home.vix.com " ;
prepend domain - name - servers 127.0.0.1 ;
request subnet - mask , broadcast - address , time - offset , routers ,
domain - name , domain - name - servers , host - name ,
netbios - name - servers , netbios - scope ;
Explanation for the above change :
In the normal case , when you get a new dhcp lease , the dhcp3 client ( tool ) on your computer gets a new lease , and updates the /etc / resolv.conf file on your computer with the right values for the DNS servers to use ( usually some machine in the network of your hosting provider ) .
Adding the “ prepend ” option as we did above ensures that “ 127.0.0.1 ” will appear on the top of the list of DNS servers .
That magic number refers to your own computer .
So in the future , whenever your computer needs to resolve a domain name , it will forward that request to dnsmasq ( which is running at 127.0.0.1 – your computer ) .
If the details for the domain name are already in you cache , well and good , dnsmasq will serve it up and make the process real fast .
If it is not in the cache , then dnsmasq will look at the /etc / resolv.conf file and use the nameservers listed below the “ 127.0.0.1 ” .
I hope that explains things .
Now open the file / etc/resolv.conf in your text editor .
It probably looks like :
search yourisp.com
nameserver 217.54.170.023
nameserver 217.54.170.024
nameserver 217.54.170.026
The 127.0.0.1 is missing right now since you have n’t renewed your lease after you edited the /etc/ dhcp3/dhclient.conf file .
So , let us add that in manually this one time .
After you do , your /etc/resolv.conf file will look like the following :
search yourisp.com
nameserver 127.0.0.1
nameserver 217.54.170.023
nameserver 217.54.170.024
nameserver 217.54.170.026
Do n’t worry if the numbers are different – if they are not , then hey – we must be neighbours 😉
Okay .
We are almost done here .
All we have to do now is to restart dnsmasq so that the changes we made to the configuration file take effect .
You can do that using the command :
$ sudo /etc/init.d / dnsmasq restart .
Now you are running a local DNS cache .
If you want to measure your speed improvement , type the command :
$ dig google.com
You will see something like “ ; ; Query time : 38 msec ” there .
Now type the command again , and you should see something like : ” ; ; Query time : 2 msec ”
See , the first time , since google .
com ’s details were not in your cache ( you are using it for the first time ) , the query took 38 ms .
The second time , the cache speeds up the lookup .
I have been using this for over a month now , and have n’t had a problem .
The following is ONLY for dsl customers
Note :
If you have a dsl connection , the following may work :
Basically , the differences are in how the “ conf ” files are edited and used .
Copy the /etc/resolv.conf file to /etc/resolv.dnsmasq.conf
Then , edit the /etc/dnsmasq.conf file as follows :
# Change this line if you want dns to get its upstream servers from
# somewhere other that /etc/resolv.conf
resolv-file=/etc/resolv.dnsmasq.conf
You also have to uncomment the line that says listen - address =127.0.0.1
Now , edit /etc/ resolv.conf to have ONLY the following line in it :
nameserver 127.0.0.1
Next , edit /etc / ppp/ peers/dsl-provider and change the line :
usepeerdns to
#usepeerdns
( that is , comment out that line )
The ppp client does not allow you to prepend the 127.0.0.1 entry to your /etc/resolv.conf file .
So what we did in the above was to create a copy of your previous resolv.conf for dnsmasq to use for lookups , update the file to use a local cache , and then prevent the ppp client from overwriting the resolv.conf file the next time .
Now you can restart the dnsmasq service as I explained above , and start enjoying faster name resolution .
I do n’t have a dsl connection , and so all the above is to the best of my knowledge .
To those of you still on dial - up – THANK YOU for visiting my blog !
( I ’m too ignorant to know how to change things to get dnsmasq to work on dial - up 🙂 )
Ausschnitt aus der gehackten Flirt - Website
Hacker aus dem Umfeld des 26 .
Chaos Communication Congress ( 26C3 ) in Berlin haben sich Zugang zur kompletten Datenbank hinter der Partnersuchseite " MA Flirt " verschafft und diese samt Nutzerdaten und Profilbildern ins Netz gestellt .
Das Portal war in der Nacht mit mehreren Bildern eines Affen " verziert " , der die Hand wie zum Hitlergruss hebt und eine Armbinde mit Hakenkreuz trägt .
Beobachtern zufolge handelt es sich bei der derzeit nicht erreichbaren Seite um eine " Nazi- Partnerbörse " .
Sie ist mit Schlagworten verknüpft wie " Deutsch " , " Kameradschaft " , " Kraftschlag " , " Liebe " , " Nationalist " , " NPD " , " Odin " , " Sex " , " Skinhead " , " Sturmwehr " oder " Walkryre " .
In der Datenbank sind knapp tausend Profile mit teils mehreren Fotos der Partnersuchenden verzeichnet .
Zu den verwendete Pseudonymen gehören Begriffe wie " Wikinger71 " , " Sturmgewitter " , " Landser27 " , " NordischeMaid " , " NSbunnyMV " oder " SSteffan " Dazu kommen untereinander getauschte Bilder , die etwa einen jungen SS - Angehörigen mit der Unterschrift " Arier ... nicht nur sauber ­ sondern rein ! " zeigen oder einen Bill - Kaulitz - Verschnitt mit dem Text " Billy Boy ­ Darum ist Verhütung wichtig ! " unterlegen .
Auch das linke Nachrichtenportal Indymedia hat von dem Hack bereits Wind bekommen und Profilnamen aus der MA - Flirt - Datenbank nebst vollständigen E - Mail - Adressen und Ortsangaben auf der eigenen Webseite online gestellt .
Schon im vergangenen Jahr hatten sich Hacker während des damaligen Kongresses an Webseiten aus der rechten Szene zu schaffen gemacht .
Einige weitere Webserver haben den " Tests " der Sicherheitsexperten aus dem Hackcenter im Kellergeschoss des Berliner Congress Center , wo der Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) sein Jahrestreffen abhält , ebenfalls nicht standgehalten .
So finden sich etwa auch Fotos und weitere Angaben aus der regionalen Partnerbörse " Harzflirt.de " über das Verzeichnis gehackter Seiten im Kongress - Wiki .
Dazu kamen die üblichen " Verschönerungen " etwa von Parteiseiten der CSU Rosenheim oder Kehlheim mit " Stopp - Schildern " sowie von Unternehmensauftritten im Web , auf denen die Datenreisenden ungewöhnliche Grüße zum Jahreswechsel und in vielen Fällen das Kongresslogo hinterlassen haben .
Zu schaffen gemacht haben sich die Hacker zudem etwa an Datenbanken eines Single - Treffs der Bundeswehr sowie der NPD Niederbayern .
Als Ziele für weitere Arbeiten werden unter anderem Verkehrsbetriebe wie die BVG oder die Deutsche Bahn , Bild.de oder die Portale von " Datenkraken " wie StudiVZ genannt .
( as )
More women than men in work ' within four years ' as ' Full Monty ' recession brings jobs revolution
Researchers believe the recession has created a ' Full Monty generation ' ( Robert Carlyle pictured in the film ) , who have lost traditional male jobs
More women will be working than men within four years after the number of males with jobs slumped to an all - time low , say researchers .
They believe the recession has created a ' Full Monty generation ' , who have lost traditional male jobs and moved on to benefits .
An analysis of official figures reveals that the number of men of working age with jobs has slumped from 92 per cent in 1971 to 75 per cent today .
Meanwhile , the number of women who are employed has risen from 56 per cent to 69 per cent as the service sector has flourished .
In 1971 , the gap between the number of men and women with jobs was 35 per cent ; now it is just 6 per cent .
However , women still have some way to go before they work as many hours and earn as much money , in total , as men .
This is because a higher proportion of women work part - time , or earn a relatively modest wage .
In contrast , most men in employment are working full - time .
The centre - right think - tank Policy - Exchange , which carried out the analysis , says that at the current rate the number of women in work will have overtaken the number of men with a job within four years .
This would be a seismic shift in the British jobs market that could see another generation of men accustomed to a life of worklessness .
The number of women in employment has been rising since June , but the numbers for men continue to fall .
The trend is even more pronounced among young people - where teenage men have been hit hardest by the recession .
Among 16 and 17 - year - olds women already outnumber men in the workplace , with 30 per cent holding down a job , compared with just 23 per cent of men .
Between September 2008 and September 2009 the employment rate for young women fell by 2.8 per cent .
But over the same period the number of young men in employment fell by 8.8 per cent .
The employment rate for young men has now halved since 1997 - when it was 46.7 per cent and is at the lowest level since records began .
The Policy Exchange has used the example of the 1997 film The Full Monty to highlight the issue .
The British comedy chronicled how with Sheffield gripped by mass male unemployment , a group of jobless men in the city became strippers .
Neil O'Brien , director of Policy Exchange , said : ' We are having a Full Monty - style recession with women faring much better than men .
' As Britain has lost industrial jobs over the last couple of decades , the number of men in work has collapsed , and the numbers on benefits soared .
The current recession is accelerating this trend further .
' Britain faces a big problem here .
It seems that men are either not getting - or do n't want - the kinds of service sector jobs that have been created in recent years .
That has to change .
Young men are being hit particularly hard by this recession . '
The Tories claimed that Labour 's failure to address the skills gap among working - age men has left them ill equipped to take the new kinds of jobs in the growth areas of the economy such as the hi-tech sector .
Tory work and pensions spokesman Theresa May said : ' Unless Labour address the growing skills gap in the economy we risk losing a generation of men to a cycle of worklessness . '
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said : ' Government has invested £ 5 billion to help everyone who loses their job get back to work and this is making a real difference .
The Government does n't give up on anyone who is out of work . '
• One million people have died or retired while on Incapacity Benefit under Labour , figures show .
There are currently 2.63 million claiming Incapacity Benefits or its new replacement benefit , Employment and Support Allowance .
More than half of those claiming incapacity payments have been on benefits for five years or more .
The Tories claimed the figures are evidence that once people of working age are consigned to a life of worklessness they seldom escape the benefits culture .
Labour said numbers on out - of - work benefits have fallen by 300,000 since it took power .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
THE .50 CALIBER
Bushmaster bolt action rifle is a serious weapon .
The model that Pvt. 1st Class Lee Pray is saving up for has a 2,500 - yard range and comes with a Mark IV scope and an easy - load magazine .
When the 25 - year - old drove me to a mall in Watertown , New York , near the Fort Drum Army base , he brought me to see it in its glass case — he visits it periodically , like a kid coveting something at the toy store .
It ’ll take plenty of military paychecks to cover the $ 5,600 price tag , but he considers the Bushmaster essential in his preparations to take on the US government when it declares martial law .
His belief that that day is imminent has led Pray to a group called Oath Keepers , one of the fastest - growing “ patriot ” organizations on the right .
Founded last April by Yale - educated lawyer and ex-Ron Paul aide Stewart Rhodes , the group has established itself as a hub in the sprawling anti-Obama movement that includes Tea Partiers , Birthers , and 912ers .
Glenn Beck , Lou Dobbs , and Pat Buchanan have all sung its praises , and in December , a grassroots summit it helped organize drew such prominent guests as representatives Phil Gingrey and Paul Broun , both Georgia Republicans .
There are scores of patriot groups , but what makes Oath Keepers unique is that its core membership consists of men and women in uniform , including soldiers , police , and veterans .
At regular ceremonies in every state , members reaffirm their official oaths of service , pledging to protect the Constitution — but then they go a step further , vowing to disobey “ unconstitutional ” orders from what they view as an increasingly tyrannical government .
Pray ( who asked me to use his middle name rather than his first ) and five fellow soldiers based at Fort Drum take this directive very seriously .
In the belief that the government is already turning on its citizens , they are recruiting military buddies , stashing weapons , running drills , and outlining a plan of action .
For years , they say , police and military have trained side by side in local anti-terrorism exercises around the nation .
In September 2008 , the Army began training the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team to provide humanitarian aid following a domestic disaster or terror attack — and to help with crowd control and civil unrest if need be .
( The ACLU has expressed concern about this deployment . )
And some of Pray ’s comrades were guinea pigs for military - grade sonic weapons , only to see them used by Pittsburgh police against protesters last fall .
Most of the men ’s gripes revolve around policies that began under President Bush but did n’t scare them so much at the time .
“ Too many conservatives relied on Bush ’s character and did n’t pay attention , ” founder Rhodes told me .
“ Only now , with Obama , do they worry and see what has been done .
Maybe you said , I trusted Bush to only go after the terrorists .*
But what do you think can happen down the road when they say , ‘ I think you are a threat to the nation ? ' ”
In Pray ’s estimate , it might not be long ( months , perhaps a year ) before President Obama finds some pretext — a pandemic , a natural disaster , a terror attack — to impose martial law , ban interstate travel , and begin detaining citizens en masse .
One of his fellow Oath Keepers , a former infantryman , advised me to prepare a “ bug out ” bag with 39 items including gas masks , ammo , and water purification tablets , so that I ’d be ready to go “ when the shit hits the fan . ”
When it does , Pray and his buddies plan to go AWOL and make their way to their “ fortified bunker ” — the home of one comrade ’s parents in rural Idaho — where they ’ve stocked survival gear , generators , food , and weapons .
If it becomes necessary , they say , they will turn those guns against their fellow soldiers .
PRAY AND I DRIVE through a bleak landscape of fallow winter fields and strip malls in his blue Dodge Stratus as Drowning Pool ’s “ Bodies ” — a heavy metal song once used to torment Abu Ghraib detainees — plays on the stereo .
Clad in an oversize black hoodie that hides his military physique , Pray sports an Army - issue buzz cut and is seriously inked ( skulls , smoke , an eagle ) .
His father kicked him out of the house at age 14 .
Two years later , after working jobs from construction to plumbing —
” If it ’s blue collar , I ’ve done it ” — he tried to enlist .
It was n’t long after 9/11 , and he was hell - bent on revenge .
The Army turned him down .
Blaming the “ THOR ” tattooed across his fist , Pray tried to burn it off .
On September 11 , 2006 , he approached the Army again and was accepted .
Now Pray is both a Birther and a Truther .
He believes he is following an illegitimate , foreign - born president in a war on terror launched by a government plot — 9/11 .
He admires soldiers like Army reservist Major Stefan Frederick Cook , who volunteered for a deployment last May and then sued to avoid it — claiming that Obama is not a natural - born citizen and is thus unfit for command .
Pray himself had been eager to go to Iraq when his own unit deployed last June , but he smashed both knees falling from a crane rig and the injuries kept him stateside .
In September , he was demoted from specialist to private first class — he ’d been written up for bullshit infractions , he claims , after seeking help for a drinking problem .
His job on base involves operating and maintaining heavy machinery ; the day before we met , he and his fellow “ undeployables ” had attached a snowplow to a Humvee , their biggest assignment in a while .
He spends idle hours at the now - quiet base researching the New World Order and conspiracies about swine flu quarantine camps — and doing his best to “ wake up ” other soldiers .
Pray is n’t sure how to do this and still cover his ass .
He talks to me on the record and agrees to be photographed , even as he hints that the CIA may be listening in on his phone .
Although I met him through contacts from the group ’s Facebook page , Pray , fearing retribution , keeps his Oath Keepers ties unofficial .
( Rhodes encourages active - duty soldiers to remain anonymous , noting that a group with large numbers of anonymous members can instill in its adversaries the fear of the unknown — a “ great force multiplier . ” )
For a time , Pray insisted we communicate via Facebook ( safer than regular email , he claims ) .
Driving me from the mall back to my motel , he takes a new route .
He says unmarked black cars sometimes trail him .
It sounds paranoid .
Then again , when you ’re an active - duty soldier contemplating treason , some level of paranoia is probably sensible .
The next afternoon we join Brandon , one of Pray ’s Army buddies , for steaks .
Sitting in a pleather booth at Texas Roadhouse , the young men talk boastfully about their military capabilities and weapons caches .
Role - playing the enemy in military exercises , Brandon says , has prepared him to evade and fight back against US troops .
“ I know their tactics , ” brags Pray .
“ I know how they do room sweeps , work their convoys — if we attack this vehicle , what the others will do . ”
A strapping Idahoan , Brandon ( who does n’t want his full name used ) enlisted as a teenager when he got his girlfriend pregnant and needed a stable job , stat .
( She lost the baby and they split , but he ’s still glad he signed up . )
Unlike his friend , he does n’t think the United Nations must be dismantled , although he does agree that it represents the New World Order , and he suspects that concentration camps are being readied in the off - limits section of Fort Drum .
He sends 500 rounds of ammunition home to Idaho each month .
EVERY YEAR ON April 19 , history buffs gather on the village green in Lexington , Massachusetts , to reenact the first battle of the Revolutionary War .
For Stewart Rhodes , it was the ideal setting to unveil the organization his followers consider the embodiment of a second American Revolution .
Rhodes , 44 , is a constitutional lawyer — his 2004 Yale Law School paper , “ Solving the Puzzle of Enemy Combatant Status , ” won the school ’s award for best paper on the Bill of Rights .
He ’s now working on a book tentatively titled We the Enemy : How Applying the Laws of War to the American People in the War on Terror Threatens to Destroy Our Constitutional Republic .
Raised in the Southwest , Rhodes enlisted in the Army after high school , receiving an honorable discharge after he injured his spine during a night parachute jump .
He enrolled at the University of Nevada and in 1998 , after graduating , landed a job supervising interns for Congressman Ron Paul .
Rhodes has also worked as a firearms instructor and a sculptor — for Vegas ’ MGM Grand hotel , he produced a fiberglass Minuteman statue — and has practiced law in small - town Montana ( “ Ivy League quality without Ivy League expense ” ) .
He writes a gun-rights column for SWAT magazine .
He ’s a libertarian , staunch constitutionalist , and devout Christian .
It was while volunteering for Ron Paul ’s doomed presidential bid that Rhodes decided to abandon electoral politics in favor of grassroots organizing .
As an undergrad , he had been fascinated by the notion that if German soldiers and police had refused to follow orders , Hitler could have been stopped .
Then , in early 2008 , SWAT received a letter from a retired colonel declaring that “ the Constitution and our Bill of Rights are gravely endangered ” and that service members , veterans , and police “ is where they will be saved , if they are to be saved at all ! ”
Rhodes responded with a breathless column starring a despotic president , “ Hitlery ” Clinton , in her “ Chairman Mao signature pantsuit . ”
Would readers , he asked , obey orders from this “ dominatrix - in - chief ” to hold militia members as enemy combatants , disarm citizens , and shoot all resisters ?
If “ a police state comes to America , it will ultimately be by your hands , ” he warned .
You had better “ resolve to not let it happen on your watch . ”
He set up an Oath Keepers blog , asking soldiers and veterans to post testimonials .
Word spread .
Military officers offered assistance .
A Marine Corps veteran invited Rhodes to speak at a local Tea Party event .
Paul campaigners provided strategic advice .
And by the time Rhodes arrived in Lexington to speak at a rally staged by a pro-militia group , a movement was afoot .
Rhodes stood on the common that day before a crowd of about 400 die - hard patriot types .
He spoke their language .
“ You need to be alert and aware to the reality of how close we are to having our constitutional republic destroyed , ” he said .
“ Every dictatorship in the history of mankind , whether it is fascist , communist , or whatever , has always set aside normal procedures of due process under times of emergency …
We ca n’t let that happen here .
We need to wake up ! ”
He laid out 10 orders an Oath Keeper should not obey , including conducting warrantless searches , holding American citizens as enemy combatants or subjecting them to military tribunals ( a true Oath Keeper would have refused to hold José Padilla in a military brig ) , imposing martial law , blockading US cities , forcing citizens into detention camps ( “ tyrannical governments eventually and invariably put people in camps ” ) , and cooperating with foreign troops should the government ask them to intervene on US soil .
In Rhodes ’ view , each individual Oath Keeper must determine where to draw the line .
The crowd was full of familiar faces from patriot rallies and town hall meetings , with an impressive showing by luminaries of the rising patriot movement .
There was Richard Mack , a former Arizona sheriff who had refused to enforce the Brady Law in the mid-’90s .
Also present was Mike Vanderboegh , whose Three Percenter movement styles itself after the legendary 3 percent of American colonists who took up arms against the British .
Rhodes singled out Marine Charles Dyer , a .k.a.
July4Patriot — whose YouTube videos advocate armed resistance — as a “ man of like minds . ”
When Rhodes finished , Captain Larry Bailey , a retired Navy SEAL , Swift Boater , and founder of the anti-antiwar group Gathering of Eagles , asked the crowd to raise their right hands and retake their oath — not to the president , but to the Constitution .
* Correction :
An earlier version of this story omitted “ Maybe you said . ”
We have corrected the error .
RHODES ’ TIMING WAS impeccable .
Twelve days earlier , the Department of Homeland Security had issued a report warning that a black president , weak economy , and high unemployment rate had created a “ fertile recruiting environment ” for right - wing extremists — ” disgruntled ” vets from Iraq and Afghanistan , the report noted , could bring combat know - how to domestic terrorist groups .
Predictably , veterans groups went ballistic , and the report itself became a potent Oath Keepers recruiting tool .
“ The No. 1 focus of DHS is not Islamic terrorists — it is me and you , ” Rhodes told followers .
“ They will unleash the government against you , silence you and suppress you ! ”
Oath Keepers collaborates regularly with like - minded citizens groups ; last Fourth of July , Rhodes dispatched speakers to administer the oath at more than 30 Tea Party rallies across America .
At last fall ’s 9/12 march on Washington , he led a contingent of Oath Keepers from the Capitol steps down to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial .
Afterward , Oath Keepers cohosted a banquet with the hawkish Gathering of Eagles .
This February , a member of the group organized a Florida Freedom Rally featuring Joe the Plumber and conservative singer Lloyd Marcus .
( Sample lyrics : Mr. President !
Your stimulus is sure to bust / it ’s just a socialistic scheme /
The only thing it will do / is kill the American Dream . )
Rhodes has become a darling of right - wing pundits .
In a column last October , Pat Buchanan predicted that “ Brother Rhodes is headed for cable stardom . ”
Glenn Beck has cited the group as a “ phenomenal ” example of the “ patriot revival movement , ” while Lou Dobbs declared that its platform “ should give solace and comfort to the left in this country . ”
Conspiracy - radio king Alex Jones even put an Oath Keepers segment , including footage of the Lexington speech , on his hit DVD Fall of the Republic .
“ I ca n’t stress enough how much your organization is scaring the globalists , ” he told Rhodes on his show .
All this attention has put Oath Keepers on the radar of anti-hate groups .
Last year , the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center both name - checked the group in their reports on rising anti-government extremism .
“ They think the word ‘ patriot ’ is a smear , ” Rhodes countered during his Dobbs segment .
SPLC ’s Mark Potok “ wants to lump us in with white supremacists and neo -Nazis , and of course make the insinuation that we ’re the next McVeigh . ”
But such attacks have only raised Oath Keepers ’ profile .
After a combative Hardball interview in October — host Chris Matthews asked Rhodes whether Oath Keepers had the “ firepower to stand up against the federal government ” — the group says it gained 2,000 members in three days .
As of mid-January , according to Rhodes , Oath Keepers had at least one chapter in every state and was adding dozens of members daily .
Some 14,000 people had signed up as members on the Oath Keepers website while more than 15,000 , including dozens of military recruiters , had done so on Facebook .
And that does n’t include those who , fearing reprisal , do their networking offline .
Volunteers are in the process of sending out some 1,000 “ constitutional care packages ” complete with Oath Keepers patches to soldiers serving overseas .
IT IS EASY ENOUGH to dismiss the Oath Keepers as ( in the words of Britain ’s Independent ) “ right - wing crackpots ” or “ extremist nimrods ” ( Huffington Post ) .
CNN stressed the group ’s conspiracy theories in its series on militias .
But beyond the predictable stereotypes , “ the reality is a lot of them are fairly intelligent , well - educated people who have complex worldviews that are thoroughly thought out , ” says author David Neiwert , who has been following the patriot movement closely since the ’90s .
Rhodes ’ vision is simple —
” It ’s the Constitution , stupid . ”
He views the founding blueprint the way fundamentalist Christians view the Bible .
In Rhodes ’ America , sovereign states — ” like little labs of freedom ” — would have their own militias and zero gun restrictions .
He would limit federal power to what ’s stated explicitly in the Constitution and Bill of Rights ; any new federal law affecting the states would require a constitutional amendment .
“ If your state goes retarded , ” he says , “ you can move to another state and vote with your feet . ”
The president would be stripped of emergency powers that allow him to seize property , restrict travel , institute martial law , and otherwise ( as the Congressional Research Service has put it ) “ control the lives of United States citizens . ”
The Constitution , Rhodes explains , “ was created to check us in times of emergency when we are freaking out . ”
Much of this is familiar rhetoric , part of a continuous strain in American politics that reemerged most recently during the 1990s .
Back then , a similar combination of recession and Democratic rule led to the rise of citizen militias , the Posse Comitatus movement , and Oath Keepers - type groups like Police & Military Against the New World Order .
But those groups had little reach .
Nowadays , through the power of YouTube and social networking , and with a boost from the cable punditry , Oath Keepers can reach millions and make its message part of the national conversation — furthering the notion that citizens can simply disregard a government they loathe .
“ The underlying sentiment is an attack on government dating back to the New Deal and before , ” says author Neiwert .
“ Ron Paul has been a significant conduit in recent years , but nothing like Glenn Beck and Michele Bachmann and Sarah Palin — all of whom share that innate animus . ”
Oath Keepers ’ strength derives from what Rhodes calls “ a very powerful common bond ” ( the vow of service ) as well as the uniform — ” a powerful source of credibility and respect ” that allows members to “ throw their weight into any movement … and tip any election . ”
Rhodes is wary of “ old - party asshole RINOs ” ( Republicans in name only ) — he mentions Dick Armey , the former House majority leader turned Tea Party sponsor — who in his view are merely out to hijack the grassroots .
Most Oath Keepers may intend to disobey their commanders only in the instances the group highlights .
But the group ’s ideas also appeal to extremists like Daniel Knight Hayden , whose inflammatory tweets last April ( “ START THE KILLING NOW ! ” ) signaled his intent to wreak havoc at a Tax Day protest .
On the morning of April 15 he sent out a tweet touting Oath Keepers , followed by “ Locked AND loaded for the Oklahoma State Capitol .
Let ’s see what happens . ”
( The FBI arrested him at home a few hours later ; he was eventually convicted for transmitting interstate threats . )
Rhodes vigorously denounced Hayden , but the episode hinted at the power of the group ’s language .
Rhetoric like Rhodes ’ ( “ Do you want them to kick down your door in body armor ? ” ) can have “ an unhinging effect ” on people inclined toward violent action , Neiwert explains .
“ It puts them in a state of mind of fearfulness and paranoia , creating so much anger and hatred that eventually that stuff boils over . ”
In the months I ’ve spent getting to know the Oath Keepers , I ’ve toggled between viewing them either as potentially dangerous conspiracy theorists or as crafty intellectuals with the savvy to rally politicians to their side .
The answer , I came to realize , is that they cover the whole spectrum .
ON A CLEAR September evening , I found myself in suite 610 at the Texas Station casino in North Las Vegas mingling with two dozen Oath Keepers state leaders , directors , and hardcore devotees .
It was past midnight , but the place — down to the American flag wallpaper in the bathroom — was awake with the sense of a movement primed to burst into the national consciousness .
Mississippi director Chris Evans , who sports a long beard and cowboy hat , declared in his pronounced drawl that this gathering was so important to him that for the first time since 9/11 he ’d succumbed to the “ invasive breach of privacy ” required to fly here .
Rand Cardwell , who organized multiple chapters in Tennessee , only woke up , he told me , when the government began bailing out big companies and left ordinary people in the cold : “ Pain causes action , ” he said .
For others here , the aha moment came with the Patriot Act or when federal troops and contractors confiscated weapons in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
As techies swarmed around laptops discussing website tweaks , two shy Midwesterners who hoped to become state directors told me they were eager to learn recruiting tips .
An energetic young veteran griped that hate - crime bills aim to police people ’s thoughts , and that the “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” bumper stickers popular with constitutionalists raise enough suspicion these days to get a person pulled over by the authorities .
Over bottled water and microbrews , they swapped tips on how to involve members in state militias , spread viral YouTube videos of soldiers reaffirming their oaths , and reach out to other patriots .
They boasted of recruiting at gun shows , approaching politicians and cops , and stuffing leaflets into magazines in veterans hospital waiting rooms .
The three - day conference was called posthaste after Rhodes realized that his group was growing beyond his control .
On the first night , over a casino buffet of barbecue , goopy Chinese food , and key lime pie , core members scrutinized printouts of potential organizational structures before heading upstairs to sign legal documents , pick a board of directors , and start nominating state representatives .
Rhodes caught wind of my presence during the introductory meet and greet .
Taking me aside , he told me he ’d decided reporters were n’t welcome .
After I protested that the Oath Keepers website had described the conference as open to the public , he offered to refund my $ 300 entrance fee .
Then I told him I ’d read his Yale paper and shared many of his concerns about executive power ; I really wanted to hear what Oath Keepers had to say .
In the end , he agreed to let me stay and eventually invited me to hang out with the inner circle .
The next morning , in a casino ballroom , a hundred or so Oath Keepers exchanged business cards and schmoozed in between speeches about constitutional law , American Revolutionary history , and a soldier ’s obligation to disobey illegal orders —
Nuremberg references on full display .
Clad in suits , or slacks with button - downs , most of them could have been attending an insurance convention .
One Oath Keeper handed out Gadsden - flag bumper stickers , while others sold T - shirts , baseball caps , and polo shirts featuring the group ’s minuteman logo and motto : “ Not on our watch . ”
There was a raffle , and James Sugra , one of the masterminds behind Ron Paul ’s fundraising “ money bombs , ” scored a huge framed replica of the Constitution .
To enthusiastic applause , a driver in the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series ( a hot new cross between NASCAR and monster truck rallies ) announced that the Oath Keepers would get free ad space on his car .
Their logo would be seen on television sets across America .
During the talks , I sat between a libertarian who had biked across America , stopping at police stations to hand out recruiting materials , and a first - generation Chinese American stay - at - home dad from San Francisco who invited me to my local chapter ’s winter survivalist training and rifle practice — extracurriculars , he assured me .
Oath Keepers is officially nonpartisan , in part to make it easier for active - duty soldiers to participate , but its rightward bent is undeniable , and liberals are viewed with suspicion .
At lunch , when I questioned my tablemates about the Obama - Hitler comparisons I ’d heard at the conference , I got a step - by - step tutorial on how the president ’s socialized medicine agenda would beget a Nazi - style regime .
I learned that bringing guns to Tea Party protests was a reminder of our constitutional rights , was introduced to the notion that the founding fathers modeled their governing documents on the Bible , and debated whether being Muslim meant an inability to believe in and abide by — and thus be protected by — the Constitution .
I was schooled on the treachery of the Federal Reserve and why America needs a gold standard , and at dinner one night , Nighta Davis , national organizer for the National 912 Project , explained how abortion - rights advocates are part of a eugenics program targeting Christians .
I also met Lt. Commander Guy Cunningham , a retired Navy officer and Oath Keeper who in 1994 took it upon himself to survey personnel at the 29 Palms Marine Corps base about their willingness to accept domestic missions and serve with foreign troops .
A quarter of the Marines he polled said that they would be willing to fire on Americans who refused to disarm in the face of a federal order — a finding routinely cited by militia and patriot groups worried about excessive government powers .
From the podium , ex-sheriff Mack told the crowd that he wished he ’d been the officer ordered to escort Rosa Parks off the bus , because not only would he have refused , he would have helped her home and stood guard there .
These days , he said , it ’s not African Americans who are under attack , but Christians , constitutionalists , and people who uphold family values :
This time “ it ’s going to be Rosa Parks the gun owner , Rosa Parks the tax evader , or Rosa Parks the home - schooler . ”
Mack runs the “ No Sheriff Left Behind ” campaign encouraging state and local authorities to disregard federal laws that they believe violate states ’ rights .
During the 1990s , he successfully eviscerated a Brady Law provision requiring sheriffs to run background checks on handgun purchasers .
Another sheriff who spoke , Mark Gower of Iron County , Utah , uses Mack ’s precedent to refuse to act against property owners who violate the Endangered Species Act .
The conference ’s lifetime achievement award went to Army Specialist Michael New , discharged in 1996 for refusing to wear a United Nations helmet and patch while serving in Germany .
Oath Keepers steers clear of certain issues .
Personally , Rhodes would prefer the list of objectionable orders to include detaining foreigners indefinitely at facilities like Guantanamo .
And while he argues that torture should never be legal , the group takes no official stance on America ’s war on terror or overseas engagements .
After an Oath Keeper who is also a member of Iraq Veterans Against the War touted IVAW repeatedly on Oath Keepers ’
Web forum , Rhodes deleted the guy ’s online testimonial .
“ The IVAW have their own totalitarian mindset , ” he told me .
“ I do n’t like communists any more than I like Nazis . ”
On the conference ’s final day , National 912 Project chairman Patrick Jenkins stepped up to talk about the National Liberty Unity Summits his group was organizing in cooperation with Oath Keepers .
They would provide a chance , he said , for patriots to forge a common agenda and a plan to carry it out .
At the first summit , in December , attendees included representatives of groups from FairTax Nation to the Constitution Party to Phyllis Schlafly ’s Eagle Forum .
On hand were Ralph Reed Jr. ( former director of Pat Robertson ’s Christian Coalition and recent founder of the Faith and Freedom Coalition ) , Larry Pratt ( head of Gun Owners of America ) , and Tim Cox ( founder of Get Out of Our House , an organization praised on Fox News for its goal of replacing business - as - usual incumbents with “ ordinary folks ” ) .
Most notable were representatives Broun and Gingrey , who according to summit organizer Nighta Davis have expressed willingness to introduce legislation crafted by summit attendees .
( So , Davis says , have Steve King [ R - Iowa ] and Michele Bachmann [ R - Minn . ] .
None of the representatives agreed to comment for this story . )
The December gathering was merely a windup .
In mid-April , another summit is planned to coincide with a huge gun-rights march and a Tax Day Tea Party rally in Washington organized by Dick Armey ’s FreedomWorks PAC and the American Liberty Alliance — whose home page touts Oath Keepers as a key part of “ the Movement . ”
Organizers expect hundreds of thousands to turn out .
The Oath Keepers will be there en masse .
IN VEGAS , Rhodes took me aside repeatedly to explain that many of those in attendance — including featured speakers like “ Patriot Pastor ” Garrett Lear ( “ When a government does n’t obey God , we must reform it ” ) — might not represent Oath Keepers ’ official message .
He and his Web staff have been overwhelmed , he told me , by the amount of policing required to keep people from posting “ off message ” commentary encouraging violence or racism .
Last December , they shut down one forum because too many posters were using it to recruit for militias .
The Constitution , of course , allows citizens to form militias so long as their intent is to defend and not overthrow the government , but active - duty soldiers can lose security clearances or get demoted for associating with them .
Rhodes advises members to go ahead and join — just not in Oath Keepers ’ name .
“ As a matter of strategy , it is best to keep the two separate , ” he wrote in a post .
There may also be serious downsides for a soldier who follows through on his Oath Keepers pledge .
Disobeying orders can mean discharge or imprisonment .
“ You have every right to disobey an order if you think it is illegal , ” says Army spokesman Nathan Banks .
“ But you will face court - martial , and so help you God if you are wrong .
Saying something is n’t constitutional is n’t going to fly . ”
A soldier like Charles Dyer , who in his July4 Patriot persona advocated armed resistance against the government , could risk charges of treason .
As a Marine sergeant based out of Camp Pendleton , Dyer posted videos to YouTube last year , his face half - covered with a skull bandana .
“ With the DHS blatantly calling patriots , veterans , and constitutionalists a threat , all that I have to say is , you ’re damn right we ’re a threat , ” he said in one .
“ We ’re a threat to anyone that endangers our rights and the Constitution of this republic …
We ’re gathering in defense of our way of life . ”
For a while , he ran a training compound in San Diego , teaching civilians his Marine combat skills .
Dyer , who with Rhodes ’ blessing represented Oath Keepers at an Oklahoma Tea Party rally on July 4 , was charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice with uttering “ disloyal ” statements .
He ultimately beat the charge , left the Marines , and reappeared unmasked on YouTube encouraging viewers to join him at his makeshift training area in Duncan , Oklahoma — ” I ’m sure the DHS will call it a terrorist training camp . ”
In January , Dyer was arrested on charges of raping a seven - year - old girl .
When sheriff ’s deputies raided his home , they found a Colt M - 203 grenade launcher believed to have been stolen from a California military base .
He now faces federal weapons charges and is being hailed by fringe militia groups like the American Resistance Movement as “ the first POW of the second American Revolution . ”
Shortly after I asked Rhodes about Dyer — before his arrest hit the news — his testimonial vanished from the group ’s website­ .
Rhodes once endorsed
Dyer in glowing terms , but now claims he was never a member because he has n’t paid dues .
Yet Dyer publicly referred to himself as an Oath Keeper , and Rhodes had previously insisted — to Lou Dobbs and anyone else who would listen — that you did n’t need to pay dues to be a member .
In an interview prior to Dyer ’s arrest , Andrew Sexton , another uniformed YouTube star who argues the need for armed resistance , criticized Dyer for making himself a target .
Sexton , an Army reservist who served in Afghanistan with US Special Operations Command , also keeps his Oath Keepers ties under the radar .
Most soldiers , he told me , do n’t talk openly about such things , but it ’s easy enough to tell which ones have been woken up .
The Department of Defense , Sexton added , will be shocked by the number of service members willing to turn against their commanders when the time comes .
“ It ’s an absolute reality , ” he says .
He views last April ’s DHS report on right - wing extremists as a “ preemptive attack because they know it ’s coming . ”
Rhodes is n’t calling for violence — indeed , he insists that his group is about laying down arms rather than turning them on citizens .
Yet when he writes that “ the oath is like kryptonite to tyrants , as the Founders intended .
The time has come for us to use it to its full effect , ” some followers take that as a call for drastic action .
Chip Berlet , of the watchdog group Political Research Associates , who has studied right - wing populist movements for 25 years , equates Rhodes ’ rhetoric to yelling fire in a crowded theater .
“ Promoting these conspiracy theories is very dangerous right now because there are people who will assume that a hero will stop at nothing . ”
What will happen , he adds , “ is not just disobeying orders but harming and killing . ”
Rhodes acknowledges that there are certain risks .
Freedom “ is not neat or tidy , ” he says .
“ It ’s messy . ”
For example , he concedes that “ there may be a downside ” to police refusing to engage during a riot situation .
“ Someone could be beaten or raped , but the potential risks involved are far less dangerous than having soldiers or police always do whatever they are told . ”
LEE PRAY thinks Rhodes downplays the threat Oath Keepers represents to a rogue administration .
“ They have to be careful because otherwise they will be labeled as terrorists , ” he says .
“ You have to read between the lines , but I wish they were more up - front with their members . ”
It ’s not hard to see the appeal of Oath Keepers for guys like Pray and Brandon , frustrated young men nervous about their future prospects .
They signed up to defend the greatest country in the world , only to be cast aside .
Even their injuries were suffered ingloriously .
Brandon ca n’t sit for long after being flung from a pickup truck ;
Pray now walks with a cane , possibly for good .
The men sincerely believe their country is headed for disaster , but as broken warriors they are powerless to do anything about it .
They have tried writing to Congress , signing petitions , and voting , all to no avail .
Oath Keepers offers a new sense of pride and comradeship — of being part of something momentous .
And when the time comes , Pray insists he is battle ready .
“ If the government continues to ignore us , and forces us to engage , ” Pray says , “ I ’m willing to fight to the death . ”
Brandon , for his part , is resigned about their odds fighting the US military .
“ If we take up arms , realistically we would lose , and they would label us as terrorists , ” he says .
Pray nods sadly in agreement .
But they ’ll take their chances .
They consider it their duty .
Protecting Yourself in the Wake of the Equifax Data Breach
[ Sanford 's weird press conference ]
Mark " Lover Boy " Sanford of South Carolina once called the stimulus " fiscal child abuse .
Now he 's flying to D.C. to beg for it .
South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford ( R ) waged a high - profile war against the economic stimulus package last spring , claiming that accepting the $ 700 million for which his state was eligible would lead to “ a thing called slavery . ”
Even as his state ’s unemployment rate climbed above the national average , Sanford maintained his partisan and politically motivated refusal to take the funds .
But yesterday , Sanford flew to Washington to demand $ 300 million in stimulus money for education , the State newspaper reports :
Sanford , who spent much of last year fighting parts of the Obama administration ’s stimulus plan , now wants S.C. to have a piece of $ 4 billion in “ Race to the Top ” education money . [...]
Sanford met with [ Secretary of Education Arne ]
Duncan to learn more about a charter school program Duncan started in Chicago , said Ben Fox , the governor ’s spokesman .
Sanford also took the trip to urge Duncan to support more charter school grants , Fox said . [...]
Sanford ’s trip — which did not appear on his official calendar — is especially hypocritical because the majority of stimulus money destined for South Carolina was to fund education and save thousands of teachers ’ jobs .
Yet , in March , Sanford told Fox News host Glenn Beck that taking the money would be akin to “ fiscal child abuse . ”
How to take better notes for travel writing
Take online courses in travel journalism and join a growing community of thousands of travel writers , photographers , and filmmakers at MatadorU .
Photo Austin Kleon
WITHOUT NOTES taken in the moment it can be hard to find the inspired words to describe your journey .
Notes jotted in the moment can be drawn upon later to revive a visceral sense of place .
Your notes can remind you of emotional and circumstantial elements that were relevant to your overall experience .
If taken well , they ’ll be the bridge back to the moments you wish to capture in your writing .
TAKE NOTES WITH YOUR 5 SENSES
Visual descriptors are good .
But remember to take notes with all of your senses .
What does the air smell like ?
What is that fainter smell carried on the wind ?
What does the scene sound like ?
When eating , how does it taste ?
What is the texture ?
Since good storytelling requires a balance of showing and telling , taking notes with your 5 senses will enrich your writing once you settle in from of your computer many weeks or months after the fact .
Any one of these senses can trigger a greater recollection when you finally sit down to write .
Remembering the smell of potent , teeth - staining coffee can bring the whole sidewalk cafe scene rushing back .
TAKE NOTES WITH YOUR EMOTIONS
Remembering how I felt , what frame of mind the circumstance put me it , is valuable information to have gathered when I sit down to write .
Whether your travel experience brings elation , nostalgia , terror , or triumph , it is important to take notes in the moment to catch that emotional subtext .
Those feelings can be the heart of your travel writing .
TAKE NOTES ON SPECIFICS
The name of your tour guide .
The guesthouse you stumble into at 3 am .
The name of the street where you were pickpocketed .
You do n’t have to be writing a city guide to relish in the specifics of your travel experience .
Taking notes on the little details gives depth and authenticity to your writing .
TAKE NOTES THAT ARE NOT NOTES
Photos , audio recordings , video…use whatever technology you have available to record your journey and supplement your note taking .
* Enroll at MatadorU today to learn all you need to know about freelance travel writing .
April 15 is Steal Something from Work Day .
GET READY !
Steal Something From Work Day STICKERS !
These classy black and red “ silent agitators ” are available for free or donation from Wild Nettle Distro , and will also be included free in orders from CrimethInc.
Far East .
They look great on a doorframe or coffee maker !
To get a big package of them for your community , email distro@wildnettle.com .
Steal Something From Work Day PHOTO CONTEST !
We ca n’t urge you to steal from your workplace–and you do n’t need our encouragement !
But we can urge you to take a pocketful of STEAL SOMETHING FROM WORK stickers and head to the nearest factory , office , housing development , shopping center , or school .
Keep your eyes open–and when you see a STEAL SOMETHING FROM WORK DAY sticker , take a photograph of it !
Email your photos to stealfromworkday@gmail.com and they ’ll go up in the gallery .
If you ’re the private sort , start a new email from a public - access computer to send your photos .
The person who sends the best photograph wins a gift package –to be mailed after April 15 , of course .
[ Sample photo here . ]
Steal Something From Work Day GOES VIRAL !
A new Facebook group is promoting STEAL SOMETHING FROM WORK DAY .
Invite everyone you can–let ’s dispel the stigma around reclaiming the product of our labor !
This is a great place to upload photos and video , and to promote the campaign in general .
Be sure to use common sense whenever using social mapping technologies like Facebook .
Steal Something From Work Day GOES INTERNATIONAL !
Thanks to capitalist globalization , it ’s never been easier to get exploited by some profiteering corporation–nor to steal from one !
Comrades as far away as Spain , Russia , and Bulgaria are getting ready for STEAL SOMETHING FROM WORK DAY .
Meanwhile , here in the US , employee theft is reclaiming $ 40 billion from corporate bloodsuckers annually , and increasing by 15 % per year .
Keep up the good work , America !
Male homosexuality does n't make complete sense from an evolutionary point of view .
It appears that the trait is heritable , but because homosexual men are much less likely to produce offspring than heterosexual men , should n't the genes for this trait have been extinguished long ago ?
What value could this sexual orientation have , that it has persisted for eons even without any discernible reproductive advantage ?
One possible explanation is what evolutionary psychologists call the " kin selection hypothesis . "
What that means is that homosexuality may convey an indirect benefit by enhancing the survival prospects of close relatives .
Specifically , the theory holds that homosexual men might enhance their own genetic prospects by being " helpers in the nest . "
By acting altruistically toward nieces and nephews , homosexual men would perpetuate the family genes , including some of their own .
Two evolutionary psychologists , Paul Vasey and Doug VanderLaan of the University of Lethbridge , Canada tested this idea for the past several years on the Pacific island of Samoa .
They chose Samoa because males who prefer men as sexual partners are widely recognized and accepted there as a distinct gender category -- called fa'afafine -- neither man nor woman .
The fa'afafine tend to be effeminate , and exclusively attracted to adult men as sexual partners .
This clear demarcation makes it easier to identify a sample for study .
Past research has shown that the fa'afafine are much more altruistically inclined toward their nieces and nephews than either Samoan women or heterosexual men .
They are willing to babysit a lot , tutor their nieces and nephews in art and music , and help out financially -- paying for medical care and education and so forth .
In a new study , the scientists set out to unravel the psychology of the fa'afafine , to see if their altruism is targeted specifically at kin rather than kids in general .
They recruited a large sample of fa'afafine , and comparable samples of women and heterosexual men .
They gave them all a series of questionnaires , measuring their willingness to help their nieces and nephews in various ways -- caretaking , gifts , teaching -- and also their willingness to do these things for other , unrelated kids .
The findings , reported on - line this week in the journal Psychological Science , lend strong support to the kin selection idea .
Compared to Samoan women and heterosexual men , the fa'afafine showed a much weaker link between their avuncular -- or uncle like -- behavior and their altruism toward kids generally .
This cognitive dissociation , the scientists argue , allows the fa'afafine to allocate their resources more efficiently and precisely to their kin -- and thus enhance their own evolutionary prospects .
To compensate for being childless , each fa'afafine would have to somehow support the survival of two additional nieces or nephews who would otherwise not have existed .
" If kin selection is the sole mechanism by which genes for male same - sex sexual attraction are maintained over time , " the fa'afafine must be " super uncles " to earn their evolutionary keep , explains Vasey .
Consequently , Vasey suggests " that the fa'afafine 's avuncularity probably contributes to the evolutionary survival of genes for male same - sex sexual attraction , but is unlikely to entirely offset the costs of not reproducing . "
Do these findings have any meaning outside of Samoa ?
Yes and no .
Samoan culture is very different from most Western cultures .
Samoan culture is very localized , and centered on tight - knit extended families , whereas Western societies tend to be highly individualistic and homophobic .
Families are also much more geographically dispersed in Western cultures , diminishing the role that bachelor uncles can play in the extended family , even if they choose to .
But in this sense , the researchers say , Samoa 's communitarian culture may be more -- not less -- representative of the environment in which male same - sex sexuality evolved eons ago .
In that sense , it 's not the bachelor uncle who is poorly adapted to the world , but rather the modern Western world that has evolved into an unwelcoming place .
The Government is considering increasing GST to as high as 15 percent as part of planned changes to the tax system , Prime Minister John Key has confirmed .
In a statement to Parliament , Mr Key said a ' ' modest increase ' ' in GST - presently 12.5 per cent - '' to no more than 15 per cent ' ' was being investigated , but more work would be done before any decisions were made .
Any increase would have to be accompanied by across - the - board reductions in personal tax rates and ' ' upfront increases ' ' in benefits , pensions and Working For Families payments to compensate for higher prices , posing a difficult balancing act .
'' Suffice to say , the Government would not embark on a policy of increasing GST unless it would benefit the New Zealand economy in the long term and unless it saw the vast bulk of New Zealanders better off . ''
Mr Key said the total tax changes being considered amounted to a $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion package .
It is the first time Mr Key has confirmed the Government is actively considering an increase in GST , a central recommendation of the tax working group set up to find ways to rebalance the tax system .
He left open the question of whether any change to GST - along with lower personal rates - would be announced in the May Budget , but confirmed there would be changes to the way property is taxed .
However , he ruled out a land tax , a capital gains tax and a tax that would set a flat rate on the value of equity in investment properties .
He said a land tax would fall only on people who held their wealth in a particular form and would cause financial strife for those on low incomes .
A capital gains tax would extend the tax net , but make the tax system '' more complex to adminitser and comply with '' , while a flat tax on equity - known as the risk - free return method - would hit tenants with higher rents .
Mr Key did not specify what property tax changes would be in the Budget , but his statement was notable for not ruling out ending tax breaks available through depreciation .
The tax working group said that would give the Government an extra $ 1.6 billion a year .
Mr Key also left open the prospect of ending the ability of investors to write off losses on property against other income .
Increasing GST to 15 per cent would bring in an extra $ 1.9 billion , once automatic adjustments to benefits and superannuation payments are factored in .
Mr Key 's statement to Parliament - in which the prime minister maps out the Government 's main priorities for the year ahead - focused heavily on efforts to rebuild the economy after the worst downturn since the Great Depression .
He said rebalancing the tax system was a major plank .
" We have a tax system that taxes labour and investment income at relatively high rates , taxes consumption at a relatively low rate , and generally gives money back to people when they invest in residential property . ''
Other areas of focus included : improving public services ; supporting research and development , innovation and trade ; better regulation , including around the use of natural resources ; infrastructure investment ; and boosting education and skills .
He warned that the public sector faced a continued financial squeeze , with " most agencies " getting no additional funding for " several years " .
They would be forced to reorganise their backroom functions to move services to the front line , making greater use of technology and sharing services with other agencies .
" We are keeping a tight lid on new spending over the foreseeable future , which will enable us to get the budget back into surplus and keep public debt under control . "
Mr Key said changes would be made to the way crown research institutes were funded , but did not provide details .
However , he said the CRIs could be ' more powerful engines of growth ' and changes would include getting more of their research and knowledge into companies .
He also mapped out an extensive agenda in the area of free trade negotiations , with deals with Hong Kong and a collection of states in the Persian Gulf due to be signed this year .
Negotiations with the United States , which wants a broad Asia - Pacific free trade zone based on the existing Trans - Pacific Partnership - which includes New Zealand - would be the most important focus , but proposed agreements with South Korea and India were also likely to progress .
Plans to increase work test measures for beneficiaries - a centrepiece National welfare policy at the last election - would also be significantly progressed , as would reforms to the education sector .
A proposal to allow mineral mining on Conservation Department land that is presently locked out was expected in the near future .
The Government would also pass tougher law and order provisions , including the ' three strikes ' policy that would see violent criminals locked up for the maximum jail time for their third or subsequent offence .
Brisbane 's CBD has experienced its heaviest rainfall in nine years , with 80 millimetres recorded in just 50 minutes .
The downpour caused lengthy transport delays , with flash flooding hitting a range of suburbs , including Woolloongabba , Paddington and Windsor .
Milton appears the worst hit , with reports of cars washing down the road .
Tens of thousands of homes were without power this afternoon , as electricity provider Energex works to restore services to more than 60,000 homes and businesses .
-------------------------------------------
Check your local weather forecast
-------------------------------------------
Weatherzone meteorologist Brett Dutschke said the 80 millimetres that fell in the CBD between 11.40 am and 12.30 pm was the heaviest since March 2001 , when 138 millimetres fell during a 24 hour period .
" [ Today 's rainfall ] included 25 millimetres in just 10 minutes , " he said .
" Further storms are likely to develop this afternoon , but the main storm area will move to the north of the city .
" The storms are very slow moving , which is why the rain is so heavy , apart from a totally saturated atmosphere - it 's about as moist as the atmosphere gets . "
Mr Dutschke said the storms were likely to continue throughout the afternoon until a southeasterly change took hold later in the evening .
The guys are up there at the moment , belly - button deep
" These storms have the potential to bring 50 to 150 millimetres , " he said .
Transport woes
The wild weather shut down rail lines and passengers were told to expect long delays .
Buses are operating between Dutton Park and Moorooka and 90 - minute delays are expected , Translink says .
Passengers on the Gold Coast and Beenleigh lines can expect delays of up to 45 minutes , while passengers on the Caboolture and Nambour lines between Burpengary and Caboolture stations can expect delays of up 30 - 45 minutes due to a signalling fault .
Signalling problems caused by the storm have affected passengers on other lines across the rail network , with delays of up to 30 minutes on average as services return to normal .
Rail and bus passengers across the commuter network have also been warned to expect delays of up to 45 minutes as services return to normal following heavy rain that caused flash flooding in parts of Brisbane .
A large lake has formed on the corner of Vulture Street and Main Street , Woolloongabba , according to 4BC Radio .
Workers at the Mobil service station on the corner of Vulture and Wellington streets , were rushing to move cartons from its storeroom which had been inundated by flooding .
Mechanic Dave
Thwaites said several cars had taken on water and nearby roads , including Vulture Street , were closed .
" At the moment [ the height of the water is ] probably two and a half feet , " he said .
" The guys are up there at the moment , belly - button deep . "
One New Farm resident has said the water " was up to your shins " at Merthyr Road .
Queensland Public Sector Union staff were forced to evacuate their South Brisbane office on Peel Street after " massive leaks " appeared in the ceiling .
" It 's pretty wet in there ... I do n't really know if it 's going to be possible to go back in , so we 're just hanging around at the moment and I 'm sure we 'll be working properly by the end of tomorrow , " QPSU media officer Chris O'Regan told brisbanetimes.com.au .
Emergency Management Queensland acting deputy chief officer Wayne Coutts warned against people venturing into flooded areas .
" Residents should take extra care in the current conditions , " he said .
" Emergency services personnel attended a number of incidents relating to flash flooding last night in Toowoomba and similar conditions are expected across south east Queensland today .
" People in affected areas can avoid being stranded by not walking through , playing in or attempting to drive through flood waters . "
Victor Mace , owner of an art gallery on Douglas Street in Milton , nervously watched the floodwaters rise within a metre of his front door this afternoon .
Two small cars parked on Douglas Street were washed onto the footpath at the height of the downpour , while three others were inundated by floodwaters .
" It just came up so quickly .
It would have taken no more than 20 minutes .
I was very nervous - I have paintings on the floor .
It would have taken me longer than five minutes to move them , " Mr Mace said .
Mr Mace began shovelling debris from the blocked storm water drain outside his gallery as soon as the water had receded .
Robert Wimmer , 26 , of Le Mans Motors in Douglas Street was relieved to find only one car damaged by floodwaters .
" Usually we have more cars parked on the street , so we were lucky today that we only had one .
I went to take the Jag for a test drive , but I could n't even get in it , " Mr Wimmer said .
He said drivers had continued to speed through the floodwaters washing cars onto the footpath in their wake .
" The wake from the cars driving past just kept pushing the cars onto the footpath - they did n't care , they just kept driving . "
In a repeat of last night 's spectacular light show , about 1500 lightning strikes have been recorded over Brisbane and the south - east since this morning , with a power pole on Ipswich Road at Moorooka suffering a direct hit .
The strike has left about 580 homes without power in the suburb .
A further 1300 are without electricity in Cannon Hill .
Last night about 5000 lightning strikes were recorded between 5 pm and 9 pm , according to energy provider Energex .
But while the skies were lit up for four hours , the rain was brief , with most areas experiencing flash flooding .
About 8 pm , Brisbane was drenched in a downpour that lasted just 10 minutes but brought up to 16 millimetres in some areas , Weatherzone says .
The worst of the storm was felt west of the city .
Ipswich recorded 100 millimetres overnight , causing the temperature to drop six degrees to 25 degrees in just five minutes , Weatherzone forecaster Sam Terry said .
" It 's pretty amazing , '' Mr Terry said .
Areas north of the Brisbane CBD recorded only up to 5 millimetres of rain , while areas south received 15 to 40 millimetres , he said .
" ( There was ) 5 millimetres in 10 minutes in Brisbane itself , so that was flash flooding but not quite as bad as out at Ipswich , " Mr Terry said .
Winds reached up to 70 k mh but failed to put a dent in the stifling humidity , which remained above 90 per cent overnight .
Mr Terry said South - East Queensland could expect a repeat of the storms this afternoon or this evening .
More than 20,000 homes were out of power yesterday afternoon , with demand for electricity reaching peak .
Loading Energex is bracing for further outages again today and is urging residents to to keep their airconditioners at 24 degrees to help minimise the power drain on the grid .
" We 're expecting more storms [ so ] we 've got crews on standby to respond to that , " an Energex spokesman said .
Force India say their VJM03 is a development of last year ’s car .
They hope will be just as strong on high - and medium - downforce tracks as the VJM02 was on low - downforce circuits .
Have a look at how the two cars compare with these side - by - side comparisons .
Front
The above image is scaled approximately and the angles are slightly different , so beware of using it to draw any conclusions about differences in dimensions .
But it shows up some of the key differences between the VJM03 and its predecessor very clearly , particularly the wider , R29 - style nose on the new car and the much smaller sidepod apertures .
The more sophisticated front wing is similar to the version introduced in the second half of last year by the team , which contributed to their step forward in pace at tracks like Spa and Monza .
Side
In the above image the picture of last year ’s car has been flipped for ease of comparison .
The images have been scaled so the rear tyre diameters match .
As with most of the other 2010 cars , it ’s clear to see the increase in wheelbase length .
What we also see on the VJM03 is much simpler sidepods and a McLaren - style undercut air intake plus a ‘ shark fin’ .
Have a look at Craig Scarborough ’s post for more on the VJM03 .
Force India VJM03 launch
The call by Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez for discussion of the formation of a " Fifth International " has generated a lot of debate amongst the left around the world .
As an addendum to the " Caracas Commitment " of November 2009 , a resolution was passed to form a preparatory committee to convene a global conference of left parties in Caracas in April 2010 to discuss the formation of a new international .
The call has raised a lot of issues with respect to the form such an organisation might take at this time , its political nature , its mechanisms of association and its program .
The discussion has ranged widely : outright scepticism and even hostility ; demands for a program that is much clearer and sharper in political commitments ; suggestions for an open process much like the World Social Forum with a somewhat stronger agenda - setting role ; and visions of a more permanent international " front " capable of advancing global social justice and anti-imperialist struggles .
The statement below , from The Bullet , is by the Canadian organisation Socialist Project on the dialogue about a new international organisation of the left .
By Socialist Project ( Canada )
February 15 , 2010 -- On November 20 , 2009 , at a meeting of more than fifty left organisations from thirty - one countries , in Caracas , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez called for formation of an international association of left parties and social movements to confront the challenge posed by capitalism ’s global crisis .
Chávez called for a conference that would be not “ just one more meeting ” but a “ socialist encounter ” of the “ genuine left , willing to fight against imperialism and capitalism ” .
Many socialists and anti-imperialist activists throughout the world have responded positively to the appeal and recognise it as a significant response to the recent escalation of imperialist wars and interventions around the world , notably in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen and Latin America .
They also have pointed out that the Caracas appeal also comes as the global working classes – and the planetary ecology – suffer the consequences of the worst economic crises since the 1930s .
This initiative quickly won the support of major Latin American left parties , including the Movement Toward Socialism ( MAS ) of Bolivia , the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front ( FMLN ) of El Salvador , the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) of Nicaragua and Alianza Pais of Ecuador .
Socialist Project greets this initiative for more effective international unity of anti-capitalist and liberation forces , and pledges our solidarity and collaboration in efforts to achieve this goal .
It is in the spirit of our founding statement that “ our political commitments are necessarily internationalist ” .
We view this project as reflecting the unifying spirit of Venezuela ’s Bolivarian Revolution , which has brought together forces from diverse political origins , with diverse ideological viewpoints and diverse proposals , into a common movement striving to serve the interests of the popular movement .
The initial supporters of the Caracas call for an international organisation of left parties reflect a similar diversity and a similar striving for unity in action .
Such an effort was demonstrated recently in the international campaign against the coup in Honduras .
In Canada , too , we witness a growing process of trying to build unity in diversity among left and working - class forces .
We encourage socialist activists in Canada to engage in this spirit with the project launched at the November 2009 conference in Caracas as part of the pressing struggle for a “ socialism of the 21st century . ”
January 28 , 2010 - The Administrator
Firstly , as should come as no surprise to anyone , it is my sad duty to reprimand the various con artists and charlatans in our community who insist on making a mockery of the hard work of others by cheating to win .
The following is a list of the top twenty kill counts of the recent Demo / Soldier competition :
Now , I have no actual proof that these men cheated .
Lucky for me , then , that I am still in possession of basic common bloody sense .
The top Soldier , for example , would have had to kill a Demoman every 2.5 seconds for a week straight , somehow circumventing respawn timers or the need to actually traverse across a map , without once pausing to sleep or go to the bathroom .
In other words , he is either cheating , or he is a hallucinating sleep - deprived psychotic with severe constipation and unerringly good aim .
In either event , I am confident he is ashamed of himself .
In less disheartening news , the goldbricking simpletons calling themselves the TF2 team around here have apparently paused long enough from picking chiggers out of one another 's hair to select a number of Propaganda Contest runners - up from the 11,000 - odd entries we received late last year , the results of which will be posted here soon .
I must grudgingly admit an astonishing amount of talent on display .
I hasten to add , however , that I find it astonishing only because , in observing how you comport yourselves in - game , on the forums , and presumably in your day - to - day lives , one would be forgiven for assuming you bereft of the cognitive skills needed to operate a mailbox .
At any rate , congratulations :
You are all excellent artists .
Perhaps you could draw a picture of me giving a damn , so I 'd know what that looked like .
Lastly , I would like to remind those of you writing in with questions concerning a supposed past relationship between myself and one Mister Saxton Hale : A lady never tells , and a gentleman never asks .
More pertinently , an Administrator never forgets .
Or forgives .
Or relents .
The Nosy Parkers among you would do well to remember that the next time you decide to paw through my confidential affairs like junkyard dogs .
You have found this instructive ,
The Administrator
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration has inserted language into the federal jobs
Web site explicitly banning employment discrimination based on gender identity .
The protection is expected to apply to the small transgender population  people who identify their gender differently from the information on their birth certificates  and it merely formalizes what had been increasingly unchallenged government practice over several years .
But civil liberties and gender rights groups welcomed it on Tuesday as the clearest statement yet by the Obama administration that such discrimination in the federal workplace would not be accepted .
Mara Keisling , executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality , said , “ The largest employer in the country is doing what all the other large employers in the country are doing , so that ’s really great news . ”
Read more on AAPL at Is the world going to go gaga for yet another Apple device ?
Next week , Apple is expected to unveil a multimedia device that analysts speculate will be a cross between the Apple iPhone and the Amazon Kindle e-book reader .
Blogs most often refer to the device as the " iSlate . "
And it is described by analysts as smaller than a laptop , bigger than a netbook and able to access Internet content from anywhere .
Apple ( AAPL ) wo n't comment , and it wo n't disclose exactly what it has in mind until Jan. 27 , when it stages a press event to unveil the product in San Francisco .
But technology analysts — who have not been briefed by Apple — envision it as a souped up e-Reader , the next - generation Kindle .
" If you took a Kindle and enriched it , what would you do ? " asks Phil Leigh , an analyst at Inside Digital Media .
" You 'd put in color and Web browsing , and open it up to other forms of media .
That 's what Apple is going to do . "
Gene Munster , an analyst at Piper Jaffray , says Apple will be offering e-books from book publishers , magazines and newspapers , and movies and TV shows .
It 's also expected to introduce a form of music subscription , making use of Lala.com , the music discovery site it recently purchased .
With iTunes software , iPod and the iPhone , the company has amassed some 100 million iTunes accounts , says Munster , and will use iTunes to run the media on the new device .
" It 's Apple 's secret weapon , " he adds .
It will be a challenge for Apple to convince consumers they need an iSlate in their life , predicts Roger Kay , an analyst at Endpoint Technologies .
For the iPhone , " There was a crying need for a great multimedia smartphone , " he says .
" I 'm not so sure that exists for the iSlate . "
Kay expects the device to sell for $ 800 to $ 1,000 , an expensive purchase for a target audience of teen and young adult users .
" It 's a rich price tag , " he says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Already have an Internet2 SiteID ?
Sign in here .
INNOVATE
Explore the I2 Online video series to virtually collaborate , learn more about the latest community issues , and view the library of webinar recordings .
Here 's another relevant exhibit , Exhibit 2151 [ PDF ] from the collection of exhibits in the Comes v. Microsoft case , an email from Bill Gates , the subject was " Shell plans - iShellBrowser " , dated October 3 , 1994 , to Bill Bass , Bob Muglia et al .
In connection with iShellBrowswer , Gates writes : I have decided that we should not publish these extensions .
We should wait until we have a way to do a high level of integration that will be harder for the likes of Notes , Wordperfect to achieve , and which will give Office a real advantage .
This means that Capone and Marvel can still live in the top level of the Explorer namespace , but will run separately .
We can continue to use the iShellBrowser APIs for MS provided views such as control panel , and can use them for other MS - provided views that do n't create a large compatibility or ISV issue ....
Having the Office team really think through the information intensive scenarios , and be a demanding client of systems is absolutely critical to our future success .
We can't compete with Lotus and Wordperfect / Novell without this .
Our goal is to have Office ' 96 sell better because of the shell integration work , and to have the Ren / Office effort yield technology that can be an integral part of the shell in Windows ' 97 .
There you are .
X marks the spot .
The email is in an odd , hard - to - read font , so if anyone knows the names are wrong , please let me know .
We aim to get it right .
I have not corrected any typos .
We are working to complete our Comes exhibit collection so you can help us make it more easily searchable , and we also have all the exhibits that were posted in the Minnesota antitrust case against Microsoft , Gordon v. Microsoft and we 'll be including them .
This exhibit is from that collection , actually .
You can view it here , from our Gordon v. Microsoft permanent page we are working on again , and if you click on the graphic , it will get bigger .
Click again and it gets small .
So if I 'm quieter than usual for a bit , that will be why .
I wanted to mention that it was an anonymous commenter who found this .
Sometimes people tell me not to allow anonymous comments , but this is why I never agree .
You might find it interesting to compare this memo with Bill Gates ' July 20 , 1995 letter to Novell 's Robert Frankenberg , Microsoft 's Exhibit 15 [ PDF ] in its collection attached to its Cross Motion for Summary Judgment .
It 's a hoot .
Frankenberg had complained about undocumented calls , and Gates writes that both the FTC and the DOJ has " thoroughly investigated " the allegations and found them to be " not provable " .
That was then .
This is now .
Here 's my favorite part of the letter :
In fact , Microsoft goes out of its way to make early copies of API and protocol specifications available , hold design reviews ( that even our competitors attend ) , and run the largest beta test programs in the industry .
Novell has been invited to participate in many of these " Open Process " events -- and all without requiring a tit - for - tat arrangement .
Update : Another exhibit shows a response from Brad Silverberg and Tom Evslin to this email from Bill Gates on " Shell plans - iShellBrowser " .
I will put it above the original Gates message , so you can read it as it appears in the exhibit , Exhibit 5673 [ PDF ] .
The TO line differs , in that the version in Exhibit 5673 lists the recipients by email nym , not full names , whereas the Gates email lists them by name .
The responses emails are from the DOJ collection ; the other from the Gordon v. Microsoft antitrust exhibit collection and later also used in the Comes litigation .
The email is identical , so it 's just because the replies are from Silverberg , at the top of the thread , who set his view preferences differently than Gates , I would assume .
The Silverberg and Evslin replies : DOJ - Legal _____________________________
From : Brad Silverberg
To : Tom Evslin ; Bill Gates
Cc : Russ Siegelman ; Jim Allchin ; ( jimall ) ; Paul Maritz ( paulms )
Subject : Monday , October 03 1994 6:42 PM
I will jump in - yes we have to take them out of marvel and capone too .
There no one in the world outside of Microsoft who will buy the argument that they are " part of Chicago " so get the interfaces while others do n't .
This is an impossible sale .
From : Tom Evslin
To : Bill Gates
Cc : Brad Silverberg ; Russ Siegelman ; Jim Allchin ; ( jimall ) ; Paul Maritz ( paulma )
Subject : RE : Shell plans - iShellBrowser
Date : Monday , October 03 , 1994 6:04 PM
I understand the decision not to publish the interfaces so so n't argue with that .
Is it also necessary , hower , to prohibit Capone and Marvel from using them ?
These are part of the Chicago shell ( or can be positioned that way ) so is there a reason why they can't be use unpublished interfaces for " internal " extensions of the shell .
[ Bill Gates email quoted in full ]
***********************
PLAINTIFF'S
EXHIBIT
2151
Comes v. Microsoft From : Erik Gavriluk ( erikgav )
Sent : Monday , October 03 , 1994 6:35 PM
To : Mack McCauley ; Mark Malamud ; Nat Brown ; Tony Williams
Subject : FW : Shell plans - iShellBrowser _______________
From : Bill Gates
To : Bill Bass ; Bob Muglia ; Brad Silverberg ; Brad Struss ; Brian MacDonald ; Chris Guzak ; Chris Peters ; Darryl Rubin ; Doug Henrich ; Erik Gavriluk ; Jim Allchin ; Joe Belfiore ; Kurt Eckhardt ; Leif Pederson ; Mike Koss ; Paul Maritz ; Russell Siegelman ; Satoshi Nakajima ; Steve Madigan ; Tom Evslin
Cc : Brian Fleming
Subject : Shell plans - iShellBrowser
Date : Monday , October 3 , 1994 5:18 PM
Its time for a decision on iShellBrowser .
This is a tough decision .
The Chicago team has done some great work in developing a user interface that will be a big step forward for millions of people .
The explorer is an important part of this because it provides a neat paradigm for finding interesting information .
The shell group did a good job defining extensibility interfaces .
It is also very late in the day to making changes to Chicago and Capone .
It is hard to know how much actual market benefit iShellBrowser integration would bring .
I believe Chicago will be very successful either way .
Unfortunately I do n't think the integration will have a marked effect in terms of Capone competing with cc : Mail , so that battle will have to be won on other grounds .
This is not to say that there was anything wrong with the extensions - on the contrary they are a very nice piece of work .
On the other hand , we are in a real struggle vs. Notes and the Office / REN team needs to move as quickly as they can to deliver really rich , unified views of information and to provide and exploit storage unification as systems makes that possible , and we need as clear as path as possible to allow them to do that .
The Ren team has a lot of challenges and compatibility would be an extra effort for them of at least 5 men years .
If we felt we could expand this team easily to help Office , beat Notes , be a source of future shell technology and be compatible then I would say the extensions are ok .
However the Ren team will find it tough to deliver on all of these even without compatibility .
I have decided that we should not publish these extensions .
We should wait until we have a way to do a high level of integration that will be harder for the likes of Notes , Wordperfect to achieve , and which will give Office a real advantage .
This means that Capone and Marvel can still live in the top level of the Explorer namespace , but will run separately .
We can continue to use the iShellBrowser APIs for MS provided views such as control panel , and can use them for other MS - provided views that do n't create a large compatibility or ISV issue .
I would also like to add a few words about the recent Shell re-organization .
We have done from three centers of UI innovation to two .
There is a lot of pain in doing this .
All 3 groups were doing excellent work and I hope the Cairo shell and Ren can come together to provide the best of both .
I think there will be real benefits to be reaped .
Having the Office team really think through the information intensive scenarios , and be a demanding client of systems is absolutely critical to our future success .
We can't compete with Lotus and Wordperfect / Novell without this .
Our goal is to have Office ' 96 sell better because of the shell integration work , and to have the Ren / Office effort yield technology that can be an integral part of the shell in Windows ' 97 .
I look forward to the Office team getting excited about using Component Forms , OLE automation , OFS , etc. in the future - and pushing systems much harder than before .
The Personal Systems team has many challenges ahead of it - they need to remain focussed on overall systems ease of use , and on being the conscience of the individual / home user - on thinking through integration of new opportunities opened by the Internet , by CD - ROM titles , etc .
This means that we are going to have to work together and deal with tensions as they arise , but we can't give up on either market , and there is a huge amount of creative work to be done .
We need to allow for innovation in both Office and Windows , even if this makes the line between them hard to draw .
Gates
DEPOSITION
EXHIBIT
30 MS - PCA 1399798
CONFIDENTIAL
Woman who cried rape after sex in public toilet walks free from court
A woman who accused a student of rape after dragging him into a public toilet for sex was spared jail yesterday .
Bisexual Sarah - Jane Hilliard , 20 , seduced Grant Bowers when the two bumped into each other during a night out clubbing .
Yesterday Mr Bowers , also 20 , attacked the ' ridiculous ' sentence after Hilliard received 12 months in jail , suspended for two years .
She had denied perverting the course of justice .
Sarah - Jane Hilliard , pictured last summer , claimed she 'd been raped after a night out but a jury found her guilty of perverting the course of justice .
Today she was given a 12 - month jail sentence suspended for two years Just over a week after making the allegations , Hiliard contacted the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority , hoping to be awarded up to £ 7,500
Student Grant Bowers had to wait a week before police told him he would n't be charged with rape
Mr Bowers - who says he is now afraid to speak to women - said : ' It 's absolutely ridiculous .
That 's not even a slap on the wrist .
She 's been let off and I 'm still having to sneak around because there are still people after me who think I did it .'
It was more than a week after his arrest that Mr Bowers discovered he was not to be charged .
But during that time Hilliard , who was in a relationship with a woman , contacted the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board in the hope of claiming up to £ 7,500 .
Mr Bowers 's father Tony , 48 , said : ' My son was facing up to ten years in prison for rape on the strength of her lies .
The least I expected was for her to have been given a prison sentence .
' My son is the victim and he has lost his freedom yet she has still got hers . '
Hilliard , from Basildon in Essex , told police she bumped into Mr Bowers at a nightclub called Liquid in the town in July 2008 .
She claimed to have shared a taxi with him before stopping at the railway station to use the toilet .
The telephone sales worker , who had been drinking , said she went into a cubicle and the next thing she remembered was waking to her underwear and trousers around her ankles .
She claimed to have realised she had been raped only when Mr Bowers sent her a text the following day in which he mentioned they had ' gone all the way ' .
Hilliard 's lie began to unravel when police were unable to find CCTV footage of the pair leaving the club .
A friend admitted they had been at another nightclub called Colors and detectives found CCTV evidence of Hilliard and Mr Bowers , who was 19 at the time , kissing and holding hands .
Hiliard and Mr Bowers had sex in a toilet cubicle at Basildon station .
She told him he ' better be there for the baby ' if she fell pregnant
Hilliard was convicted in May last year after Mr Bowers told a jury at Basildon Crown Court he had walked to the station with her and she pulled him into a cubicle for unprotected sex .
Afterwards she warned he had ' better be there for the baby ' if she became pregnant .
Her sentencing was delayed for psychiatric reports and yesterday Judge Christopher Mitchell ordered Hilliard to carry out 300 hours of unpaid work and pay £ 2,000 costs .
After hearing she had ' deeply personal issues ' including suffering abuse from a relative , he said : ' False allegations of rape have a terrible knock - on effect . '
Jacqueline Carey , defending , revealed that since her conviction Hilliard had been assaulted by two men , had the word ' bitch ' scratched on to her car and lost her partner and friends .
Last year a GP was spared jail by Judge Mitchell despite smacking female patients ' bottoms and grilling them about their sex lives .
Married Rajinder Aggarwal , 54 , was instead ordered to pay £ 3,000 and do 80 hours of unpaid work .
It 's Time Pressure Rises to End State 's Monopoly on Liquor Stores
Like a slice of East Berlin .
Kelly O
Shopping for hard alcohol in Washington 's state - run liquor stores is a sanitized form of fun : the same brands and prices ; bottles uniformly lining every shelf , their colorful labels muted by sad colorless walls and state employees in sad colorless uniforms .
It feels less like stocking up for a party and more like asking for a government ration .
Which is the point : The Washington State Liquor Control Board ( WSLCB ) was established in 1933 , right after prohibition was repealed , for the dual mission of promoting public safety and generating state revenue through liquor sales .
But critics argue the government 's monopoly on liquor stores is failing on both fronts .
Those critics , including lawmakers in Olympia and bar owners across the state , say Washington residents should enjoy the luxury of buying tequila in the same store they buy chips and salsa — like in California and 15 other states .
" The bottom line is , the system is n't working , " says state senator Tim Sheldon ( D - 35 ) .
Sheldon thinks the state should get out of the retail business , calling the existing model inefficient .
He 's not alone .
As the state struggles to shore up a $ 2.6 billion budget shortfall , more lawmakers and taxpayers are considering creative ways to increase state revenue .
Indeed , the leading argument for getting the state out of the business largely comes down to money :
In 2009 , the state made $ 332.7 million in revenue from liquor sales ; some estimates show privatization could increase that by $ 100 million annually .
More conservatively , the state auditor reported in November the state could net $ 277 million more profit over five years by privatizing liquor sales .
Opponents , including the liquor board , argue that the revenue projections do n't take into account the extra enforcement required for more stores and that loosening liquor laws will drive more kids to drink hard alcohol .
But to illustrate the inefficiency of the current system , Sheldon points out that the state - run distribution center in Seattle handles 15,000 to 20,000 cases of liquor a day .
" That 's it , " he says .
But a private liquor - ­distribution center located in Renton that serves all of Alaska , which has roughly the same population as Seattle , handles more than three times that quantity with fewer employees , he says .
Washington is one of only nine states still controlling all hard - liquor retail through a state - run monopoly .
Under a bill Sheldon sponsored this year ( SB 6204 ) , Washington would follow the West Virginia model of auctioning off liquor - ­store licenses to the highest bidder — netting anywhere from $ 119,000 to $ 1.5 million per store in Washington , he says .
Another bill ( SB 6840 ) , sponsored by Senator Rodney Tom ( D - 48 ) , follows the full privatization model of California .
Tom says he estimates it would bring in " over $ 100 million in additional retailer revenue " per year .
The WSLCB dismisses both of these benefits , saying that if the state sold licenses , it would receive a $ 200 million bonanza for the initial contracts and then see very little revenue until they were reissued .
Rick Garza , deputy administrative director of the WSLCB , speculates that Washington could see the number of retail outlets jump .
" I do n't think the public would tolerate a store on every corner , " says Garza .
Sheldon does n't buy this argument :
The liquor board is " gleeful to talk up hysteria about how privatization will mean a liquor store on every block , but it would be up to the liquor board to work with cities and counties for setting rules for where licenses would be granted . "
He says that in Seattle , this would mean added convenience — not liquor stores next to Boys & Girls Clubs .
The state justifies the institutional stores as safeguards that protect kids from liquor .
Garza notes that the underage youth generally fail at buying liquor from state employees 95 percent of the time .
" In the private sector , it 's between 76 and 84 percent , " he says .
Jim Cooper , vice president of the Washington Association for Substance Abuse and Violence Prevention , says that a survey of Washington youth shows 60 percent of 12th graders used alcohol in the last 30 days .
" There 's a direct correlation between better access to alcohol and youth drinking , " he says .
But national evidence suggests that 's not true .
A 2006 study from the federal Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration shows that Washington 's youth have a 5 percent higher rate of alcohol use and binge drinking than their counterparts in California , which has some of the most lax controls on alcohol retailing in the country .
And the system here is onerous :
All liquor in the state , of every brand and volume , is chosen by the control board and then shipped to a state - run distribution center in Seattle .
From this distribution center , cases are trucked to the 315 state - run stores across Washington — 161 of which are mom-and - pop contract stores operating in rural areas and the others completely staffed by state employees .
" The goal of the liquor board is n't to sell alcohol , even though that 's their job , " said one of several bar owners who refused to give their names .
" Their goal is to do everything in their power to discourage the sale of alcohol . "
Every business with a liquor license is assigned one liquor store from which it can buy products , according to existing regulations .
That store is the only store guaranteed to do business with them ( other stores are allowed to refuse them service and sometimes do ) .
Which means that if a store is out of the gin a business wants , that business is shit - out - of - luck .
" It 's frustrating waiting months for a special order I know is sitting in a warehouse less than five miles from my bar , " another bar owner said .
Enforcement is another point of contention among bars and the WSLCB .
The state bans liquor advertising , such as neon signs or even coasters with logos for hard alcohol .
Current rules prohibit bands from drinking onstage while playing venues .
Theaters are reprimanded for allowing people to drink in venues that are too dark , forcing the public to drink in lighted hallways instead .
Senator Sheldon says , " This monopoly has the same bullying tendencies as others , but they hide behind [ the idea that ] they are the protector of children , the promoter of what 's right and good in America . "
For its part , the liquor board insists it 's open to new modes of operation , as long as they 're cost - efficient and safe .
On February 17 , the board testifies to that effect at a hearing on a bill ( HB 2846 ) sponsored by state representative Gary Alexander ( R - 20 ) .
The bill would open up liquor stores to private contract bids while closing some state - run stores , much like a pilot project for privatization .
" We 're not against change as long as it's safe and effective , " says Garza .
" Our position is , let 's try it and see . "
Goldman Sachs , the giant investment bank , is today at the centre of the row over the Greek government 's finances , amid recriminations over complex financial deals that allowed the eurozone nation to skirt its debt limits .
With European finance ministers meeting in Brussels today and tomorrow to discuss ways to prevent a debt crisis threatening the eurozone as a whole , a spotlight has been shone on techniques used by Greece and other indebted countries to give the appearance of lower budget deficits and debt levels .
The euro membership rules place strict caps on the size of government deficits relative to a national economy , but Goldman Sachs and other banks helped Greece raise cash earlier in the decade in ways that did not appear in the official statistics .
With the current recession causing even official budget deficits to balloon all across the continent , fears of further hidden liabilities have been contributing to the crisis of confidence in Greek debt and pulling down the value of the euro .
Goldman Sachs has been the most important of more than a dozen banks used by the Greek government to manage its national debt using derivatives .
The bank 's traders created a number of financial deals that allowed the country to raise money to cut its budget deficit now , in return for repayments over time or at a later date .
In one deal , Goldman channelled $ 1bn of funding to the government in 2002 , in a transaction called a cross-currency swap .
There is no suggestion of any wrong - doing by Goldman Sachs .
Such deals are an expensive way of raising money , but they have the advantage of not having to be accounted for as debt .
The eurozone rules dictate that governments must keep a country 's deficit below 3 pc of its Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and must take on total debt of no more than 60 pc of GDP – rules that Greece did not keep to , even during the economic boom .
Goldman Sachs , the world 's most powerful investment bank , is already under intense scrutiny in the ongoing controversy over banking practices , pay and profits .
President Barack Obama last month launched an assault on Wall Street , proposing to cap the size of the biggest US banks and clamp down on their trading activities .
On the same day , Goldman began distributing nearly € 11.5 bn in pay and bonuses to its staff for their 2009 performance , just a year after the financial system was bailed out by governments .
Reflecting the importance of the Greek government as a client , and the scale of the fees to be generated from derivatives deals , Goldman sent Gary Cohn , who as chief operating officer is second - in - command of the global group , to Athens last November to pitch for new business with the debt management office .
According to a report yesterday , Goldman suggested a way that Greece could push healthcare liabilities further out into the future .
The bank has refused to comment .
Other eurozone countries have been discovered using cross-currency swaps similar to one causing concern in Greece , including Italy , which did a controversial transaction with JP Morgan before it joined the euro .
The size and scale of the use of derivatives is not fully understood , even by Eurostat , the European Union 's official statistics body , which has complained that member nations ' finances are opaque and that the information it is given about derivatives deals is incomplete .
Gustavo Piga , an economics professor at the University of Rome , whose 2001 paper on the topic sparked furious debate within the EU , questioned the wisdom of using Wall Street banks to invent ways to skirt debt rules .
" What kind of relationships start to arise between these governments and these banks once they are in this mortal embrace of reciprocal blackmail potential ?
How does this change the dynamics on other issues , such as the regulation of banks ?
" We have no idea – maybe nothing , but certainly there is a conflict of interest here , " he told Risk magazine this week .
EU leaders promised last Thursday to make sure that Greece could meet its debt repayments , but sketched no mechanism for doing so , and pledged no specific sums of money .
They reiterated their demands for Greece to redouble efforts to impose the swingeing public spending cuts that have prompted widespread labour unrest .
Finance ministers are continuing to work on contingency plans for a bailout this week , amid signs of disagreement over the scale of austerity measures to be demanded of Greece .
The European Central Bank is seeking tougher measures than the politicians are willing to demand .
Source : The Independent
By Nancy Polikoff
In one of the best and most straightforward court opinions I have ever read on the subject , the Kentucky Supreme Court last week ruled , in a 4 - 3 decision , that a nonbiological mom was entitled to joint custody of the son she planned for and raised with her former partner .
The opinion , Mullins v. Picklesimer , reads as a beacon of light shining through the obfuscation courts all too often bring to the actual lives of lesbian couples and their children .
Arminta Mullins and Phyllis Picklesimer had a baby .
They selected a semen donor who resembled Mullins , and Picklesimer was inseminated and bore the child .
Mullins and her mother were present at the child 's birth .
The child was premature and spent two months in neo-natal intensive care .
Both moms attended him .
They named him Zachary Alexander Picklesimer - Mullins .
Once Zachary came home , both moms took leave to care for him , and when they both returned to work , Mullins ' mother cared for him while the moms were at work .
Both women provided care and financial support .
The child called Mullins " momma . "
He considered both women his parents , even according to Picklesimer 's testimony .
When the child was less than a year old , the couple filed custody papers granting a judgment of custody to Mullins on the basis that she was the child 's de facto custodian .
The couple split up a few months later , and they continued to co-parent for several more months , until Picklesimer refused to allow Mullins to see the child .
Mullins filed a petition for joint custody .
So .
It turned out that Mullins did not meet the statutory criteria for a de facto custodian because Kentucky does not recognize that status if the parent and de facto parent are actually parenting together .
Therefore , the court order the couple had obtained was invalid .
Nonetheless , the Kentucky Supreme Court found that Mullins was entitled to joint custody .
First , she had standing to file because the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act ( UCCJEA ) , adopted in Kentucky and almost all states , allows " a person acting as a parent " to file , and it defines that to mean a person who " has [ or within the last six months has had ] physical custody of the child and .... claims a right to legal custody under the law of this state . "
The court interpreted this to permit standing in a shared custody situation ; Mullins did not have to have physical custody to the exclusion of Picklesimer .
Because so many states have the UCCJEA , this portion of the case has the potential for impact beyond Kentucky .
The court was clear that the specific facts in this type of family situation differed from circumstances involving nonparents such as a grandparent , babysitter , or boyfriend or girlfriend of the parent .
Turning to the statutory standard for awarding custody to Mullins , the court said that a parent has a superior right unless the parent is unfit ( not relevant here ) or " has waived [ her ] superior right to custody by clear and convincing evidence . "
And , in the most significant part of the opinion , the court ruled that the law of waiver of superior custody rights includes partial waiver that gives a child " another parent in addition to the natural parent . "
" In this case , " the court wrote , " Picklesimer waived her superior right to sole custody of the child in favor of a joint custody arrangement with Mullins .... What Picklesimer waived ... was her right to be the sole decision - maker regarding her child and the right to sole physical possession of the child . "
The court continued with what might be some of my favorite sentences ever in an opinion on this subject .
It said the doctrine of partial waiver was both legally justified and " necessary 'in order to prevent the harm that inevitably results from the destruction of the bond that develops between the child and the nonparent who has raised the child as his or her own .
The bond between a child and a co-parenting partner who is looked upon as another parent by the child cannot be said to be any less than the bond that develops between the child and a nonparent to whom the parent has relinquished full custody . "
The focus , according to the court , should be on " whether the legal parent has voluntarily chosen to create a family unit and to cede to the third party a sufficiently significant amount of parental responsibility and decision - making authority to create a parent - like relationship with his or her child . "
The Kentucky trial court had awarded Mullins joint custody .
The intermediate appeals court had reversed .
The effect of the Kentucky Supreme Court 's decision reversing the appeals court is that the trial court order goes into effect .
Zachary has his two moms back .
This opinion is stunning .
The first obvious reason is that it is from Kentucky , a state not known for being gay - friendly .
Beyond that , however , it seems to me that the majority totally understood the family this couple created , and it understood it without the friend - of - the - court briefs customarily filed in such cases by LGBT legal groups and mainstrean mental health organizations like the American Psychological Association .
The biological mother created a two - parent family ; she did cede part of the right she gets from her biological connection to the child to her partner .
She did it every bit as much as a married woman who has a child with a husband using donor sperm .
The court specifically said that Mullins cared for Zachary " in the capacity of a parent . "
The child , although only 18 months old when the trial took place , knew he had two parents .
And so did the majority of the Kentucky Supreme Court .
In other cases , even when the non-bio mom has been successful , the courts often hedge .
They come up with a list of factors the non -bio mom must meet .
They act squeamish , ever guarding against the possibility of opening the door too wide to actual non-parents .
Sometimes they qualify the victory by allowing only visitation rights , not custody .
This court saw exactly how this family was created and functioned and was not at all concerned about its ruling going beyond a family so obviously created in this fashion .
One of the dissenting judges expressed the fear that step - parents , even after short marriages , would be able to contest custody of their step - children .
I do n't see that at all .
The majority describes this family first by the couple 's decision to bring a child into the world through donor insemination and to parent that child together .
The majority makes its ruling seem like simple common sense .
Which it is .
cross-posted from Beyond ( Straight and Gay ) Marriage
Subscribe to The Real Food Channel
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Scientists have created the hottest temperature ever in the lab -- 4 trillion degrees Celsius -- hot enough to break matter down into the kind of soup that existed microseconds after the birth of the universe .
An undated handout image illustrating quark gluon plasma produced in the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider at Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York .
REUTERS / Courtesy Brookhaven National Laboratory / Handout
They used a giant atom smasher at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York to knock gold ions together to make the ultra - hot explosions -- which lasted only for milliseconds .
But that is enough to give physicists fodder for years of study that they hope will help them understand why and how the universe formed .
“ That temperature is hot enough to melt protons and neutrons , ” Brookhaven ’s Steven Vigdor told a news conference at a meeting of the American Physical Society in Washington on Monday .
These particles make up atoms , but they are themselves made up of smaller components called quarks and gluons .
What the physicists are looking for are tiny irregularities that can explain why matter clumped out of the primeval hot soup .
They also hope to use their findings for more practical applications -- such as in the field of “ spintronics ” that aims to make smaller , faster and more powerful computing devices .
They used the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC , pronounced “ rick ” ) , a particle accelerator and collider that is 2.4 mile around and buried 12 feet underground in Upton , New York to collide gold ions billions of times .
“ RHIC was designed to create matter at temperatures first encountered in the early universe , ” Vigdor said .
They calculate the 4 trillion degree temperature gets pretty close .
“ How hot is it ? ” he asked .
In comparison , “ The predicted melting temperature of protons and neutrons is 2 trillion degrees .
The temperatures at the core of a typical type - 2 supernova is 2 billion degrees , ” he said .
The center of our sun is 50 million degrees , iron melts at 1,800 degrees and the average temperature of the universe is now 0.7 of a degree above absolute zero .
BIRTH OF MATTER
Vigdor ’s team believe they are looking at a recreation of the moment just before the quark - gluon soup condensed into hadrons -- the particles of matter that make up most of our universe .
Something happened in the milliseconds after the Big Bang to create an imbalance in favor of matter over anti-matter .
If there had not been this disparity , matter and anti-matter would have simply reacted to create a universe of pure energy .
Later this year , physicists using the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland hope to smash lead ions together to create even hotter temperatures that should replicate moments even earlier in the birth of the universe .
Brookhaven has also patented some potential commercial applications of the research , said theorist Dmitri Kharzeev .
“ The goal here is to create a device that can operate not only on the current of an electric charge but also on the current of spin , ” Kharzeev told the news conference .
Quarks spin in different directions and understanding how and why they do this can help scientists harness the power .
It may be possible to replicate a symmetrical spin in graphene , for example , said Kharzeev .
Graphene is a so - called nanomaterial that scientists believe may replace silicon in super - fast and super - small devices .
“ We are thinking of other practical applications as well , ” said Kharzeev .
Users of Lisp and Smalltalk environments are used to having some pretty powerful tools for debugging exceptions in their code .
For instance , here ’s the dialog I see when I try to do execute some bad code in Squeak :
Ruby users are not so lucky .
Our first indication of an error is either the code not working or a stack trace , depending on whether the error is handled somewhere .
Either way , we do n’t get an opportunity to investigate the circumstances of the error when it is raised .
All we get to see is the aftermath .
Ruby exceptions are raised with the raise method , or with fail , which is an alias for raise .
I use the term “ method ” deliberately .
raise is not a keyword ; it ’s a method on Kernel just like puts and exit .
The fact that raise is just an ordinary method has some interesting implications .
For instance , we can modify it to trace the location of every error raised in a program :
module MyRaise def raise ( * args ) puts " Error at #{caller . first} ! " super ( * args ) end end class Object include MyRaise end raise " blah " rescue nil # => nil # >>
Error at -:12 !
Since MyRaise is included in Object after the default Kernel , our definition of raise takes precedence .
Obviously , if we can intercept errors at the moment they are raised , there ’s a lot more we can do beyond mere tracing .
Introducing Hammertime .
Hammertime is an interactive error console for Ruby .
Using it is simple : just gem install hammertime and require the library :
require ' hammertime '
Now when an error is raised , we ’re be presented with a menu :
=== Stop ! Hammertime . ===
An error has occurred at example .rb:6:in `faulty_method '
The error is : #< RuntimeError : Oh no !>
1 . Continue ( process the exception normally ) 2 . Ignore ( proceed without raising an exception ) 3 . Permit by type ( do n't ask about future errors of this type ) 4 . Permit by line ( do n't ask about future errors raised from this point ) 5 . Backtrace ( show the call stack leading up to the error ) 6 . Debug ( start a debugger ) 7 . Console ( start an IRB session )
What now ?
With Hammertime we can diagnose and fix errors at the point where they occur .
Let ’s walk through an example Hammertime session using the following highly contrived script :
$ broken = true def faulty_method raise " Oh no ! " if $ broken end 3.times do |n| puts " Attempt ( # {n+1}/3 ) " begin faulty_method puts " No error raised " rescue => error puts " Error raised : # {error.inspect} " end end
We start the code with Hammertime enabled :
$ ruby - rhammertime example.rb
The code raises an error , and we see the Hammertime menu :
Attempt ( 1/3 ) === Stop !
Hammertime . ===
An error has occurred at example .rb:6:in `faulty_method '
The error is : #<runtimeerror : Oh no !>
1 . Continue ( process the exception normally ) 2 . Ignore ( proceed without raising an exception ) 3 . Permit by type ( do n't ask about future errors of this type ) 4 . Permit by line ( do n't ask about future errors raised from this point ) 5 . Backtrace ( show the call stack leading up to the error ) 6 . Debug ( start a debugger ) 7 . Console ( start an IRB session )
What now ?
We choose “ Backtrace ” to see the full trace leading up to the error :
5 example.rb:6:in `faulty_method ' example.rb:12 example.rb:9:in `times ' example.rb:9
1 . Continue ( process the exception normally ) 2 . Ignore ( proceed without raising an exception ) 3 . Permit by type ( do n't ask about future errors of this type ) 4 . Permit by line ( do n't ask about future errors raised from this point ) 5 . Backtrace ( show the call stack leading up to the error ) 6 . Debug ( start a debugger ) 7 . Console ( start an IRB session )
What now ?
Note that Hammertime returns us to the menu after showing the stack trace .
Next we choose “ Console ” to drop into an IRB session .
From there , we do a little snooping around :
>> $ broken => true
Well that seems to be the problem , someone left the “ more magic ” switch off .
Let ’s fix that :
>> $ broken=false => false >> exit 1 . Continue ( process the exception normally ) 2 . Ignore ( proceed without raising an exception ) 3 . Permit by type ( do n't ask about future errors of this type ) 4 . Permit by line ( do n't ask about future errors raised from this point ) 5 . Backtrace ( show the call stack leading up to the error ) 6 . Debug ( start a debugger ) 7 . Console ( start an IRB session )
What now ?
And now we ’ll choose to Ignore the error and proceed :
What now ?
2
No error raised Attempt ( 2/3 ) No error raised Attempt ( 3/3 )
No error raised
We ’ve fixed the “ bug ” , so successive runs execute without problems .
Hammertime has other features , including the ability to specify certain errors which wo n’t trigger the menu to be presented .
If you want to learn more about it I suggest installing it , playing around with it , and reading the code .
The biggest limitation of Hammertime is that it can only catch errors which are raised within Ruby code , not those raised in native code .
I threw it together in an afternoon , so it probably has other bugs as well .
Please let me know if you get some use out of the tool .
Patches , bug reports , and suggestions are welcome .
UPDATE : Magnus Holm was inspired by this post to create an Exception # continue method .
With a little more work I think this could be the basis for a Lisp - style conditions system , something I ’d love to see implemented in Ruby .
[ ad #PostInline ]
PARIS , France -
In his 2009 Cairo address to the Muslim world , U.S. President Barack Obama mentioned no fewer than three times the issue of the headscarf , or hijab .
Each time , his purpose was to stress " the right of women and girls to wear the hijab " - but never their right not to wear it .
Needless to say , Obama 's stance did not gain him popularity among a large portion of Muslim women who had been angling to be free of the hijab for quite some time .
In truth , many Muslim women seek relief from the pressure to cover themselves .
It is these sentiments that led to France 's initial law in 2004 that banned all exterior religious signs , not just Muslim ones , from public schools .
And it is these sentiments that have pushed France to currently consider the partial burqa ban in public spaces - and rightfully so .
The ban on the burqa - the outer garment that covers a woman from head to toe - denounces a practice that has nothing to do with religion , but rather is a way for fanatical men to have dominion over women .
If passed , France 's partial burqa ban will protect a woman 's right to freedom and dignity .
She will no longer be obliged to cover herself , but can do so in some instances if she chooses to .
( Here 's an opposing viewpoint on why France is wrong to consider the burqa ban . )
French president Nicolas Sarkozy has made his stance crystal clear , saying the burqa is not " welcome in France " and that it " is not a religious issue but rather a question of freedom and of women 's dignity . "
Fadela Amara , his secretary of state for urban policies and herself a Muslim , echoed his opinion : " The burqa confiscates a woman 's existence .
By and large , those who wear it are victims .
I favor banning this coffin for women 's basic liberties .
The burqa is proof of the presence of Muslim fundamentalists on our soil and of the politicization of Islam . "
Abdelali Mamoun , an imam in Guyancourt , near Paris , also concurs , saying that the Islamists are behind this trend .
Of them he said , " Even if they are not jihadists , they hate the West , they spit on the kuffars , the infidels , but they take advantage of all the French social services . "
France has come under fire for being intolerant of Muslims - interestingly , by both radical Muslims and American pundits .
But in actuality , Europe and a number of Muslim countries are already moving in France 's direction .
For example , in the Netherlands , a law bans the burqa in schools and public transportation ; in Sweden , Italy , Luxembourg and some Belgian cities , the burqa is theoretically banned altogether and Egypt 's religious Al - Azhar University has just banned the niqab ( full - face veil ) stating that it has nothing to do with the Koran .
Gamal al - Banna , the Egyptian brother of the founder of the Muslim Brotherhood , goes further : " Neither the Koran , nor the hadith require women to wear a headscarf . "
Tunisia is another Muslim country actively going after the hijab .
In 2006 , President Ben Ali , feeling the growing influence of Islamists in Tunisian society through the rapid increase of hijabs , reactivated a 1981 decree banning the wearing of the hijab in government offices , schools , universities , and public places in general .
Islamists will stop at nothing to veil women .
Sometimes they try to buy resistance .
Some French Muslim families , for instance , are paid 500 euros ( about $ 680 ) per quarter by extremist Muslim organizations just to have their daughters wear the hijab .
But what Islamists use most is intimidation .
A survey conducted in France in May 2003 found that 77 percent of girls wearing the hijab said they did so because of physical threats from Islamist groups .
A series in the newspaper Liberation in 2003 documented how Muslim women and girls in France who refuse to wear the hijab are insulted , rejected and often physically threatened by Muslim males .
Muslim women who try to rebel are considered " whores " and treated as outcasts .
In fact , around the globe millions of women are forced to wear the veil for fear of physical retribution .
And the fear is well - founded .
Every year hundreds of women in Pakistan and Afghanistan alone are killed , have acid thrown in their faces or are otherwise maimed by male fanatics for the simple reason that they were not covered .
For Islamists , veiling women is a way to control society , hence their ferocious determination to do so .
Not coincidentally , it is one of the only issues on which Sunni and Shia extremists agree .
It 's not by chance that the spreading of the veil really took off in 1979 after Iran 's Islamic regime came to power and Saudi Arabia 's radicalization wave following the foiled coup .
Some Shiite militias in Iraq have actually started forcing women - Muslim or not - to wear the veil or face the consequences .
Interestingly , Al Qaeda through its Islamic Maghreb branch also joined the debate by accusing France of " religious terrorism " and threatening terror attacks in France and / or against French interests .
Last but not least , the burqa is also potentially a security hazard because it prevents others from being able to identify the person wearing it .
For instance , there have been numerous cases of terrorists blowing themselves up in Iraq and Afghanistan while wearing a burqa , and some others have tried to escape while under the cloak of one .
The burqa has nothing to do with freedom of religion but with basic human rights .
Europe appears to understand this .
Let 's hope America will one day , too .
Fact check :
No , votes do n’t have to be counted by 8 p.m. on Election Day
Please submit your cute pit bull pictures , kids drawings , cartoons , funny poems and short video clips to :
Be sure that you own the content or have express permission to submit it .
Please submit uncropped , original photos .
You may suggest captions for your pics or let our in house pit bulls have a go at it .
All content should be Rated " G " and not display any abuse or mistreatment of animals .
Once submitted to Pitter Patter , photographers / dog owners acknowledge and accept PBRC 's right to use submitted photos on Pitter Patter or any of PBRC 's affiliate web sites .
Photographers / dog owners acknowledge and accept no monetary reimbursement for use of said photos .
Content may be edited .
Due to content , clarity , and / or volume of submissions , not all content may be used .
Special note regarding professional photos : Photos produced by professional photographers are copyrighted and should be submitted only by the photographer with their express permission that copyright and watermarks made need to be altered or removed for space and clarity .
It is best that photographers submit these photos directly so that we may verify permission for their use .
Major Expeditions
LAST NORTH EXPEDITION - 2014
In March 2014 , Eric Larsen and Ryan Waters , will traverse the Arctic Ocean from Northern Ellesmere Island to the geographic North Pole .
The team hopes to cover the nearly 500 - mile distance in less than 49 days ; in doing so , they would break the current ' unsupported ' expedition speed record set by a Norwegian team in 2006 .
CYCLE SOUTH EXPEDITION - 2012
Attempted bicycle expedition to the Geographic South Pole .
The goal of the expedition was to bicycle form Hercules Inlet to the Geographic South Pole a distance of 730 miles .
While Eric was not able to complete the full traverse , he did cover a quarter of the distance to the pole .
SAVE THE POLES - 2009/2010
In 2009 , Eric Larsen began an unprecedented journey to the top , bottom and roof of the world .
During a continuous 365 - day period , Larsen mounted major expeditions to the North and South Poles and the summit of Mt. Everest .
Larsen is the only person to have completed this feat in a one - year time span .
To date , less than 20 people in history have completed full expeditions to all three ' poles ' .
South Pole : Guiding for Antarctic Logistics and Expeditions ( ALE ) , Eric led two clients to the South Pole via Hercules Inlet .
Starting from the edge of the Antarctic continent on the Filchner Ice Shelf , our team skied 730 miles ( 934 km ) to the Geographic South Pole covering the entire distance in 48 days arriving on January 2 , 2010 .
North Pole : Traveling with Canadian team mate Darcy St. Laurent and English team member Antony Jinman , the team skied , snowshoed and at times even swam roughly 550 miles from Cape Discovery , Ellesmere Island to the Geographic North Pole in 51 days arriving on April 22 , 2010 .
Mt. Everest : Climbing with a small Sherpa team , Eric summited Mt. Everest on October 15th , 2010 and stands as the only Fall summit since .
DENALI - 2009
In July of 2009 , Ryan Waters , Mark Sheen and Eric traveled to Talkeetna , Alaska to climb Mt. McKinley ( Denali ) North America 's highest peak .
Concerned about gaping crevasses common in late season climbing , a large snowfall prior to our departure to base camp substantially improved snow surface .
Once on the Kahiltna Glacier , the team was able to make steady progress to 14,000 ' camp .
After a rest / acclimatization day , the team climbed up the headwall to lay a cache at 17,200 ' camp .
Noting the calm conditions , they decided to take advantage of the great weather and reach the summit .
ANTARCTICA - 2008
Guiding for Antarctic Logistics and Expeditions ( ALE ) , Eric led a diverse group of four clients to the South Pole via the route originally pioneered by famed mountaineer , Rheinhold Messner .
Starting from the edge of the Antarctic continent on the Filchner Ice Shelf , our team skied 580 miles ( 934 km ) to the Geographic South Pole covering the entire distance in 43 days arriving on January 3 , 2009 .
ONE WORLD EXPEDITION - 2006
To date the only successful ' summer ' style North Pole expedition .
In early May 2006 , Eric and team mate Lonnie Dupre departed Cape Discovery , Ellesmere Island on what was to be one of the most physically demanding and mentally challenging expeditions of his life .
Traditionally , Arctic Ocean expeditions had been launched during the coldest time of year while the ice is still thick and stable .
Yet freeze - thaw conditions , dangerous shifting ice floes , slush and melt water pools had prevented even the most experienced explorers from even attempting a summer North Pole Expedition .
The team spent nearly four years planning and preparing and even developed specially modified canoes that could be pulled like sleds and paddled like boats .
After a failed attempt in 2005 from Siberia , he pair achieved the North Pole on July 2nd , after 62 days on the ice .
Initially , they had planned to return to land , but due to Lonnie 's increasingly worrisome medical condition , they rendezvoused with a Russian Ice Breaker at the North Pole .
IMPORTANT UPDATE : Dream Car Sales are now Redland Car Sales
At the end of October last year , I wrote an entry in which I mentioned a local car dealer : Dream Car Sales , Telford .
We bought a car from Dream Car Sales to tide us over while ours was undergoing repair because I was heavily pregnant and could ’ve gone into labour at any time .
The car we bought was an M reg Astra MK3 3 door , with a catalogue of problems ( most of which we found after parting wth our cash ) including :
One tyre was so badly degraded it came apart in the tyre shop .
The airfilter was missing , and the trunking was split hugely
The brakes are shocking .
The pedal goes to the floor .
The exhaust sections are held together by bolts with no nuts , ceramic cement and cable ties
You can see the full list , including pictures , on Karl ’s page .
Since writing the entry , I ’ve been contacted by two separate people regarding Dream Car Sales .
First , through by entry by a guy called Chris :
hi i am sorry to hear of your car i too got a car from dream car sales whats the word DREAM all about nightmare more like , JUST BEFOR CHRISTMAS it was my wifes first car and she was gutted she could not drive it i am in dispute and dealing with trading standards to get my cash back £ 500 he sold the car for spares or repair which is illegal to let you drive it away
… and then again through Facebook by a guy called Sam :
hi , just found your blog as i searched for dream car sales on google to see if anyone else had a whinge about them , they had my car put through a dodgy mot , it had very dangerous brakes , suspension faults on all four corners and several electrical problems .
car nearly killed me in the snow last week , tracked all the previous history on motinfo.
co.uk .
just a bit of advice if you still have the car , check the mot sheet and see if it says ‘ yes ’ in the advisory box , and check the left hand corner for the sheet of paper that they rip off that warns you how rediculously dangerous your new ‘ dream car ’ is … you can use the mot number and the reg to find out all recorded mot history ( when it went computerised 5 years ago ) on www.motinfo.gov.uk.
i only recently checked this but i did challenge the mot tester as it had been on the forecourt since the mot and had passed with a brake light , headlight out and the horn didnt work , but we didnt realise the extent it was gone until the brakes failed after not feeling right since i had the car .
however the garage insisted it was normal on my shape clio and the car was very cheap for what it was .
mine had failures that then turned to advisories ( advisory means you should sort them , if somethings failed and repaired it should be fixed and not mentioned on the retest , when it says ‘ brakes are barely at pass level and should be checked thoroughly ) , and they rip this sheet off and sell you the car anyway .
as they have done with me .
In addition to this , the last time Karl went to our local mechanic , he was told of another lady who ’d bought a bigger car from Dream Car Sales as she was expecting twins , and she was left with an unsafe vehicle too .
If the owners are willing to put pregnant women into cars that could quite easily fail at a moments notice due to failing brakes or a perished tyre , it wo n’t be long before one of their cars is involved in an accident , and I dread to think of the consequences .
If you ’ve been sold a car by Dream Car Sales , please get in touch : jem@jemjabella.co.uk
Jem Turner jem@jemjabella.co.uk +44(0)7521056376
Plane insane ?
Lego fan spends eight months and £ 3,500 building replica of world 's biggest passenger jet
Advertisement
It may have been designed to help young children get to grips with how the world of construction works but it seems that Lego can still bring out the big kid in anyone , especially when it comes to scale models of passenger aircraft .
Lego enthusiast Ryan McNaught has taken his passion for building in plastic a step further than most by constructing a painstakingly accurate replica of a Qantas A380 plane from scratch .
Model magic : Ryan McNaught spent eight months creating his Lego replica of a Quantas A380 , currently the biggest passenger plane in the world
The replica model of the ' Superjumbo ' - in real - life , a double - deck , four - engine airliner that is currently the world 's largest passenger plane - uses mainly white , grey and red bricks and took Australian McNaught eight months to build .
It comprises 35,000 pieces , measures over 7ft in length and is 6ft wide .
The model moves too with automated touch - screen controls operating functions that include front landing gear , two rear landing gear doors and airbrakes on the wing .
Surrounding the aircraft there are baggage carts , fuel tankers and airport employees wearing the obligatory bright attire .
Life in minature : A closer look at the 35,000 - piece model reveals cabin crew , snoozing flyers and even a Lego version of Samuel L Jackson 's character from the hit film Snakes on a Plane ( bottom left ) .
Creator Ryan McNaught ( pictured right ) will showcase his replica Qantas A380 model to other fans at a Lego convention in Chicago later this year .
The construction shows only of half the plane 's exterior , which enabled McNaught to recreate scenes from life onboard an airliner .
There is a full crew and passengers can be seen stretching their legs in the aisles , reclining in their seats or nipping to the toilet .
And like all good flights , there are one or two celebrities on board - presumably in first class .
A global love affair with Lego
The brightly - coloured plastic building bricks may have millions of fans around the world but Lego had humble beginnings .
Ole Kirk Christiansen , a carpenter from Billund , Denmark came up with the idea for Lego in his workshop .
The world Lego is a combination of two Danish words ' leg ' and ' godt ' , literally meaning play well .
Models of Indiana Jones and Star Wars ' Yoda can be spied and there 's even a scene from cult Hollywood film Snakes on a Plane .
A diminutive version of Samuel L. Jackson 's character from the surprise hit movie is shown battling red and green serpents in the bowels of the plane .
McNaught , a father - of - two from Melbourne said of his project : " No one has ever built an Airbus like this .
When I first unveiled it people were climbing over each other to have a look .
" I used to work for an airline so had a bit of knowledge about planes , but it is harder to get information these days because of the world terrorism threat .
" Most of the designs came off the internet and I had to adapt the scale of the Airbus because your average Lego man is quite fat for his height . "
It is estimated that the semi-professional Lego - constructor , who works in IT when he's not handling the mini building bricks , estimates that he 's spent around £ 3,500 bringing the plane to life .
The model , which was built in the family garage , is set to be shipped to Chicago for the Brickworld Lego event later this year - and Mr McNaught is hoping it will arrive intact .
Remember when this story came out earlier this year and Israel denied it ?
The Washington Report did a big piece about it , by Alison Weir , yet the Israel lobbyists said it was an anti-Semitic canard .
Myself I say it ’s further evidence of this great challenge in Jewish history , learning respect for the other .
From the Associated Press , Jerusalem : " Israel harvested organs in ’ 90s without permission " :
Of course , we 're all too familiar with Ann Coulter 's schtick :
Say something outrageous that will get you lots of attention , then compound it by saying something even more outrageous .
It 's all for show .
Yesterday on Fox News ' weekly Geraldo Rivera show , Coulter was true to form , calling Vice President Joe Biden a " drunken Irishman " :
Coulter :
It almost is kind of effective to send out this drunken Irishman to respond to Dick Cheney .
It 's like sending out the White House dog .
It 's saying , ' We so do n't respect you we 're sending in Joe Biden . '
Funny how Ann Coulter always manages to sound like a Know Nothing , is n't it ?
She is , after all , the philosophical and cultural descendant of Bill the Butcher .
Coulter also told Rivera that she thinks Sarah Palin 's not running for the presidency :
Coulter : I think I can save you a lot of trouble over the next three years .
I do n't even think Sarah Palin 's going to run , and I think it 's not particularly likely that she 'll be our nominee .
So she 's huge , she 's popular , she has enormous influence .
The same can be said for Oprah , the same can be said for Rush Limbaugh .
And I do n't know why we have to keep asking in the media , ' Is she running for president ? '
Of course , neither Oprah or Limbaugh are professional politicians with a history of office - seeking .
Unlike , say , Sarah Palin , who now has no job outside of being a political celebrity -- while Oprah and Limbaugh both have lucrative day jobs .
Of course she 's running -- she just knows she can't announce too early .
We 'll be saving this clip for the day Palin finally makes it official .
Because Coulter , like so many right - wingers , has a terrific track record of being dead wrong .
But what really rankled Coulter was Joe Trippi 's somewhat apt comparison of Palin to Jesse Jackson .
This is more than Coulter can bear , who compulsively returns , like a dog to its vomit , to her earlier ethnic smear of Biden :
Coulter : How about comparing Joe Biden with Sarah Palin ?
She 's twenty million times more qualified than he is .
Rivera :
How do you say that ?
A two - year governor against a long Senate career .
Anyway -- Coulter :
How long are we gonna pretend Biden is not just some drunken Irishman embarrassing Obama ?
Yeh , that 's pretty damned funny .
While Joe Biden served on the Senate Foreign Relations committee for 30 years , Sarah Palin was the mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , where her most important policy issues involved where to place sewage - treatment plants and whether or not to pave certain roads in town , and then served two brief years as the governor of one of the smallest state electorates in the nation .
Twenty million more times , indeed .
Chilly weather kills 23 insurgents in N AfghanistanKABUL , Feb. 11 ( Xinhua ) --
The continued snowfall and chilly weather in Afghanistan besides inflicting casualties on innocent civilians also claimed the lives of nearly two dozen anti- government militants in north Afghanistan , a private television channel reported Thursday .
"
The freezing and unfriendly weather has claimed the lives of 23 insurgents in Baghlan province north of Afghanistan , " Tolo broadcast in its news bulletin .
Police recovered the bodies of the militants from Baghlan -e- Markazi district the other day , the television further said .
Baghlan , a relatively peaceful province until early last year has been the scene of increasing militancy over the past several months .
Both Taliban insurgents and militants loyal to the former Prime Minister Gulbudin Hekmatyar and leader of his own outlawed faction Islamic party the Hizb - e - Islami are active in parts of Baghlan province .
Snowfall , avalanches and continued freezing weather have claimed the lives of around 200 people across the war - ravaged country over the past four days .
In a video posted to YouTube this week , two co-workers - one white and one black - tried out the webcam face - tracking software on an HP MediaSmart computer .
It is supposed to follow users as they move , but it fails to recognize Desi , a black man .
Hewlett - Packard this week shot down suggestions that its MediaSmart webcams are racist .
In a video posted to YouTube this week , two co-workers - one white and one black - tried out the webcam face - tracking software on an HP MediaSmart computer .
It is supposed to follow users as they move , but it fails to recognize Desi , a black man .
When his co-worker Wanda , who is white , enters the frame , it immediately recognizes her and follows her in the frame .
" As soon as my blackness enters the frame ... it stopped , " Desi said .
" As soon as white Wanda appears , the camera moves .
Black Desi gets in there ?
Nope , no facial recognition anymore , buddy .
I 'm going on record and I 'm saying it .
Hewlett - Packard computers are racist . "
Despite the accusations , Desi is good - natured and seemingly amused by the problem .
HP responded on its blog .
" We are working with our partners to learn more , " HP said .
" The technology we use is built on standard algorithms that measure the difference in intensity of contrast between the eyes and the upper cheek and nose .
We believe that the camera might have difficulty ' seeing ' contrast in conditions where there is insufficient foreground lighting . "
" Everything we do is focused on ensuring that we provide a high - quality experience for all our customers , who are ethnically diverse and live and work around the world , " HP continued .
" That 's why when issues surface , we take them seriously and work hard to understand the root causes . "
PCMag 's networking analyst Samara Lynn weighs in on our Gearlog blog .
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 11 am with a headline that more accurately reflects the story .
- video encodings still in process -
Dallas Wiens was doing maintenance at a local church when he was electrocuted
Our website uses cookies to deliver safer , faster , and more customized site experiences .
By using our site you agree to our use of cookies .
Read our privacy policy for more information .
If you have cookies disabled , you will see this message each visit .
RCapture is a Ruby library that allows placing hooks on methods using a convenient interface .
In this article I ’d like to introduce RCapture and its features to you .
Update RCapture is covered in episode # 41 of Ruby5 .
Take a listen !
I always wanted to be able to place hooks on arbitrary methods in Ruby .
After two failed attempts to bring up a easy to use and consistent interface , I put this idea aside .
I kept the idea in my mind since then , but it took me roughly a year to start a new approach from a totally different point of view based on the controversial discussed article “ Ruby Metaprogramming Simplified “ .
RCapture offers the following core features
Capturing of instance and class methods of individual objects or entire population of objects .
Capturing pre or post method invocation .
Multiple capturings per method .
Modify method arguments and return values .
Filter method calls .
Developed with multithreaded environments in mind .
RCapture has been tested against Ruby 1.8 and Ruby 1.9 and can be easily installed by
> gem install rcapture Successfully installed rcapture - 1.0.4
Introductory Example
Here is a simple example that demonstrates usage of RCapture : Array insertion methods are captured in order to output statistics upon invocation .
The capture is placed at class Array which will affect all instances of Array .
require ' rcapture ' class Array # RCapture :: Interceptable is a module mixin that provides capturing capatibilities .
include RCapture :: Interceptable end Array.capture_post : methods => [ :<< , : push ] do |cs| puts " #{cs.args.
first} was inserted to array # {cs.sender} " end [ ] << 1 << 2 [ ] . push 3 #=> 1 was inserted to array [ 1 ] # => 2 was inserted to array [ 1 , 2 ] # => 3 was inserted to array [ 3 ]
Placing hooks on individual instances is accomplished by calling capture_post on instance level :
require ' rcapture ' x = [ ] x.extend ( RCapture :: Interceptable ) x.capture_post : methods => [ :<< , : push ] do |cs| puts " #{cs.args .
first} was inserted to x " end x << 1 << 2
Class Methods
Similar to placing hooks on instance methods , class methods can be captured by RCapture .
Here is a working example .
require ' rcapture ' # Enrich Math module module Math include RCapture :: Interceptable end Math.capture_pre :class_methods => [ : cos , : acos , : sin , : asin ] do puts " Hello Trigonometry ! " end Math.cos (0 ) #=> Hello Trigonometry !
Modifying Arguments and Return Values
The following working example illustrates capturing methods in order to modify input and return arguments .
Captures are placed multiple times .
require ' rcapture ' # Enrich single instance x = [ ] x.extend ( RCapture :: Interceptable ) # Define procs that will modify the input arguments inc = Proc.new { | ci| ci.args [ 0 ] += 1 } dec = Proc.new { | ci| ci.args [ 0 ] -= 1 } mul = Proc.new { | ci| ci.args [ 0 ]
*= 2 } # Capture ':< <' multiple times .
x.capture_pre : methods => :<< , &inc x.capture_pre : methods => :<< , &mul x.capture_pre : methods => :<< , &inc x.capture_pre : methods => :<< , &dec x.capture_pre : methods => :<< , &dec x << 2 << 4 p x #= > [ 3,7 ] # Similarily , you can modify return values y = [ ] y.extend ( RCapture :: Interceptable ) inc = Proc.new { |ci| ci.return += 1 } dec = Proc.new { |ci| ci.return -= 1 } mul = Proc.new { |ci| ci.return *= 2 } y.capture_post : methods => :[ ] , &inc y.capture_post : methods => :[ ] , &mul y.capture_post : methods => :[ ] , &inc y.capture_post : methods => :[ ] , &dec y.capture_post : methods => :[ ] , &dec y << 1 << 4 p y[ 0 ] # => 3 p y[ 1 ] #= > 9 #
Filtering Method Calls
As noted at the beginning of the post , RCapture is capable of filtering method calls using capture_pre .
The following example , creates an array that will accept event numbers only .
require ' rcapture ' #
This array will only accept even numbers x = [ ] x.extend ( RCapture :: Interceptable ) even_filter = Proc.new do |ci| #
Define the predicate that must evaluate to true # in order to call the captured method ci.predicate = ( ci.args.first % 2 == 0 ) #
In case the predicate evaluates to false you # can use the return property to control # what is returned from the captured method instead # Insertion to array returns the array itself : ci.return = ci.sender end x.capture_pre : methods => [ :<< , : push ] , &even_filter x << 2 << 3 << 4 << 5 << 6 x.push ( 7 ) .push ( 8 ) p x # = > [ 2,4,6,8 ] #
Final Example : New with Block argument
Here is one final example that should stimulate your imagination of what can be done with RCapture : given any class , it is often desireable to work with newly created instance by passing a block to New .
If that class does not support this you can use RCapture to enable this behaviour .
require ' rcapture ' include RCapture class X include Interceptable def initialize ( name ) ; @name = name ; end def say_hello ; puts " Hello , #{@name} ! " ; end end class Y < X def initialize ; super ( " Y " ) ; end end X.capture :class_methods => :new do |ci| ci.block.call(ci.return ) if ci.block end #
Now you can use X and Y as if it supports # blocks x = X.new ( " Christoph " ) do |x| x.say_hello #=>
" Hello , Christoph ! " end y = Y.new do |y| y.say_hello #= >
" Hello , Y ! " end #
Or leaf the block argument away x = X.new ( " Christoph " ) y = Y.new #
Even More !
More examples and documentation can be found as part of the RCapture distribution or by browsing the online documentation .
Help Wanted
Due to the limited amount of time I can spend on this project , I ’m actively searching for people joining the project .
If you ’d like to contribute , get in touch now !
Links
RCapture Gem – Gem is hosted by Gemcutter
RCapture Sourcecode
RCapture Documentation –
The mighty documentation
This post will provide a graphical update on what has been a roller coaster ride in the natural gas market over the past 12 months , and a steep plummet of late .
Natural gas prices have dropped by 50 % in the last month , and over 70 % from their highs earlier in the year .
The warmest winter on record and not a single rig- damaging hurricane have combined to create record gas in storage , thereby reducing price demand for the marginal unit .
Yet , production is flat with last year despite significant more drilling and rigs allocated to the commodity .
The current situation is thus one of short term plenty and long term supply concern .
If longer term predictions of reduced supply and accelerated well depletion are correct , we should be seeing some of the major producers reduce rig counts at these levels , or shut - in their production with intent to sell it higher in the future .
This post examines the supply / demand equation for natural gas in the US , the NG futures strip , and the implications going forward of higher price volatility in this important commodity .
( For those unfamiliar with how the energy futures markets work , here is some background info . )
Natural gas .
It does everything from heat our homes to fertilize and cook our food .
And unless you 've lived in a climate that does n't require air conditioning or heat , you 've probably heard of the wild swings in the gas market in the past year .
The price drop has caused fits , threats and lost bets .
Each day the natural gas market goes up or down .
This year , its pretty much gone down .
Click to enlarge .
The two markets I refer to in the title are supply and demand .
But I could just as easily be referring to the dichotomy between near term prices and long term .
The above chart ( and most news services ( CNBC , etc ) quote what the ' front ' or near month for oil and gas futures is doing .
However , these commodities can be traded for expiration each of the next 60 months .
A ' futures strip ' is comprised of the entire forward market for a commodity .
The complexity of the short and long term supply / demand situation can be better understood by looking at the entire curve .
Below is a graphic of the futures strip from NYMEX.com of last fridays close for natural gas .
( it was down again on Monday ) .
As can be seen , prices are very low for October and November 2006 then form a sine wave pattern for the next 60 months , with peak prices expected in winter months , when heating demand is high .
( Note , the above chart shows historical prices over 10 years , the below chart are todays prices for delivery the next 5 years in the future )
Click to enlarge .
We will return to the futures strip at the end of this post but first give a review of the current dynamics of the natural gas market .
NATURAL GAS SUPPLY
The Peak Oil ( and Natural Gas ) crowd typically focus their worries on the supply side of the market equation .
The supply story for natural gas , at least domestically , does not look promising .
The United States has roughly 400,000 natural gas wells operating currently , near an all time high .
First of all , lets look at total production in the United States .
( The difference in the two lines is the top one includes ' wet gas ' or non -gas liquids which are added into the petroleum supplies . )
( Source EIA )
Click to enlarge .
The following is a graphic showing how quickly the average new gas well is depleted .
( this is for wet wells but dry wells appear to be depleting slightly faster )
As can be seen , a decade ago , it took 10 - 15 years for a new well to deplete .
Now they are going dry in less than 18 months .
Click to enlarge .
In addition to quicker depletion , wells are smaller and hence less productive : ( Source EIA )
Click to enlarge .
We are drilling more wells and smaller wells .
Equity research house Johnson Rice recently put out a report showing that from Q2 2005 to Q2 2006 , the top 20 NG production firms were down 2.4 % in production yet had increased rig count by 22 % .
( this doesnt include shut - in production ) .
HELP FROM THE NORTH ?
Canada produces about 6.2 TCF per year and exports 3.6 TCF to the United States .
However , they too are declining in production with a large increase in wells - a similar pattern to the US .
The graph below shows Canada producing about the same amount of NG as in 1998 , but needing to drill more than twice the wells annually to do this .
( Do n't get me started on net energy )
Click to enlarge .
This is a broad sketch of the supply picture - of course there are coal bed methane and liquefied natural gas , but the impact of both is uncertain , and with natural gas currently with a $ 4 handle , those sources may be uneconomical or not come to market in a timely fashion .
To me , the North American natural gas supply situation can best be likened to the Red Queen in Alice in Wonderland , who kept running very fast just to stay in place - if she slowed down , she might go backwards rapidly .
NOT SO FAST MY FRIEND !
Natural gas demand is the other half of the story .
The US ( in 2005 ) used just under 22 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
Believe it or not , this is less than we used 10 years ago ( compared to a 13 % increase in crude oil ) .
The 22 TCF roughly breaks down as follows : 24 % for residential heating , 14 % for commercial use , 35 % for industrial use , and 27 % for electric and combined cycle power .
Click to enlarge .
Though many say that closure of industrial and chemical plants domestically due to high NG prices is responsible for the drop in industrial demand , as can be seen from the chart , this trend has been in place since the late 1990s , when gas was still cheap .
If I was a manufacturer in Toledo paying $ 17/ hr why wouldnt I move my plant to Mexico and pay $ 4/ hr for wages ?
It is unclear how much more demand destruction can come from the manufacturing sector .
However , electricity demand and its use of natural gas has surely been growing .
THE NEW GODZILLA MOVIE - " GLOBAL WARMING VS GAS DEPLETION "
The past winter was the warmest on record .
But just how warm is not commonly known .
The dark red patches in North America in the below graph are 4 - 13 Degrees C above the historical average - needless to say , less people needed natural gas for heat ( except in Russia - where they had the opposite trend in January )
Click to enlarge .
( Source - James Hansen NASA 2006 )
The warm temperatures contributed to much less demand for heating not only in the dead of winter , but in the spring as well .
April , May and Jun 2006 each saw less natural gas usage than any equivalent month for the last 33 years .
So far through 2 quarters in 2006 , residential customers have used 12 % less natural gas than 2005 .
BACK TO THE FUTURE (S ) - WHAT A DIFFERENCE A YEAR MAKES
Click to enlarge .
The pink line represents what the futures strip looked like in September 2005 .
The blue line represents the futures strip on Friday .
( Notice , we are missing 12 months of pink line at the end because last year 60 months only brought us to 2010 and we are missing 12 months of blue line at the front because fridays futures are only looking forward , not backward )
What we see here is that the front month , which at one time was over $ 15 is now at around $ 4.50 , an historic drop .
However , a year or so out there has been a much smaller drop and at the end of the futures strip ( 2011 ) prices are actually slightly higher than they were a year ago .
We also can see that winter months command higher prices , due to higher chances of shortages when natural gas usage is highest .
Also , the shape of the winter ' hump ' , though at lower levels , is similar to a year ago .
We also notice that currently all winters in the future are roughly priced the same , whereas a year ago , the nearer the winter , the higher the price .
WHAT A DIFFERENCE A MONTH MAKES
Click to enlarge .
What does this graph tell us ?
First of all , near month futures have dropped like a stone since August - from near $ 8 to $ 4.50ish .
Also , the winter - summer premium has declined , not only in this coming winter ( where supposedly Amaranth had their calendar spreads ) , but in all subsequent winters .
Either there was some major hedge fund activity , or some energy traders talked to Al Gore .
Curiously , in the face of this steep decline , back dated futures actually went up ( the blue is higher than the brown in 2011 )
WHAT A DIFFERENCE A WEEK MAKES
Click to enlarge .
Here we can see that in all years except for 2006 , the majority of the winter - summer premium collapse of the last month came in the last week .
( compare the brown - blue vs red - blue in the two graphs ) .
However , this winters price differential had already collapsed , presumably earlier in the month , from about a $ 2.50 premium over spring to about $ 1 .
If we believe the media reports of Amaranth losing $ 6 billion , how could they do that in natural gas calendar spreads ?
First of all , each natural gas futures contract is 10,000 million BTUs or 10 million cubic feet of gas - this means for each 1 point movement in price , the contract value changes by $ 10,000 .
So to lose $ 6B , one would have to have on 400,000 contracts if there was a $ 1.50 loss .
However , the entire open interest of all the 2006 - 7 winter months is about 260,000 contracts and the entire open interest of every contract thru 2011 is 960,000 contracts .
So either Amaranth had off balance sheet exposure ( derivatives ) , they had things other than calendar spreads on ( the actual front month contract declined almost $ 4 ) , or something else was afoot .
Incidentally , if they did have 400,000 contracts , that would represent 4 trillion cubic feet , or about 20 % of US annual natural gas consumption .
Boy do energy and dollars make strange bedfellows ...
AND FOR SOME PERSPECTIVE
Keep in mind that despite the dramatic fall in natural gas prices in the past year , when we compare the current futures strip to what it looked like 5 years ago , we see a ) current prices are still much higher that they used to be and b ) the winter ' humps ' , though still existent 5 years ago , were much smaller .
Click to enlarge .
CONCLUSIONS
We currently have a glut of natural gas .
As scary as the future supply situation is , the fact is that even with a cold winter supplies will be adequate .
Could another warm winter ( it is an el Nino year ) combined with no increase in storage capacity result in actual flaring of gas ?
Producers would n't allow this to happen of course , as at SOME price they will shut - in production and stop drilling new wells .
In fact , today Baker Hughes announced their new weekly rig count , and the Canadians , always quick to reduce drilling on commodity price drops , had a 22 % drop in rigs from last week .
High prices gave us demand destruction .
Low prices give us supply destruction .
Low prices , while currently pleasant , send the wrong long term signal to the alternative energy markets ( like wind , tidal , solar , etc ) .
Energy price volatility ( in both directions ) interrupts progress being made replacing fossil fuels with renewables .
Low natural gas prices remove the motivation of utility providers to invest in alternatives .
Low prices also prevent wind and solar entrepreneurs from being cost competitive , until the signal is too late .
Furthermore , continued volatility will hamstring policymakers .
A warm winter and everything is fine and a cold winter and people freeze in Michigan .
As James Schlesinger , our nations first energy secretary said about energy " We have only two modes -- complacency and panic . "
I can think of a third mode - schizophrenia due to alternating years of complacency and panic .
Towards this end , and this applies to crude oil as well , the ease with which the wall street crowd can impact the price of a commodity that is so ubiquitous in making our system work , combined with growing knowledge that fossil fuels are a one time subsidy given to humanity and are depleting rapidly , should alert policymakers to the importance of making immediate changes to current energy policy .
In addition to position limits for non-users or hedgers of energy , we should create a floor price for oil and gas , so that financial market - led volatility or intermittent gluts of product do not derail the development of alternative forms of electricity and liquid fuels .
The achilles heel of the big two fossil fuels in their use in our world , is the time it takes to replace them .
The natural gas market , in its current price dichotomy , is a prime example of the high standard deviation potential in our current system .
Heads everything is rosy .
Tails there are power outages .
I have no idea whether it will be cold this winter .
* Note - Thanks to Art Smith of John S Herold and Co. , Joann Arena at the New York Mercantile Exchange , Neal Elliot at ACEEE , and John Rowan at Johnson Rice for data that was used in this post .
