Shares
This is not an easy blog to write .
Doctors Novella and Gorski want the entries to be formal , academic , referenced , with a minimum of snark .
For the most part I comply .
But sometimes .
Sometimes .
It is hard , so hard , not to spiral into sarcastic diatribes over the writings that pass for information on the interwebs .
How should one respond to profound ignorance and misinformation ?
I wish , sometimes , that I could be an irascible computer as well .
What brings on this particular bit of angst is a bit of whimsy on the Internet called “ 9 Questions That Stump Every Pro-Vaccine Advocate and Their Claims . ” by David Mihalovic , ND .
Mr. Mihalovic identifies himself as “ a naturopathic medical doctor who specializes in vaccine research . ”
However , just where the research is published is uncertain as his name yields no publications on Pubmed .
BTW .
I specialize in beer research .
Same credentials .
The nine questions show up frequently on the interwebs , similar to questions on what to ask when you want to stump an evolutionist .
Similar to the supposed stumpers for evolution , the vaccine questions are grounded in misinformation , ignorance or laziness .
Let ’s go through them one at a time .
1 . Could you please provide one double - blind , placebo - controlled study that can prove the safety and effectiveness of vaccines ?
One trial ?
It took me 55 seconds to find “ Efficacy of 23 - valent pneumococcal vaccine in preventing pneumonia and improving survival in nursing home residents : double blind , randomised and placebo controlled trial ” and that included time to boot the browser and mis-spell the search terms .
‘ Vaccine ’ , ‘ efficacy ’ , ‘ randomized ’ and ‘ placebo control trial ’ results in 416 Pubmed references ; add ‘ safety ’ to the search terms , you get 126 returns .
416 is easily more than one .
Of course , to find them you have to look .
Of course , I am a highly educated adult who constantly searches the web for medical information .
For hoots and giggles , I asked my 12 year old son , whose passions are basketball and filming comedy videos , to find me a reference that met the same criteria and I timed him .
Twenty two seconds , not including boot time , to find “ Randomized , Placebo - Controlled Trial of Inactivated Poliovirus Vaccine in Cuba ” from the NEJM .
Can anyone beat my son ?
12 yo one , Mihalovic 0 .
Served .
As long as we are on the topic , since he evidently place great store in science , could Mihalovic please provide one double - blind , placebo - controlled study that can prove the safety and effectiveness of naturopathy ?
I would be happy at this point to know just to know he was able to do a pubmed search correctly just to make me look the fool .
2 . Could you please provide scientific evidence on ANY study which can confirm the long - term safety and effectiveness of vaccines ?
Long term is vague .
What is long term ?
Smallpox disappeared in 1977 thanks to the vaccine .
I have not seem a case of smallpox in my medical career , which now on it ’s 31st year .
No reported long term toxicities of the smallpox vaccine and the eradication of smallpox appears to me to represent reasonable evidence for long term safety and effectiveness .
But it would .
No vaccine has 100 % efficacy , and whether infected naturally or by a vaccine , immunity wanes with time .
In earlier times , people would have their immunity boosted by exposure to disease and maintain their antibody levels .
It is not the initial infection that leads to better immunity from natural infections , as posited by some antivaccine people , but the the fact that people were constantly re-exposed to wild type disease .
It is interesting what is occurring with shingles .
Everyone used to get chickenpox as a child , and then , as they raised their kids and grand kids , were re-exposed to the virus and boosted their immunity .
Currently , due to the chickenpox vaccine and a change in the way children are raised , older adults are not getting exposed naturally to chickenpox , immunity is waning , and there is an increase in shingles in older adults .
Part of why they need the zoster vaccine .
Clever conspiracy to increase the use of the zoster vaccine , huh ?
Unless exposed to new infection , immunity , as measured by antibody levels directed against the infecting agent , can decline over time .
That is to be expected .
The nice thing about the immune system , unlike water , is that it remembers the infection .
It is primed so that if exposed again at a later date , it can almost instantly produce large amounts of antibody to nip an infection in the bud .
So rather than prevent infection , in some people far removed in time from the vaccine , they may instead have a shorter , less severe illness and be infectious for a shorter period of time , thereby decreasing spread .
There is a nice review in the NEJM on duration of immunity ( first search in Pubmed using duration of immunity vaccine , results in 17 seconds , including correcting typos .
Seriously , just how hard is it to find this information ?
As would be expected , it depends on the disease and the vaccine ( live better than killed ) .
They estimated the half - life for the varicella zoster virus immunity at 50 years , 200 years for measles and mumps , and 11 years for tetanus .
If you peruse the references , you can find other studies that show variable but sustained response to vaccines , for example 90 % maintain immunity to smallpox up to 75 years after vaccination .
Long term safety was more difficult , 5 years was the limit of time I could find for safety studies of Hepatits B .
Most vaccine toxicities are found in the first week or two after the inoculation and the studies follow most patients for a year .
Probably would not cut it as long term for Mihalovic .
BTW , could you please provide scientific evidence on ANY study which can confirm the long - term safety and effectiveness of naturopathy ?
3 . Could you please provide scientific evidence which can prove that disease reduction in any part of the world , at any point in history was attributable to inoculation of populations ?
Smallpox ?
Smallpox ?
Smallpox ?
Anyone ?
Smallpox ?
Buehler ?
Buehler ?
Again I get back to the whole binary , black and white approach that characterizes many with whom we cross medical swords .
The decrease in infectious diseases has been multifactorial , due to improved nutrition , improved hygienic ( lets hear it for the flush toilet ) and understanding the epidemiology of diseases .
Knowing how a disease is spread has always been critical in decreasing its spread .
Note that none , none , none of the interventions that have decreased the spread of infections in the last 200 years or so have come from naturopathic tradition .
The teasing out the effects of vaccines on populations is always fraught with potential controversy .
There are always multiple confounders .
The best example of the beneficial effects of vaccines was from JAMA .
“ Objective To compare morbidity and mortality before and after widespread implementation of national vaccine recommendations for 13 vaccine - preventable diseases for which recommendations were in place prior to 2005 .
Design , Setting , and Participants For the United States , prevaccine baselines were assessed based on representative historical data from primary sources and were compared to the most recent morbidity ( 2006 ) and mortality ( 2004 ) data for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus , poliomyelitis , measles , mumps , rubella ( including congenital rubella syndrome ) , invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b ( Hib ) , acute hepatitis B , hepatitis A , varicella , Streptococcus pneumoniae , and smallpox .
Main Outcome Measures Number of cases , deaths , and hospitalizations for 13 vaccine - preventable diseases .
Estimates of the percent reductions from baseline to recent were made without adjustment for factors that could affect vaccine - preventable disease morbidity , mortality , or reporting .
Results
A greater than 92 % decline in cases and a 99 % or greater decline in deaths due to diseases prevented by vaccines recommended before 1980 were shown for diphtheria , mumps , pertussis , and tetanus .
Endemic transmission of poliovirus and measles and rubella viruses has been eliminated in the United States ; smallpox has been eradicated worldwide .
Declines were 80 % or greater for cases and deaths of most vaccine - preventable diseases targeted since 1980 including hepatitis A , acute hepatitis B , Hib , and varicella .
Declines in cases and deaths of invasive S pneumoniae were 34 % and 25 % , respectively . ”
Milhalovic , could you please provide scientific evidence which can prove that disease reduction in any part of the world , at any point in history was attributable to naturopathy ?
4 . Could you please explain how the safety and mechanism of vaccines in the human body are scientifically proven if their pharmacokinetics ( the study of bodily absorption , distribution , metabolism and excretion of ingredients ) are never examined or analyzed in any vaccine study ?
There is , superficially , some truth in this statement .
Most pharmacokinetics are done prior to the clinical efficacy trials .
That is why there are phase 1 and phase 2 trials .
The assumption being that if you exam influenza vaccine pharmacokinetic studies in one group it can be extrapolated to similar populations .
I think that is reasonable .
So no , there are no pharmacokinetic studies in the clinical efficacy trials , those were done prior to the efficacy trials .
But it is not hard to find the phase 1 and 2 trials if you are so moved .
Milhalovic , could you please explain how the safety and mechanism of naturopathic nostrums in the human body are scientifically proven if their pharmacokinetics ( the study of bodily absorption , distribution , metabolism and excretion of ingredients ) are never examined or analyzed in any naturopathic nostrum study ?
Is this getting old ?
There is something to be said for repetition .
5 . Could you please provide scientific justification as to how injecting a human being with a confirmed neurotoxin is beneficial to human health and prevents disease ?
I presume the issue is mercury .
Maybe aluminum .
The latter is not in most vaccines , although as been discussed at length on this blog , the amount of mercury and aluminum found in vaccines is minimal and , at the dosing and formulation , has never been demonstrated to cause neurotoxicity from vaccines .
Of course , I am old school and think there is a dose response effect of drugs , and that a greater amount leads to a greater response .
Most naturopaths receive extensive training in homeopathy , where the less the amount , the greater the response .
So I would presume arguments based on chemistry would have little meaning to an ND , although I would not want my appletini made by a practitioner of homeopathy .
Of course , it is not the ‘ neurotoxin ’ that is being used to prevent disease , but the antigens of the potential infection .
That is assuming that the author of the nine questions does not consider the antigens to be neurotoxins , and to judge from his understanding of disease later in the post , I am not so certain he warrants the benefit of the doubt .
Could you please provide scientific justification as to how applying naturopathy to a human being is beneficial to human health and prevents disease ?
6 . Can you provide a risk / benefit profile on how the benefits of injecting a known neurotoxin exceeds its risks to human health for the intended goal of preventing disease ?
Since there is no longer mercury in most vaccines , I will assume , for the sake of argument , he is referring to aluminum .
Risk from aluminum in the H. influenza type b vaccine , where aluminium is used as a adjuvant : zero .
The benefit from the vaccine :
“ From eight trials , the protective efficacy of the Hib conjugate vaccine was 84 % ( OR 0.16 ; 95 %CI 0.08 - 0.30 ) against invasive Hib disease , 75 % ( OR 0.25 ; 95 %CI 0.08 - 0.84 ) against meningitis , and 69 % ( OR 0.31 ; 95 %CI 0.10 - 0.97 ) against pneumonia .
Serious adverse events were rare . ”
Seems a good trade off .
No risk from aluminum , significant decrease in morbidity and mortality from disease .
7 . Could you please provide scientific justification on how bypassing the respiratory tract ( or mucous membrane ) is advantageous and how directly injecting viruses into the bloodstream enhances immune functioning and prevents future infections ?
Well , things really get off the rails here .
Vaccines are not injected into the blood stream , they are infected into the soft tissues .
At a simple level , an infection enters to body , the body makes a variety of antibodies to the constituent parts of the infecting organism and next time the patient is exposed , the pre-existing antibody can , if there is a match with new strain , inactivate the new infection .
It does n’t matter how the antigen is presented to the immune system , the response is the same .
Natural influenza , inhaled influenza vaccine , or injected influenza vaccine , the same antibody will be made to the proteins .
Mihalovic says later
“ All promoters of vaccination fail to realize that the respiratory tract of humans ( actually all mammals ) contains antibodies which initiates natural immune responses within the respiratory tract mucosa .
Bypassing this mucosal aspect of the immune system by directly injecting viruses into the bloodstream leads to a corruption in the immune system itself .
As a result , the pathogenic viruses or bacteria cannot be eliminated by the immune system and remain in the body , where they will further grow and / or mutate as the individual is exposed to ever more antigens and toxins in the environment which continue to assault the immune system . ”
This is what we call in the trade , gibberish .
At least it makes no sense to me .
I will leave to the readers to search , Bible Code style , for truthiness in the above selection .
8 . Could you please provide scientific justification on how a vaccine would prevent viruses from mutating ?
That is actually a very interesting question .
It has nothing to do with why we give vaccines and I fear our intrepid ND does not have a firm grasp on what he is talking about as he says
“ Despite the injection of any type of vaccine , viruses continue circulating through the body , mutating and transforming into other organisms .
The ability of a vaccine manufacturer to target the exact viral strain without knowing its mutagenic properties is equivalent to shooting a gun at a fixed target that has already been moved from its location .
You would be shooting at what was , not what is ! ”
Mutating and transforming into other organisms .
Sigh .
Either the author is a sloppy writer ( sloppy writing ( not typos , but logic and word selection ) reflects a sloppy mind ) or his understanding of microbiology is so profoundly mistaken it boggles the mind that he takes care of patients .
And in Oregon he would allowed by the state to prescribe antibiotics and other pharmaceuticals .
If you have a population of viruses and a specific antibody against the virus , then those naturally occurring mutants that are not recognized by the antibody should have a replication advantage .
It is possible that the vaccine can help select for new strains of an infection , but not new organisms .
Vaccines selecting for new mutants has been looked at for the Hepatitis B vaccine , and found not to be a issue .
In HIV , there is an ongoing interaction between the immune response and the virus , driving mutations that escape the immune system and , in some patients leads to a marked increase in HIV replication and a clinical decline decline .
Oh wait , this is a natural infection .
That should n’t happen .
It is the vaccines that do this .
There is nothing unique about the vaccine response acting as environmental pressure on the evolution of infections ; the response from the natural infections should be the same .
I would wonder , since the response to a natural infection is broader , with antibodies made to numerous parts of the infection , rather than the few key antibodies provided by the response to the vaccine , whether a natural infection would lead to a faster mutation rate .
As a rule in the microbial world , the more intense the stress , the faster and more varied the mutations .
More antibiotics leads to faster development of resistance in E. coli , not its delay .
9 . Could you please provide scientific justification as to how a vaccination can target a virus in an infected individual who does not have the exact viral configuration or strain the vaccine was developed for ?
Mr. Black and White .
Antibody response is not all or nothing , there is a gradient of response between the developed antibody and the site to which it is directed .
A good example is the H1N1 influenza .
People exposed to the strains from the first half of the century had antibody that was partially protective for the 2009 strain .
The reason ?
“ The pandemic influenza virus ( 2009 H1N1 ) was recently introduced into the human population .
The hemagglutinin ( HA ) gene of 2009 H1N1 is derived from “ classical swine H1N1 ″ virus , which likely shares a common ancestor with the human H1N1 virus that caused the pandemic in 1918 , whose descendant viruses are still circulating in the human population with highly altered antigenicity of HA .
However , information on the structural basis to compare the HA antigenicity among 2009 H1N1 , the 1918 pandemic , and seasonal human H1N1 viruses has been lacking .
By homology modeling of the HA structure , here we show that HAs of 2009 H1N1 and the 1918 pandemic virus share a significant number of amino acid residues in known antigenic sites , suggesting the existence of common epitopes for neutralizing antibodies cross-reactive to both HAs .
It was noted that the early human H1N1 viruses isolated in the 1930s - 1940s still harbored some of the original epitopes that are also found in 2009 H1N1 .
Interestingly , while 2009 H1N1 HA lacks the multiple N - glycosylations that have been found to be associated with an antigenic change of the human H1N1 virus during the early epidemic of this virus , 2009 H1N1 HA still retains unique three - codon motifs , some of which became N - glycosylation sites via a single nucleotide mutation in the human H1N1 virus .
We thus hypothesize that the 2009 H1N1 HA antigenic sites involving the conserved amino acids will soon be targeted by antibody - mediated selection pressure in humans .
Indeed , amino acid substitutions predicted here are occurring in the recent 2009 H1N1 variants .
The present study suggests that antibodies elicited by natural infection with the 1918 pandemic or its early descendant viruses play a role in specific immunity against 2009 H1N1 , and provides an insight into future likely antigenic changes in the evolutionary process of 2009 H1N1 in the human population . ”
Oops .
Not simple .
But the result ?
“ Over 75 % of confirmed cases of novel H1N1 occurred in persons < or = 30 years old , with peak incidence in the age range 10 - 19 years .
Less than 3 % of cases occurred in persons over 65 , with a gradation in incidence between ages 20 and 60 years .
The sequence data indicates that novel H1N1 is most similar to H1N1 viruses that circulated before 1943 .
Novel H1N1 lacks glycosylation sites on the globular head of hemagglutinin ( HA1 ) near antigenic regions , a pattern shared with the 1918 pandemic strain and H1N1 viruses that circulated until the early 1940s .
Later H1N1 viruses progressively added new glycosylation sites likely to shield antigenic epitopes , while T - cell epitopes were relatively unchanged .
CONCLUSIONS :
In this evolutionary context , Original Antigenic Sin exposure should produce an immune response increasingly mismatched to novel H1N1 in progressively younger persons .
We suggest that it is this mismatch that produces both the gradation in susceptibility and the unusual toxicity ”
The better the antibdy fit for the epitope ( where the antibody binds ) the better the effect , but it does n’t have to be all or nothing .
Mihalovic would probably ask , what good is half an eye , why have half a wing , or half a brain ?
He finishes ,
“ I have never encountered one pro-vaccine advocate , whether medically or scientifically qualified , who could answer even 1 let alone all 9 of these questions .
One or all of the following will happen when debating any of the above questions : –
They will concede defeat and admit they are stumped .
–
They will attempt to discredit unrelated issues that do not pertain to the question .
–
They will formulate their response and rebuttal based on historical arguments and scientific studies which have been disproved over and over again .
Not one pro-vaccine advocate will ever directly address these questions in an open mainstream venue . ”
I am neither stumped not defeated .
I know how to search Pubmed for medical information .
My response directed specifically to the questions .
My arguments are based on modern studies that a 12 year old can find in less than a minute , none of which have been disproved once , much less over and over .
SBM is an open mainstream venue .
I do feel like I just had won Jeopardy playing against Prof. R.J. Gumby ; where is the honor in that ?
And people wonder why I question the wisdom of allowing naturopaths to function as primary care providers .
ADDENDUM FROM THE EDITOR : Medical Voices has responded to this post by e-mail .
We have published our response here .
Hollywood will look for inspiration anywhere but a Twitter account being turned into a television show might just be a first .
American television network CBS has announced it has given the green light to a show based on the popular Twitter account @shitmydadsays .
William Shatner to play feisty father .
Credit : Getty
The premise for the Twitter feed is simple , a twenty - something guy moved in with his outspoken elderly father and started tweeting the 74 - year - old 's ribald wisdom and comments .
Examples include :
" I did n't say you were ugly .
I said your girlfriend is better looking than you , and standing next to her , you look ugly . "
Most constructions in China only have life span of 25 - 30 years ?
From SouFun :
Mortgage slaves work hard for half of their lives and save up for the down payment , then work hard for the rest of their lives to pay off the loan .
Finally when they can relax and live as home owners , they never have thought that when the mortgage salves are not yet old , the homes are already old , not only old , but also rotted , most of them become the subject for demolition .
This is the reality of what currently more than 100 million Chinese mortgage slaves had to face .
According to Deputy Minister of Construction Qiu Baoxin ( 仇保兴 ) at the Sixth International Green building and Energy Conservation General Assembly , China has the most new buildings in the world in each year , the newly constructed area in each year is about 2 billion square meters , equivalent to 40 % of the world consumption o f cement and steel , however they can only last 25 - 30 years .
What a concept , Most of the constructions in China only have the life span of 25 - 30 years , after 30 years they will become a pile of garbage or dangerous building or subject of urban renewal and transformation .
Normally the loan for a home is 20 - 30 years , before you can finish paying the loan your home is already exhausted , what tragedy it is ?
Working hard for your whole life for the government , banks and developers , in then end your youth is gone , money has been lost and home will be destroyed .
If what Minister Qiu said is true , then it is no doubt a great tragedy for all the mortgage slaves .
Whether what Minister Qiu said is true , we are unclear from a national perspective , however looking at Shenzhen perhaps what Qiu said is too modest .
Buildings in Shenzhen seem to have even lower average life expectancy , less than 20 years .
Taking Huatai residential district and Jianye residential district in Futian District as examples , built in the 90s , less than 20 years old , but these buildings ’ lives are coming to an end and are subjected to be rebuilt .
In a general review of the constructions in Shenzhen , how many buildings over 20 years of age still remain strong and bright ?
Especially the residential and civil constructions are in an even more worrying situation .
Of course most of the buildings over 30 years of age have been included in the Shenzhen Museum , became the antiques of Shenzhen .
And right now , Shenzhen ’s constructions are far ahead of China ’s inland cities , but even so , 20 - 30 years is the end of the buildings ’ lives , is Shenzhen becoming the city that has a shorter building lifespan ?
Reclamation District ’s tragedy : buildings are sinking , a sinking Manhattan ?
If was n’t for the media exposure , many people still yearn for the life facing the ocean in the reclamation district in Shenzhen .
Now less than 10 years of land filling , many high - rises one after another stood tall in the reclamation district .
Even though they are enjoying every beautiful day like the spring , the foundations are unstable , some are even in danger of collages .
Would you continue to yearn for the life by the ocean there ?
The ocean sway towards you , the land underneath is also swaying .
The root cause of foundations built on in Baoan District subsided has to do with the problem with foundation of reclamation district being unstable , but after 10 years , the reclamation district still has such risk .
Even in Hong Kong , the reclamation area was rebuilt by the government after 20 years of sinking .
In the central area of Baoan , constrictions on the landfill is less than 10 years , in the Back Bay is less than 8 years , if start building in the Front Bay also , the time is even less .
This kind of foundation , is it not worrisome ?
Are we building a sinking Manhattan ?
The foundation of central area of Baoan is sinking ; its value is sinking , how long until the Back Bay sinks too ?
***
It this really true ?
See the article from China Daily on this issue .
However someone was skeptical about this claim and posted his argument on KDNet translated by ESWN .
Could Qiu Baoxing really have said that ?
On March 30 , the Economic Observer website reported on Qiu Baoxing ’s speech at the Sixth International Green Building and Energy Conservation Conference :
[ in translation ] Qiu Baoxing said that China is the country which constructs the largest number of new buildings per year in the world , accounting for about 40 % of all new construction and thus using up 40 % of the cement and steel in the world .
" This is due to the rapid construction during the rapid urbanization of our country .
This process will last for another 25 to 30 years .
For this reason , all new construction must adhere to the 50 % energy conservation standard . "
You can imagine for yourself .
If the English - language report was correct in that Chinese buildings have an average lifespan of 30 years , then many of the buildings that were constructed in 1980 or before must be basically gone ?
While some of those buildings have been torn down and rebuilt , they are only a small proportion .
It is mostly the very old buildings that are being torn down in the cities for rebuilding .
The quality of housing construction in China leaves a lot to be desired , and housing prices are indeed ridiculously high .
But most of the houses in China should last more than 30 years .
I understand that what I am saying here may upset certain people .
Therefore I gave careful consideration , but I thought that I have to say this !
We supervise / monitor our government and we hold them accountable because it is our right to do so .
But our criticisms ought to be based upon a credible , reasonable and factual basis .
Otherwise , this is just going to give certain people the excuse to restrict freedom of speech on the Internet !
See complete translation on ESWN .
Subject : [ ANN ] phuby 1.0.0 Released
From : Aaron Patterson < aaron@ n r v a n c >
Date : Fri , 2 Apr 2010 01:18:47 +0900
--mYCpIKhGyMATD0i + Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us - ascii Content - Disposition : inline Content - Transfer - Encoding : quoted - printable THIS IS NOT A JOKE .
I AM VERY SERIOUSLY RELEASING PHUBY .
Phuby embeds a PHP runtime inside a Ruby runtime .
This gem will let rails scale by allowing you to run PHP applications inside your rails applications .
To see it in action , check out these youtube videos : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DlsWKjS6Vufw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DMXERy8Y2eVo I ENCOURAGE YOU TO NEVER EVER EVER INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE .
Not only is it difficult to install , but your computer might implode from the sheer awesomeness of being able to use PHP inside your ruby applications .
Just think how awesome an embedded PHP interpreter would be .
I know most of you ( like me ) are coding Ruby day in and day out thinking " if only I were programming in PHP , this would be much easier " .
Well , ( * if * you 're brave enough ) now you can !
Anyway .
You can check out the codes here : http://github.com/tenderlove/phuby
Below is the README with installation instructions .
Remember that these instructions are not for the faint of heart .
I forgot to add this to the README , but the last step is sacrificing one chicken .
# phuby * http://github.com/tenderlove/phuby
## DESCRIPTION : Phuby wraps PHP in a loving embrace .
Exposes a PHP runtime in ruby ## FEATURES / PROBLEMS : * many ## SYNOPSIS : rt =3D Phuby :: Runtime.new rt.start rt.eval ( '$ hello =3D " world " ' ) assert_equal " world " , rt [ ' hello ' ] rt.stop ## REQUIREMENTS : * php ## BUILD INSTRUCTIONS : * Download php -5.3.0
The following instructions apply to OS X ( probably not needed on linux ) : DO NOT change the prefix ...
No , I do n't know why yet .
### Install iconv with macports $ sudo port install iconv ### Install MySQL with macports $ sudo port install mysql5 mysql5 - server
Set some symbolic links : $ cd /opt/ local $ sudo ln -s mysql5 / mysql include / mysql $ sudo ln -s mysql5/mysql/libmysqlclient.15.dylib lib/libmysqlclient.dylib
### Patch and configure php
If you 're on OS X , apply php.patch to the downloaded php .
Then configure php with the proper flags .
These paths are for OS X , but you should be able to adjust them for linux : $ patch - p0 < ../ path/to/php.patch $ ./ configure --enable - debug \ --enable -embed \ -- disable-cli \ --with-mysql=3D/opt/local \ --with-mysqli=3D/opt/local/lib/mysql5/bin/mysql_config
\ --with-mysql-sock=3D/opt/local/var/run/mysql5/mysqld.sock \ -- prefix=3D/usr / local $ make && sudo make install
Then , either install the gem , or rake test ## INSTALL : * No. --=20 Aaron Patterson http://tenderlovemaking.com/
--mYCpIKhGyMATD0i + Content - Type : application / pgp-signature Content - Disposition : inline -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.10 ( Darwin ) iQEcBAEBAgAGBQJLtMdeAAoJEJUxcLy0/6/GOsQH/jySDaA9lzE4Xd/K5G8RRQyI Zn7 jBmXorWVEZ4 bRM8
NufZicjHLEwhC9BEAHAO/UZeIerrP4twt4GM3y3v+Yc+3X DTY1uOTEHngkIZyx0xayRskogEJDp1OaMgCDXVv2L54QopHO3hXar95gQEQs09
Up
NA8u5 jafzI+MpjmD2nx7RzI2hAfZuib3MmYCznz3gibk5vLD1OL32zVXsqWVhlh7 cRDwL97NXdP/6iws6rtZwna8MAbGYQLuPw8bpymTIxxOAid/3hx6n+4cZpPj7O08 q1kUTR59ylyT0N7G1fdMruhk8TFf0stBvWqt1FZnne1tmmhRB2BJ6Midhjd3Pqo= =837h -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --mYCpIKhGyMATD0i+--
Reader Corey relays his explosive tale , filled with luxury coupes , detonating phones and chemicals in the eye .
Advertisement
I have ( had ) a Samsung Rogue cell phone with Verizon .
I was leaving the gym and had the phone in my pocket .
As I sat down in the driver 's seat of my car , the phone fell in between the seat and the center console .
( Is n't that the worst ! )
After unsuccessfully trying to retrieve it by the tips of my fingers , I got out of the car and moved my seat up .
( Infiniti G35 Coupe )
The reason for giving you the make of the car is that the seats automatically slide forward when lifting the lever .
So here I am , torso in the rear seat 's foot space , trying to see my phone , when I begin to hear a creaking .
I look closer underneath the seat and my phone explodes in my eyes , and my face .
I immediately ran to the gym window , banging on it to get someone to let me in , and sprinted to the bathroom to rinse my eyes .
Black crumbs and remnants of what I thought was the screen bursting streamed out of my eyes the 20 minutes I was rinsing it .
The burning sensation in my eyes receded slightly , but I was still afraid of what chemicals could be eating away that I could n't rinse .
My roommate pulled the phone out from underneath the seat and could n't believe what he saw .
" No way dude . " I have a few pictures attached .
Advertisement
After rushing to the hospital and getting rinsed out , checked for scratches on the eye , and being prescribed antibiotics I 'm feeling much better .
I thought I was going to be blind for the rest of my life .
This was a very scary experience and I still have the phone .
I took it to Verizon today to see what they could do about it .
I have insurance on it but obviously do n't want a phone that can basically be a bomb .
The associate there proceeded to take pictures of it and showed it to every other employee in there .
" I 've never seen this before in my life . "
I 'm just happy to have my vision .
Fortunate really .
After telling my friend that , he said one thing no one else said , " Regardless of your seat sliding slowly into it , the phone should not turn into a bomb . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Corey then follows up with Verizon , who took the cheap way out .
I spoke with Verizon / Samsung yesterday .
Verizon at first tried to give me a refurbished phone as a replacement .
After having problems putting that phone in the system under my account I asked them , " So is this what you guys do when a phone malfunctions or blows up , give them a refurbished one ? "
He then said that 's why he 's getting me a new one .
( Crappy one by the way )
Advertisement
But logically , this is a Samsung problem , not a Verizon problem , since Samsung made the phone .
But Corey had even less luck there .
Just as an update , the Samsung rep has yet to return my call .
I called him back after he spoke to me on Monday , he gave me his email to send the pics , the email did n't go through , and he still has n't called me back .
This situation is super :/
My eyes have been irritated the last couple of days and I 'll be seeing an Ophthalmologist Friday .
Advertisement
At the very least , Samsung , you should reimburse the guy for his medical bills ( it does n't seem like much ) and provide him with a new phone .
A better one , even , like the Samsung Moment , that just got Android 2.1 .
In any case , like his friend says , a phone should not turn into a bomb ... ever .
From what it looks like , it 's the battery — the most volatile part of the phone — that exploded .
Samsung Moment Users : You 're Finally Getting Android 2.1 !
Celebrate !
The wait for Android 2.1 is finally over for Samsung Moment users , but the rest of you — such as… Read more
Over 130,000 MarijuanaDoctors.com Patients Suffer from Chronic Pain
Chronic pain is one of the most common complaints from patients in the USA .
In fact , over 130,000 of our patients sought a medical marijuana card in order to get some relief from chronic pain .
Statistically speaking , one out of every five people you meet suffer from chronic pain .
Do you ?
Learn how medical marijuana can help you with your pain , no matter what is causing it !
This article is from the archive of our partner .
When Texas third - grader Leighann Adair was slapped with a week 's detention for possessing a single Jolly Rancher candy , the ten - year - old girl unwittingly brought national attention on the state 's rule forbidding candy from schools .
What happened ?
Why The School Did It KHOU News ' Gabe Gutierrez reports , " School officials in Brazos County are defending the seemingly harsh sentence .
The school ’s principal and superintendent said they were simply complying with a state law that limits junk food in schools .
Jack Ellis , the superintendent for Brazos Independent School District , declined an on -camera interview .
But he said the school was abiding by a state guideline that banned ' minimal nutrition ' foods .
' Whether or not I agree with the guidelines , we have to follow the rules , ' he said . "
' Just Ridiculous ' Opposing Views ' Mark Berman writes , " If you ask school officials in Brazos County , they will tell you they ... have no choice .
They will tell you if they do n't follow these guidelines set down by the Texas Department of Agriculture , they risk losing federal funding .
But if you ask any rational person in the universe , you 're likely to get the same reaction that Leighann 's mother had .
' I think it ’s stupid to give a kid a week ’s worth of detention for a piece of candy , ' said Amber Brazda .
' The whole thing was just ridiculous to me . ' "
State Officials Balk Fox News ' Katie Landan says the school might be wrong to insist they 're just following rules .
There 's nothing in the rules that compels a school to punish a student for possessing junk food , says Texas Department of Agriculture spokesman Bryan Black .
The department sent a letter to the school reminding staff that state policy does n’t outline such punishments .
" Our policy does not prohibit from sharing a Jolly Rancher with a friend , " Black told FOXNews.com .
" If a parent wants to pack candy , it 's their decision , not against school policy .
A parent needs to decide what a student eats . "
Though the state has dietary rules for schools -- mandating , for example , that food be baked , not fried -- disciplinary action is a local decision , Black told FOXNews.com .
And Leighann 's parents say the local decision routinely goes too far .
" The school has a history of harsh punishments , " Michael Brazda told FoxNews.com .
" It 's about time someone called them out on it . "
This Is Called ' Malicious Compliance ' Liberal blogger MisterMix explains , " [ The school principal ] clearly does n’t agree with the guidelines , so he decided to make a 10 year - old girl miserable to prove his point .
I learned the term ' malicious compliance ' from a friend who worked in a Fortune 500 company .
Mid -level managers who are butthurt over some new policy will often apply it in the most obtuse manner imaginable , with the aim of undermining the goals of company leadership .
In the business world , malicious compliance gets managers fired . "
Still Better Than Some School Meals Reason 's Katherine Mangu - Ward points out that " lunches provided by the school can be far worse than a little piece of hard candy . "
She provides this Reason video for explanation .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
So now we ’re apparently in a Google versus Apple fight to the death .
Google open - sources VP8 ( now WebM ) , and Steve Jobs immediately throws cold water on it .
Apple got their share of scorn at Google ’s I /O conference .
Google thinks they have mobile / cloud / desktop integration nailed–and if what they demo ’d last week actually works in FroYo ( Android 2.2 ) , they probably do .
But the notion that this is a “ fight to the death ” is a bit bizarre , even though it ’s been portrayed that way , and by none other than Steve Jobs , who earlier this year said that Google is out to kill the iPhone .
If it is a battle , the terms are uneven .
My own disclosures : I ’m definitely a Google fan .
And I ’m also an iPad-equipped Apple fan , though I am also very unhappy with the closedness of the Apple platform , and the way they treat their developers .
But they make beautiful hardware , and they really understand “ it just works . ”
Vic Gundotra nailed it in his second keynote at Google I/O .
When he was starting at Google , he asked Andy Rubin why Android was important ; why did the world need one more mobile platform ?
Andy ’s answer was that Google had a very dismal future if they did n’t address
mobile ; we ’d end up with one platform , controlled by one vendor , and one carrier .
It was a wise and prophetic answer .
If I ’ve pieced the chronology together correctly , this would be about the time the iPhone was coming online .
And the iPhone is a great device–great , but ultimately closed .
Apple makes hardware , and the more hardware they sell , the more money they make .
So Apple clearly wins if they sell iPhones to everyone – the more iPhones ( and iPads ) , the more they win .
There would be nothing better for them than driving the other smartphone manufacturers out of the market .
( They do n’t seem to be interested in low - end , low profit margin phones , but that ’s another story . )
So what it takes for Apple to win is clear : dominance of the smartphone market .
Google ’s stakes are different .
They do n’t make money from selling phones , and they even abandoned their retail NexusOne store with very little pain .
They do n’t make money from licensing software either , as far as I know .
Google makes money from selling ads .
And the more ads they sell , the happier they are .
Apple is fighting for market share in cellphones ;
Google is fighting for market share in ad placement .
This asymmetry is very important .
Google does not have to dominate the smartphone business ; they just have to make sure that there ’s an environment in which the business of selling ads thrives .
While Apple wants to dominate smartphones , Google undeniably dominates online ad sales–and they clearly see ad placement on mobile as a huge opportunity .
Conversely , failure to dominate mobile ad sales would be disastrous .
At best , it would limit their potential ; at worst , if we ’re heading for the end of the “ desktop / laptop era ” , it could seriously threaten their core business .
Making money selling mobile ads requires that Google keep the smartphone market open , plural , competitive .
As long as there are multiple smartphones in the market , content developers will be driven towards open standards like HTML5 .
Developers will build richer and richer HTML content for the phones–and Google will thrive in its core business , placing ads on HTML pages .
Google does n’t need to “ win ” ; they just need to “ not lose ” , to keep the game open , and to drive open technologies to the next level where they can compete successfully .
In the long run , a closed system can only thrive if it ’s the only player in the game .
If we ’ve learned one thing from the growth of the Internet , it ’s that open standards that can be implemented by many vendors trumps closed systems , and enables the kind of competition that drives out monopolies .
Just as an athlete will inevitably perform better when he ’s relaxed and not worried about losing , Google ’s big advantage in the smartphone wars may well be precisely that they do n’t need to win .
Googlers are justifiably proud that US Android sales have snuck ahead of iPhone sales .
Of course , that ’s 50 - odd phones available for all US carriers , versus two iPhone models available only from AT&T .
And when the iPhone 4 comes out , Apple will certainly see a big burst of sales .
But that ’s not what ’s really important to Google ; all they need to do is keep the game open , for themselves , Palm / HP , RIM , and the other smartphone vendors–and to establish the kinds of standards that enable a competitive market to thrive .
There is a real threat to Apple , though ; just because Google does n’t need to win smartphone dominance does n’t mean they would n’t like to .
And in the wake of their FroYo demos at I/O , that seems increasingly likely .
Dan Lyons ( Fake Steve Jobs ) makes a lot of good points in his Newsweek blog :
Google ’s technology is way ahead of anything Apple is offering , or likely to offer .
Streaming music from your desktop is only one example .
Google , not Apple , is offering what customers want .
Apple ’s response to Google ’s claim that they are shipping more phones was “ so what , we have more market share . ”
Lyons says he ’s heard that before , it ’s the song of a company that ’s losing and in denial .
I ’ve heard it too .
Lyons is right .
It ’s easy to think that Apple fell apart in the late 80s and early 90s because a clueless Pepsi exec booted Jobs and took over .
But the real story , if you ’re old enough to remember , is that Jobs mismanaged the company after a series of stellar technical triumphs .
History appears to be repeating itself .
I am genuinely sad about this ; Apple is a great innovative company .
There ’s no reason they ca n’t do everything Google is doing .
Analyzing each players ’ strengths , Apple really understands user experience and design .
They have a lock on that .
Google really understands cloud computing and connectivity .
However , it will probably be easier for Apple to get up to speed on the connectivity issues than for Google to get Apple ’s design sensibility .
Nothing Google is adding to Android is fundamentally that difficult , and Apple has no shortage of engineering talent .
But–and this is important –Apple will not be able to take Google on in the areas of connectivity and cloud computing as long as they insist on a closed platform .
Not because Google ’s FroYo features can’t be implemented on a closed platform , but because it just would n’t occur to you to do so .
Furthermore , you can only go so far telling customers that you know what ’s best for them .
I hate Flash almost as much as Steve Jobs , but you know what ?
If I were building a platform , supporting Flash would be a requirement .
Flash is everywhere .
Getting tied up in a pointless fight with Adobe is silly .
Vic ’s daughter is right : she wants the toy that can run her favorite online games .
That ’s going to be an Android phone , not an iPad or an iPhone .
Apple is insisting on playing the game in a way that they can only lose .
Having said that , why is Apple so interested in HTML5 ?
Why are they supporting it with almost as much energy as Google ?
I think Steve Jobs really understands that HTML5 is the “ right thing ” for the future of the web .
Apple is not going to drop native applications .
But Jobs has always had an uncanny sense of when things are done right .
Although Google does n’t need to “ win ” the battle with Apple , Apple ’s hysteria , along with its insistence on fighting the wrong battles , means that Google has a decent chance of winning .
HTML5 may be Apple ’s last chance to change their ways , and make decisions that are n’t dictated by their desire to control the platform .
If they do n’t , they will lose , and that would be tragic , both for Apple and for users .
Do n't miss these top stories :
Is it time for a cash - only regime ?
Or should we teach our kids everything we can about the current financial system , including the use of credit , so they know how to protect their finances when they 're out on their own ?
Parents will have all kinds of answers to those questions .
Read Ruth Mantell 's story today for a look at what some financial experts have to say on the topic .
For my teenager , a debit card has proved very helpful in tracking spending , thanks to our bank 's helpful monthly reports .
But a credit card ?
Not likely .
Not yet , at least .
Still , we 've talked extensively about credit -- mainly about the steep price of it .
But no matter your point of view on credit versus cash , failing to at least talk about credit cards -- or pretending they do n't exist and wo n't tempt your child when he's off at college and then entering the work force -- is like playing with fire .
-- Andrea Coombes , Personal Finance editor
Should our kids carry credit cards ?
There 's never been a better time to teach your children how to manage money .
As lawmakers debate how to reform the nation 's banking system and news stories detail the travails of Americans who took on too much debt , parents can point to the current economy as a way to talk to kids about the risks of credit .
See story on should our kids carry credit cards ?
SMALL BUSINESS
Tips to keep your business safe from online criminals
A man walks into a bank with the intention to rob it .
He slips a note to the teller who then turns to him and says , " You know you can do this online now . "
That punch line is how John Walp describes the cyber - threat epidemic .
See story on tips to keep your business safe from online criminals .
INVESTING
Commentary : Consequences of high volatility
That the market has experienced extraordinary volatility this month there can be no doubt .
See Mark Hulbert .
Commentary : Financial experts push the envelope on reform
As Securities & Exchange Commission Chairwoman Mary Schapiro talked Tuesday morning about " creating a system of high - quality , globally accepted accounting standards that benefit American investors and investors around the world , " her audience was focused on better ways to skin the cat .
See MarketWatch First Take .
SEC to propose unified stock - halt system
In the wake of the stock market 's recent one - day plunge , top regulators and stock - exchange officials are expected to propose the creation of a circuit - breaker system for all exchanges to halt or slow down trades during a massive market swing , according to people familiar with the measure .
See story on SEC to propose unified stock - halt system .
Commentary : 12 ways to cash in on the collapse of ' Eaarth '
Imagine a secret society , code name " Avatar 2154 , " based on the date of the " War of 2154 " between the " Sec - Ops " armies from " Eaarth , " funded by the " Resources Development Corporation , " against the " Na'vi " indigenous tribes on the Pandora moon .
See Paul B. Farrell .
Managers pulled out of equities on growth shock : survey
Fund managers pulled out of equities and revised down their outlook for global growth in May , according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch 's monthly fund managers ' survey .
See story on managers pulled out of equities .
ECONOMY & POLITICS
Commentary : Gas prices rise but do n't always fall
The price of crude oil has fallen almost $ 18 to $ 70 a barrel -- the lowest level since last July -- yet gasoline prices have remained stubbornly high .
See Irwin Kellner .
BP ignored siphon - pipe suggestion weeks ago
An offshore - oil consultant suggested that BP PLC use a mile - long pipe to minimize damage from its big leak in the Gulf of Mexico weeks before the company reported some success with the technique .
See story on BP ignored siphon - pipe suggestion weeks ago .
Incumbents put to the test in Tuesday primaries
Voters went to the polls Tuesday in a handful of hotly contested primary races that will help gauge the depth of Americans ' anger at Washington veterans , with the political careers of two of President Barack Obama 's Senate allies on the line .
See story on incumbents put to the test in Tuesday primaries .
Measure banning bailouts to states is rejected
A measure that would prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to bailout state or local governments that are at risk of defaulting was rejected by the Senate on Tuesday .
See story on measure banning bailouts to states is rejected .
Housing starts up 5.8 % but permits plunge 11.5 %
U.S. housing starts increased for the second straight month in April , the government estimated Tuesday , but building permits fell sharply , casting doubts on the momentum of the housing recovery as a federal subsidy to stimulate buyers expires .
See Economic Report .
Senate takes steps toward wrapping up bank bill this week
Democratic leaders took a major step pressing ahead with a bill to overhaul the U.S. banking system late Monday , setting the stage for a vote on final Senate passage of the legislation for as soon as Thursday .
See story on Senate takes steps toward wrapping up bank bill this week .
Gulf oil spill to be the subject of commission
The oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico will be the subject of a presidential commission similar to panels created to probe the space shuttle Challenger disaster and the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island , according to a report Monday .
See story on gulf oil spill to be the subject of commission .
According to five people briefed on the relationship who requested anonymity because they did n’t want to damage continuing business relationships , Goldman told Thornburg that the request was justified because the value of similar mortgages traded by other parties had been priced at lower levels .
But Goldman , according to two people with knowledge of the situation , had not actually seen such trades .
Thornburg officials , however , pushed back on Goldman ’s request , questioning the values the firm put on Thornburg ’s portfolio .
“ When we tried to negotiate price , they argued that they were aware of transactions that were not broadly known on the Street , ” said a former Thornburg employee briefed on the talks with Goldman .
“ That was their justification for why they were marking us down as aggressively as they were — that they were aware of things that others were not . ”
Even as Goldman pressured Thornburg for cash , a Goldman banker pitched Thornburg to hire the firm to help it raise new funds .
Thornburg turned elsewhere .
Thornburg was n’t the only firm Goldman pressured this way .
It made similar demands — using similar arguments — of A.I.G. , the insurer that stood behind many of Goldman ’s mortgage securities .
Ultimately , Goldman ’s demands drained the insurer of so much cash that a hobbled A.I.G. required a taxpayer bailout in September 2008 .
Meanwhile , Goldman had been buying protection against a possible debt default by A.I.G. at the same time that it was pressuring A.I.G. to pay it additional cash .
Because Goldman ’s own cash demands were weakening A.I.G. , Goldman had a front - row seat to the distress the company was experiencing — giving Goldman added insight that buying default insurance on A.I.G. was probably a shrewd investment .
Although Goldman ’s financial insight derived from proprietary dealings with A.I.G. , and included facts that others in the market most likely did n’t have , Mr. van Praag , the Goldman spokesman , said that his firm was not capitalizing on nonpublic information .
Like A.I.G. , Thornburg found that arguing with Goldman was fruitless , because the firm had favorable contracts with Thornburg governing disputes .
So Thornburg accepted Goldman ’s valuations , but then established credit lines with other banks .
Although Goldman lost a customer , its mortgage unit had gained a victory : the firm could cite the valuations that Thornburg accepted as proper pricing for mortgage securities when it got into similar disputes with other clients .
Thousands of workers in Britain 's lucrative food industry are being subjected to widespread mistreatment and exploitation , including physical and verbal abuse and degrading working conditions , according to an inquiry published today .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) said it has uncovered significant evidence of abuse among producers supplying Britain 's big supermarkets .
The inquiry includes reports from meat factory workers who say they have had frozen burgers thrown at them by line managers , and accounts of pregnant women being forced to stand for long periods or perform heavy lifting under threat of the sack .
It also contained reports from women with heavy periods and people with bladder problems on production lines being denied toilet breaks and forced to endure the humiliation of bleeding and urinating on themselves .
One - fifth of workers interviewed , from across England and Wales , reported being pushed , kicked or having things thrown at them , while a third had experienced or witnessed verbal abuse .
The EHRC said some examples , such as forcing workers to do double shifts when ill or tired , were in breach of the law and licensing standards , while others were a " clear affront to respect and dignity " .
Migrant workers are the most affected because one - third of permanent workers and two - thirds of agency workers in the industry are migrants , but British and other agency employees face similar ill - treatment , the report found .
More than eight in 10 of the 260 workers who gave evidence to the commission said agency workers were treated worse than directly employed staff .
The report found that 80 % of processed meat goes to Britain 's supermarkets , and that the main reason agency staff are used is to meet the big stores ' demand .
Yesterday , Jack Dromey , the deputy general secretary of Unite union , which has campaigned for better rights for supermarket supply chain workers for four years , said : " Britain 's supermarkets should hang their heads in shame . "
Neil Kinghan , the EHRC director general , said : " We have heard stories of workers subjected to bullying , violence and being humiliated and degraded by being denied toilet breaks .
Some workers feel they have little choice but to put up with these conditions out of economic necessity .
Others lack the language skills to understand and assert their rights .
" While most supermarkets are carrying out audits of their suppliers , our evidence shows that these audits are not safeguarding workers and they clearly need to take steps to improve them .
The processing firms themselves and the agencies supplying their workers also need to pay more than lip - service to ensuring that workers are not subjected to unlawful and unethical treatment . "
Half of agencies and a third of processing firms said it was difficult to recruit British workers and that they thought they were deterred by the pay and conditions .
A few British workers spoke of their difficulty registering for work with some agencies who supply almost exclusively Eastern European workers , which would be unlawful under the Race Relations Act .
Ian Livesay , the chief executive of the food picking and processing regulator , the Gangmasters Licensing Authority ( GLA ) , said exploitation of workers was unacceptable and welcomed the report 's recognition that the GLA has helped to improve standards in agencies and labour suppliers .
He said : " We fully agree with the report 's recommendation that supermarkets have a key role to play and , as the report recognises , we have signed an agreement with all the major retailers and their key suppliers to share information with us on serious breaches of our standards in their supply chain . "
The government had recently increased its funding by £ 500,000 this year to cover enforcement and it now has 90 staff dedicated to stamping out abuse , he said .
Mark Boleat , chairman of the Association of Labour Providers , questioned the commission 's methodology and suggested it had sought out workers who were experiencing abuse .
He said : " How many workers did they interview ?
There are thousands in the meat industry .
The workers are not a representative sample .
I 've never heard anything like that . "
He said that some of the recommendations , such as paying workers for travelling time and engaging workers on contracts of employment rather than contracts for services , were impossible " unless there is a commitment from retailers and labour users to meet such costs , and past experience suggests that this is unlikely " .
If they were forced to offer contracts , many of its members would go bust , he said .
While it revealed many abuses , the EHRC report also highlighted examples of good practice , particularly when some firms did not differentiate between agency staff and directly employed workers .
The commission recommendations include : supermarkets improving their auditing of suppliers ; processing firms and agencies improving recruitment practices , working environments and the ability of workers to raise issues of concern ; and for the government to provide sufficient resources for the GLA to help safeguard the welfare and interests of workers .
Dromey said : " Supermarkets have driven down costs along their supply chain with tens of thousands of workers paying the price , suffering discrimination and unfair treatment .
" A two - tier labour market has been created , exploiting migrant agency workers on poorer conditions of employment and undercutting directly employed workers on better conditions of employment .
That divides workforces and damages social cohesion in local communities .
We welcome the call from the EHRC for workers doing the same job to be paid the same . "
She is the most talked about woman in Canadian politics .
Peter Mansbridge 's exclusive interview with Helena Guergis .
You have heard the accusations , now get the answers .
We want you to weigh in .
Do you believe Helena Guergis ?
Do you think she has been treated unfairly - undemocratically - as she says she has ?
Tell us what you think by posting a comment to this page .
Read the transcript of the full interview with Helena Guergis
PM : Peter Mansbridge
HG : Helena Guergis
PM : I want to go over a number of things
HG : Yes .
I suppose you do .
PM : Let me start with April 9th .
A month and a day ago .
You ’re in the Caribbean with your husband and the phone rings .
HG : I 'm in the Dominican with my husband , we ’re I 'm trying to have a vacation , which the entire week was just a constant barrage of media and the Toronto Star putting out the Crazy article that they did , attacks on my mortgage .
Just prior to leaving and during that , I was constantly on the phone back home , meeting with the party lawyer , helping me go through that process with the Ethics Commissioner .
So it 's April 9 and I get a pin that the Prime Minister wants to speak with me .
So I call in to talk to him , and I sit and wait for him to come on the phone and he comes on the phone , and he tells me that he , um , has received information the night before :
Some serious allegations , um , of very , uh of criminal behavior ... he said he had ...
PM : He used those word : criminal behaviour ?
HG : Yes he did .
That he had , from a credible source , that he was going to be turning over documents to the RCMP and to the Ethics Commissioner and that he wants to remove me from Cabinet and from Caucus and he would like , you know , to make this announcement in the afternoon .
And I just sat kind of silent , which probably feels like a longer to me than it really was .
I know that I got very , I was very emotional and , and I know was crying at one point because I was in shock
PM : This is while you were on the phone with him ?
HG : That 's correct .
And I just kept saying , well what have I done , can you please tell me exactly what have I done , so that I can , I can address this , I do n't understand what you are talking about .
What are you talking about ?
Right ... like … what are you talking about ?
Like I understand that things have been difficult , you know , in the media for the last little while , for you know lots of reasons , but I believe it 's all been blown up out of proportion and you know that when you look at the truth that it's not to that extent , I do n't understand what you 're talking about .
PM : And what did he say to that ?
HG : He said , just , well I have this information that I have been given and they 're very serious allegations .
And I said well can you please tell me , and he said , well maybe you can speak to the party lawyer , and he said that once I do this this afternoon you can speak to the party lawyer and he can give you more details and so I said , ok and we got off the phone …
PM : How long would that conversation have lasted do you think ?
HG : I do n't know , I did n’t … I can probably find out on my phone , I can look … maybe 5 minutes …
PM : But are we talking …
HG : 5 Minutes
PM : About 5 minutes …
HG : Maybe …probably not even 5 minutes .
PM : And you kept asking , what were the charges .
HG : What did I do ?
What are you talking about ?
And he said to talk to the lawyer in the afternoon .
Well I was n't very patient , and so I picked up the phone and I had him on the phone within 30 seconds .
And he seemed to not know what I was talking about .
And asked if he could call me back .
And 20 minutes later he sent me an email and said he had the information now , could I call him .
I understand now that he was in on that meeting on the Thursday night , that ’s at least what the media has reported , I ’m not sure if that ’s accurate .
PM : In on the meeting with the person who was making the allegations .
HG : Yeah , yeah .
So I said , what 's going on , Arthur , like what 's happening … like the Prime Minister has told me to talk to you , he has removed me from caucus and I 'm no longer a cabinet minister .
What 's happening ?
And he said , he ’d call me back so I got on the phone with him and he started to talk and he said there are very serious allegations .
He did not give me one specific detailed allegation at all , through the whole conversation .
We were also finalizing a conversation on the mortgage issue that he was helping me with in this phone call and the Ethics Commissioner so some of the conversation finished that off
PM : But when you say he did n’t give you any specific information
HG : He did not
PM : Did he give you any general information ?
HG : He did .
He said something about drugs and Rahim and drugs and that I might be involved .
He discussed the Toronto Star article and asked ...
PM : From the day pervious
HG : Yeah , and asked me if I had , well maybe you 've been out to dinner and I went no , and I did n't even remember at that point that I had gone out to dinner with the gentleman or the guy they had talked about in the Toronto Star article .
PM : Gillani .
HG : Yeah , it completely slipped my mind , that , was you know , I had lunch with another business colleague it was a very nice man with a nice reputation , I said , I had a lunch , that 's the only thing I recall .
And I did n't get anything else , I did n't .
So I kept asking and kept asking and at the end of the conversation , I said the Prime Minister said that he was turning over documents to the RCMP
And to the Ethics Commissioner , can I please have a copy of those .
And the lawyer said to me
Well I think they 've already been turned over …
And then after we got off the phone he followed up with an email saying that no documents had be turned over the RCMP or to the Ethics Commissioner .
So I was just left sitting and waiting to find out what information I would be given .
As soon as I possibly could , I ca n’t remember if it was that day or the next morning , I can't remember exactly , I called the RCMP and I called the Ethics Commissioner .
I said to the Ethics Commissioners on the message and to the person who answered the phone , I 'm here , I 'm an open book , whatever you want , whatever you need from me I ’m happy to be there for you .
Please let ’s try to go through this process as quickly as we can , whatever you need from me .
I called the RCMP I got two people in the phone .
The first person of course was just someone who answered the phone .
The second person identified and had asked are you the woman who resigned .
And I said , yes it is me .
I 'm calling to tell you I 'm an open book
If you need anything from me , anything , bank accounts , anything you want to look at of mine , it ’s all yours .
I 'm here please let 's just go through the process .
I still did n't speak to the officer in charge .
I got a lawyer , and then my lawyer in fact did get in contact with the investigator and the officer in charge , said the exact same thing , and offers this on a regular basis and ( shakes head )
PM : As of yet , you still have n’t talked to the RCMP ?
HG : I have not heard from them , no .
PM : Let me back you up a bit .
When you ’re talking to the lawyer he mentions something about drugs .
HG : Yes
PM : And your husband , Rahim Jaffer
HG : Yes
PM : What did you say to that , what did you say to him ?
HG : I said what are you talking about .
You 're going to have to be specific .
You know that charges were withdrawn .
So what are you talking about ?
PM : And he said ?
HG : That 's all I can say .
There seems to be a very salacious part to some of these allegations ; salacious , he used that word .
Salacious .
PM : He used that word
HG : Yeah .
PM : But he would n’t describe what it was ?
HG : No. ( shakes head )
PM : Now you know what the Private Investigator was apparently at the root of these allegations has said .
HG : Yes , I do .
PM : That both you and your husband were at an evening where there were prostitutes and people using cocaine .
HG : Which is absolutely false , never .
PM : Never happened .
HG : Never happened .
Never would happen .
Can you imagine sitting and watching TV when that comes across on the news hour at 11 o'clock at night , you know .
Watching that happen .
I was just in shock .
There 's been a lot of horrible things said about me ...
PM : Your husband when he testified at the House of Commons committee , he made a point , unprompted of saying he had never used drugs ..
HG : Yeah
PM : … illegal drugs …
HG : Yeah …
PM : In his life , can you say that ?
HG : Yes I can say that .
Absolutely I can say that
PM : Never .
HG : Never
PM : In any way experimenting ?
HG : No , no .
PM : No way ?
HG : As a young girl , when I was 14 someone tried to offer me marijuana and I remember trying to smoke it but I coughed and I got nothing out of it but no , I do n't use drugs , drugs are not a part of my life .
PM : Where do you think this story comes from because you 've probably heard this has been mentioned around , around this town – Ottawa - for more than just the last few weeks , that it 's been talked about for the last year
HG : I do n't know , I do n’t know , because my husband has always claimed he was innocent from the very beginning and knew nothing about any drugs .
He said that from the very beginning and I believe him .
PM : Did he ever say anything to you about how cocaine was found in his jacket ?
HG : He has no idea .
He has no idea .
PM : The other issue that the private investigator , Snowdy , has mentioned was an issue of off shore accounts in your ownership of land , ownership of a company , bank accounts , specifically mentioning the country of Belize .
What do you know about any of that ?
HG : Not true , I found it laughable when I heard about that and I still would probably still be laughing if I was n't in this position .
I ’ve been to Belize once and it was on official government business .
Do n't have bank accounts , I do n’t own property and I have no interests .
I 've never been back to Belize .
PM : How about anywhere else ?
Any other …Do you have any offshore accounts of any kind ?
HG : No . I do not .
No , I do not .
PM : Are you aware if your husband has any ?
HG : My husband does not .
He does not have any accounts .
Nothing like that
PM : A lot of people are puzzled as to , as I ’m sure you are , as to why all of this is happening to you .
HG : Yeah .
PM : I mean we all know that you had a rough period leading up to April 9 , starting with last year .
HG : Yeah .
PM : The charges against your husband that were later reduced , the issue at the Charlottetown airport , the issue of letters being written by staff members of yours defending you , the questions surrounding your mortgage which was the total of your house , the full mortgage , and then these stories that start to circulate .
Through all that time , before April 9 , did you have any conversations with the Prime Minister or any of his officials about what was happening to you ?
HG : I had one meeting after everything that happened to Rahim , and he did have some of his staff in the meeting .
And …
PM : This would have been last Fall ?
HG : Yeah , I just clarified for them that , you know , this is not my issue , and they agreed although I will say that since that time I feel as thought I have been distant , I have been isolated and pushed off , ever since that had happened to Rahim
PM : By the Prime Minister 's Office ?
HG : Uh hm .
PM : What would happen in cabinet ?
Would he talk to you ?
HG : Well I do n’t sit at the cabinet table .
PM : As Junior Minister , you do n’t .
HG : No I sit at Cabinet Committee , which seems to be on average about once every other week .
PM : So you had no conversations with him since last Fall .
HG : No , no
PM : After all these events , the Charlottetown airport thing that got a lot of play .
HG : No not directly with him .
He when you 're in QP practice you see him you go over those , but maybe two or three short conversation about the question or the issue
PM : With him directly ?
HG : With all colleagues around the table .
And he did approach me once in the house , to say , you know , that he had similar , a lot of people write bad things about him in the past , and just be strong , and this too shall pass .
PM : It was a week before , or ten days before the resignation that he stood up in the house and said good things about your work .
HG : That ’s right .
He has , he has acknowledged that I have done a good job and I really appreciate the opportunity to have served in cabinet , to be a member of parliament because I have done a good job within my riding , my community knows how hard I ’ve worked for them .
And even the stakeholders that I had as minister of state , there are two international awards that I had received for the work that I had done .
So I work very hard and I ’m very committed to my job .
PM : Do you think he had any other choice than to ask you to resign when those allegations , whatever they were and here a month and a day you still do n't know , do you think he had any other choice but to …
HG : That 's really hard to answer that question because I do n't know what he was presented with .
If I knew what he was presented with , if could see it , if I could have it , if I could be told then I might be able to answer for you , but I do n't know .
So I have no idea how to answer that ,
I 'm a compassionate person .
I know that I believe in due process and that I would probably give someone the opportunity to prove themselves and clear their name , because that ’s who I am and that ’s what I thought he represented as well .
But I really do n’t know .
Because I do n’t know what he was faced with .
PM : Do you think you 've been given the opportunity to clear your name ?
HG : No I do not .
Not at all , in any way .
I do n't even know what the allegations are and if it's what is in the media , all the rumors and gossip , it 's not true .
And a lot of it has been proven as not being true .
So what is it exactly ?
Just put it on the table ; let me see it , let me defend myself , give me the opportunity to stand up for myself .
PM : Have you made any attempt to talk to him again since that day ?
HG : I did .
Again that day I called back to try to get him on the phone and he would n't come to the phone .
PM : Have any of your Cabinet colleagues , former Cabinet colleagues , have they talked to you ?
HG : Yeah .
I have received notes , from a lot of colleagues , emails .
So I have received encouraging notes from a lot of them .
PM : Supportive of your position .
HG : Yes .
PM : Willing to fight for you ?
HG : Wanting me to have the opportunity to clear my name , to speak , to address the situation to caucus colleagues .
To have a voice , it 's not right to just cut out without having a voice .
PM : He told you in that initial conversation that you'd be out of caucus as well ?
HG : Yes he did .
He did
PM : What was the bigger hurt ?
Losing the Cabinet job ?
Or losing the Caucus job ?
HG : Caucus , and hearing that I had done something that the RCMP needed to be called in for .
PM : Let 's talk a little bit about the issue that has surrounded your husband in the parliamentary committee examination of his activities .
Because they touch on you in terms of what he 's alleged to have been doing , whether or not he was lobbying .
I assume that you have either watched or read what 's been happened in those hearings .
HG : Yeah , yes .
I have .
PM : Do you think Rahim Jaffer was lobbying ?
HG : No I do n’t .
I do not .
PM : Well what was he doing ?
HG : he promised me that he would never do that and cause a conflict for me .
What he was doing , was trying to discover what role he would play in his job .
I do n't know his business , because I have n't taken the time , I have n’t really had the time to fully understand what his business is .
I know he works on green technologies .
I know he knows a lot of people , I know they were making a decision as to what technologies they wanted to proceed with and where .
That 's really all I know about his business , but he promised me and he assured me that he would n’t .
But what I found really interesting was is that that week when they did that committee Every one was sure what lobbying was and what the definition was and that for sure he ’d done it .
And then two weeks later when there was a Liberal MP being questioned , the headlines is , well , what exactly is the definition of lobbying , we ’re not 100 percent sure as to what that is .
So I found that interesting .
But basically what I ’ve said is that the Lobbyist Commissioner has been asked to look at it .
Whatever the Commissioner decides will be adhered to and it will be respected .
So I am going to wait to hear what the Lobbyist Commissioner has to say about the whole situation .
PM : But
In hindsight , given what you know now , do you think you probably should have , as a Minister of the Crown , paid more attention to what Rahim Jaffer was doing ?
HG : I have reason to believe my husband would lie to me , my husband would not want to hurt me or harm me in any way so why would I not trust him and why would I not believe in him .
PM : Was it wrong to allow him to use your office ?
HG : He did n’t use my office for anything work related .
After the last election we had no home , we had to be out of that location in two weeks because we ’d sold it , we had no place to go .
He had to close down both of his offices , the one in Edmonton and the one on the Hill he had to out in two weeks .
He asked if he could move some of his stuff , which was moved by parliamentary officials over to mine .
He used that space to go thru 12 years of what he had of MP files , so confidential information about constituents , what did he want to save , etc .
That ’s all that space was for , that ’s it , that ’s all .
PM : No meetings in relation to his new work ,
HG : No , no , no
PM : No meetings with other ministers or ministerial staff ?
HG : No , no , my husband has no reason to lie to me and he would not harm me .
That space was for him to go thru his MP things and that ’s it .
He ’s been a member for 12 years .
He knows what he can and cannot do and he ’ s not going to be foolish enough or disrespectful enough to use taxpayers ’ money for his own personal business .
He had his own office , he has his own emails , he has his own accounts , he does n’t need it .
He does n’t need it .
PM : How about contact with other Ministers .
It ’s clear that your husband talked with other Ministers and ministerial stuff somewhere …
HG : I do n’t think it ’s clear and I think you would have to ask him to give you more specific details on that .
You would have to .
PM : Did anybody at all in the last year come to you and say you know what we got to be careful here .
Rahim has a business and we ’ve got to ensure that there is no conflict between what he ’s doing and the actions of the Government .
HG : no , no .
I had no conversations with any colleagues about Rahim and what work he was doing .
None .
There was no reason for me to have any .
PM : No officials from the Prime Ministers office …or any office …
HG : No
PM : … coming to say there are issues here …
HG : No . Nothing
PM : Or potential issues ?
HG : No . Nothing .
PM : Did the two of you talk about the possibilities …
HG : From the very beginning at the very beginning when I became a Minister of State again and he had a conversation with the Prime Minister , ten days after his loss , right around there , that ’s when we said , he will not do anything , anything at all to cause any conflict for me .
He ’s not interested in lobbying or doing any government work whatsoever and he was going to go off and start a business with Patrick and that ’s it .
And he promised me and he assured me .
PM : Patrick Glémaud
HG : Yeah .
PM : You wrote a letter of explanation a short time ago about a letter you written on behalf of the constituents that you felt should be looked at with some interest
HG : That ’s right .
PM : In terms of the work that that person was doing in terms of green projects .
HG : As I have done with other constituents .
PM : Upon reflection , given the nature of the potential relationship with that person and your husbands company , do you think that was a mistake ?
HG : Now when I look at it I wish I had n’t written the letter but at the time , I assured myself , by asking my husband , very clearly , he answered me with no , that there was nothing to worry about , nothing whatsoever .
So I wrote the letter , I was very public about the letter .
It was to the warden and all council to ask them to just receive a presentation about this .
I ’m not if you ’re familiar , but in my riding we have a landfill issue which actually a lot of MPS do have and there was a site , site 41 , that ’s been going on for about 24 years and when I became the MP , it ’s just on the edge of my riding and there ’s a number of my constituents who are very oppose d to it as I have always been opposed to it .
So I wrote a number of letters against this landfill site .
I have got a stack of paper and paperwork that I ’ve done to try to help this issue to find a federal trigger to deal with this landfill issue .
So my constituents are demanding and have been for some time that I play a role and do something to help .
So when he had explained to me , he being Mr. Wright , he had a possible alternative , I said you ’re asking me to forward it , let me look into it to see if I can , and it sounds like it might be something that could be helpful .
So I wrote a letter , very openly to council , I actually did an open letter to the editor , to the Green party candidate as well that was printed in the newspaper where it was highlighted that I had done this very above board , very open …
PM : Did you know at that point that there was a connection …
HG : No , no , I was told that there was no connection .
I asked my husband , I even spoke with Mr. Wright .
They assured there was not going to be any business relation between the two of them going forward .
As I look at it now , there was clearly a miscommunication between the Rahim and Patrick in my mind that they should have been communicating , but I assured myself and I would never have written it that they did n’t firmly believe that it was ok and that there was no issue and no conflict whatsoever .
I even said it in a public forum that I had done this with people … he ’s my cousin , the warden was my cousin .
I could have done something in a more informal manner if I was n’t being above board .
PM : What …what ’s your knowledge of Mr. Gillani ?
HG : I do n’t know much about him except for what ’s been written in the papers , and even that I would n’t be able to give you specific detail .
I met him once at that dinner .
PM : And what happened at that dinner ?
HG : Well they were late , I remember that , and we
PM : They being …
HG : Gillani , Mr.…
PM : Gillani
HG : And his girlfriend and the other couple and we sat at the bar for about an hour before they got there and then when they got there we went and had dinner and it lasted a couple of hours and then we went home ( shrugs )
PM : You do n’t …was there anything in the conversation that …
HG : Nothing .
It was light and fluffy if I could put it that way with the exception of his partner whose name is Mike and his wife , who is a lovely lady , she was five months pregnant , and she ’s an aboriginal woman and she and I did talk about aboriginal women and the violent situations that they ’re dealing with and the missing and murdered aboriginal women briefly we talked about that .
PM : So that ’s the moment you remember most about that evening ?
HG : yeah , I went back and thought about it because I had completely forgot about it and when I think about that ’s the moment that I remember about that evening .
PM : But you were never any other evenings …
HG : Nothing , nothing
PM : … that you remember with him …
HG : Nothing , nothing at all .
Zero .
A big zero .
PM : What ’s going on here ?
HG : I do n’t know .
PM : Was somebody out to get you ?
HG : Sometimes it feels like that .
Like it ’s just a never - ending pile - on of things being blown - up to be what they ’re really not .
And I do n’t know .
I mean I have questions about the private investigator … I have questions , serious questions .
Like who is he , where did he come from and who was he investigating and why ?
And who is going to be held accountable at some point for saying all of these awful and terrible things that have been said about me ?
It ’s been devastating for myself and for my family .
I have three other members of my family who are elected and we ’re in our fifth decade of public service , it ’s a long politically active family for years and this is not , it ’s not easy on them either , it ’s very difficult .
PM : Do you feel abandoned by your party ?
HG : Um , I would n’t say by all of them .
I feel as though they ’ve thrown the rulebooks out the window , that they ’re not respecting due process at all .
I find it very undemocratic , um , I ’m hurt by the Prime Minister .
I am hurt because I did consider him to be a friend as well , so I find that very hard to deal with .
PM : there ’s some who suggested that he had no choice but to act given these serious allegations that he described and that have been described by the person who fed them to the government , the two areas we ’ve talked about , that there was a possibility of blackmail and that he had to act , when he did and allow the air to be cleared in some manner , either by the RCMP or the ethics commissioner , that he had to act .
HG : And I was going to respect that process and I was being quiet , being patient , and respecting that process and waiting for the RCMP to call , waiting for something .
But when all of a sudden they make the decision to say I ca n’t be the candidate , that ’s when , you ’re going too far .
That ’s not the party then that represents due process , the presumption of innocence , the rule of law , democracy .
That ’s undemocratic .
I have not had an opportunity to defend myself .
What is it that I ’m supposed to be charged with ?
I feel as though I have been charged , I feel as though I ’ve gone through a trial , I have been convicted and now I ’m been sentenced .
And I still don ’t know what it is I ’m supposed to have done .
Now if he does n’t like my husband , which I think is pretty clear , that should n’t damage my working relationship , especially in light of the fact that I have done a good job .
I have worked very hard and I have done a good job .
PM : Why do you think he does n’t like …
I assume you ’re talking about the prime minister
HG : Uh hm .
PM : Why do you think he does n’t like your husband
HG : You ’d have to ask him .
PM : But you obviously think he does n’t .
HG : Well judging from everything that ’s going on , I would say he does n’t .
And there have always been kind of rumor circulating around that they did n’t really get along and did n’t really like each other as individuals .
PM : Now you do n’t like rumours .
HG : I do n’t , I do n’t like rumours .
PM : But you ’re falling back on those rumors …
HG : well I do n’t what else to say as to what it is .
I do n’t know .
My husband has always spoken of him in a respectful manner …the Prime Minister and caucus , after Rahim had lost , he said one thing that I did n’t think was very complimentary of Rahim and at that point I felt was not a very nice thing to say .
PM : This was in front of you ?
HG : Yes
PM : What did he say ?
HG : I do n’t remember it exactly , but it was n’t a very nice thing to say .
PM : Some people feel that this is a reflection upon how women are seen within your party or this government
HG : Yeah
PM : Do you think , if you were a male you ’d be in the position you are in today ?
HG : it ’s tough to answer that right .
I ’ve been an advocate for women ’s issues my whole life .
I see that to some extent there seems to be double standard other colleagues having incidents at the airport , having two days of questions in the house or media and mine going on for five weeks , plus , I see other colleagues in caucus who are having trouble with the law but they are afforded an opportunity to stay in caucus .
I know in the past that there have been members of parliament whose spouses have had very public indiscretions and they have not been held accountable for anything their spouses may or may not have done .
And I feel as though maybe I am , and I do n’t understand the reasons behind that , but will I go as far as to say that there ’s a difference because of my gender , I do n’t know if I ’m prepared to do that at this stage , I ’d have to see how things play out .
But I do see that there is a difference between how I ’ve been treated and how many others have been treated .
PM : What is your …aside from trying to protect and defend your name
HG : Yeah
PM : What is your immediate plan .
The party says it wants a different candidate .
Does n’t want you .
HG : Well I have appealed the process .
I ’m not sure how far that will get me .
But I have appealed and in my appeal letter I ’ve asked if they could please explain the first process where the executive was able to reach this conclusion .
What information did you have in front of you , why did you make this decision if you could please just explain that process for me in order for me to participate in an appeal and why have I not been able to be a part of that process to sit in front of you to answer question from you , whose making that decision and will it be the same people who will hear the appeal as those who ’ve made the original decision .
I … I should be afforded that opportunity in my mind to be able to answer questions and hear what the allegations are .
PM : It ’s seems like wherever you turn , trying to understand why people have something against you .
HG : yeah
PM : You ca n’t get any answers , no answers
HG : I can ’t .
I do n’t know .
PM : will you run again ?
HG : I ’m not ready to give up my political career .
It ’s only been six years , I was political staff for 8 and a half for the vice president for the PC party of Ontario .
I ’ve been around it my whole life .
I ’ve been raised in politics ; I like it .
I love my country I want to be able to serve my country and serve my constituents , if I ’ve done something wrong then I will suffer consequences , but tell me what I ’ve done and then I ’ll move on if its something that I ’ve done and that it ’s proven that I ’ve done something wrong , then I will go away .
But I have n’t done anything and I deserve the opportunity to know what it is I have done .
PM : you know , for somebody who has been around politics most of your life , either directly or indirectly because of your family
HG : Yes
PM : You ’re not naïve about politics .
HG : I know , I am shocked , I have never seen anything like this , at all .
Ever .
And when I speak to colleagues and friends , they ’ve never anything like this either , nothing at all like it .
They do n’t know what ’s going on and they do n’t understand it .
PM : Do you think there ’s a possibility though that you have been somewhat naïve ?
HG : I guess there could be yeah .
I have been so caught up in work , in working very hard , and just focused .
I do n’t go out , I ’m not a social person , so I work , I go home , I just kind of been stuck in my work and some personal things that had been going on that had probably been kind of distracting .
PM : Do you want to talk about that ?
HG : Not really , no .
PM : Some people have suggested that as a Minister there were times when you were a bit of a diva .
HG : No , that ’s not who I am .
That ’s not my personality at all .
But that would n’t be the first time I ’ve heard that .
People underestimate me and when they first meet me they seem to have an idea that I ’m something , that turns out to be , and they ’ve often approached my afterwards and said , so very often , I ’ve heard this my whole life , you are not at all what I thought you were .
You are nothing like what I expected you would be , at all .
And I ’m a very down to earth person , I ’m a very personable person , I ’m open and certainly that would not be something that I ’ve ever described myself with , and anyone who knows me would ever use that word to describe my in any way .
PM : You ’ve been very open and forthcoming in this and I appreciate that .
Is there anything else you want to say ?
HG : Yeah there ’s probably a lot of things but I ’ll bite my tongue maybe sometimes .
I would say that I know with my husband there are some people who are very upset with him , even back home in the community they ’re not sure what to think at this point .
And I guess I would say , even some so - called experts have reached out to tell me if you want to save your political career Helena , it seems that it ’s your husband , maybe you need to lose your husband and that ’s not something of course I could ever do .
If people in your family make mistakes you do n’t turn your back on them ( pauses – gets emotional ) Sorry .
You stick with them and you work through it and I am committed to my marriage and we will make it through this and we will work it out .
But I come from a Christian family and a Christian community and you do n’t hold other people responsible for someone else ’s actions and you do n’t turn your back on people and your loved ones if you make a mistake .
You work with them on that .
PM : You think you ’ve had your … that …that backs have been turned on you by those who you ’ve worked with over these last few years ?
HG : I think with some of them yes , I do .
I think if I could do one thing different over this six years , as I said , I ’m not social , I do n’t go out , I ’m kind of a homebody and I keep to myself a lot .
And I know most people are considered extroverts when they ’re in politics but I ’m very much the opposite …
PM : You ’re not a party girl ?
HG : No , I do n’t go out and I wish I maybe had socialized a little more and had an opportunity to get to know my colleagues a bit better on a more social level , but I just did n’t do that and I do n’t go out and didn ’ t get to be able to know what I think are a lot of really great people in that house .
PM : you talked about your husband having made mistakes , he ’s conceded that he obviously made a mistake on the night of September 10th .
HG : Yeah .
PM : When he was driving .
Do you think he ’s made other mistakes in the period since he ’s left active politics ?
HG : Um , I do n’t know .
I do n’t think so .
I ’ll wait to see if he has and then we ’ll deal with them as we go .
But I know that he would not intentionally try to hurt me in any way .
I know he would n’t .
What benefit of that would be to him .
PM : When you hear somebody who was a friend of his in the House of Commons from the other side of the floor , the NDP ’s Pat Martin saying in committee , on the record , that , your husband , quote , lied his ass off , end quote .
HG : No I do n’t believe he has at all .
I think in his business , Patrick probably did more than Rahim did and he could have paid a little bit closer attention to the things Patrick was doing , I think he could have done that , but I guess in his defense he was dealing with other personal issues at the time , that ’s really all I could say about that .
PM : You mean the court case .
HG : Yeah .
Yeah .
And dealing with a loss , I mean I know lots of members of parliament who have served as long as he has it ’s well document .
It ’s a very difficult transition to go through .
Extremely difficult ,
It ’s not easy and we ’ve had some challenges dealing with that as well .
PM : And now you ’re both dealing …
HG : Yeah …
PM : … with loss .
HG : Yeah .
Absolutely .
PM : If it turns out that there was nothing to any of this
HG : which I firmly believe that it will .
I firmly believe that there ’s nothing , nothing whatsoever .
PM : Well if it turns out that way , can you forgive ?
HG : I am a very forgiving person .
I am .
My sister says sometimes to a fault , but I am .
Absolutely .
PM : well I guess we ’ll see what happens .
HG : I guess we will .
PM : Thank you for doing this .
I know it has n’t been easy .
HG : No it has n’t .
Thank you for the opportunity .
I appreciate it .
Thanks .
Diary of Sidney SharePoint
Sidney , aged 32 , is an IT Manager who works for Pottersgate Paints in Perry Barr near Birmingham .
His long hours and hard work goes unnoticed by many until one day he finds .......
Television adaptation of Stephen King novel that follows a recovering alcoholic professor .
He ends up taking a job as a winter caretaker for a remote Colorado hotel which he seeks as an opportunity to finish a piece of work .
With his wife and son with him , the caretaker settles in , only to see visions of the hotel 's long deceased employees and guests .
With evil intentions , they manipulate him into his dark side which takes a toll on him and his family .
Written by MonkeyKingMA
Two men just doing what they want , and looking good doing it .
2 hommes qui font simplement ce qu’ils veulent et qui sont beaux en le faisant .
( Bon , j’aimerais bien savoir ce qu’ils ont pris . )
PS : J’ai failli garder cette vidéo pour la chanson du lundi
Politics
Alexander the Great is rising to # 1
The highly rated Everton midfielder Jack Rodwell will today sign a new five - year contract at Goodison Park to scupper any lingering hopes Manchester United and Arsenal retained of securing the talented teenager this summer .
The 19 - year - old , an England Under - 21 international , played 36 times for David Moyes ' side last season having progressed through the youth ranks at the club .
Negotiations over the new deal have been protracted and the contract is worth around £ 30,000 a week , reflecting his value in the squad , with Rodwell following Tim Cahill and the young full - back Seamus Coleman , on loan at Blackpool , in extending their stays on Merseyside .
United had hoped to lure Rodwell away from Everton as they did the 18 - year - old Wayne Rooney back in 2004 , with Arsène Wenger also a keen admirer of a player comfortable both in central defence and midfield , but Moyes has managed to persuade the teenager that he will benefit more from regular first - team football at the club .
He has already played more than 50 games for Everton and scored his first senior goal as a 17 - year - old , and his manager has compared his development to that of the new England captain , Rio Ferdinand .
" He 's so comfortable on the ball , " said Moyes .
" He is best in central midfield at the moment but , by the time he 's 23 or 24 , he may be a top centre - half .
Rio started in central midfield and eventually moved back .
Jack has similar qualities . "
The Everton manager will be reassured at retaining a player around whom this club can shape its future .
Everton are expected to open contract talks with Leighton Baines , most likely after the World Cup should the left - back be retained in Fabio Capello 's squad for the finals , and are confident of warding off interest from rivals in their Spanish midfielder , Mikel Arteta .
More on Rand Paul , Civil Rights and Balancing Choices over Liberty
Steven L. Taylor · · 27 comments
Yesterday , I noted that now that Rand Paul has gone from a primary race to the general election that : “ Paul is now facing a very different kind of campaign ” because he is now going to be scrutinized in new ways and will have to explain himself to a different kind of electorate if he is going to win .
James already noted this morning an interview the Paul did in which the issue of the Civil Rights Act .
The interview ( which James has at the link ) included the following ( which James also quoted , but it directly sets up my discussion below , so will include it again ) :
INTERVIEWER : Would you have voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ?
PAUL : I like the Civil Rights
Act in the sense that it ended discrimination in all public domains , and I ’m all in favor of that .
INTERVIEWER : But ?
PAUL : You had to ask me the “ but . ”
I do n’t like the idea of telling private business owners — I abhor racism .
I think it ’s a bad business decision to exclude anybody from your restaurant — but , at the same time , I do believe in private ownership .
But I absolutely think there should be no discrimination in anything that gets any public funding , and that ’s most of what I think the Civil Rights
Act was about in my mind .
INTERVIEWER :
But under your philosophy , it would be okay for Dr. King not to be served at the counter at Woolworths ?
PAUL : I would not go to that Woolworths , and I would stand up in my community and say that it is abhorrent , um , but , the hard part — and this is the hard part about believing in freedom — is , if you believe in the First Amendment , for example — you have too , for example , most good defenders of the First Amendment will believe in abhorrent groups standing up and saying awful things .
. . .
It ’s the same way with other behaviors .
In a free society , we will tolerate boorish people , who have abhorrent behavior .
First , the comparison is problematic .
While it is true that “ Congress shall make no law … abridging the freedom of speech ” it is equally true that there is no such equivalent right to use private property .
Indeed , not only are there no protections against laws being passed regarding the use of private property , laws are made all the time in that regard .
To shift for a moment away from Congress , an easy example is zoning .
And yes , there is a difference between Congress and the local zoning powers .
However , the fact remains that private property rights are simply not as absolute as free speech rights .
Second , Paul allows for banning discriminatory practices from entities receiving public funds .
I would note along those lines that there is n’t a business in existence that does not , in some way , benefit from public funds ( even if they do not directly receive them ) .
The streets that bring the customers are constructed and maintained by public funds .
The police , fire and EMT services that protect and serve the businesses are provided for and maintained by public funds .
And then there are all those pipes and wires providing electricity and water , and so forth .
These are not entities that exist in a vacuum totally unconnected from the broader society , or from government .
Like it or not , there are societal responsibilities we all share as citizens and even as private property owners .
Third , the notion that the systematic treatment of segments of one ’s population as second class citizens is acceptable and should not be addressed by government in the name of private property rights is problematic , to put it mildly .
Further , to ignore the broader context ( first slavery , then Jim Crow and the like ) , which were all state - imposed destructions of liberty is to make the entire argument that he is trying to be a principled libertarian into a joke .
One of the fundamental problems with simplistic libertarian thinking of the type Paul is engaging here , is that it pretends like any given moment in time exists in a manner that is disconnected from a broader history .
One cannot simply say that private property rights are so sacrosanct that we must allow for discrimination when the state itself already used its power to create the conditions under which the discrimination took place in the first place .
Indeed , from a libertarian point of view , i.e. , one that respects the rights of the individual above all else , the problems under discussion require a choice to be made between violating property rights or allowing a larger destruction of liberty ( again , one created and enforced by the government to being with ) to continue .
Put another way , and within the confines of a basically libertarian approach : what is a larger harm to liberty ?
Is it the imposition of non-discrimination policies on private businesses or is it the continuation of rampant discriminatory practices across society targeted at a specific segment of the population ?
Further , the violations ( from a Paulian libertarian perspective ) of property rights here equaled not to the seizure of property or the cessation of property rights , but instead allowing whites and blacks to sit at the same lunch counter , allowing blacks and whites to use the same bathroom , allowing blacks and whites to sit where ever they wanted on the bus , and so forth .
The amount of liberty lost by banning such policies is rather significantly outweighed by the amount of liberty gained by the population no longer subjected to poor treatment on the basis of skin color .
Also , let ’s note that the issue here went well beyond just where people could sit and what facilities they could use , but rather translated into a larger , societal treatment of a significant segment of the population .
It would have been far more difficult to move the country in the direction it needed to move in terms of the liberty and opportunity for African - Americans if private property was considered so sacrosanct that discrimination had to be allowed to continue in those venues .
Read the history of the South in the era under discussion and one will be hard pressed to argue with cogency that the market was going to solve the problems of racial segregation and discrimination .
# 583627 +( 3766 ) - [ X ] < savenor > i just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by fleeing the scene of the accident
Hell hath no fury like a judge embarrassed .
A red -faced Brooklyn jurist — smarting from an oversight that forced him to let a subway vandal go free last week — yesterday seized on the man ’s inability to show up in court to hit him with 11 months behind bars .
Justice Michael Gary said the failure of the subway vandal - artist known as Poster Boy to appear in court last Thursday meant his carefully negotiated no - jail plea was now worthless .
“ I owe you nothing , ” Gary told Poster Boy , whose real name is Henry Matyjewicz , 28 .
Matyjewicz ’s lawyer , Kerry Gotlib , said the judge ’s action was unreasonable and vowed to appeal .
“ He ’s speechless , ” Gotlib said of his client .
“ He ’s shocked .
The guy should not be there . ”
Although the judge cited Poster Boy ’s cavalier attitude toward attendance as the reason for the jail term , he might also have been steaming over the coverage he got in The Post over his first , failed attempt to jail Matyjewicz .
The judge had been asked to trash the plea deal because Matyjewicz had been re-arrested twice — once for the very same kind of vandalism — after pleading guilty in late 2009 .
But on Thursday the judge said he could n’t penalize Poster Boy for getting collared anew because he ’d never warned him that staying out of trouble was a condition of the deal .
In a written decision , he insisted he remembered issuing such a warning and implied faulty court stenography caused it to be left out of the transcript .
All of which would have meant Matyjewicz ’s deal for 210 hours of community service should have stayed in place — except that the razor - wielding slicer of subway ads failed to show up .
Instead , Poster Boy arrived at court Friday and was promptly tossed in jail for the weekend .
Yesterday , Gary said the failure to appear was a violation of the conditions of the plea deal , and he promptly scuttled it .
For his part , Poster Boy claimed to have confused the dates , an excuse Gary called “ poppycock . ”
It ’s not the first time Gary ’s actions have been perceived as vindictive .
In 2003 , an appeals court rapped the judge for a 15 - year maximum sentence he handed down in a robbery case where the defendant had beaten a murder charge .
The appeals court said Gary was punishing the defendant , Jared Errington , for the murder , rather than the robbery , and sent the case back for sentencing by a different judge .
Errington got 12 years the second time .
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
2 Fog ( MYS1 ) 167 8 Forest ( ZNR ) 278 2 Graypelt Hunter ( WWK ) 13 3 Graypelt Refuge ( MYS1 ) 249 3 Hada Freeblade ( WWK ) 38 4 Join the Ranks ( WWK ) 2 Joraga Bard ( ZEN ) 17 1 Kazandu Blademaster ( ZEN ) 2 Khalni Garden ( C18 ) 262 3 Ondu Cleric ( ZEN ) 4 Oran-Rief Survivalist ( ZEN ) 2 Ornithopter ( MYS1 ) 167 7 Plains ( ZNR ) 266 2 Safe Passage ( M13 ) 29 2 Sejiri Steppe ( DDG ) 1 Stirring Wildwood ( C17 ) 281 1 Sunpetal Grove ( XLN ) 257 3 Talus Paladin ( WWK ) 2 Tempest of Light ( M10 ) 2 Turntimber Ranger ( ZEN ) 4 Vines of Vastwood ( MM2 )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
Text Size A A
J. Am. Chem. Soc .
This TEM image shows nanozeolite crystals that house ruthenium nanoclusters .
By stabilizing ruthenium ( 0 ) nanoclusters within a nanozeolite framework , chemists at Middle East Technical University , in Ankara , Turkey , have made a heterogeneous catalyst that exhibits remarkable activity , selectivity , and lifetime in the hydrogenation of aromatics under mild conditions — 25 °C and roughly 3 atm of H 2 ( J. Am. Chem .
Soc. , DOI : 10.1021/ja101602d ) .
Because the catalyst works on neat aromatics , it offers a greener hydrogenation than catalysts that require solvents , say Mehmet Zahmakiran , Yalçin Tonbul , and Saim Özkar , who did the research .
The team prepared the catalyst via borohydride reduction of a colloidal solution of nanozeolites that have undergone ion exchange with Ru( III ) .
Upon investigating the catalyst ’s properties , they discovered that during benzene hydrogenation to cyclohexane the catalyst will undergo 177,200 turnovers during the course of 105 hours before becoming deactivated .
That ’s the highest total turnover ever reported for this reaction and is 70 times greater than the previous record .
In addition to benzene , the catalyst works well with substituted aromatics , such as toluene , o- xylene , and mesitylene .
Furthermore , the catalysts are isolable , bottleable , and reusable , making them “ superior ” to many other hydrogenation catalysts , the researchers note .
Do n't feed the animals , but feel free to feed on them in the restaurant , visitors to Chinese capital 's zoo are told
Visitors to Beijing zoo are warned not to feed the animals , but they are encouraged to eat them at a restaurant that offers crocodile and scorpion on its exotic menu .
After watching the beasts in their cages , diners at the zoo 's restaurant can gnaw on the webbed toes of a hippopotamus , chew a kangaroo tail , nibble a deer 's penis or slurp down a bowl of ant soup .
The sale of the dishes has caused outrage since it was reported by the Legal Daily newspaper earlier this week , with conservationists condemning the practice .
" It is utterly inappropriate for a zoo to sell such items , " said Ge Rui of the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
" One of the zoo 's missions is to foster love of animals and a desire to protect them .
But by selling the meat of caged beasts , this zoo stimulates consumption and increases pressure on the animals in the wild .
It is socially irresponsible . "
Chang Jiwen , a legal expert at the China Academy of Social Sciences who is trying to draft an animal protection law , said : " Although it is legal , I do n't think it is humanitarian .
It is very inappropriate and immoral of them to sell such products .
It is against the aim of the zoo . "
Online comment was also predominantly critical .
" Watching animals imprisoned in a limited space while eating their siblings , how would you feel ? " wrote Zheng Yuanjie , a famous Chinese writer , in his microblog .
The owners of the Bin Feng Tang restaurant were unwilling to comment to the Guardian , but they have told domestic media that the meat was from exotic animal farms and its sale had been going on for several years with the full approval of the authorities .
In the wake of the negative coverage , however , staff said they would be revising the menu , which also includes set dishes of scorpion , peacock , ostrich egg , shark fin soup and other delicacies for between 100 and 1,000 yuan ( £ 10 - £ 100 ) .
The criticism is a sign of changing times .
In the past , notices on each of the zoo 's animal cages included information about which parts were the tastiest and most useful according to traditional Chinese medicine .
Those details have now been omitted .
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 1 May 2010
Elections are a time for smearing , and the Mail ’s desperate story about Nick Clegg and the Nazis is my favourite so far .
Generally the truth comes out , in time .
But how much damage can smears do ?
A new experiment published this month in the journal “ Political Behaviour ” sets out to examine the impact of corrections , and what they found was far more disturbing than they expected : far from changing peoples ’ minds , if you are deeply entrenched in your views , a correction will only reinforce them .
The first experiment used articles claiming that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction immediately before the US invasion .
130 participants were asked to read a mock news article , attributed to Associated Press , reporting on a Bush campaign stop in Pennsylvania during October 2004 .
The article describes Bush ’s appearance as “ a rousing , no - retreat defense of the Iraq war ” and quotes a line from a genuine Bush speech from that year , suggesting that Saddam Hussein really did have WMD , which he could have passed to terrorists , and so on .
“ There was a risk , a real risk , that Saddam Hussein would pass weapons or materials or information to terrorist networks , and in the world after September the 11th , ” said Bush : “ that was a risk we could not afford to take . ”
The 130 participants were then randomly assigned to one of two conditions .
For half of them , the article stopped there .
For the other half , the article continues , and includes a correction : it discusses the release of the Duelfer Report , which documented the lack of Iraqi WMD stockpiles or an active production program immediately prior to the US invasion .
After reading the article , subjects were asked to state whether they agreed with the following statement : “ Immediately before the U.S. invasion , Iraq had an active weapons of mass destruction program , the ability to produce these weapons , and large stockpiles of WMD , but Saddam Hussein was able to hide or destroy these weapons right before U.S. forces arrived . ”
Their responses were measured on a five - point scale ranging from “ strongly disagree ” to “ strongly agree ” .
As you would expect , those who self - identified as conservatives were more likely to agree with the statement .
Separately , meanwhile , more knowledgeable participants ( independently of political persuasion ) were less likely to agree .
But then the researchers looked at the effect of whether you were also given the correct information at the end of the article , and this is where things get interesting .
They had expected that the correction would become less effective in more conservative participants , and this was true , up to a point : so for very liberal participants , the correction worked as expected , making them more likely to disagree with the statement that Iraq had WMD when compared with those who were very liberal but received no correction .
For those who described themselves as left of center , or centrist , the correction had no effect either way .
But for people who placed themselves ideologically to the right of center , the correction was n’t just ineffective , it actively backfired : conservatives who received a correction telling them that Iraq did not have WMD were more likely to believe that Iraq had WMD than people who were given no correction at all .
Where you might have expected people simply to dismiss a correction that was incongruous with their pre-existing view , or regard it as having no credibility , it seems that in fact , such information actively reinforced their false beliefs .
Maybe the cognitive effort of mounting a defense against the incongruous new facts entrenches you even further .
Maybe you feel marginalised and motivated to dig in your heels .
Who knows .
But these experiments were then repeated , in various permutations , on the issue of tax cuts ( or rather , the idea that tax cuts had increased national productivity so much that tax revenue increased overall ) and stem cell research .
All the studies found exactly the same thing : if the original dodgy fact fits with your prejudices , a correction only reinforces these even more .
If your goal is to move opinion , then this depressing finding suggests that smears work , and what ’s more , corrections do n’t challenge them much : because for people who already agree with you , it only make them agree even more .
In Arizona ’s Santa Cruz County , the cities of Nogales , Ariz. , and Nogales , Mexico , share more than a name .
“ The two communities kind of melt together , ” said George Silva , the county attorney , who grew up in Arizona ’s Nogales .
So it ’s no surprise to Silva that the 2007 Legal Arizona Workers Act -- at the time the first state law in the nation to prohibit businesses from knowingly hiring illegal immigrants -- has n’t been a top priority for the county .
Silva said he had received only a couple of inquiries about the law and his office had not prosecuted an employer .
As it turns out , Santa Cruz County is not alone .
Advertisement
Officials from 12 of the state ’s 15 counties said last week that they had not taken legal action against any businesses for failure to comply with the law .
Officials in two counties -- Apache and Coconino -- could not be reached for comment .
Proponents of Arizona ’s tough laws against illegal immigrants say the lack of prosecutions is a sign of the law ’s success in deterring border crossers .
Critics of the measure , which went into effect in 2008 , say the law has only pushed illegal immigrants deeper underground in the workforce .
Last week , Arizona advanced its reputation as the toughest state on illegal immigration when it passed a bill that requires police , if they suspect someone is in the country illegally , to determine the person ’s immigration status .
The bill , SB1070 , also allows citizens to sue local agencies that do n’t enforce the law .
Advertisement
Before the newest anti-illegal - immigrant law was enacted , one county stood out in its effort to enforce the Legal Arizona Workers Act .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and former County Atty .
Andrew Thomas have boasted about their strict enforcement .
After dozens of raids , complaints have been brought against three businesses .
A sandwich shop was ordered to close for two days .
A Phoenix water park was found to have violated the law , but it went out of business before the case was settled .
A third case involving a furniture manufacturing company is still working its way through the court system .
But south in Nogales , where the economy relies heavily on the produce packing industry , Silva said other issues were more urgent than enforcing the workers act , such as “ crimes where people are being hurt . ”
County attorneys in other border areas , including Cochise County in southeastern Arizona , also say they have n’t had a single complaint .
Advertisement
“ Cochise County is not a destination for illegal immigrants , ” said Edward Rheinheimer , the county attorney .
No businesses have been sanctioned in Gila or Yuma counties , or in the second - largest metropolitan area , Pima County .
Arizona has the highest number of employers participating in E - Verify , a federal online system that verifies the status of new hires .
The Arizona Legal Workers
Act requires businesses to participate in the system .
More than 30,000 employers are enrolled , almost double the number taking part in California , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
“ Businesses are complying with the law and going about their business , ” said Glenn Hamer , chief executive of the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Advertisement
He said compliance was why there had n’t been an “ explosion ” of cases in the last two years , but he also acknowledged that the federal online system had been found to be inaccurate .
A December 2009 report for the Department of Homeland Security found that 54 % of unauthorized workers who submitted to E - Verify received erroneous work authorizations .
In Santa Cruz County , Silva said he did n’t think businesses were getting away with employing illegal immigrants .
He said he would prosecute if a complaint were formally filed , and said a large contingent of Immigration and Customs officials and Border Patrol agents was assigned to the county .
“ Here we have the feds doing their thing , ” he said .
Advertisement
Silva said his staff focused more on drug problems spilling into the U.S. from Mexico .
“ Immigration is not an issue because we see it day in and day out , ” he said .
“ We have so many ties to the Mexican community that it ’s just not an issue . ”
nicole.santacruz@
latimes.com
They ’re the men behind the biggest class action in the country , and they have the big four banks in their sights .
James Middleweek is the boss of Perth firm Financial Redress , a legal service that specialises in recovering unfair bank and credit - card charges .
Taking on the big banks ... James Middleweek and Hugh McLernon .
BusinessDay today reported that the big banks face the biggest class action in Australian corporate history for overcharging their millions of customers about $ 5 billion in penalty and late fees over the past six years .
Financial Redress was formed in 2009 and is a subsidiary of litigation funders IMF Australia .
The agreement on the transfer of Iran 's enriched uranium , achieved via Turkish - Brazilian mediation , is an important victory for Iranian diplomacy and a debacle for Israeli policy .
The deal reduces the chances , which were slim to begin with , of new sanctions being imposed on Iran , and makes a military strike against Iran even less feasible .
The full , precise details of the agreement are not known , and the devil is in the details .
But the deal 's significance is clear : a new atmosphere , at least on the face of it , of dialogue , negotiations and compromise with the ayatollahs ' regime in Tehran .
U.S. and French spokesmen did express doubts about the likelihood of the deal being implemented , and they do understand that it enables Iran to continue its nuclear program in line with the timetable it has set for itself .
But in the atmosphere that has now been created , the Obama administration will find it even harder to convince Russia and China to support a resolution to impose sanctions on Iran .
Moreover , there is no majority for such a move on the Security Council .
It is not clear whether the United States was in the know about the talks between Turkey , Brazil and Iran , though there are some who believe it was undoubtedly involved .
But either way , Washington is not upset over the agreement .
If he so wishes , U.S. President Barack Obama could use the deal as a springboard for talks with Iran - not only about its nuclear program , but also about the broader strategic context that includes Iraq , Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf .
The agreement is based on an earlier deal that Iran helped formulate , but ultimately pulled out of .
Under that deal , reached in Geneva and Vienna in September and October 2009 , Iran was to transfer 1.2 tons of low - enriched uranium to Russia , and from there to France , where it would be further enriched to a 20 percent level and transformed into nuclear fuel rods .
The aim of that deal was to get the uranium away from Iran so that it would be unable to enrich it to the 90 percent level necessary for the fissile material used in nuclear weapons .
Indeed , the amount Iran was supposed to transfer seven months ago constituted 75 percent of its total supply of enriched uranium .
Since then , however , its centrifuges have been working overtime .
Two tons of low - enriched uranium are now stored at its enrichment facility in Natanz .
Thus even if Iran hands over the uranium called for in the agreement , it will still have nearly a ton .
That would be sufficient raw material for the further enrichment needed to produce fissile material .
U.S. EPA 's proposed regulation of coal ash as a hazardous waste was changed at the White House to give equal standing to an alternative favored by the coal industry and coal - burning electric utilities .
The Obama administration is now considering two competing rules for regulating the ash that contains toxins that include arsenic , lead and mercury .
The first would set binding federal disposal requirements for the ash , and the second would label the ash nonhazardous and leave enforcement to the states ( E&ENews PM , May 4 ) .
EPA released the two - headed proposal Tuesday for public comments .
But there was just one rule proposal that EPA sent to the White House 's Office of Management and Budget last October and that would have labeled coal ash a hazardous waste , documents released yesterday show .
EPA said then that compliance with the hazardous - waste regulations would be more expensive but that costs would be outweighed by health and environmental benefits .
EPA wrote then that " maintaining a [ nonhazardous ] approach would not be protective of human and the environment . "
What changed in the six months that the proposal was in OMB 's hands ?
Says EPA : Its administrator , Lisa Jackson , changed her mind about the hazardous - waste designation .
" After extensive discussions , the Administrator decided that both the [ hazardous and nonhazardous ] options merited consideration for addressing the formidable challenge of safely managing coal ash disposal , " EPA said in a statement .
In its deliberations on the rule , OMB had more than 40 meetings with stakeholders , 30 with industry groups and at least 12 with environmental and public health groups , according to office 's records .
OMB declined to comment on the matter , referring questions to EPA .
Proponents of the hazardous designation say Jackson was bullied away from the agency 's original proposal by industry lobbyists and OMB economists .
" OMB is substituting its judgment for the judgment of the EPA administrator , and that 's not the way this is supposed to work , " said Rena Steinzor , president of the Center for Progressive Reform and a professor at the University of Maryland Law School .
" Lisa Jackson is accountable for environmental protection and that she could be overruled by a bunch of economists in the basement of the executive office tells us that this process is frighteningly dysfunctional . "
Environmentalists have been pressing EPA for the hazardous designation for years , but the campaign gained momentum 16 months ago when a wet storage pond at a Kingston , Tenn. , power plant failed , spilling about 1 billion gallons of sludge into surrounding lands and rivers .
Even when the ponds do not fail , they can leach toxic concentrations of heavy metals into water supplies , said Lisa Evans , an attorney with the nonprofit Earthjustice .
Under the hazardous option EPA proposed Tuesday , such ponds would be phased out over five years .
The nonhazardous alternative would allow new wet storage ponds to be built but require new safety measures and pollution monitoring devices .
Utilities and companies that sell coal ash for recycling as a building material argue that a hazardous designation overstates the health risks from coal ash and would unnecessarily impose new storage costs .
They also say it would stigmatize building materials that use recycled coal ash and send more of the waste to landfills ( Greenwire , Jan. 13 ) .
The changes to EPA 's proposal during the OMB review suggest the regulatory - review process worked properly , said Jim Roewer , executive director of the Utility Solid Waste Activities Group .
Both environmental groups and affected business had an opportunity to share their views , Roewer said .
The number of meetings with industry groups should not be seen as " undue influence " but rather the result of the high number of companies affected by coal ash rules , he said .
The review process " does open the opportunity for interested stakeholders to present their views so that EPA or whatever federal agency is developing a rule can get as much information as possible , " Roewer said .
" To say this is a bad thing for public policy seems like a strange argument . "
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Hacker ' selling 1.5 million stolen Facebook users ' login details on the black market '
A hacker has put 1.5 million stolen Facebook accounts up for sale on the black market , an internet security firm has claimed .
Researchers at VeriSign ’s iDefense Labs said they had found the stolen or bogus accounts on a Russian forum called Carder.su .
A hacker called ' kirllos ' was offering log - in data of thousands of Facebook users at bargain basement prices .
For sale : Security firm VeriSign said they tracked one hacker who was offering 1.5 million Facebook account details
Bundles of 1,000 accounts with 10 or fewer friends were on sale for just $ 25 while accounts with more than 10 friends could be bought for $ 45 .
Rick Howard director of iDefense , said the case points to a boom in the illegal trading of social networking accounts from Eastern Europe to the U.S .
Criminals typically steal data with ' phishing ' techniques that trick users into giving out their passwords , or with malware that logs computer keystrokes .
The accounts can then be hijacked to send spam and malicious programs .
Personal information including birth dates , addresses and phone numbers can be used to commit identity fraud .
However , Facebook has poured scorn on the latest claims , saying ' kirllos ' was known to investigators for making wild claims .
Company spokesman Barry Schnitt said Facebook had tried to buy details from kirllos during its own investigation but that , ' the hacker was unable to produce anything for our buyer . '
He pointedly told The New York Times : ' We would expect iDefense or anyone presenting themselves as a security expert to do this kind of verification ( or any verification ) rather than just reading a forum post and accepting the claims as fact and publicising them . '
VeriSign said that it did not purchase any of the accounts as part of its study because that would violate its corporate policy .
Facebook has a security team that monitors the social networking site for suspicious activity , such as many friends requests in a short period of time and high rates of friend requests that are ignored .
Users who fear their account has been hacked can also report the matter through the Help Centre .
The World from Berlin ' North Korea Seems To Have a Sort of Death Wish '
This week , international investigators determined that a North Korean torpedo was responsible for the sinking of a South Korean warship in March that resulted in the deaths of 46 sailors .
German commentators say China , as Pyongyang 's sole protector , holds the keys to resolving the conflict .
Microsoft is the latest company to buy space on the front of a W.N.B.A. jersey .
It said Wednesday that it had signed a multiyear sponsorship agreement with the Seattle Storm , the latest in a string of major marketing deals for women ’s sports .
Microsoft , which is not an especially big player in the sports marketing business , will use the deal to help promote its new search engine , Bing .
The logo will be placed on the front of the team ’s jerseys above the number .
Microsoft is also eager to reinforce its standing in the Seattle area , where it has its headquarters .
“ The opportunity to be front and center with an up - and - coming league is very attractive to us because we are up - and - coming in the search area , ” said Satya Nadella , a senior vice president for research and development at Microsoft .
“ We thought it is a good fit with the demographics of the W.N.B.A . ”
He wrote : " The War on Drugs has failed - but it 's worse than that .
It is actively harming our society .
Violent crime is thriving in the shadows to which the drug trade has been consigned .
People who genuinely need help can't get it .
Neither can people who need medical marijuana to treat terrible diseases .
We are spending billions , filling up our prisons with non-violent offenders and sacrificing our liberties . "
35 Awesome Examples of Tilt - Shift Photography
Advertisement
Photography is shooting subjects from high angle .
These affect can be achieved with special camera lens and professionalism .
This composition allows the photographer to learn the concepts and special techniques of Tilt - Shift photography .
Here are 35 Awesome Examples of Tilt - Shift Photography .
OMAHA , Neb . — Warren Buffett , long a critic of the excesses of Wall Street and the risks of derivatives , is emerging as a stalwart defender of the financial system .
At Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s annual meeting here this weekend , the legendary investor mounted a vigorous defense of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , sued for civil fraud by regulators and under assault by Congress for its business dealings .
And he praised the business model of Moody 's Corp. , whose ratings agency has been lambasted as too cozy with bankers .
Though ...
[ Python - Dev ] Fixing the GIL ( with a BFS scheduler )
Hi all , Here is a second ( last ? ) attempt at getting traction on fixing the GIL ( is it broken ? ) with BFS ( WTF ? ) .
So do n't be shy ( do n't be too rude either ) since ignoring counts as down voting .
Relevant Python issue : http://bugs.python.org/issue7946
* Bottom line first * I submitted an implementation of BFS ( http://ck.kolivas.org/patches/bfs/sched-BFS.txt) as a patch to the GIL , which to the extent I have tested it , behaves nicely on Windows XP , Windows 7 , GNU / Linux with either CFS or O ( 1 ) schedulers , 1/2/4 cores , laptop , desktop and VirtualBox VM guest ( some data below ) .
The patch is still work in progress and requires work in terms of style , moving code where it belongs , test code , etc ... nevertheless , Python core developers recommended I already ( re ) post to python - dev for discussion .
* So is the GIL broken ? *
There seems to be some disagreement on that question among Python core developers ( unless you all agree it is not broken :) ) .
Some developers maintain the effects described by David Beazley do not affect real world systems .
Even I took the role of a devil 's advocate in a previous discussion , but in fact I think that Python , being a general purpose language , is similar to the OS in that regard .
It is used across many application domains , platforms , and development paradigms , just as OS schedulers are , and therefore accepting thread scheduling with such properties as a fact of life is not a good idea .
I was first bitten by the original GIL last year while testing a system , and found David 's research while looking for answers , and later had to work around that problem in another system .
Here are other real world cases : 1 ) Zope people hit this back in 2002 and documented the problem with interesting insight :
http://www.zope.org/Members/glpb/solaris/multiproc
" I have directly observed a 30 % penalty under MP constraints when the sys.setcheckinterval value was too low ( and there was too much GIL thrashing ) . "
http://www.zope.org/Members/glpb/solaris/report_ps
" A machine that 's going full - throttle is n't as bad , curiously enough -- because the other CPU 's are busy doing real work , the GIL does n't have as much opportunity to get shuffled between CPUs .
On a MP box it's very important to set sys.setcheckinterval ( ) up to a fairly large number , I recommend pystones / 50 or so . "
2 ) Python mailing list - 2005 http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-list/2005-August/336286.html
" The app suffers from serious performance degradation ( compared to pure c / C++ ) and high context switches that I suspect the GIL unlocking may be aggravating ? "
3 ) Python mailing list - 2008 http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-list/2008-June/1143217.html
" When I start the server , it sometimes eats up 100 % of the CPU for a good minute or so ... though none of the threads are CPU - intensive " 4 ) Twisted http://twistedmatrix.com/pipermail/twisted-python/2005-July/011048.html
" When I run a CPU intensive method via threads .
deferToThread it takes all the CPU away and renders the twisted process unresponsive . "
Admittedly , it is not easy to dig reports up in Google .
Finally , I think David explained the relevance of this problem quite nicely : http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/2010-March/098416.html
* What about the new GIL ?*
There is no real world experience with the new GIL since it is under development .
What we have is David 's analysis and a few benchmarks from the bug report .
* Evolving the GIL into a scheduler *
The problem addressed by the GIL has always been * scheduling * threads to the interpreter , not just controlling access to it .
The patches by Antoine and David essentially evolve the GIL into a scheduler , however both cause thread starvation or high rate of context switching in some scenarios ( see data below ) .
* BFS * Enter BFS , a new scheduler designed by Con Kolivas , a Linux kernel hacker who is an expert in this field : http://ck.kolivas.org/patches/bfs/sched-BFS.txt
" The goal of the Brain Fuck Scheduler , referred to as BFS from here on , is to completely do away with the complex designs of the past for the cpu process scheduler and instead implement one that is very simple in basic design .
The main focus of BFS is to achieve excellent desktop interactivity and responsiveness without heuristics and tuning knobs that are difficult to understand , impossible to model and predict the effect of , and when tuned to one workload cause massive detriment to another . "
I submitted an implementation of BFS ( bfs.patch ) which on my machines gives comparable performance to gilinter2. patch ( Antoine's ) and seems to schedule threads more fairly , predictably , and with lower rate of context switching ( see data below ) .
There are however , some issues in bfs.
patch : 1 ) It works on top of the OS scheduler , which means ( for all GIL patches ! ) : a)
It does not control and is not aware of information such as OS thread preemption , CPU core to run on , etc ... b)
There may be hard to predict interaction between BFS and the underlying OS scheduler , which needs to be tested on each target platform .
2 ) It works best when TSC ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_Stamp_Counter) is available and otherwise falls back to gettimeofday ( ) .
I expect the scheduler to misbehave to some degree or affect performance when TSC is not available and either of the following is true : a ) if gettimeofday ( ) is very expensive to read ( impacts release / acquire overhead ) . b) if gettimeofday ( ) has very low precision ~ 10 ms .
By design of BFS , once CPU load crosses a given threshold ( about 8 CPU bound tasks which need the CPU at once ) , the scheduler falls back to FIFO behavior and latency goes up sharply .
I have no data on how bfs . patch behaves on ARM , AMD , old CPU models , OSX , FreeBSD , Solaris , or mobile .
The patch may require some tuning to work properly on those systems , so data is welcome ( make sure TSC code in Include / cycle.h works on those systems before benching ) .
All that said , to the extent I have tested it , bfs. patch behaves nicely on Windows XP , Windows 7 , GNU / Linux with either CFS or O ( 1 ) schedulers , 1/2/4 cores , laptop , desktop and VirtualBox VM guest .
* Data * Comparison of proposed patches running ccbench on Windows XP : http://bugs.python.org/issue7946#msg104899
Comparison of proposed patches running Florent 's write .py test on Ubuntu Karmic : http://bugs.python.org/issue7946#msg105687
Comparison of old GIL , new GIL and BFS running ccbench on Ubuntu Karmic : http://bugs.python.org/issue7946#msg105874
Last comparison includes a run of old GIL with sys.setcheckinterval ( 2500 ) as Zope people do .
IO latency shoots up to ~1000 ms as result .
* What can be done with it ?*
Here are some options : 1 ) Abandon it - no one is interested , yawn .
2 ) Take ideas and workarounds from its code and apply to other patches .
3 ) Include it in the interpreter as an auxiliary ( turn on with a runtime switch ) scheduler .
4 ) Adopt it as the Python scheduler .
* Opinion ?*
Your opinion is needed ( however , please submit code review comments which are not likely to interest other people , e.g. " why did you use volatile for X ? " , at the issue page : http://bugs.python.org/issue7946).
Thanks ,
Nir -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : < http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/attachments/20100516/845a35b2/attachment.html>
Sri Lanka ’s Vindictive Peace
Last May , Sri Lankan soldiers captured the final piece of land held by the separatist Tamil Tigers , killing hundreds of rebel fighters , including the group ’s leader , and definitively ending a 26 - year civil war that claimed as many as 100,000 lives .
On May 19 , the first anniversary of the war ’s end , however , there is little to celebrate .
As many as 93,000 Tamils remain in detention camps and transit centers , while 11,700 more ( of which 550 are children ) are being held as ex-combatants without charges , denied access to an attorney or their families .
Conditions in the camps and prisons are appalling , with human rights groups documenting cases of torture and rape , in addition to poor housing , health , sanitation , and education facilities .
This is not what peace is supposed to look like .
And the centers and camps are only the most visible symptom of the Sri Lankan government ’s apparent disinterest in genuine reconciliation .
Far from ending the root conflict , the end of fighting has left the island as ethnically divided as ever , undermining the prospects for a durable peace and regional stability .
In many ways , Sri Lanka has simply traded the horror of war for conflict of another , more tedious , continuous sort : a two - tiered society in which Tamils are kept at the bottom .
The evidence is everywhere .
Outside the detention and transit centers , there has been little significant reconstruction or development in the Tamil regions of the country .
Citizens believe that vital aid to rebuild war - torn communities is being siphoned by the government for its own budget priorities , including investment in tourist projects in the former warzone .
More than 1.5 million landmines contaminate the north of the country .
Few job programs have been launched , and infrastructure has been neglected , leaving many Tamils unable to return to communities where homes , schools , hospitals , businesses , and churches were destroyed .
Land seized during the conflict has not been returned , and fishing rights have not been restored .
More ominously , President Mahinda Rajapaksa ’s government has made no headway in advancing the essential freedoms and political reforms necessary for true reconciliation , like political power - sharing and decentralization .
Such changes could help eradicate the Tamil disenfranchisement that inspired the insurgency in the first place , for example by giving the Tamil - dominated north a stronger voice in the country ’s government .
But instead of launching those sorts of conciliatory programs , as Rajapaksa promised he would do in his successful reelection campaign in January , the government has done exactly the opposite .
After the election , Rajapaksa ’s administration arrested his opponent and accused him of plotting a coup .
The government continues to intimidate the press and restrict freedom of movement and speech .
It is discouraging Tamils from returning to their homelands and instead pushing the resettlement of majority Sinhalese in the north and east .
In short , the policy smacks of an official campaign to engineer the island ’s demographics and diminish the Tamil culture .
Instead of ending discrimination , the government ’s actions too often institutionalize it .
What Rajapaksa does n’t seem to realize is that the quest for Tamil equality and dignity did not end with the military defeat of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , as the rebel group was formally known .
The government and the Tamils will only fully and finally resolve their differences when equality is promoted for all citizens , and when hope and prosperity are open to everyone .
That opportunity is open to Rajapaksa today , but he shows few signs of taking it , or of amending the decades - long policies of marginalizing Tamils .
Take the Rajapaksa government ’s intention to establish a Commission on Lessons Learned and Reconciliation , for example .
This will only be worthwhile if it is independent , impartial , fully funded , and empowered to investigate war crimes .
And the chances of that , in such a climate , are slim .
It must have a mandate to uncover the truth and hold people accountable , or it risks being a whitewash commission .
In the meantime , it is urgent that the international community not write off Sri Lanka as a closed book .
Its message instead to Rajapaksa must be clear :
The time to act is now ; he must rise above the ethnic divide and move to transform Sri Lanka , with power - sharing a key component .
The United States and other democracies , along with international agencies and NGOs , can promote this by tying assistance to political progress and investing in much - needed infrastructure projects in predominantly Tamil areas .
The local population must also be involved in these efforts .
That will help develop a skilled labor force and encourage Tamils to see the government as their ally in reconstruction and good government .
The Tamil diaspora can contribute its energy , expertise , and resources to this effort , if just conditions are created on the island .
But as long as tens of thousands of Tamils are detained and hundreds of thousands more are neglected , there will only be rancor , not reconciliation .
Many will believe that the government has gone from a shooting war against the rebels to a war of attrition against Tamil society at large .
The world community needs to step up and seize the moment , showing people everywhere that wars are won by the peace they create , not by the battles that end them .
Helps guides new players into the world of Dungeons and Dragons , with a blog to follow that is updated everyday about D&D !
Beta Version : Patch 3 ( version 0.5.0.14219B )
The Raven is the new Terran end - game caster unit in Starcraft 2 , and its abilities are completely new compared to Starcraft 1 .
Terran players are still carving out its exact role in gameplay , but this unit is definitely not the Science Vessel of old with a new paint job .
The Raven has some kickass abilities that may very well define end - game Terran play against all 3 races .
So what ’s in the new bag tricks , and where do we use these new abilities ?
Starting with the Basics
The Raven requires a Starport with a Tech Lab .
It requires 100 minerals , 200 gas , takes 2 supply and 60 ‘ seconds ’ to build .
The end result is a Light Mechanical Unit with 140 HP , 1 Armor and no basic attack .
The Raven obviously flies , and it is a Detector with a large sight radius .
The Raven has 2 abilities by default , the Auto Turret and Point Defense Drone , and you can obtain the Seeker Missile ability with an upgrade at the Starport ’s Tech Lab , provided you ’ve built a Fusion Core building .
The Raven is affected by a total of 6 upgrades .
Ship Armor Plating , Levels 1 -
3
Auto - Turret and Point Defense Drone Duration Increase ( Increases duration from 180 to 240 Seconds on each )
Seeker Missile Upgrade
Raven Starting Energy Upgrade ( Increases the starting energy from 50 to 75 )
Auto - Turret and Point Defense Drone Range Increase ( Increases the range on both by 1 )
Building Armor Upgrade ( Increases Auto Turret armor from 1 to 3 )
Raven Abilities
The Auto Turret
Auto Turrets costs 50 Energy , and you place them manually as if you were creating a building .
The Raven then spits the Turret out at that location – the Turret placement itself seems to have a medium range , somewhere from 4 - 6 .
You can Shift - Queue up a blanket of Turrets to have multiple Ravens quickly spam them out .
Auto Turrets last for 3 minutes by default , and 4 minutes with the duration upgrade .
In the heat of actual gameplay , 3 minutes feels like a very long time .
You can easily toss a Turret down in an area you want to keep an eye on , like an expansion or frequently traveled ground lane .
They do 10 DPS , or 8 damage a shot with a 0.8 cooldown .
They attack Ground and Air units with a base range of 6 or 7 with the Hi-Sec Auto Tracking upgrade at the Engineering Bay .
They have 150 HP with a Base Armor of 1 .
The Building Armor upgrade at the Engineering Bay bumps this up to 3 .
Auto Turrets are very cheap and durable sources of damage .
It ’s easy to fire a few of these in an opponent ’s base during a pitched battle and watch the damage they cause over their duration .
An uninterrupted Turret constantly firing will do 1800 - 2400 damage over its duration , which is a pretty good investment for 75 energy .
That can rival the efficiency of something like Psi Storm , even .
If the fight moves away from the Auto Turret , then you ’ve just paid 75 energy for a stationary scout .
That ’s still not awful , but it ’s clear the placement of Turrets will play heavily into their efficiency .
This is another tool in the Terran arsenal which seems best used at their base or yours , but not so much in between .
Lastly , Auto Turrets seem to be a high priority target for the AI .
You can throw them down in front of your army to draw fire , or take attention away from your weaker troops .
This may give them a great application against threats to the M&M ball like Banelings or Colossus .
The Point Defense Drone
Point Defense Drones are currently being underutilized in Beta , because it ’s a little hard to realize what they ’re doing exactly and where they fit in a matchup .
Let ’s run the numbers .
Point Defense Drones cost 100 Energy , and they have a small placement radius around the Raven itself .
You have to manually place them as if you were placing a building , similar to an Auto Turret .
Point Defense Drones hover in the air above a fight , and then they work some magic .
Point Defense Drones have 200 energy , and they use this energy to fire a laser that negates enemy projectiles .
Each laser is 10 energy per shot from the Point Defense Drone .
The radius it covers is pretty significant .
We can compare this ability to the old defensive Matrix , as they both cost the same amount of energy on a similar tech / tier of unit , and ultimately resulted in less damage taken by the Terran army .
Defense Matrix soaked up 250 damage .
The damage a PDD can soak up is variable to the types of damage being thrown at it , however , since it negates the attack completely .
On the low end , if it soaks up 20 shots of a Battlecruiser ’s fast - firing 6 damage air - to - air attack , it will have only mitigated 120 damage .
Ouch .
However , against a group of Hydralisks firing 12 damage shots , it ’s soaking 240 .
Against a group of Mutalisks firing 13 damage ( 9+3+1 , accounting for the bounce ) , that puts us at 260 .
Much better .
There are two other things to consider here – it protects every unit under it ’s effective radius , whereas Defense Matrix would only protect one unit .
This benefits the Terran enormously .
If a player is aggressively microing against your army , they can target around one or two units that have been Defense Matrix ’d and effectively negate its impact .
A player cannot micro around a PDD to still deal damage to your army – they have to run it out , or run away .
Note that a PDD can be destroyed as well , but it will defend itself against projectiles with its laser , just like anything else in its radius .
Marines , Archons and Interceptors are n’t effected by it , so watch for those quickly taking it down if you ’re trying to use it in those positions .
The last consideration is that the PDD becomes stronger as the game goes on and upgrades kick in .
Each shot of the PDD negates an attack no matter how upgraded it is .
Viking Missiles do 14 damage vs. armored targets with no upgrades , and 21 damage vs armored targets with 3 upgrades .
The Point Defense Drone does n’t care either way .
So where do you use it ?
PDD ’s seem immediately strongest against Zerg .
They would be fantastic against Terran and Protoss if they answered Siege Tanks , Immortals or Colossus , but they do not .
Negating Hydralisk and Mutalisk attacks gives them a clear purpose against the mid-late game Zerg army which includes plenty of either for damage .
I would place these near sieged tanks to keep Zerg from pushing forward and taking them out .
They can also assist Banshees in harassing or attacking if your opponent is expecting static defense to keep you away .
Lastly , this is another immobile element in Terran ’s gameplan , so it ’s best used at your base or theirs , or at some critical fight in between .
Otherwise , the PDD will have a very lonely point to defend .
The Seeker Missile
The Seeker Missile is a highly destructive ability for the endgame Terran .
It has to be researched at the Starport ’s Tech Lab after you build the Fusion Core .
It also costs a whopping 125 Energy for the Raven to throw .
The result : a slow - moving heat - seeking missile that chases its target , eventually exploding for 100 damage ( ignoring armor ) over a large area .
The missile lasts for 15 seconds , and it can be outrun .
In fact , it moves about as fast as a Medivac when its at a decent range from its target .
However , if the Seeker Missile reaches a certain proximity to its target , it will speed up for the kill and explode .
Seeker Missiles hit both the air and ground , and they will do splash damage to your own troops .
Firing them at incoming Speedlings would be a Bad Idea™ .
It ’s also very easy for a group of Ravens to spread out as they begin to fire off Seeker Missiles , and a targeted troop running under them could cost you a lot of hurt .
Here ’s some testing to show the size of the blast :
Note that many of the troops are hurt , but not killed like the ones at ground zero .
There is a second small splash radius outside the first that only does 25 damage .
These things rock in all 3 match - ups , and they can easily do ridiculous damage in the right circumstances .
BlasiuS recently posted a Terran Vs. Zerg replay at Megaupload ( link is here ) which clearly ends as soon as the Seeker Missiles fly .
Nearly 40 supply worth of Mutalisks die in 2 missiles because they engaged in a pack .
The results were ridiculous .
Here ’s another example from a recent game between SssM ( T ) vs Jero( Z ) on Desert Oasis : YouTube VOD Link .
Now , the Zerg could have technically out - microd the missiles by identifying the targeted Mutalisk ( very difficult ) and sending it away from the pack , or it could have simply run all of the Mutalisks away for 15 seconds .
That second option is much more likely , but he would have definitely lost the expansion he was trying to defend for that response , and he would have lost any ground troops that were left behind in the process .
That ’s a great set of results for Terran .
The Wrap Up
The Seeker Missile gives Terran a way to answer late game clumps of powerful troops , and it gives the Raven a threat while in transit from one base to another .
It also gives the Raven powerful harassment potential .
Two ravens could liquidate a supply line using Seeker Missiles and Auto Turrets .
More Ravens could place Point Defense Drones to potentially bypass static defenses intended to keep them away from Supply Lines as well .
Science Vessels were exciting against Zerg and Protoss , but they often felt cheesy to play against as Zerg as they rolled across the map delivering Irradiate death sentences .
Seeker Missiles will be a bit harder to use due to the collateral damage possibilities , and the ability for the opponent to out - micro ( imagine an Irradiate that could be completely disabled with one successful move action ) .
Realistically , it ’s tough to find time to do everything in Starcraft 2 , and the Raven certainly puts the pressure on the opponent to perform .
Point Defense Drones often function as a one - sided Dark Swarm , or at the very least as a Defense Matrix spread out over an area .
I can see them being used in all 3 match - ups , though especially vs. Zerg .
Auto Turrets give you a quick way to do some efficient damage and add extra incentive to stay away from certain positions , and they could easily be used against all 3 races .
If you already need Detection from a mobile unit , this is an easy way to get extra use out of 1 - 2 Ravens built for that purpose .
Here ’s hoping we see more endgame players using these things to hilarious results !
by Sunny Hundal
Yesterday Don Paskini made a convincing case for Labour MP John McDonnell to be nominated for Labour leadership race .
I agree that the party needs a strong left - wing voice and John is the obvious candidate given that the only other contender has backed out .
There is n’t much time before nominations for the leadership close , so I need some help in putting pressure on these MPs to nominate John and have that wide - ranging debate .
These nominated him last time
1. Diane Abbott MP , Hackney North and Stoke Newington
2. Ronnie Campbell MP , Blyth Valley
3. Martin Caton MP , Gower
-. Michael Clapham MP , Barnsley West and Penistone – stepped down
4. Katy Clark MP , North Ayrshire and Arran
-. Harry Cohen MP , Leyton and Wanstead – stepped down
-. Frank Cook MP , Stockton North – replaced by Alex Cunningham ( Labour ) MP
-. Jeremy Corbyn MP , Islington North – nominating John
-. Jim Cousins MP , Newcastle upon Tyne Central – stepped down
-. Ann Cryer MP , Keighley – stepped down
-. David Drew MP , Stroud – lost his seat .
-. Bill Etherington MP , Sunderland North – stepped down
-. Mark Fisher MP , Stoke - on - Trent Central – stepped down .
5. Paul Flynn MP , Newport West
-. Neil Gerrard MP , Walthamstow – stepped down
-. Dr Ian Gibson MP , Norwich North – resigned
6. Nia Griffith MP , Llanelli
7. David Heyes MP , Ashton- under - Lyne
8. Kelvin Hopkins MP , Luton North
-. Lynne Jones MP , Birmingham , Selly Oak – stepped down
9. Michael Meacher MP , Oldham West and Royton
-. Gordon Prentice MP , Pendle – lost his seat
10 . Linda Riordan MP , Halifax – endorsed Ed Miliband , but persuadable
-. Alan Simpson MP , Nottingham South – stepped down , replaced by Lillian Greenwood ( below )
11 . Dennis Skinner MP , Bolsover
-. David Taylor MP , North West Leicestershire – deceased
-. Robert Wareing MP , Liverpool , West Derby – stepped down
-. Mike Wood MP , Batley and Spen – already supporting him
Other members of Socialist Campaign Group who did n’t nominate him
12 . David Anderson MP
13 . John Cryer MP
14 . David Hamilton MP – has endorsed Ed Miliband but persuadable
15 . Ian Lavery MP
16 . Austin Mitchell MP
Possible
17 . Lisa Nandy MP
18 . Lillian Greenwood MP
19 . Jim Dobbin MP
20 . Graham Stringer MP
21 . Michael Connarty MP
22 . Jon Cruddas MP
23 . Ian Davidson MP
24 . Fabian Hamilton MP
25 . Dai Havard MP
26 . Lindsay Hoyle MP
27 . Alan Meale MP
28 . Marsha Singh MP
29 . Joan Walley MP
30 . David Winnick MP
Definites ( need 33 in total ) confirmed publicly
1. John McDonnell MP
2. Jeremy Corbyn MP
3. Mike Woods MP
4. Graeme Morrice MP
Latest news updates
– John McDonnell admits it will be tough .
– RMT union endorses him ( comment by Harpymarx below )
– Observer ’s political editor Toby Helm thinks John will get it
List update 1
Add some more names of potential candidates and changed Michael Meacher back to being available .
We ’ll know more tonight after the Campaign Group meeting
— — ——
1 . Some of these will no longer be MPs and others will have already declared for other candidates .
We need to identify those and mark them as such .
2 . We ’ll need to name other potentials who may want to nominate him .
3 . We need to call each one and find out where they are .
My suggestion : pick one or two names , find out their office numbers , call them and politely ask whether they would be nominating John McDonnell and why it ’s important that they do .
Then leave a comment or contact me to let me know what you found out .
I ’ll constantly update this list .
[ hat - tip : @novocastrianrob and @ BenCooper86 and @theday2 day for some info .
Update : Thanks to earwicga for lots of help ]
Jurriaan Maessen
Infowars.com
April 11 , 2010
According to declassified documents released by the National Security Archive today , former secretary of state and longtime Bilderberger Henry Kissinger rescinded instructions that would have prevented one of the worst terrorist attacks on US soil before September 11 , 2001 , from occurring .
Kissinger meets Gen. Augusto Pinochet , June 8 , 1976 .
On September 21 , 1976 a car - bomb exploded in downtown Washington D.C. , killing a former minister of the Chilean Allende government and his assistant - and signifying a major terrorist attack the likes of which had not been experienced on US soil before .
The perpetrators were quickly identified as agents of the Pinochet regime , out to assassinate the figureheads of rival regimes all over the world .
As it turns out , the string of attacks known as the Condor Murders , was part of a longtime covert operation by several South American intelligence agencies , consisting of international assassinations of dissidents and other enemies of fascist dictators .
Although initially instructions were sent to US ambassadors in South America to warn military leaders of “ a series of international murders ” likely to occur , word came down from the State Department only five days before the incident in Washington , stating that the secretary ( Kissinger ) “ has instructed that no further action be taken on this matter . ”
In other words , Kissinger overruled the first instruction - namely to order the ambassadors to warn the South American heads of state of likely attacks on their persons , replacing it with the instruction to effectively keep silent about them - and by extension - allowing the attack in Washington to move forward unhindered .
The Public Record ( TPR ) online publication mentions that “ the instructions effectively ended efforts by senior State Department officials to deliver a diplomatic demarche , approved by Kissinger only three weeks earlier , to express “ our deep concern ” over “ plans for the assassination of subversives , politicians , and prominent figures both within the national borders of certain Southern Cone countries and abroad . ”
Aimed at the heads of state of Chile , Argentina and Uruguay , the demarche was never delivered . ” , states TPR .
According to Peter Kornbluh , author of The Pinochet File : A Declassified Dossier on Atrocity and accountability this latest revelation is “ the missing piece of the historical puzzle on Kissinger ’s role in the action , and inaction , of the U.S. government after learning of Condor assassination plots . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Indeed .
Only two years after the assassination of former Chilean minister Orlando Letelier in Washington D.C. , a cable was sent from Robert White ( the U.S. ambassador to Paraguay ) to Secretary of State Cyrus Vance , detailing a conversation White had with the chief of staff of Paraguay ’s armed forces .
During the interchange , the General had told White that the South American intelligence chiefs involved in Operation Condor “ ( kept ) in touch with one another through a U.S. Communications installation in the Panama Canal Zone which cover ( ed ) all of Latin America . ”
Professor of political science at Long Island University and chief expert on Operation Condor , J. Patrice McSherry , sums up U.S. involvement in the series of assassinations as follows : “ U.S. military and intelligence officials supported and collaborated with Condor as a secret partner or sponsor . ”
That indeed seems to be the case .
Not only does the Anglo - American establishment sponsor terrorist attacks abroad , it apparently does not shy away from allowing them to proceed within the U.S .
Although it has been widely suspected that Operation Condor ( as the killing - spree had been dubbed ) was supervised by U.S. intelligence services , this latest declassified instruction issued by Kissinger provides definitive proof .
Ironically , it was on September 11 , 2001 , that Chilean human rights lawyers filed a criminal case against both Kissinger and Pinochet for their involvement in Operation Condor .
The very same day the worst terrorist attacks in the history of the United States occurred - in likewise suspicious circumstances ( to put it mildly ) , likewise accommodated by the US intelligence community , and likewise pointing to an international conspiracy of geopolitical strategists , aiming to subdue sovereign nations before absorbing them into an international syndicate of robber - barons , commonly known as the New World Order .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
SYDNEY ( AFP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€œ Australia said Monday it would expel an official from the Israeli embassy after finding the Jewish state was behind fake Australian passports linked to the killing of a Hamas operative .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Australia remained a “ firm friend ” of Israel but no government could tolerate the abuse of its passports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The government has asked that a member of the Israeli embassy in Canberra be withdrawn from Australia , ” Smith told parliament , without identifying the official .
“ I have asked that the withdrawal be effected within a week . ”
An investigation into how four Australian passports were used by the team that carried out the January killing of Hamas operative Mahmud al - Mabhuh in a luxury Dubai hotel found the documents were forgeries , Smith said .
He said the high quality of the forged passports pointed to the involvement of a state intelligence service .
“ These investigations and advice have left the government in no doubt that Israel was responsible for the abuse and counterfeiting of these passports , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Smith said this was not the first time that Israel had misused Australian passports , but he declined to comment on the other occasions .
“ This is not what we expect from a nation with whom we have had such a close , supportive relationship , ” he said .
“ These are not the actions of a friend . ”
“ The government takes this step much more in sorrow than in anger , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Israeli foreign ministry expressed disappointment .
“ We are sorry for the Australian step , which is not in line with the nature and importance of the relationship ( between the two nations ) , ” said foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmore .
ADVERTISEMENT
Suspects in the killing of Mahmud al - Mabhuh used the identities of 12 Britons , as well as those of people from France , Germany and Ireland along with the four Australians , Dubai police have said .
In March Britain kicked out an Israeli diplomat over the “ intolerable ” use of fake British passports also used in the killing .
The British government declined to specify the position of the expelled diplomat , but local media reported the individual was a senior operative in Israel ’s spy agency Mossad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mossad has been widely blamed for the killing of the Hamas operative but Israel maintains there is no proof for this claim .
At a news conference later , Smith said he would not identify the person asked to withdraw .
But he said : “ Our response on any measure is comparable to the British response . ”
Asked whether Israel had offered an explanation , Smith said : “ In terms of the substance of these matters , Israel has not been drawn in those conversations or drawn on those matters . ”
The minister said the development would affect Canberra ’s ties with Tel Aviv but Australia wanted to have a good relationship with Israel , believing it was in the best interests of both countries .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said contact on intelligence sharing and security matters may suffer .
“ Clearly , as a result of today ’s events there will be something of a cooling - off period so far as relevant agencies are concerned , ” Smith said .
“ We would want very much for those cooperative relationships to proceed but there does require a rebuilding of trust and confidence . ”
In Jerusalem Dan Meridor , Israel ’s deputy prime minister and minister for intelligence and atomic energy , told journalists his country ’s relationship with Australia was “ strong and deep and broad enough to overcome this step . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The relationship will continue because we face the same threats , the same problems … in fighting for a more stable world , ” Meridor said .
I figured I ’d give everybody ( and by " everybody " I mean " stat lovers " ) a treat today and throw out some statistics
The recently completed UFC 113 marked the 9th event this year for the most prominent organization in MMA today .
After 93 fights across 6 PPV cards and 3 Spike / Versus cable TV cards , here ’s a look at the end results for every bout .
They ’ve been separated into KO / TKO , submissions , decisions ( split , majority and unanimous are all in one ) , plus the very rare draws / no contests / disqualifications .
Event KO / TKO Subs Decisions Draw/NC /DQ UFC 108 3 4 2 0 UFN 20 1 2 7 1 ( Draw ) UFC 109 2 2 7 0 UFC 110 5 1 3 0 UFC on Versus 1 6 2 3 0 UFC 111 2 3 4 1 ( DQ ) UFN 21 5 1 5 0 UFC 112 3 3 4 0 UFC 113 4 2 5 0 Total 31 20 40 2
Some other facts not included on this table are :
15 out of 46 preliminary card fights have been aired on the PPV or Spike / Versus broadcasts .
An additional 6 were broadcast as part of Spike TV’s " Prelims Live " special .
Of the 8 " Fight of the Night " bonuses given by Dana White , 7 of those fights went to a decision .
Two TKOs were a result of injury .
Duane Ludwig broke his ankle against Darren Elkins at UFC on Versus 1 , while Jason MacDonald broke his leg against John Salter at UFC 113 .
Hope you enjoyed this and at the end of the year we ’ll have the final table along with full comparisons to 2009 .
We ’ve gotten a nice mix of everything this year .
Note : Submission by strikes or punches is still categorized under " submissions " .
- Revelation , 13:5- 7
" The beast was allowed to make proud claims which were insulting to God , and it was permitted to have authority for forty - two months .
It began to curse God , his name , the place where he lives , and all those who live in heaven .
It was allowed to fight against God 's people , and to defeat them , and it was given authority over every tribe , nation , language , and race ... "
Yeast Strain Sources
Yeast Strain Comparison Chart ( White Labs , Wyeast )
This info was put together by Kristen England .
He says , " I tried to get the exact source of each breweries yeast and if I was confident I was correct I put the original brewery .
If I have evidence of a yeast strain but NOT am not 100 % confident I put my idea and a ' ?'.
If you have any questions , comments or input please let me know . "
Kristen England
kristenengland@gmail.com
This is the intellectual property of Kristen England and may not be rebroadcast in any form with out express permission from Kristen England .
In other words , if you want to use any of this information , please email Kristen at kristenengland@gmail.com to get his permission .
Last Updated January 6 , 2009
White Labs
Name Brewery WLP001 California Ale Sierra Nevada WLP002 English Ale Fullers WLP003 German Ale II WLP004 Irish Stout Guinness WLP005 British Ale Ringwood WLP006 Bedford Ale Charles Wells WLP007
Dry English Ale
Whitbred - dry WLP008 East Coast Ale Sam Adam's WLP009
Australian Ale Yeast
Coopers WLP010
Anniversary Ale Blend
WLP001 , WLP002 , WLP004 , WLP810 WLP011
European Ale
Wisenschaftliche Station # 338 ( Munich ) WLP013
London Ale
Worthington White Shield WLP022 Essex Ale Ridley 's Ale near Chelmsford , UK WLP023
Burton Ale
Henley of Thames ( Brakspear Bitter ) WLP025 Southwold Adnam's ?
WLP026 Premium bitter Marstons WLP028 Edinburgh Ale McEwan's WLP029
German Ale / Kolsch Yeast
PJ Früh , Köln WLP036
Düsseldorf Alt Yeast
Düsseldorf ( Zum Uerige ) WLP039
Nottingham Ale Yeast
UK , chosen from multistrain - same as Danstar Nottingham WLP041 Pacific Ale Yeast ( Red Hook ? ) WLP051 California V Anchor Liberty WLP060 American Ale Yeast Blend ( WLP001 , WLP051 , WLP810 ? ) WLP099 Super High Gravity Thomas Hardy WLP300 Hefeweizen Ale Weihenstephan 68 WLP320 American Hefeweizen Ale Zum Uerige ( through Widmer ) WLP351 Bavarian Weizen Yeast Weihenstephan 175 WLP380 Hefeweizen IV Ale Weihenstephan 66 ?
WLP400 Belgian Wit Ale Hoegaarden / Celis WLP410 Belgian Wit II Moortgat Brouwerij ( via Ommegang ? ) WLP500 Trappist Ale Chimay WLP510 Bastogne Belgian Ale Orval WLP515 Antwerp Ale Yeast
De Koninck WLP530 Abbey Ale Yeast
Westmalle WLP540
Abbey IV Ale Yeast Rochefort WLP550
Belgian Ale Yeast Achouffe WLP565 Belgian Saison Brasserie Dupont ( Saison Dupont ) WLP566 Saison II Vieille Provision Saison Dupont WLP570 Belgian Golden Ale Duvel ( Moortgart ) via McEwans WLP575 Belgian Style Ale Yeast Blend WLP500 , WLP530 , WLP550 WLP800 Pilsner Lager Pilsner Urquell WLP802 Czech Budejovice Samsons via Budejovicky Mestansky Pivovar WLP810 San Francisco Lager Anchor Steam WLP820 Octoberfest / Marzen Lager Weihenstephan 206 WLP830 German Lager Weihenstephan 34/70 WLP833
Bock Lager
Ayinger Brewery WLP840 American Pilsner Budweiser WLP885 Zurich Lager Samichlaus WLP940 Mexican lager Grupo Modelo
Wyeast
Strain Brewery 1007 German Ale Düsseldorf ( Zum Uerige ) 1010 American Wheat Widmer vis Zum Uerige 1026 British Cask Ale Oranjeboom and then was adopted by a UK brewery 1028 London Ale Worthington White Shield 1056 American ale Sierra Nevada ( Seibel 96 ) 1084 Irish ale Guinness 1098 British ale Whitbread - dry 1099 Whitbread ale Whitbread 1187 Ringwood ale Pripps Brewery , Sweden ( aka 1742 Swedish porter ) 1214 Belgian ale Chimay 1272 American ale II Anchor Liberty 1275 Thames Valley ale Henley of Thames ( Brakspear Bitter ) 1318 London ale III Boddingtons 1332 Northwest ale Hales Brewery in Seattle via Gales Brewery UK 1338 European ale Wisenschaftliche Station # 338 ( Munich ) 1388 Belgian Strong ale Duvel ( Moortgart ) via McEwans 1469 West Yorkshire Ale Timothy Taylor 1728 Scottish ale McEwans 1762 Abbey II Rochefort 1768 English Special Bitter Youngs brewery 1968 London ESB Fullers 2000 Budvar Lager yeast Budvar 2001 Urquell Lager yeast Pilsner Urquell lager H - strain 2002 Gambrinus lager Gambrinus lager H - strain 2007 St Louis lager Budweiser 2035 American lager August Schell 2042 Danish lager Miller via Carlsberg 2105 Rocky Mountain Lager Coors 2112 California lager Anchor 2124 Bohemian lager Weihenstephan 34/70 2206 Bavarian lager Weihenstephan 206 2272 North American lager Christian Schmidt ( Philadelphia brewery ) 2278 Czech Pils Pilsner Urquell - D 2308 Munich lager Wisenschaftliche Station # 308 ( Munich ) 2450 Denny ’s Favorite 50 Brewtek CL50 2487 Hella- Bock Yeast Ayinger 2565 Kölsch Weihenstephan 165 , Köln ( Päffgen ? ) 2575 PC Kölsch II Weihenstephan W165 2782 Staropramen lager via Paddock Wood in Canadia 3068 Weihenstephan wheat Weihenstephan 68 ( S. delbrueckii single strain ) 3463 Forbidden Fruit wheat Hoegaarden ( assumed to be from Verboden Vrucht ) 3522 Belgian Ardennes Achouffe 3538 Leuven Pale Ale Corsendonk - Bocq 3638 Bavarian Wheat Yeast Weihenstephan 175 3711
French Saison Brasserie Thiriez 3724
Belgian Saison Yeast Saison du Pont 3725
Biere De Garde
Soy - Erezée , Belgium 3726
Farmhouse Ale
Blaugies , Belgium 3763
Roeselare Ale Blend
Rodenbach 3787 Trappish High Gravity Westmalle 3864 Canadian / Belgian Ale Yeast Unibroue 3942 Belgian Wheat Esen , Belgium ( De Dolle ) 3944 Belgian Witbier Hoegaarden / Celis White
WLP vs Wyeast
Comparison
White Labs Wyeast WLP001 California Ale Yeast 1056 American Ale Yeast WLP002 English Ale Yeast 1968 London ESB WLP003 German Ale II 2575 PC Kolsch II WLP004 Irish Ale Yeast 1084 Irish Ale Yeast WLP005 British Ale Yeast 1187 Ringwood Ale Yeast WLP007 Dry English Ale Yeast 1098 Whitbread - dry WLP008 East Coast Ale Yeast n/a WLP011 European Ale Yeast 1338 European Ale Yeast WLP013 London Ale Yeast 1028 London Ale Yeast WLP022 Essex Ale Yeast ( PS / Mar - Apr ) n/a WLP023 Burton Ale Yeast 1275 Thames Valley Ale Yeast WLP025 Southwold Ale Yeast ( PS / Nov- Dec ) 1335 British Ale Yeast II WLP026 Premium Bitter Yeast ( PS / May - Jun ) n/a WLP028 Edinburgh Scottish Ale Yeast 1728 Scottish Ale Yeast WLP029 German Ale / Kolsch Yeast n/a WLP033 Klassic Ale Yeast n/a WLP036 Düsseldorf Alt Yeast 1007 German Ale WLP051 California V Ale Yeast 1272 American Ale YeastII WLP099 Super High Gravity Ale Yeast n/a WLP300 Hefeweizen Ale Yeast 3068 Weihenstephan Weizen Yeast WLP320 American Hefeweizen Ale Yeast n/a WLP351 Bavarian Weizen Yeast 3638 Bavarian Wheat Yeast WLP380 Hefeweizen IV Ale Yeast 3333 GermanWheat Yeast WLP400 BelgianWit Ale Yeast 3944 Belgian Witbier Yeast WLP410 BelgianWit II Yeast n/a WLP500 Trappist Ale Yeast 1214 Belgian Ale Yeast WLP510 Belgian Bastone Ale Yeast n/a WLP530 Abbey Ale Yeast 3787 Trappist High Gravity WLP540 Abbey IV Ale Yeast 1762 Abbey II WLP550 Belgian Ale Yeast 3522 Belgian Ardennes WLP565 Saison Ale Yeast 3724 Belgian Saison Yeast WLP566 Saison II n/a WLP570 Belgian Golden Ale Yeast 1388 Belgian Strong Ale Yeast WLP720 Sweet Mead / Wine Yeast 3463 Forbidden Fruit Yeast WLP800 Pilsner Lager Yeast 2001 Urquell WLP802 Czech Budejovice Lager Yeast n/a WLP810 San Francisco Lager Yeast 2112 California Lager Yeast WLP820 Oktoberfest Lager Yeast 2206 Bavarian Lager Yeast WLP830 German Lager Yeast 2124 Bohemian Lager Yeast WLP833 German Bock Yeast 2487 Hella- Bock WLP838 SouthernGerman Lager Yeast 2308 Munich Lager Yeast WLP840 American Pilsner Lager Yeast 2007 Pilsen Lager Yeast WLP885 Zurich Lager Yeast n/a WLP920 Old Bavarian Lager Yeast 2247 European Lager Yeast WLP940 Mexican LagerYeast n/
a
Wyeast vs WLP
Wyeast White Labs 1007 German Ale Yeast WLP036 Düsseldorf Alt Yeast 1010 American
Wheat n/a 1026 British Cask Ale n/a 1028 London Ale Yeast WLP013 London Ale Yeast 1056 American Ale Yeast WLP001 California Ale Yeast 1084 Irish Ale Yeast WLP004 Irish Ale Yeast 1098 British Ale Yeast WLP007 English Dry 1099 Whitbread Ale Yeast n/a 1187 Ringwood Ale Yeast WLP005 British Ale Yeast 1214 Belgian Ale Yeast WLP500 Trappist ale 1272 American Ale Yeast II WLP051 California V Ale Yeast 1275 Thames Valley Ale Yeast WLP023 Burton Ale Yeast 1318 London Ale Yeast III n/a 1332 Northwest Ale Yeast n/a 1335 British Ale Yeast II WLP025 Southwold Ale Yeast ( PS / Nov- Dec ) 1338 European Ale Yeast WLP011 European Ale Yeast 1388 Belgian Strong Ale Yeast WLP570 Belgian Golden Ale Yeast 1728 Scottish Ale Yeast WLP028 Edinburgh Scottish Ale Yeast 1762 Belgian Abbey YeastII WLP540 Abbey IV Ale Yeast 1768 English Special Bitter n/a 1968 London ESB Ale Yeast WLP002 English Ale Yeast 2001 Pilsen Lager Yeast WLP800 Pilsner Lager Yeast 2007 Pilsen Lager Yeast WLP840 American Pilsner Lager Yeast 2035 American Lager Yeast n/ a 2105 Rocky Mountain Lager n/ a 2112 California Lager Yeast WLP810 San Francisco Lager Yeast 2124 Bohemian Lager Yeast WLP8 30 German Lager Yeast 2206 Bavarian Lager Yeast WLP8 20 Oktoberfest Lager Yeast 2247 European Lager Yeast WLP920 Old Bavarian Lager Yeast 2272 North American Lager Yeast WLP840 American Pilsner Lager Yeast 2278 Czech Pils Yeast n/a 2308 Munich Lager Yeast WLP838 Southern German Lager Yeast 2450 PC Denny ’s Favorite 50 n/a 2487 Hella- Bock Yeast WLP833 German Bock Yeast 2565 Kolsch Yeast n/a 2575 PC
Kolsch II WLP003 German Ale II 3068 Weihenstephan Weizen Yeast WLP300 Hefeweizen Ale Yeast 3333 GermanWheat Yeast WLP380 Hefeweizen IV Ale Yeast 3463 Forbidden Fruit Yeast WLP720 Sweet Mead / Wine Yeast 3522 Belgian Ardennes Yeast WLP550 Belgian Ale Yeast 3638 Bavarian Wheat Yeast WLP351 Bavarian Weizen Yeast 3724 Belgian Saison Yeast
WLP565 Saison Ale Yeast 3725 Biere De Garde
n /a 3726 Farmhouse Ale
n /a 3763 PC Roeselare Ale Blend
n /a 3787 Trappist High Gravity WLP530 Abbey Ale Yeast 3942 Belgian Wheat Yeast n/a 3944 Belgian Witbier Yeast WLP400 BelgianWit Ale Yeast n/ a WLP003 German Ale II Yeast ( PS / May - Jun ) n/a WLP008 East Coast Ale Yeast n/a WLP022 Essex Ale Yeast ( PS / Mar - Apr ) n/a WLP026 Premium Bitter Yeast ( PS / May - Jun ) n/a WLP033 Klassic Ale Yeast n/a WLP099 Super High Gravity Ale Yeast n/a WLP833 German Bock Yeast n/a WLP885 Zurich Lager Yeast n/a WLP940 Mexican LagerYeast
The views and opinions expressed in this page are strictly those of the page author .
This is the logo that Bob Thomas and I designed for
in 1969
©
How it came to be
In 1969 the Dead were renting a warehouse in Novato , California .
I was sound man for the band at the time , and lived in Oakland .
Bob Thomas , an old friend of mine had just moved from LA to the Bay area and needed a place to stay , and we needed someone to look after the warehouse , which had had a problem with break - ins .
Bob was a superb graphic artist whose work is now familiar to most Deadheads in the form of the Live Dead album cover and the Bear 's Choice cover , on which the popular Dancing Bears appeared .
The Dead in those days had to play in a lot of festival style shows where the equipment would all wind up at the back of the stage in a muddle .
Since every band used pretty much the same type of gear it all looked alike .
We would spend a fair amount of time moving the pieces around so that we could read the name on the boxes .
I decided that we needed some sort of marking that we could identify from a distance .
I was in the habit of driving from Oakland to Novato in a little MGTF which had plastic side curtains , which were not very transparent , due to aging of the plastic .
One day in the rain , I looked out the side and saw a sign along the freeway which was a circle with a white bar across it , the top of the circle was orange and the bottom blue .
I could n't read the name of the firm , and so was just looking at the shape .
A thought occurred to me : if the orange were red and the bar across were a lightning bolt cutting across at an angle , then we would have a very nice , unique and highly identifiable mark to put on the equipment .
At the warehouse I told Bob the idea that I had , and he made a quick sketch .
A mutual friend , Ernie Fischbach , who was visiting with Bob , said " Give it to me , I 'll show you an easy way to put it on the boxes . "
Whereupon he proceeded to cut holes in a couple of pieces of stencil paper .
One was a circular hole , about 5 1/ 2 inches in diameter , and the other was a part of a circle 5 inches in diameter .
But it was a half circle with a jagged edge .
Then he held the stencil to an amp and sprayed a circle of white paint .
Then with one side up , the red half circle went on top of the dried white paint and after wiping off the red and turning the stencil over , the blue was applied .
This was the first version , and we put it on to all our gear .
It helped make it easier to find our stuff in the crunch .
I still have an old toolbox with one of the stencils on it .
A few days later I was talking to Bob and suggested that perhaps the words " Grateful dead " could be placed under the circle , using a style of lettering that would appear to be a skull if you saw it from a distance ( I guess I was influenced by too many posters of the time ) .
Any way a few hours later he came down from the loft with the design we know and love .
In 1992 , Bob decided to produce hand - pulled prints of the logo as a hardwood block engraving , but first he cut a test block in pine , to see how the design looked as a woodcut .
He liked the test block so well that he decided to pull 50 prints , signed , numbered and hand coloured them .
He gave the last of the prints to me ( a few months before he died ) to help sell them .
Most have now been sold .
Please write if you are interested in getting one of the ones left , the money goes to his family .
This was one of the last pieces he did .
Here is a scan ( trimmed down a little ) .
The print is on heavy , off - white watercolour paper 14 " by 17 " .
Another logo that he designed at around the same time was the one for Alembic Guitar Co. in Santa Rosa , which began in that same warehouse to design and make more modern instruments for the band than were at that time available .
The film - maker is currently under house arrest
Film director Roman Polanski has broken his silence to decry the US for seeking his extradition from Switzerland on a 33 - year - old child sex case .
The Oscar - winner said prosecutors wanted him to return so they could serve him " on a platter to the media " .
Polanski , who is under house arrest in his Swiss chalet , spoke out against extradition in an online magazine .
" I ask only to be treated fairly like anyone else , " said the 76 - year - old , who left the US in 1978 , before sentencing .
Polanski made his 900 - word statement in an online publication run by a prominent supporter , the French philosopher Bernard - Henri Levy .
He suggested the case being prepared against him by California prosecutors was unjust .
" I can no longer remain silent because the United States continues to demand my extradition , more to serve me on a platter to the media of the world than to pronounce a judgment concerning which an agreement was reached 33 years ago , " he wrote .
Polanski has been under house arrest in Switzerland since September facing a US arrest warrant over his conviction for unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
Transcript :
Pollster : Hello , sir ...
I 'm here conducting a poll among registered voters .
Joe : Oh , goody .
Pollster : Are you a Democrat or a Republican .
Joe : Neither .
I prefer to think for myself .
Pollster :
Are you a liberal or a conservative ?
Joe : Same answer .
By the way , those terms are n't mutually exclusive .
Pollster : Does a candidate 's religion matter to you ?
Joe :
Only if they intend to replace the Constitution with it .
Pollster :
And what do you want from the next president ?
Joe :
To reinstate habeas corpus , the Geneva Convention and actual democracy .
Voice from television : ... and here 's what real Americans think , according to the latest survey by the fair and balanced polling service ...
Danae :
Oh , I hope you 're a real American this time , Daddy .
Joe : Sigh .
Specter 's final pitch to Pa. voters : ' Experience and seniority '
Rep. Joe Sestak ( D - Pa ) , right , campaigns outside the Consol Energy Center construction site in downtown Pittsburgh on May 17 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Gene J. Puskar )
The Post has reporters in three states covering Tuesday 's elections .
Read the feeds on the Arkansas Democratic Senate primary , the Kentucky Republican Senate primary , and the PA - 12 special House election .
Earlier : Campaigns trade jabs as Sestak rallies in Philly ; In Pa. , ' Surging Sestak ' tries to close the deal
Updated 8:18 p.m.
By Paul Kane
Amid a slight drizzle , Sen. Arlen Specter ( Pa. ) closed out his campaign for the Democratic nomination Monday the same way he began his campaign 15 months ago for the Republican nomination : selling his nearly 30 years of experience in the U.S. Senate .
Without Philadelphia Phillies All - Star Jimmy Rollins to lead off and no Gov. Ed Rendell ( D ) to hit clean - up , Specter , 80 , capped his bid to beat back a challenge from Rep. Joe Sestak ( D - Pa. ) by touting his " experience and seniority " in the chamber , rattling off decades of accomplishments before several dozen supporters outside Citizen ' Bank Park , home of the Phillies .
" I'm a lucky guy .
I do n't predict the weather .
I just predict a victory , " Specter said to cheers at the last of five events Monday in almost every corner of the state .
Polls continue to show Sestak and Specter in a neck - and - neck race , with as much as 15 percent of Democratic voters being undecided on whether to back the five - term incumbent or the junior congressman .
Sestak , 58 , painted that as a blow to Specter , suggesting those remaining voters who cannot make up their mind must not like the incumbent .
" They made their verdict already by being undecided , " the second - term lawmaker said at a South Philadelphia rally , outside a church where more than 10 African - American clergy backed his upstart campaign .
Specter contended he was " a little bit ahead ... but it 's tight " , saying that voter turnout in his key areas of support -- particularly among African Americans in Philadelphia -- could prove decisive Tuesday .
Specter had hoped to have Rollins , the Phillies shortstop , introduce him outside his home ballpark and to have Rendell there to cap off the event .
The men are two of the more beloved figures in Philadelphia sports and politics .
Rollins , however , is back from an injury so he needed to take batting practice at the time of the rally , while Rendell was stuck in traffic .
Unfazed , Specter launched into a recitation of his more than 40 years in public service .
Bucking conventional wisdom that voters have become anti-incumbent , Specter is staking his political life on what he has done for Pennsylvania .
He has run the same campaign for more than 20 years , including in a successful 2004 primary against former representative Patrick Toomey ( R ) .
He was delivering the same message in early 2009 but Toomey pulled far ahead of Specter after his vote for President Obama 's stimulus bill , so Specter crossed the aisle , with Obama and Rendell 's blessing .
Instead of a clear field , he found Sestak playing a similar role as Toomey , except from the left .
Throughout his closing argument , Specter mentioned numerous times that he has cast more than 10,000 votes in the Senate , including 22 votes in support of union organizing laws and his " biggest vote " to support the stimulus plan .
He said he was inspired to get into public service after President Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 ; that his 1987 opposition to Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork altered the course of legal history ; that this is his 14th contested election , six of which were decided by 3 percentage points or less .
His supporters chanted " six more years " as he took to the podium to speak .
He accused Sestak of suggesting in a Sunday interview with CNN that he would not support Specter if the incumbent won the primary .
" There 's been some debate as to who 's the real Democrat , the good Democrat .
I think that answers the question , " Specter said .
Earlier Monday , Sestak clarified his remarks .
Without directly saying he would endorse Specter , the challenger said he would " do anything " that is legal and ethical to ensure " Patrick Toomey is beat . "
As Phillies fans headed into Monday evening 's game against the cross-state rival Pittsburgh Pirates , some cheered the senator : " Give 'em hell tomorrow , Arlen , " one female fan yelled as his supporters chanted " Arlen , Arlen , Arlen . "
Another yelled " bye - bye , Arlen , " predicting defeat , while another used the famous home - run call of the late Hall of Fame announcer Harry Kalas to predict Specter 's fate : " You 're outta here ! "
5:20 p.m. : Campaigns trade jabs as Sestak rallies in Philly
PHILADELPHIA --
To calls of " amen " from one of Tuesday 's most critical voting blocs , Rep. Joe Sestak ( D - Pa. ) accepted the endorsement of a dozen African - American clergy members and officials as he barnstormed the state in the campaign 's heated final hours .
" Hope 's not enough , " Sestak said Monday outside New Hope Baptist Church in South Philadelphia .
While the city 's largest black clergy group has aligned itself with Sen.
Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) in Tuesday 's down - to - the - wire primary , Sestak has targeted Specter 's positions from the 28 years the senator was a Republican to try to peel away voters worried about violent crime and jobs programs in the inner city .
Sestak brings with him to every stop in Philadelphia a Specter campaign flier criticizing Sestak for getting an " F " grade from the NRA .
Distributed in gun-friendly western Pennsylvania , Sestak is using it as a wedge against Specter in Philadelphia , citing the five - term incumbent 's past opposition to the assault weapons ban .
Some African - American clergy cited Specter 's role supporting Republican nominees to the Supreme Court -- including Justice Clarence Thomas -- as reasons for opposing him .
Clarence Pemberton Jr. , New Hope 's pastor , pointed to Specter 's 1991 cross-examination of Anita Hill , the law professor who accused Thomas of sexual harassment .
" I do n't understand how a black woman can vote for him , " Pemberton told reporters .
That said , Specter is believed to have a sizable edge among African American voters .
A Suffolk University poll last week showed Specter with a more than 15 - percentage - point lead statewide among minority voters , an edge most strategists believe is higher among blacks in Philadelphia , where Specter has in the past won NAACP support as a Republican .
In addition , state experts believe Obama 's endorsement of Specter carries more weight among African Americans .
Sestak 's campaign is hoping to put a dent in that margin , putting the race 's decisive voting blocs in the suburbs of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and in clusters around Scranton and Harrisburg .
" There 's no more kings , there 's no more kingmakers , " Sestak said before Monday 's event , brushing aside Obama 's endorsement of Specter .
Contesting for the right to take on former representative Patrick Toomey ( R ) in what is likely going to be one of the most closely watched Senate races , Specter and Sestak have traded personal jabs in the race 's final hours .
Sestak made reference to Specter -- who , at 80 , is still battling the effects of Hodgkin 's Disease -- as a " dead man walking " on Sunday .
Pemberton compared Specter to " an old glass of wine " that needed to be refreshed .
Bishop Leonard C. Goins , head of the Pentecostal Clergy Political Awareness Committee and a Sestak backer , said the state needed " young , energetic ideas . "
Specter 's campaign has called such age and health - related comments " below the belt . "
Sestak made an argument from electability , pointing to polls showing he currently would perform better than Specter against Toomey .
" Politically , he will take down the whole ticket , " Sestak said in an interview .
State Rep. Tony Payton Jr. , 29 , a second - term lawmaker , said Sestak 's key will be reminding voters , particularly African - Americans , of the contrast between the two candidates ' voting records on key domestic policy issues .
" There 's a stark comparison there , " Payton , who represents North Philadelphia , said .
7:20 a.m. In Pa. , ' Surging Sestak ' tries to close the deal
PHILADELPHIA --
When freshman state Rep. Frank Burns ( D ) held a cookout - fundraiser last summer , he invited every Democrat seeking statewide office to speak before 300 or so of his constituents in Johnstown .
No one came except for a guy no one had ever heard of , from nearly 200 miles away .
" The only person to show up was an unknown person named Joe Sestak .
He asked to speak for five minutes , and he wowed them , " Burns recently recalled of the suburban Philadelphia congressman 's upstart bid for the Senate .
With that , the freshman lawmaker and his Cambria County Democratic organization lined up behind Sestak against the institutional favorite , Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa . ) .
It was the dog days of August when Sestak announced his bid against Specter , who had the backing of President Obama , Vice President Biden , Gov. Ed Rendell ( D - Pa. ) , the state party organization and almost every key labor union .
Many national party leaders believed the backing of such prominent figures would overcome doubts about the more than 28 years Specter spent as a Republican representing Pennsylvania in the Senate .
But those party leaders at the so - called " grass tops " have not exactly nailed down support for Specter at the true grass - roots level .
Many Democratic officials never warmed to the idea of Specter as a Democrat .
The incumbent has the backing of 22 Democratic state representatives heading into Tuesday 's primary election , far more than Sestak .
But , in a state House with 104 Democrats , more than 70 Democratic state representatives stayed neutral and are not helping Specter whip up votes .
One such example is state Rep. Joshua Shapiro ( D ) , from vote - rich eastern Montgomery County , northwest of Philadelphia .
An acolyte of Rendell , Shapiro , in just his third term , is widely touted as a future statewide candidate .
He remained neutral in the race .
While many party strategists spent the winter and early spring wondering when Sestak would uncork the more than $ 5 million he collected on an advertising campaign , the two - term congressman instead went to work meeting the Frank Burnses of the world .
As he told a small crowd outside Johnstown 10 days ago , Sestak entered the race with 8 percent name recognition and had to go to every possible local Democratic meet - and - greet across the state , more than 500 since January , to overcome a polling deficit of more than 40 percentage points compared to the well - known five - term senator .
By early April , Sestak 's name recognition grew to 55 percent among Democratic voters .
At that point , he unleashed a more than $ 1.6 million campaign of mostly positive campaign ads touting his experience as a Navy admiral .
Overall , he spent more than $ 2.4 million in April , according to Federal Election Commission reports .
Sestak , 58 , campaigns against the entire Washington establishment , Democrats included , pitching himself as the angry populist calling for a " new generation " of leadership other than the 80 - year - old Specter .
" They lost a lot of faith in Washington , " Sestak said in a recent interview , describing voter anger on everything from Wall Street bailouts to the process of passing health - care legislation .
The contrast is intentional , casting himself as the true Democrat who does n't change his views -- or his party affiliation -- to win votes .
Whether true or not , the effort worked on many Democrats who had spent decades trying to find the right candidate to beat Specter .
" He 's sincere , less like a politician , " Rep . Burns said .
As the polls tightenend , the national party apparatus continued to back Specter .
Biden made a campaign appearance in his native Scranton and Rendell has been at Specter 's side throughout the final days of the campaign .
But there is a serious question about how much weight these endorsements carry .
Despite the backing of every major national labor union , Specter trails Sestak badly among union households , 60 percent to 36 percent , according to one poll released last week .
More than a dozen local unions bucked national leaders and endorsed Sestak , as have a handful of county Democratic organizations .
After Sestak had established himself to voters as a recognizable alternative to Specter , he launched a string of tough advertisements in the last 10 days that have reminded Democratic voters of Specter 's nearly 45 years as a Republican .
The now - infamous ad of Specter holding hands in 2004 with then - President Bush and then - Sen .
Rick Santorum ( R - Pa. ) ran countless times the last few days , on everything from cable news to Philadelphia Flyers ' NHL playoff games .
The onetime underdog has taken to calling himself " Surging Sestak , " as some polls show he has edged slightly ahead of Specter .
In advance of what they now believe will be a Sestak upset win , Republicans are taking note of Obama 's decision to not make a late campaign visit for Specter .
" On Tuesday , instead of rallying voters to go to the polls for Senator Specter , the president is scheduled to fly right over Pennsylvania and visit a factory in Youngstown , Ohio , " Rob Jesmer , executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , wrote in a memo scheduled to be released Monday .
But the race remains tight .
From Rendell in Shanachie Irish Pub in the Philadelphia suburb of Ambler to Sen. Bob Casey ( D - Pa. ) in Allegheny County outside Pittsburgh , senior Democrats were at Specter 's side over the weekend vouching for his liberal credentials .
Specter 's campaign pitch is simple : He delivers .
As a senior member of the Appropriations Committee , Specter has steered billions of dollars to Pennsylvania 's towns .
The anti-incumbent environment has made that campaign pitch more difficult than in most years , but Specter is sticking to his script down the stretch .
Sestak 's supporters worry that , while many local officials are neutral in the race , Specter 's big trump card at the grassroots could well be those dollars he delivered to their communities .
" He 's done a lot of good for a lot of people , " Burns said .
" That 's why he can switch parties and still keep this a close race . "
HURT ?
Have you been injured in a
CAR ACCIDENT or SLIP and FALL ? »
What to do after an accident
· Free Consultation
· Large Cash Settlements
· 24HR Hotline
· Free Home or Hospital Visits
Instant Help Form Select Claim Type Motor Vehicle Accident Slip and Fall Other
Enter the text from the image below
Fill out the FORM and a LAWYER will contact you shortly
A 2010 U.S. study has shown that people with high levels of fat around their organs are more likely to have a smaller brain volume , which is a strong indication of dementia , such as Alzheimer 's disease .
The study , led by Dr. Sudha Seshadri and colleagues from Boston University School of Medicine , studied 733 adults with a mean age of 60 years .
About 70 % of the participants were female .
The results of their research were written up in the journal Annals of Neurology The U.S. researchers measured body mass index ( BMI ) and waist circumference , and waist - to - hip ratio , and used computer tomography ( CT ) based scanning devices to measure the amount of abdominal fat and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) based scanning devices to measure total brain volume , temporal horn volume , white matter hyperintensity volume , and brain infarcts .
They found that as BMI increased , the volume of the brain decreased .
They also found that the more abdominal fat ( which they called ' visceral fat around the central organs " ) a person has the more risk that person has of getting dementia .
The overall weight of a person did not seem to have this same correlation , only the amount of abdominal fat .
Page two concludes .
In the May 20 , 2010 Medical News article ' Study confirms inverse association of increase in BMI with lower brain volumes ' Dr. Seshadri states : " Our results confirm the inverse association of increasing BMI with lower brain volumes in older adults and with younger , middle - aged adults and extends the findings to a much larger study sample .
" She adds , ' More importantly our data suggests a stronger connection between central obesity , particularly the visceral fat component of abdominal obesity , and risk of dementia and Alzheimer 's disease .
" Dr. Seshadr , who is also associated with Boston University 's Alzheimer 's Disease Center , concludes , " Our findings , while preliminary , provide greater understanding of the mechanisms underlying the link between obesity and dementia .
Further studies will add to our knowledge and offer important methods of prevention . "
" Taxi From Amami "
Excerpted from the August 14 , 1945 edition of the 7th AAF Brief
Written by S.Sgt Bob Price
This is a true story about the crew of the " Tricky Likk " of the 47th Squadron of the 41st .
The end of an air - sea rescue , for all practical purposes comes when the downed airmen are hauled aboard a Dumbo and headed once again for home .
That 's what the crew of the Tricky Likk thought as they were pulled from their raft , wet and shivering , through the right hull hatch of the Navy PBM that had set down on rough waters off Amami O Shima .
At the time , they were still scores of miles from their base at Okinawa , normally a good hour 's flight .
Only Dumbo and the crew of the Tricky Likk did n't fly home - they taxiied .
For 20 hours through rough and battering seas they rode it out in the sea - bound Dumbo in the longest taxi ride the Pacific has ever seen .
Besides , it was night and the Dumbo captain ruthlessly enforced a strict blackout as the careening PBM smashed its way from one wave to another all way to Ie Shima .
The men inside the bucking , erstwhile " flying " boat took a beating that night as they bounced endlessly from bulkhead to bulkhead that no flying crew ever envisaged when signing up for flight training .
It was just about dark when the drifting airmen first spotted the Dumbo flying a routine mission at about 500 feet .
They put out sea marker [ dye ] and fired flares which caught the attention of the PBM .
But the sea was too rough for a successful landing and the Dumbo smacked into the waves with a rending crash , damaging the right stabilizer , the rudder and left flap .
The men on the raft knew as soon as the rescue plane came to a stop that she would n't be able to take off again , but after two hours in the cold water , they did n't care .
All they thought about at the time was climbing into the warmth and safety of the Dumbo just as soon as they could abandon their tiny raft .
Although the crew will always remember the mission principally for its fabulous taxi- ride ending , they will not soon forget the tropical storm , inadequately termed " violent turbulance " by the weathermen , which was the cause of their storm - tossed commuters ride .
It had been a routine bombing mission up to Kyushu until four squadrons of 7th AAF Mitchell bombers got tangled up with a raging weather front .
Tricky Likk , manned by a crew that had flown together for 17 months , was lost in the storm over Japan for an hour and a half trying to locate the rest of the flight .
After finally coming through the storm safely - an experience the crew said was worse than any flak they had ever encountered - they tried to limp home through another and even heavier front that came up over the northern Ryukyus .
All during the long afternoon the pilot , Lt. Rick Rondinelli , and co-pilot Lt. Arnold Sayer , rode Tricky Likk through " the craziest damn weather we ever saw " .
By late afternoon the forward gas tanks read zero and the gas in the rear tanks was down to 15 gallons .
They were forced to ditch about 30 miles off Amami , about half the way home .
" It was weather like you never saw before " , said the navigator , Lt. Nicholas F. Leibrock .
" All that time we were lost from our flight we did n't know when we would meet one of them head - on in a cloud . "
The engineer , S.Sgt Warren F. Kimmy , agreed .
" The weather was rotten " , he said .
" I thought all the time the wings were going to fall off .
The ship was fluttering like a goddam bird . "
From 1330 , when they lost formation , they were completely on their own , bucking the storm in a medium bomber that rode like an untamed cayuse .
They finally dropped their bombs on a village they saw through a hole in the clouds and decided to try the run for home .
They came out of the first storm with the radio compass gone and very little gas .
S.Sgt Ray Yheaulon , radioman , tried to make some contact but could get nothing but the screech of static .
The navigator thought it best to try flying down the chain of islands leading to Okinawa , but all hands even then were aware that it was going to be a tough haul making it home .
Everyone thought the first storm was bad , but the second was worse .
The ceiling was from zero to 500 feet with zero to three miles visibility .
There were rain squalls and most the time Tricky Likk was flying only as few feet above the deck .
As the plane finally came out of the second storm , the men spotted a large island to the east , which they took to be Okinawa .
S.Sgt Frederick E. " Dutch " von Schwerdtner , who was watching things from the back , said " We thought the island was worth a try .
We came right up the goddam bay and over a naval station before it clicked that it was Amami and that we 'd better get our tails out of there .
We were only flying at about 1000 feet and for the life of me I 'll never understand why they did n't fire at us . "
" Right then and there we knew we were in for it and that we would have to ditch .
We emptied our nose guns at installations along the coast and Ray Yheaulon threw the waist guns out at some characters he saw running along the beach .
The guns only missed them by about 20 feet .
That was our goodbye to Amami and we high - tailed it out to sea . "
All the while Yheaulon had been trying to make contact by radio and just 10 minutes before ditching one of the stations he had been calling over and over all afternoon answered and he gave Tricky Likk 's location .
Rondinelli says of the ditching that " it was just like the last minutes of the big game .
You are scared to death and then when you get into it it is n't so bad . "
His last words to the men in the waist were , " We 're going to ditch in five minutes .
Good luck , all . "
It was about 1700 then , the sky was overcast , the waves were high and they had just passed through a light shower .
The fuel gauge told them that it was now or never .
" It worked by instinct " , Rondinelli said .
" It was like I had never heard a word about ditching .
I gave the ship full flaps at 1900 RPMs and settled her down in a nose - high position .
We hit the first wave at 90 miles per hour and I gave her full throttle .
We landed in the trough of the second wave at 80 miles and I 'm sure that that burst of power kept her from dving into the wave .
Everything I did was my own idea , like slamming on the throttle , it just came natural . "
In the cockpit someone made the logical suggestion , " Let 's get the hell out of here . "
Leibrock pushed Sayers out of the window onto the wing and Rondinelli boosted Leibrock out .
In the waist , Kimmy jumped out the left window and was knocked up against the tail .
" Dutch " threw out the rest of the gear including the crew's two precious skin stories , " The Three Musketeers " and Donnell 's " The Chinese Room " .
Yheaulon went out the right window and Dutch the left , but the latter caught his leg in the window and fell head - first into a wave .
Yheaulon saw that his buddy was in a bad way and jumped in and saved him from drowning .
" We all looked at one another as though asking ' How the hell did you get out here ? ' "
Yheaulon said .
" Then we watched the Tricky Likk go down .
First the beautiful blonde nude on the side was submerged .
It must have taken five minutes for the plane to sink .
That is the longest I ever heard of a B - 25 staying afloat and it just goes to show what a fine ditching job Lt. Rondinelli did .
After the ship went down there was nothing to do but think about our predicament and we had to laugh about that .
I do n't know what was so funny but we laughed . "
Lt. Rondinelli said of his health that " I had swallowed an awful lot of salt water .
None of us had eaten since breakfast , so Dutch and I were just hanging over one end heaving salt water and digestive juices - pretty disgusting .
Something rubbed against the bottom of the raft and I saw that it was a shark .
None of the other fellows had seen it and I did n't want to get them excited , so I said that their heavy shoes had just scraped the deck .
All this time the wind was trying to push us toward Amami and it seemed that the raft always was half full of water . "
Another shark came by for a look a little later and this time the other men saw it .
" That 's the first time I was really scared . "
Kimmy said .
" The damn thing looked 20 feet long .
It was funny about being in the raft .
We all felt bad about losing the skin stories .
That seemed to be about the biggest loss at the moment .
" The Chinese Room " was a damn fine book as far as I read .
It 's a story about a bank president who goes to visit his secretary every Mondy night and they have some merry old times together .
I was only to the second Monday night .
The whole crew was sweating out that book . "
Then came the Dumbo , circling and dropping smoke bombs before it made the crash landing that grounded it for the rest of the trip .
But the Dumbo skipper did n't seem to think there was anything strange about starting to taxi all the way home .
He simply remarked , " Well , there 's no use hanging around here " , and started the plane off on its now famous taxi trip south .
There were 14 men aboard .
Lt. Rondinelli and von Schwerdtner latched onto two of the four bunks .
Dumbo was short on food and for most the ride the men were out of cigarettes .
" It was so rough you could n't stand up so you laid down " , Sayer said .
" I spent most of my time up in the pilots ' compartment .
They told me how once they had both engines conked out and they had been forced to ditch up by Iwo .
We made 30 rescuees those guys had picked up .
I swear that crazy ride back gave me a worse beating up than I had taken all day . "
More than once the men thought the flying boat would fall apart .
" Everytime it went over a swell I thought it would brake open " , said Leibrock . "
It would go ' pong ' just like the tin crickets you used to get in Cracker Jack boxes .
What a racket .
They had to keep pumping out the bilge and this meant a window had to be left open .
Every wave that hit would flood the inside . "
During the ride back the spirits of the Dumbo crew soared to a new high .
" We were sitting around up front , too tired to sleep and just smoking butts out the ash trays when word came over the radio that the relief for Dumbo crew had come in .
That meant that the guys could go back to the States .
Those guys were really on the ball . "
After the lonely night - long ride through the darkness and the heavy seas , the dawn brought a bright sun and smoother seas , allowing the Dumbo to increase speed .
She bumped along past a steady line of innocent looking islands all the way down the line .
At about 1000 Dumbo finally pulled up at le Shima and stopped to refuel , but there was still no food .
It was n't until 1400 when they chugged into the seaplane base at Kerama Retto that they were finally given a shot of whiskey and a square meal .
The men remember that meal and speak lovingly of it : " Fried eggs , bacon , hot coffee , iced tea , toast , fresh butter , jam , and steak that night for supper . "
The Navy gave them new shoes and what clothing they needed .
That night they slept so hard between clean sheets that they did n't even dream of the cold ocean and too - long taxi ride .
Back to the starting place :
Stories of the 41st
Last Updated 02/18/06
For more information contact : Rolf Grandstaff
The term “ stack ” has its origins in Old Norse as having to do with haystacks .
Shortly around this time , men were noted to say , “ Aye , that women be stacked to the brim , ” since a particularly well endowed female trait made the appearance of two neatly placed haystacks .
That last sentence was n’t actually true .
For whatever reason , the term “ stack ” was associated with a nutritional ( natural or otherwise ) supplement to one ’s training .
I do n’t know if it originated in bodybuilding , Olympic lifting , or power lifting , and to be honest , I do n’t really give a poo .
These days it seems to have a bodybuilding connotation , which is usually comically unnecessary .
Modern bodybuilding literature ( propaganda ? ) is infamous for its ridiculous products with promised results .
Thus , in certain groups , “ stack ’ may have a negative connotation .
That is , until Brent Kim decided to be a pain in the ass .
There are some essential items that a lifter should , in essence , stack onto their training .
It is important to note that the value of these items is reduced to precisely “ dick ” if you are n’t eating appropriate amounts of protein and calories in order to recover and improve .
But , for the sake of this post , we are going to assume you have this under control ( Guideline : 1g of protein per lb of bodyweight , and if you are n’t recovering , then you are n’t getting enough calories ) .
It was n’t too long ago that Brent ’s training stack was a healthy dose of kimchee and bulgogie ( Korean barbecue , which is top notch ) .
Then there came a time when Brent duly noted the fish oil intake that I adhered to .
The following conversation ensued :
Brent :
How much should I take ?
Me : Well , I take about 14g , so you should probably take 8 to 10
Brent : I ’m going to take 28 grams because I am twice the man you are .
And thus Brent started thinking about his stack .
Thinking led to reading , reading let to more thought , and then , Brent wanted to know what everyone else ’s stack was .
Relentlessly .
“ Hey man , what ’s your stack ? ” was asked both in a serious and comical manner .
Serious , for he really did want to know , and comical because the usage of the term “ stack ” is previously associated with the bodybuilding silliness described above .
When Brent first started saying it , it was embarrassing , because anybody who heard might think he was serious about the term .
The problem was that he was serious , but now it ’s okay because he / we have changed the term into its new accepted usage and meaning ( which generally gets out of hand with my group of friends ) .
In any case , your stack is something that is “ stacked onto ” your training program and your food intake .
If your food intake is n’t appropriate for your goals , then you do n’t have any business worrying about your stack .
If you do n’t even know how you should be eating to accomplish your goals , then you have some research to do , and still do n’t need to worry about your stack .
Even if you did have all of those things taken care of , a lifter does n’t need much in his stack to reap the supplemental rewards .
Here are some essentials .
Note :
As always , consult your physician about any of this stuff .
If you take any of this stuff because you read about it here , you do so at your own risk .
If you are unsure about any of it , then do n’t take it .
Whey Protein
This may not even be considered part of a stack because it might be a staple to your diet .
In any case , it ’s supplemental to food , so I ’ll include it here .
If you are n’t getting your allotted protein intake , then nothing else really matters .
Sometimes you ’re in a pinch and ca n’t eat all of it in the source of meat , so whey protein is a nice , quick replacement .
You do n’t need to buy anything expensive , because all the brands will do the same thing anyway .
Most brands are outfitted with BCAA ’s , and generally the more money you spend , the better it tastes .
However , if they make claims on the absorption rate or any of that other bullshit , just ignore it .
It ’s useless , and we are worried about the chronic intake of protein anyway .
My buddy Mike likes the Optimum Nutrition brand because their protein is tasty , and they have lots of flavors .
You can also get the EAS brand at Sam ’s Club for pretty cheap .
Multi-Vitamin
Vitamins and minerals are vital to a healthy , functioning body .
Sometimes our diet does n’t include all of the goodies that we may need .
Even if you are eating plenty of Paleo - esque meats , fats , vegetables , and fruits , you may accidentally neglect something .
In such a case , having a decent multivitamin can pick up the slack .
If you are training hard then you ’ll need more vitamins anyway , and if you ’re eating to gain mass you ’ll be purposely neglecting some healthy foods .
Cover your bases with a generic brand multi-vitamin — you do n’t have to spend lots of money on it .
Bill Starr always recommended the shovel technique to get more than you ’ll actually need .
This is fine with water soluble vitamins ( Vitamins C and B - vitamins ) because you ’ll just pee the excess out , but keep an eye on some brands that have crazy amounts of fat soluble vitamins like A , K , D , and E .
I ’m not saying shy away from them ( especially because we ’ll need more of most stuff when we ’re training hard ) , but you wo n‘t need ridiculous amounts .
Lastly , make sure your multi-vitamin is equipped with magnesium and zinc .
Fish Oil
I have n’t done a literature review on fish oil , but I ’ve seen some of the research .
In any case , lots of people who are “ in the know ” regarding nutrition recommend fish oil for its anti-inflammatory properties , it ’s improvement on blood lipid profiles , and its apparent ability to lower the chance of certain diseases , conditions , and cancers .
As a lifter , you want it for the anti-inflammatory properties , because when you lift hard , you get lots of inflammation .
Following that logic , it is something that has the potential to help with recovery , and that ’s what we want .
To get an idea of how much you should take , here is a fish oil calculator that my friend Melissa Urban created for Robb Wolf ’s blog .
Creatine
“ Creatine is one of the only supplements that does what it actually says it is going to do . ” — paraphrased from conversations with Dr. Kilgore .
As a clunky summary , it helps the phosphocreatine system reproduce ATP faster , and this helps in the recovery from short , intense bursts of work ( like what happens in lifting ) .
There has been talk on the internet of “ non-responders ” , but the real problem is getting it to absorb correctly ( there are quite a few factors that can limit absorption ) .
Dr. Kilgore once told me that mixing the monohydrate in chocolate milk is a fantastic way to help it absorb ( the lipids and sugars each play their part — look up how these things are digested for clarification ) .
The general consensus for ingesting creatine monohydrate is to load for 5 days at 0.3g /kg of bodyweight , and then maintain at .03g / kg bodyweight .
There is a new product called creatine ethyl ester which gets converted into creatine within the body .
The draw is that it apparently absorbs better , but it ’s more expensive , and I do n’t have time for ‘ more expensive ’ .
Fiber
When eating to increase or maintain mass , vegetables may get ignored .
In such a case , you are gonna want to eat some fiber .
I ’ve written about it before here : http://www.70sbig.com/?p=1041
Intestinal benefits aside , it will make your bathroom time more enjoyable , especially if you ’re drinking a gallon of milk .
Glucosamine and Chondroitin Sulfate
This stuff is supposed to help with joint health .
Hell , I do n’t know if it works .
Some people swear by it and some people swear at it .
I figured that since I want to lift throughout my entire life , and since I ’m doing a lot of jumping around in the Olympic lifts , I my as well try it .
I would n’t say I had sore knees , but I could feel them after some rough Oly workouts , sometimes the next day .
I got a cheap pair of cloth knee sleeves and started taking glucosamine / chondroitin , and I have n’t noticed it anymore .
Lots of factors go into this , but if you ’re willing to try anything …
Again , I want to reiterate that none of this really matters if you are n’t eating well .
Tons of people will have opinions on nutritional supplementation and most will get weirdly complicated .
I ’m not really into that ; I just get a few things to try and maximize my recovery without spending a whole lot of money .
I ’m sure most of you will have some kind of comment today .
Realistically , the only person you should listen to is Gant , because most of you do n’t know why the hell you ’re taking something .
Get that distinctive edge .
Get into Manhor … the absolute manliness .
Experience the Manhor difference at one of our funky , stylish salons .
At Manhor , we ’re dedicated to pampering you with the most professional , state - of - the - art , personalized contemporary grooming services , specially designed to make you look your damn best !
Manhor offers the ‘ Metro Maybe ’men of Melbourne the ultimate , most luxurious way to polish their personal presentation , or enhance a sense of well being in a relaxed , funky and sophisticated environment .
Elitist banking dynasty pushes for toll roads that would privatize the UK ’s road network , enrich coffers of same banking elite who have wrecked global economy
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 26 , 2010
The Rothschild banking family is pushing for the privatization of the UK ’s motorway network that would force Brits , who already pay road tax , to enrich the coffers of private corporations intimately tied in with the Rothschilds by means of road tolls and pay - by - mile schemes enforced with spy cameras .
“ A plan to privatize the UK ’s motorway network , giving toll firms access to large swaths of road , would take place under the guise of paying down the government ’s debt , British media reported Tuesday , citing a number of key officials who support the scheme , proposed to all major political parties by NM Rothschild , one of the world ’s oldest , most influential and little discussed investment banks , founded by the Rothschild family , ” reports Raw Story .
Both Transport Secretary Philip Hammond and Business Secretary and UK Treasury Spokesman Vince Cable have signaled that the scheme will go ahead , formally handing over Britain ’s infrastructure to transnational corporations and offshore banks at the behest of the most insidious gaggle of globalists ever to walk the earth .
The Rothschilds are perhaps the most larcenous banking family in history , a dynasty that has routinely made vast fortunes from economic collapses it personally engineered , such as the massive London stock market crash during the battle of Waterloo .
In June 1815 , Nathan Rothschild , after being told by his agent that Wellington had defeated Napoleon at Waterloo , immediately dashed to London and ordered his agents to dump consuls .
This triggered a selling panic , with traders believing that Wellington had lost .
Only when stocks plummeted and could be bought for a song did it emerge that Wellington had in fact won , something that Rothschild knew all along , and by this point his agents had bought up cheap stocks for next to nothing .
The stock market soared again and the Rothschild family made obscene profits , enabling them to become the richest family in the world .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This gargantuan Rothschild ploy was documented in the excellent documentary , The Money Masters .
Watch a clip below .
The UK government is now laboring under record deficits and indebted to the same central bankers who control the country through the Bank of England , originally named the Company of the Bank of England , which was controlled by Nathan Rothschild , who once stated , “ I care not what puppet is placed upon the throne of England to rule the Empire on which the sun never sets .
The man who controls Britain ’s money supply controls the British Empire , and I control the British money supply . ”
Rothschild family members have wielded significant influence over the Bank of England through their service on the Bank ’s Court of Directors over the years .
“ The bank was behind many of the key privatisations of the 1980s and 1990s , including British Steel , British Gas and British Coal .
It has close links to the Conservatives , having employed several senior Party figures including Lord Lamont , John Redwood and Lord Wakeham .
Oliver Letwin , the former shadow chancellor , works there part - time , ” reports the London Times .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Rothschilds have had significant influence of the British government in recent years through their close relationship with recent Business Secretary and influential Bilderberg member , Lord Mandelson , who is routinely photographed cavorting around with Rothschild family members on private yachts and in sports cars in luxury holiday resorts .
Mandelson is widely loathed in Britain as a snobbish elitist and was forced to resign from the government on two separate occasions having been involved in numerous cover-ups and scandals , but just seems to keep getting back into power in one way or another .
Britons already pay road tax as well as local council tax which is supposed to go towards the cost of maintaining roads and motorways , but will be forced to pay even more on private - owned toll roads if this scheme goes ahead , having their living standards reduced yet further as a fresh wave of tax increases for the “ middle class ” is readied by the new government .
The “ middle class ” is defined as anyone barely scraping a living , since the hikes will affect people who earn just £ 20,000 a year .
Critics have labeled the move a “ shadow toll ” and predicted a public backlash , which is a good thing because Brits will finally start to realize that it is private central bankers , and not puppet politicians who really control the country , and that internationalist crooks are selling Britain ’s infrastructure to their offshore affiliates who will then reap the rewards from Brits being charged to use the roads they already pay for through a myriad of other taxes .
This article was posted : Wednesday , May 26 , 2010 at 8:53 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
In search of a quote the other day , I rang up a contact who can normally be relied upon to deliver a near perfect sound - bite , with the requisite servings of knowledge , erudition and controversy .
Alas , this time he could not help , because he is hoping to win pre-selection as a parliamentary candidate and thought it better to refrain from public comment .
The conversation then turned to his prospects for being chosen as the candidate to fight the seat , which he did not think were good .
The problem , he confided , was that he is not a professional politician , and he would be handicapped by having conducted most of his adult life outside of the realm of politics .
The professionalisation of politics is much in the news , both here in Australia and at home in Britain : this modern - day tendency for public life to be dominated by those who have essentially lived a political life .
Australia throws up numerous examples .
Kevin Rudd spent seven years as a career diplomat , but has been directly involved in politics for 22 years , having started out as the chief of staff for the then opposition leader in Queensland in 1988 .
His deputy , Julia Gillard , started out as a lawyer , but also left to become the chief of staff for the then opposition leader in Victoria .
After turning his back on the priesthood , Tony Abbott worked for a time as a journalist before becoming the press secretary to the then Liberal leader , John Hewson .
He has remained in politics pretty much ever since .
This trio is presently dominating Australian politics , and in a neat piece of political asymmetry , two well - known figures who boasted high - profile outside careers before entering politics have seen their political fortunes dip .
The former opposition leader , Malcolm Turnbull , a highly remunerated former lawyer and businessman , recently announced he was stepping down at the next election , only to reverse himself a few weeks later .
Then , there is the little - seen environment minister Peter Garrett , the former lead singer of Midnight Oil , who has been sidelined following the home insulation mess .
A few weeks back , the former Treasurer , Peter Costello , weighed into the debate by arguing that it pays to get into professional politics early , a jibe at Malcolm Turnbull , whose skills set appeared to malfunction in Canberra .
" I do not think a person 's pre-parliamentary career counts one way or another , " said Costello .
" But I do think that to be successful in politics a person needs to pick it up early . "
That would appear to disqualify people who want to see their careers come to fruition before considering entering politics .
" A successful businessman has likely spent a long part of his working life outside politics , " said Mr Costello .
" It 's harder to adjust to parliamentary life at 50 than it is at 30 .
The number of people who enter politics later - from whatever occupation - and go on to have successful careers as senior ministers is tiny . "
The alternative view , of course , is that the political late - bloomers bring with them a wealth of experience and expertise .
And perhaps they are not so prone to become as narrowly and destructively partisan as professional politicians , for whom politics infuses everything .
As in Britain and America , Australian politics now has the feel and urgency of a permanent campaign , a battle for favourable headlines the next day rather than a battle of ideas which shape the long - term future .
Many believe this is a by - product of the proliferation of political professionals , who know little else but politics .
Of course , career politicians are hardly new on the scene .
As the veteran Canberra watcher Mungo MacCullum recently observed in The Monthly , the three Prime Ministers who have dominated the past three decades , Bob Hawke , Paul Keating and John Howard , all started young .
He also notes : " In the past 20 years alone , the Liberal Party has embraced John Hewson and Malcolm Turnbull , both outstanding figures in the commercial world , both political disasters . "
But would not Australia 's increasingly professional political class occasionally benefit from the addition of a few talented amateurs ?
A podcast dedicated to Dragon Age : Origins has featured an interview with the Baldur 's Gate 2 : Redux mod team , focused on recreating the original Baldur 's Gate 2 experience using the Dragon Age engine .
The modding group has had great success so far in recreating parts of the Irenicus Dungeon , screenshots of which can be found on the team 's site .
The Dragon Age Podcast group 's interview reveals all the secrets behind the modding effort , including how others can get involved and some very ambitious release dates .
Here 's an excerpt from the Podcast :
" We 've actually had this interview on hold for quite a while ...
Besides myself , we had six members of the BG2 Redux present for this interview . "
The podcast host continues , " Anyone interested in doing modding of their own will probably find a lot of interest to them in this interview . "
You can find the full interview and all of the information surrounding the remake at the Dragon Age Podcast website .
The interview begins at around 49:19 .
Some screenshots of the mod are below .
You 've got hundreds of billions of recapitalization 's needed in Europe , says Meredith Whitney , who is speaking on CNBC this afternoon .
And the fact that Europe is worse than the US is saying something , she says , since she 's definitely still not positive on US banks .
Other than that , her interview appears to be a rehash of her op - ed arguing that financial reform will kill jobs .
" It could be very bad . "
As for specific aspects of financial reform that concern her : pre-emption ( rules that would allow banks to move to different states and take advantage of lower interest rates in some markets ) and interchange fees regulation .
Specifically , she expects that interchange regulations will cream smaller banks to the benefit of the larger banks , hampering merchants ' access to capital .
As for the stock market :
The second half will be " bleak . "
Why ?
No end demand from consumers , and a double dip in housing .
Update : Here 's the video .
Live Politics latest news : Stanley Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn apologise for rule breaches - as minister hints they wo n't be fined
Features
High Performance Electronics Architecture
Dual processor - Twice the processing power to maximize performance .
32 MB cache - Bigger , faster cache means faster performance .
Rock Solid Mechanical Architecture
StableTrac -
The motor shaft is secured at both ends to reduce system - induced vibration and stabilize platters for accurate tracking , during read and write operations .
NoTouch ramp load technology -
The recording head never touches the disk media ensuring significantly less wear to the recording head and media as well as better drive protection in transit .
Compatible -
We perform tests on hundreds of systems and a multitude of platforms in our FIT Lab™ and Mobile Compatibility Lab to give our customers confidence that our drives will work in their systems
Ideal For
Power computing applications such as multimedia , video and photo editing , and maxed out gaming computers .
How this WD hard drive protects your data
Data Lifeguard is an exclusive set of data protection features , including shock protection , an environmental protection system and real - time embedded error detection and repair .
WD 's Data Lifeguard technology automatically finds , isolates , and repairs problems that may develop over the life of a hard drive .
Data Lifeguard
Tools are software utilities designed for WD hard drives that work with the embedded Data Lifeguard features to make hard drive installation , diagnostics and repair both simple and worry - free .
( Download Data Lifeguard Tools )
ShockGuard instantaneously protects the hard drive against damage from bumps and vibrations while it is running .
This technology enables WD Caviar drives to achieve industry - leading shock specifications .
Potential climate change caused by rising levels of carbon dioxide might be better understood by examining fossil plant remains from millions of years ago , according to biogeochemists .
The types of carbon within the leaves can serve as a window into past temperatures and environmental conditions .
" Carbon isotopes are really important for understanding the carbon cycle of the past , and we care about the carbon cycle of the past because it gives us clues about future climate change , " said Aaron Diefendorf , graduate student in geosciences at Penn State .
Carbon naturally occurs in two non-radioactive isotopes -- different forms of the same element -- carbon 12 and carbon 13 .
Plants absorb carbon from the atmosphere as carbon dioxide .
The ratio of carbon 12 to carbon 13 within a plant mirrors the ratio in the atmosphere , which varies with changes in the carbon cycle -- the cycling of the element carbon through plants and animals , the ocean , the atmosphere and Earth 's crust .
Clues about how the environment responded to global warming events millions of years ago can be found in carbon isotope ratios from ancient fossil leaves , sediments and pollen .
However , environmental conditions also impact leaf carbon isotope ratios , a complexity that Diefendorf and Kevin Mueller , graduate student in ecology , Penn State , set out to resolve with their study .
Diefendorf and Mueller looked at published carbon isotope values from more than 3,000 modern plants , including a variety of plant types from diverse environments .
Modern plant data allowed the researchers to examine how plant type , altitude and water availability affect the exchange of carbon isotopes between leaves and the atmosphere .
" The relationship between temperature and carbon dioxide is really important to understand future climate change , " said Diefendorf , whose research with Mueller , Scott Wing , department of paleobiology , Smithsonian Institute ; Paul Koch , department of earth and planetary sciences , University of California , Santa Cruz and Katherine Freeman , professor of geosciences , Penn State , appeared in a recent issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
advertisement
The researchers found that carbon isotope ratios in plants are strongly influenced by water availability .
The relationship between water and leaf carbon isotope values has long been known to ecologists , but had not been observed at the global scale .
The carbon isotope ratio was also dependent on plant type -- evergreen or deciduous .
To properly estimate carbon isotope ratios from the past , the authors suggest that future research must account for how water and plant type affect the relationship between atmospheric and leaf carbon isotope values .
Temperature records along with accurate estimates of the past atmospheric - carbon - isotope values enable scientists to better understand how much warming is carbon - cycle - perturbation produced .
This is applicable to the present rise in carbon dioxide .
The researchers believe the environmental relationships highlighted in their study can be used to modify existing climate records to produce a more accurate , robust account of past atmospheric conditions and how it correlates with temperature change .
" We know that climate is warming from increases in greenhouse gases as a result of human behavior -- the science is clear -- but understanding the additional feedbacks in the climate system that amplify this warming are crucial to understand future climate change , " said Diefendorf .
As the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere continues to rise , it is critical to use prehistoric events as models for how to control and adjust to the rapidly changing carbon cycle .
" What we hope is that by using this approach ( the patterns and relationships their research provides ) , we are going to get a better value for the carbon isotope ratio in the atmosphere , which you then plug into your model and get a better estimate for climate sensitivity , " concluded Mueller .
The National Science Foundation supported this work , including fellowships awarded to Diefendorf and Mueller from the Penn State Biogeochemical Research Initiative for Education .
She ’ll save the world and be home in time for the early bird special .
( submitted by Mari )
Fifth of those polled say disaster increases their belief in drilling
Ten percent of Americans believe environmentalists intentionally sabotaged the oil rig Deepwater Horizon off the Gulf Coast according to a poll released Tuesday , apparently as part of a ploy to reduce Americans ’ support for offshore drilling .
The surprising finding was contained in a poll released Tuesday by Public Policy Polling .
Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh floated the idea on his nationally syndicated talk show .
ADVERTISEMENT
Polling director Tom Jensen downplayed the finding in a blog post , arguing that the figure was insignificant .
He noted , however , that if “ undecideds ” were included , the number of Americans who are unsure about or believe the environmental sabotage theory rises to more than thirty percent .
“ Just 9 % of voters say they think environmentalists caused the spill while 22 % are unsure and 69 % do n’t believe they had anything to do with it , ” Jensen writes .
“ Even among GOP voters only 13 % are buying into the ‘ the environmentalists ’ did it frame of mind . ”
Also notable in the poll was that almost a fifth of Americans said they were more likely to support offshore drilling after the oil disaster .
“ Perhaps most surprisingly 21 % of voters said the spill made them more likely to support offshore drilling , ” Jensen added .
“ That includes an even split among GOP voters , 28 % of whom said the spill made them more likely to support drilling and 28 % of whom said the spill made them less likely to support drilling . ”
If environmentalists were really responsible , as Rush Limbaugh asserts , their “ ploy ” has n’t succeeded , the poll finds .
Fifty five percent of Americans polled after the oil leak still supported offshore drilling .
Democrats polled were narrowly opposed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Americans ’ belief in things not seen is n’t new — more than half of Americans polled in a 2008 study said they believed “ angels and demons ” were active in the world , with 80 percent claiming that miracles do occur .
Seven hundred and seven Americans were surveyed in the Public Policy study , conducted between May 7 and May 9 .
The poll carries a margin of error of plus or minus 3.7 points .
The full poll results are available here .
Did UKIP cost Tories ten seats by fielding candidates in constituencies the Conservatives were set to win ?
Tory MP David Heathcoat - Amory was ousted from his seat in Wells , Somerset where UKIP picked up 1,711 votes
The tiny UK Independence Party helped deprive the Conservatives of at least ten seats by fielding candidates in constituencies the Tories had a good chance of winning .
Nationally , UKIP picked up just 3 per cent of the vote .
But in a string of seats their support was enough to stop even Eurosceptic Tory candidates winning .
In the most glaring example , the anti-EU party helped oust the fiercely Eurosceptic David Heathcoat - Amory in Wells , Somerset .
UKIP picked up 1,711 votes as the Tory MP lost to the Liberal Democrats by 800 .
UKIP also helped to prop up a number of Labour ministers , including Schools Secretary Ed Balls , Communities Secretary John Denham , immigration minister Phil Woolas and local government minister Ian Austin .
In each case the ministers would have lost their seats if the bulk of UKIP 's support had gone to the Conservative candidate .
Mr Austin , a close ally of Gordon Brown , held Dudley North with a majority of just 649 over the Conservatives , while UKIP picked up 3,267 votes .
The UKIP effect was particularly noticeable in the West Country , where there has long been a strong Eurosceptic sentiment .
As well as Wells , the Lib Dems won in St Ives , Somerton and Frome and St Austell and Newquay after narrowly holding off Conservative candidates with the help of UKIP .
A UKIP spokesman last night claimed the party had deprived the Tories of wins in up to 15 seats , but did not provide a full list .
He blamed the Tories for rejecting an electoral deal in which UKIP candidates would have stood aside in return for a referendum on Britain leaving Europe .
He added : ' We are not responsible for the behaviour of the Conservative Party who rejected the offer of a deal .
The voice of our supporters is important and massive and the only way to teach the Conservatives that is to hurt them . '
BNP is rejected across the country
BNP leader Nick Griffin was ' smashed ' into third place in his bid to enter the Commons .
He also saw voters overwhelmingly reject his party 's racist policies by kicking them out of most of their seats in local elections .
Griffin had high hopes of success after winning seats for himself and a colleague in the European Parliament last June .
BNP leader Nick Griffin saw voters overwhelmingly reject his party 's racist policies by kicking them out of most of their seats in local elections
He threw the bulk of his party 's resources into contesting Barking , East London , where his members until yesterday held 12 seats on the local council .
Sitting Labour MP Margaret Hodge however doubled her vote to 24,628 as Griffin trailed in third with just 6,620 .
Mrs Hodge said : ' The message from Britain to the BNP is clear - get out and stay out . '
Nationwide the BNP fought in 326 parliamentary seats , but after most results were declared had seen its support inch up by only 1.83 per cent to little more than half a million votes .
The BNP was comprehensively routed in the local elections .
All 12 of its councillors In Barking and Dagenham were toppled .
With two - thirds of local council results declared , it had lost 22 seats - retaining just 14 .
Meanwhile , Labour doled out bloody noses to the Tories and the Lib Dems in the local elections .
The party seized control of eight extra Town Halls .
Labour was on course to win 300 extra council seats while the Tories were heading towards losing 100 and the Lib Dems losing more than 60 .
One goal of the " open carry " movement , The New York Times notes , is to encourage liberalization of concealed carry laws .
California , for instance , is one of nine states where concealed carry permits are issued at the discretion of local officials , which often means that only the politically connected receive permission to discreetly pack heat .
But California law ( PDF ) allows you to openly carry an unloaded gun without a permit , provided you are outside of designated " gun-free " zones .
Hence the holstered coffee drinkers letting it all hang out at Starbucks :
" It is a discriminatory issue in California , " said Paul Higgins , 43 , a software engineer who runs a Web forum called CaliforniaOpenCarry.org .
" If you are politically connected , if you 're rich , if you 're a politician , if you 're a celebrity , you get a permit .
Otherwise , you do n't . "
Mr. Higgins said the meet - ups [ of gun toters ] were not meant to be confrontational .
The hope , he said , is that if other restaurant or cafe patrons are uncomfortable with guns being displayed so conspicuously , pressure will increase on lawmakers to consider changing the law so that weapons can be carried more discreetly .
Public attitudes on this issue seem to have changed dramatically since the 19th century , when carrying a concealed weapon was often banned as a sneaky , disreputable practice conducive to crime .
Today , by contrast , it 's the open carrying of weapons that is deemed alarming .
In addition to avoiding that effect , hidden guns have the advantage of deterring criminals who can't be sure who is armed and who is n't .
Yet in D.C. v. Heller , the 2008 decision vindicating Second Amendment rights , the Supreme Court noted that " the majority of the 19th - century courts to consider the question held that prohibitions on carrying concealed weapons were lawful under the Second Amendment or state analogues . "
The majority therefore deemed such bans " presumptively lawful . "
The Second Amendment lawsuit that I discussed in my column last week , challenging the District of Columbia 's blanket ban on carrying handguns , argues that legislators may require people to conceal their guns or to bear them openly but cannot constitutionally ban all carrying in public .
Beyond the legal and practical issues , of course , there is the question of whether open carry activists are helping or hurting the cause of gun rights by popping up in coffee shops and restaurants with weapons on their waists .
Respectable , law - abiding people carrying guns openly in public places could help normalize gun ownership and armed self - defense among people who are unfamiliar with both .
The experience of a Walnut Hill , California , pizzeria owner who decided to welcome gun carriers is consistent with that hope :
" Frankly , I was n't sure how I would feel in that type of situation , and it really turned out to be a total nonissue , " Ms. Grunner said .
" The families were great , " she said .
" These were very gracious people . "
The fact that customers wore sidearms , she said , " just faded into the background . "
Then again , the sight of people with pistols on their hips could serve to confirm prejudices about gun owners among people who believe they fetishize their weapons and seek to project a macho image .
The goal of encouraging support for liberalized concealed carry policies depends to some extent on normalization yet at the same time assumes open gun toting will make people uneasy .
I 'm not sure people can be simultaneously reassured and alarmed .
Danny Carey grew up in a very typical , middle - class American house in Paola , Kansas .
His father was a manager for a large insurance company and his mother was a school teacher .
Danny has one older brother and one younger brother .
Danny 's earliest musical memory was when his father took him into the music library at the University of Kansas and played The Planets by Gustov Holst .
Danny started taking lessons when he was ten or eleven , just on the snare drum in school band , and then again when he got his first kit at thirteen .
Danny received a scholarship in High School to go to the Conservatory of Music in Kansas City .
Danny studied music for over three years at the University of Missouri .
He had a couple of offers to play basketball at small colleges , but knew he was n't good enough to play major college basketball or to go pro .
Danny spent years working on his rudiments and doing drum corps .
He always loved Billy Cobham and Buddy Rich because no matter how fast they played , you could hear every note .
When he was in college he got a lot of classical training , doing recitals for three and a half years .
He could have earned a degree if he stuck it out a while longer , but just wanted to play the drum set a little more , so he bailed on school when an opportunity came to go on the road with a band .
In 1986 , Danny moved to Los Angeles , and spent four years there before anything really happened .
However , at that time he was heavily into electronic drums .
He was playing an electronic kit with real cymbals , and played the clubs .
Then he got more into real drums , and attributes that to finally finding a quality set that sounded good .
Danny also worked as a session player for Green Jello , Pygmy Love Circus , and Carole King .
Danny 's day job in LA was working in a tape duplication house .
Then he met Adam Jones through Tom Morello of Rage ( Against The Machine ) .
Danny was also living beside Maynard .
He never auditioned for them ( Keenan and Jones ) .
He felt sorry for them , because they would invite people over to play , and they would n't show up , so he would fill in .
Danny still loves playing jazz when he gets the chance .
He is also working on a side project called ZAUM , which works in an electronic medium .
Danny has also been involved in other side projects .
Birth Name : Daniel Edwin Carey
Birthday : May 10 , 1961
Quick Facts : Danny Carey is 6 '5 " .
His first concert was Lynyrd Skynyrd .
What books would you select for your bookshelf to be painted by artist Jane Mount ?
Her Ideal Bookshelf paintings ( click link to see ) featured in the New Yorker last August 11 inspired me to put twenty volumes together on one shelf and photograph them .
Anne of Green Gables was a Christmas 1925 gift to my mother from her mother and the Gene Stratton - Porter book was my mother ’s .
C.S. Lewis’ Silver Chair is a stand - in for The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe .
Most of these books belonged to my sister Mary and got passed down to me .
Longfellow was a gift to my brother David and me from Cousin Paul in 1961 .
In sixth grade I had to memorize , “ Under a spreading chestnut tree the village smithy stands …..
The Beatrix Potter in French was from my sister ( who signed it Marie ) and presented it to me on my half birthday one January fourth .
The Tiny Golden Book in The Naughty Little Guest by Dorothy Kunhardt .
The Sunny Sulky Book opened two different directions with the good children and bad children stories .
I loved Fairy Eat - It - All who came in the night with a spoon for a little boy whose eyes were bigger than his stomach , and he had to eat his way through a mound of food he had taken and not eaten .
So here are my books from growing up , all on one shelf .
My Bookshelf
You tell me my old books smell
like a Goodwill bin .
Old dust and stick your nose in ,
breathe .
The weight of them
on the house ’s foundation .
My hardwood floors sag .
You say I ’m impaired
in technology .
Society will evolve without me ?
All I need in my life
is an e-reader not musty books .
I like the feel of them in my hand .
Turn them over , slip off a dustjacket .
See the author peer back at me .
The opening of the first page .
Or a slender bookmark to hold my place .
I ’m sad they ’re closing the store .
My list of reasons to read
from a page ( or your preferred screen ) –
There ’s escape ,
entertainment ,
information ,
directions -
maps , cooking , and signs ,
travel or how to put something together
take meds ,
but for me
reason number one .
Two and three .
There ’s my mother ’s voice
my dad ’s , in certain volumes
reading to me -
the escape I mentioned before .
And enjoyment .
Sheer enjoyment .
I ’m sure you can think of more .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Skype
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
During a conference call with the executive committee of a nonprofit board on which I sit , I decided to send an email to a client .
I know , I know .
You ’d think I ’d have learned .
Last week I wrote about the dangers of using a cell phone while driving .
Multitasking is dangerous .
And so I proposed a way to stop .
But when I sent that email , I was n’t in a car .
I was safe at my desk .
What could go wrong ?
Well , I sent the client the message .
Then I had to send him another one , this time with the attachment I had forgotten to append .
Finally , my third email to him explained why that attachment was n’t what he was expecting .
When I eventually refocused on the call , I realized I had n’t heard a question the Chair of the Board had asked me .
I swear I was n’t smoking anything .
But I might as well have been .
A study showed that people distracted by incoming email and phone calls saw a 10 - point fall in their IQs .
What ’s the impact of a 10 - point drop ?
The same as losing a night of sleep .
More than twice the effect of smoking marijuana .
Doing several things at once is a trick we play on ourselves , thinking we ’re getting more done .
In reality , our productivity goes down by as much as 40 % .
We do n’t actually multitask .
We switch - task , rapidly shifting from one thing to another , interrupting ourselves unproductively , and losing time in the process .
You might think you ’re different , that you ’ve done it so much you ’ve become good at it .
Practice makes perfect and all that .
But you ’d be wrong .
Research shows that heavy multitaskers are less competent at doing several things at once than light multitaskers .
In other words , in contrast to almost everything else in your life , the more you multitask , the worse you are at it .
Practice , in this case , works against you .
I decided to do an experiment .
For one week I would do no multitasking and see what happened .
What techniques would help ?
Could I sustain a focus on one thing at a time for that long ?
For the most part , I succeeded .
If I was on the phone , all I did was talk or listen on the phone .
In a meeting I did nothing but focus on the meeting .
Any interruptions — email , a knock on the door — I held off until I finished what I was working on .
During the week I discovered six things :
First , it was delightful .
I noticed this most dramatically when I was with my children .
I shut my cell phone off and found myself much more deeply engaged and present with them .
I never realized how significantly a short moment of checking my email disengaged me from the people and things right there in front of me .
Do n’t laugh , but I actually — for the first time in a while — noticed the beauty of leaves blowing in the wind .
Second , I made significant progress on challenging projects , the kind that — like writing or strategizing — require thought and persistence .
The kind I usually try to distract myself from .
I stayed with each project when it got hard , and experienced a number of breakthroughs .
Third , my stress dropped dramatically .
Research shows that multitasking is n’t just inefficient , it ’s stressful .
And I found that to be true .
It was a relief to do only one thing at a time .
I felt liberated from the strain of keeping so many balls in the air at each moment .
It felt reassuring to finish one thing before going to the next .
Fourth , I lost all patience for things I felt were not a good use of my time .
An hour - long meeting seemed interminably long .
A meandering pointless conversation was excruciating .
II became laser - focused on getting things done .
Since I was n’t doing anything else , I got bored much more quickly .
I had no tolerance for wasted time .
Fifth , I had tremendous patience for things I felt were useful and enjoyable .
When I listened to my wife Eleanor , I was in no rush .
When I was brainstorming about a difficult problem , I stuck with it .
Nothing else was competing for my attention so I was able to settle into the one thing I was doing .
Sixth , there was no downside .
I lost nothing by not multitasking .
No projects were left unfinished .
No one became frustrated with me for not answering a call or failing to return an email the second I received it .
That ’s why it ’s so surprising that multitasking is so hard to resist .
If there ’s no downside to stopping , why do n’t we all just stop ?
I think it ’s because our minds move considerably faster than the outside world .
You can hear far more words a minute than someone else can speak .
We have so much to do , why waste any time ?
So , while you ’re on the phone listening to someone , why not use that extra brain power to book a trip to Florence ?
What we neglect to realize is that we ’re already using that brain power to pick up nuance , think about what we ’re hearing , access our creativity , and stay connected to what ’s happening around us .
It ’s not really extra brain power .
And diverting it has negative consequences .
So how do we resist the temptation ?
First , the obvious : the best way to avoid interruptions is to turn them off .
Often I write at 6 am when there ’s nothing to distract me , I disconnect my computer from its wireless connection and turn my phone off .
In my car , I leave my phone in the trunk .
Drastic ?
Maybe .
But most of us should n’t trust ourselves .
Second , the less obvious :
Use your loss of patience to your advantage .
Create unrealistically short deadlines .
Cut all meetings in half .
Give yourself a third of the time you think you need to accomplish something .
There ’s nothing like a deadline to keep things moving .
And when things are moving fast , we ca n’t help but focus on them .
How many people run a race while texting ?
If you really only have 30 minutes to finish a presentation you thought would take an hour , are you really going to answer an interrupting call ?
Interestingly , because multitasking is so stressful , single - tasking to meet a tight deadline will actually reduce your stress .
In other words , giving yourself less time to do things could make you more productive and relaxed .
Finally , it ’s good to remember that we ’re not perfect .
Every once in a while it might be OK to allow for a little multitasking .
As I was writing this , Daniel , my two - year - old son , walked into my office , climbed on my lap , and said “ Monsters , Inc. movie please . ”
So , here we are , I ’m finishing this piece on the left side of my computer screen while Daniel is on my lap watching a movie on the right side of my computer screen .
Sometimes , it is simply impossible to resist a little multitasking .
( Editor ’s note : Fellow HBR blogger David Silverman has some different thoughts on multi-tasking in his post , “ In Defense of Multitasking ” )
In Greece , trombone players and pastry chefs get to retire as early as 50 on grounds their work causes them late career breathing problems .
Hairdressers enjoy the same perk thanks to the dyes and other chemicals they rub into people 's scalps .
Then there are masseurs at steam baths : they get an early out because prolonged exposure to all that heat and steam is deemed unhealthy .
Until the Greek debt crisis , northern Europeans looked at Greek early retirement with an amused roll of the eyes .
But more and more such loopholes are angering them : they bristle at being asked to pay for their laggard southern neighbors ' early retirement .
When Germany 's top - selling newspaper Bild asked readers in that fiscally prudent nation how they felt about coughing up hard - earned money for this kind of luxury , the daily 's website lit up with comment .
In a bloc with a shared currency but no power to enforce budgetary restraint and keep members from spending themselves into messes like Greece 's , the retirement quirk illustrates another fault line that crept to the surface with the debt crisis that began in Athens and is threatening to spread across the euro zone .
Germany , making available as much as 22.4 billion euros for the joint EU and IMF bailout of Greece , and which not long ago raised its retirement age from 65 to 67 to offset a shrinking , aging population , is being made " the laughing stock of Europe , " one reader wrote to Bild .
Another said of the Greeks : " Why do n't they call upon their gods ?
They seem to have enough of those . "
Like many EU countries , the general retirement age in Greece is 65 , although the actual average is about 61 .
However , the deeply fragmented system also provides for early retirement — as early as 55 for men and 50 for women — in many professions classified as " arduous and unhealthy . "
The vast majority seem reasonable , like coal mining , but others , like the bakers and wind - instrument musicians , might strike some as a tad silly .
Greek pensions are low but the system is widely abused , and as part of a drive to reduce Greece 's huge debt the government is trying to simplify the labyrinth of rules governing pensions and abolish early retirement rights for some categories of workers .
In the end , Greeks will have to work more years , pay a bit more into the system and receive smaller pensions .
However , Greece is not the only EU country that goes easy on some professions .
Spain offers early retirement not only to miners , firefighters and police , but also to singers and dancers at 60 .
Because of the occupational hazards , bullfighters get to hang up their capes at 55 .
Some northern Europeans are less than thrilled .
" They have to decide for themselves what to do , but they cannot have Swedish expenses and American taxes , that does n't add up , " Swedish Finance Minister Anders Borg told reporters this week , referring to the troubled countries in southern Europe .
" It is not reasonable to think that they should have a retirement age of 40 or 50 years and then send the bill to someone else . "
Also in Stockholm , 22 - year - old security guard Jenny Lindstrom , called the Greek system unfair to other Europeans and said the bloc should have a single set of rules .
" I also would like to retire earlier .
I do n't want to work for a long time to pay for others ' to retire early in other countries . "
But to frame things as hardworking north vs. laid - back south is simplistic , said Vincenzo Galasso , a Milan - based professor of economics who specializes in social security systems and is affiliated with the Center for Economic Policy Research , a London think tank .
Lots of people take early retirement in Italy , but so do workers further north in Belgium and France , he told The AP .
And while Italy once pushed for introduction of a uniform EU policy on retirement pensions , the various countries systems and retirement ages differ so much that this would be a real challenge .
" We are not going to go in that direction because that would be very complicated , " Galasso said .
He agreed , however , that Greece has to reform its system , saying it is just not sustainable to allow women to retire at , say , 58 , and pay them a pension well into their 80s .
Along with early retirement , Greece has one of Europe 's highest longevity rates — with an average life expectancy of 77.1 years for men and 81.9 for women .
Amid all the recrimination , there has been some soul - searching as well .
Austria , for instance , has a retirement system that is very generous — especially to public servants and those in the semi-public sector .
Railway workers , for instance , can retire at just 52 .
" It 's easy these days to point the finger at ' the Greeks ' — easy and unfair at the same time , " columnist Sylvia Woergetter wrote in the Salzburger Nachrichten newspaper .
" It 's true that the Greeks have a pension system that is brimming over with absurd privileges .
But in Austria there are also pension privileges . "
Still , as far away as Finland , where the government has also tried to push up the retirement age to make up for a lack of skilled workers , there is resentment over paying for early retirement in the EU 's sun-baked south .
" No way .
It would be really unfair on a Finnish taxpayer who is still at work at the same age as someone in the same profession in another country retires , " said 60 - year - old Pirkko Toivonen , perhaps with extra reason .
She is a hairdresser .
Lost : A giant belt of brown clouds big enough to swallow Earth twenty times over .
If found , please return to Jupiter .
May 20 , 2010 : In a development that has transformed the appearance of the solar system 's largest planet , one of Jupiter 's two main cloud belts has completely disappeared .
" This is a big event , " says planetary scientist Glenn Orton of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Lab .
" We 're monitoring the situation closely and do not yet fully understand what 's going on . "
These side by side images of Jupiter taken by Australian astrophotographer Anthony Wesley show the SEB in August 2009 , but not in May 2010 .
Individual images :
Known as the South Equatorial Belt ( SEB ) , the brown cloudy band is twice as wide as Earth and more than twenty times as long .
The loss of such an enormous " stripe " can be seen with ease halfway across the solar system .
" In any size telescope , or even in large binoculars , Jupiter 's signature appearance has always included two broad equatorial belts , " says amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley of Australia .
" I remember as a child seeing them through my small backyard refractor and it was unmistakable .
Anyone who turns their telescope on Jupiter at the moment , however , will see a planet with only one belt - - a very strange sight . "
Wesley is a veteran observer of Jupiter , famous for his discovery of a comet hitting the planet in 2009 .
Like many other astronomers , he noticed the belt fading late last year , " but I certainly did n't expect to see it completely disappear , " he says .
" Jupiter continues to surprise . "
Orton thinks the belt is not actually gone , but may be just hiding underneath some higher clouds .
Without the SEB present , Jupiter 's Great Red Spot is surrounded by almost uninterrupted white .
Anthony Wesley took this picture on May 18 , 2010 .
" It 's possible , " he hypothesizes , " that some ' ammonia cirrus ' has formed on top of the SEB , hiding the SEB from view . "
On Earth , white wispy cirrus clouds are made of ice crystals .
On Jupiter , the same sort of clouds can form , but the crystals are made of ammonia ( NH3 ) instead of water ( H20 ) .
What would trigger such a broad outbreak of " ammonia cirrus " ?
Orton suspects that changes in global wind patterns have brought ammonia - rich material into the clear , cold zone above the SEB , setting the stage for formation of the high - altitude , icy clouds .
" I 'd love to send a probe in there to find out what 's really going on . "
Indeed , Jupiter 's atmosphere is a mysterious place which would benefit from exploration .
No one knows , for instance , why the Great Red Spot is red — or what has sustained the raging storm for so many years .
Neither does theory explain why the twin equatorial belts are brown , nor why one should vanish while the other remains .
" We have a long list of questions , " says Orton .
This is n't the first time the SEB has faded out .
" The SEB fades at irregular intervals , most recently in 1973 - 75 , 1989 - 90 , 1993 , 2007 , 2010 , " says John Rogers , director of the British Astronomical Association 's Jupiter Section .
" The 2007 fading was terminated rather early , but in the other years the SEB was almost absent , as at present . "
The return of the SEB can be dramatic .
Jupiter beckons to amateur astronomers from the pre-dawn sky .
Lyle Anderson of Duluth , Minnesota , took this picture on May 19 , 2010 .
" We can look forward to a spectacular outburst of storms and vortices when the ' SEB Revival ' begins , " says Rogers .
" It always begins at a single point , and a disturbance spreads out rapidly around the planet from there , often becoming spectacular even for amateurs eyeballing the planet through medium - sized telescopes .
However we can't predict when or where it will start .
On historical precedent it could be any time in the next 2 years .
We hope it will be in the next few months so that everyone can get a good view .
" I 'll be watching every chance I get , " says Wesley .
" The revival will likely be sudden and dramatic , with planet - circling groups of storms appearing over the space of just a week or so . "
Indeed , says Orton , " anyone could be the first to spot the return of the SEB . "
Jupiter shines in the eastern sky before dawn :
.
Point your optics at the " morning star " and … is that really Jupiter ?
Happy hunting !
Author : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Many non-gamers and casual gamers who 've heard the cloud computing hype might be surprised to learn that the cloud is actually changing the way we play games .
From the ever - evolving Steam and Impulse to upcoming services like OnLive , the cloud has already had a serious impact on the games industry , and with a slew of new services on tap for later this year and next , that impact is slated to grow enormously .
This shift to the cloud has implications far beyond the gaming experience — every aspect of the multibillion dollar business of gaming will be affected , from distribution and sales to quality assurance to anti-piracy controls .
Steam releases the Cloud
The gaming world got its first major taste of cloud - based gaming on November 18 , 2008 .
Alongside the release of the highly anticipated co-op zombie shooter , Left 4 Dead , developer Valve also rolled out a brand new service : Steam Cloud .
This new service lets users store data such as saved games , multiplayer settings , and keyboard configurations on Valve 's servers instead of locally on their own computer .
What this meant for PC gamers was the ability to have the same gaming experience on multiple PCs .
You could start right where you left off in a game even when on a different computer , and there was no need for constantly fussing about with gamepad or keyboard settings .
Steam Cloud " just worked . "
" For some time now , Steam has allowed gamers to log on from any computer in the world and access their applications , " Valve president Gabe Newell said when the service was initially announced .
" This also makes it easy to upgrade a PC without worrying about losing your games .
Steam Cloud is a natural extension of the portability Steam affords gamers and developers , and we intend to expand its feature set as it is used in Left 4 Dead and other games coming to Steam . "
This concept has been very well received by gamers — it was one of our favorite tech trends of 2008 .
In addition to Steam , cloud - based features have also been added to services like Stardock 's Impulse platform , and , in all likelihood , the idea will become even more pervasive in the future .
" The concept of virtual storage is to let a player ’s ' stuff ' become ubiquitous — accessible from anywhere .
This way , they do n’t have to worry about a new machine losing their mods or saved games or other key data , " Stardock CEO and president Brad Wardell told Ars .
" I am pretty convinced that it is going to become the dominant way for games to deal with transient data .
When implemented correctly — that is , store it locally in the event the user loses ' Net access or the service is down , and store it on the cloud when possible — you end up with a much better customer experience while decreasing the support costs for the developer . "
Put away that gaming rig
One year after Valve popularized the concept of cloud gaming , a then - unknown start - up announced plans to take it in an entirely different direction .
At the 2009 Game Developers Conference , a company called OnLive revealed a brand new service that would allow any TV , PC , or Mac access to " the world 's highest performance Games On Demand service . "
All you need is access to a broadband Internet connection and , if you 're using the service on a TV , you need what OnLive dubs the MicroConsole .
The major benefit of OnLive for consumers is that , in theory , it allows players with modest hardware to access more demanding titles without having to upgrade — certainly a very appealing prospect .
OnLive has already garnered the support of a number of big - name publishers and developers , including Electronic Arts , Ubisoft , and Take - Two .
The service could very well be as beneficial to those who make games as to those who play them .
According to Onlive founder and CEO Steve Perlman , one of the major benefits is the piracy protection that cloud gaming provides , a subject which is currently on the minds of many PC developers .
" You can't pirate a videogame and you can't have used games , so that solves the piracy problem , " he explained during a talk at Columbia University .
" A movie you can always pirate , you can point a camera at the TV set , or a microphone at the speakers .
But if the game is running remotely in the cloud , and it 's playing here , you can't pirate it .
Because every experience is unique . "
This is surely an attractive proposition for many publishers , who have struggled with finding ways to curb PC gaming piracy .
However , for some developers , the anti-piracy features are n't what makes OnLive so attractive .
Instead , it 's more of a sense of curiosity about what this type of service could mean for the future gaming .
" The guys at OnLive made it really easy for us — we did n't have to do anything to our game , it just worked on their service , " Ron Carmel , one half of World of Goo developer 2D Boy told Ars. 2D Boy is one of the few independent developers ( if not the only one ) that has partnered with OnLive .
" We were also very curious to see how well the service works , and having a game on there and getting sales and usage data is the best view an outsider can get . "
However , while World of Goo has infamously been subject to a great deal of piracy , Carmel says that piracy had no impact on the developer 's decision to partner with OnLive .
Instead , he pointed to a much different benefit , one that is especially poignant for smaller developers like 2D Boy who have limited resources .
" The most obvious one is beta testing , " he told Ars .
" As a developer you could beta test your game on a cloud computing solution without risking a leak , and knowing that all your testers are always using the latest version .
Another huge advantage is that all of the game 's inputs and outputs can be recorded , so when someone reports a bug or a crash happens , you can go back and see exactly what happened .
Reproducing bugs is often the most difficult and time consuming part of fixing them , and being able to replay a bug would significantly speed up the bug fixing process that dominates the end of every game 's development cycle . "
Of course the major question is , does OnLive actually work .
The prospect certainly shows quite a bit of promise , but is the technology there yet ?
While we wo n't know for certain until it actually launches on June 17 , early reports from beta testers suggest that there are a number of technological hurdles that OnLive has n't been able to overcome , with at least one person who got unauthorized access to the beta test claiming that the lag and graphical issues rendered games " simply unplayable . "
( In its defense , OnLive counters that this person was way too far away from the servers , and that the service will be targeted at specific geographies to combat this problem . )
The service has also been criticized for its pricing structure .
OnLive will cost users a $ 14.95 monthly fee , in addition to the costs of purchasing and renting games .
Similar to OnLive is L.A. - based OTOY , which makes use of AMD 's Fusion Render Cloud GPU / CPU server platform .
Combined with OTOY 's own cloud streaming tech , the service wants to deliver an OnLive - style experience , albeit on any Internet - capable device .
" These [ AMD Fusion Render Cloud ] servers will permit content providers to deliver video games , PC applications and other graphically - intensive applications through the Internet ' cloud ' to virtually any type of mobile device with a web browser in a manner designed to help maximize battery life and to efficiently process the content , " the company claims .
To demonstrate this , the company showed off a version of Crysis — a visually intense first person shooter often deemed the benchmark for high - end computer graphics — running on an iPhone .
And , aside from the obvious control issues , it worked .
In fact , Ars Deputy Editor Jon Stokes came away from the demo much more impressed by the games streaming on the iPhone than those on a larger monitor .
Games like BioShock and World of Warcraft showed plenty of compression artifacts on full - sized monitors , so much so that in - game text was almost unreadable .
However , when viewed on the smaller screen of an iPhone , these graphical issues were n't as apparent .
This could potentially make OTOY very appealing to more casual , less discerning gamers , though the graphical and lag issues will probably turn off the more hardcore .
The service is expected to make its public debut in Q2 2010 .
So far , the spill is far less serious than Katrina .
Obama visits Gulf as storm looms
As senior administration officials defended the White House ’s response to Gulf Coast oil spill Sunday morning , President Barack Obama headed to Louisiana , where wind and rain has complicated efforts to control the still - growing oil slick and threatens to interfere with his visit .
Obama will be briefed on the spill at the Venice Coast Guard Center before making a statement on the increasingly complicated situation before returning to Washington this evening .
The center is just 15 minutes by helicopter from Louis Armstrong Airport in New Orleans , but weather may force the president ’s motorcade to instead set out on a two - hour drive to get there and back .
Obama will have his top aides by his side during his visit , including Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and John Brennan , the White House ’s top national security adviser for Homeland Security .
Advertisement
Newly - appointed National Incident Commander , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , warned this weekend that officials need to prepare for the oil to wash ashore , and Sunday he said seas of up to six to ten feet have “ hampered ” response efforts .
" Mother Nature gets a vote in this thing , " Allen told reporters Saturday .
And in an joint round of Sunday shows appearances just hours before Obama ’s trip , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar , appearing along with Allen , stayed tightly on message , repeatedly using the phrase “ day one ” to characterize the administration ’s engagement in the response to the spill .
The secretaries uttered the phrase seven separate times on CNN alone in an increasingly vigorous attempt to insulate the administration from charges that it was initially slow to respond to the spill .
But the cabinet members were less clear about whether the government or British petroleum giant was in charge of the clean - up effort .
Both called BP the “ responsible party , ” and stressed that it would foot the bill for the clean up , but Napolitano said only that “ the government has taken on more of a role as the spill has spread and moved toward shore ” when asked about who was ultimately in charge of the effort .
Their appearances and Obama ’s trip today as the political game of assigning credit and blame is already in full swing , even before the pipe leak has been closed .
It 's unlikely any politician , let alone one as careful as Obama , would repeat Bush 's infamous the “ heckuva job Brownie ” gaffe regarding FEMA Director Michael Brown .
But the trip comes with risks for Obama – in demonstrating his command of the crisis , the president must place himself at the mercy of shifting weather , tidal patterns , an underwater gusher of oil and other circumstances he can do little to control .
It ’s one of the most difficult political spots for a politician to be : in the midst of a disaster they often have little ability to control .
The White House over the weekend stepped up its efforts to respond to the Gulf Coast oil slick now within days of making landfall in Mississippi and Alabama – designating Allen the incident commander , introducing a new website detailing their efforts and announcing President Barack Obama himself would visit the Gulf Coast on Sunday .
But Republicans had already began trying to brand the oil spill “ Obama ’s Katrina , ” as talker Rush Limbaugh put it Friday – a label they also tried to attach to the U.S. rescue efforts after the Haiti earthquake – and the administration has stepped up its efforts in recent days to demonstrate its command of the situation .
“ The way we play politics right now , anytime something like this comes up the opposition is going to run it up the flagpole to see if anyone salutes , ” said Bruce Buchanan , a professor of government at the University of Texas , Austin .
“ And if they do n’t , everyone moves on and if they do , well , then the administration has got a problem . ”
A few Republicans did salute Friday .
Fox News host Sean Hannity said the slow response to the spill came from “ the very same people who were so fast to criticize George W. Bush . ”
Former Ark. Gov. Mike Huckabee , appearing on Hannity ’s show , said that " If Katrina was George Bush 's responsibility , this is Barack Obama 's responsibility . "
The White House pushed back hard on that line of attack over the weekend , and so far anyway , the spill is far less serious than Katrina — not least because of the hurricane 's massive death toll and its devastation of New Orleans .
And the storm , unlike the leak , came with advance warning .
But Obama 's team also appears mindful of the comparisons of the two situations - both affecting the Gulf Coast and requiring a significant federal response , including a visit by the president himself - and has been sending out numerous emails detailing the aggressive steps they ’ve taken since the spill occurred to head off any linkage in the public mind .
“ I want you to remember that more than 1,800 people died in Katrina , ” Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told POLITICO Saturday .
“ We were there right after the incident happened .
The pictures that everyone has seen of the fire – that is a response that included the Coast Guard .
This notion that somehow we ’re playing catch - up is badly uninformed . ”
Yet there were signs the White House was trying to keep up .
Obama ’s Gulf Coast trip was announced Saturday , just a day after Gibbs had told reporters that there would “ certainly not ” be a presidential trip there over the weekend .
The challenge for the White House is in separating the unavoidable comparison between two presidents visiting the Gulf Coast in the wake of a disaster from a Republican effort to even the score for Katrina .
The Obama administration has been forced to react to sudden bad news several times in recent months , as with the attempted Christmas Day bombing of an airliner and the heartbreaking devastation caused by the earthquake in Haiti .
In both cases , the administration was criticized for a slow response in the early hours – but a forceful and sustained response meant that the charge never stuck .
" Clearly there are some lessons from Katrina , ” Homeland Security Adviser John Brennan told reporters Saturday , “ and there have been some adjustments in the federal government from Katrina . "
Obama , he said , “ wants to be very aggressive and proactive and not wait to have to respond . "
Said Democratic strategist Paul Begala : Obama “ seems engaged and his Administration seems on top of it .
Bush , by contrast was clowning around as Katrina hit , then did n't engage , then famously praised Brownie . "
" Obama has thus far dodged a bullet for saying oil rigs are safe 18 days before this one blew .
If Bush had said that we'd be hammering him .
Except for that comment before the spill , I give him high marks , " Begala said .
That 's not to say the federal response has been seamless .
The Department of Homeland Security waited until Thursday – a week after the spill – to declare it “ a spill of national significance , ” and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said that day that she did n’t know if the Defense Department had resources that might be useful in containing and cleaning the spill .
The White House shifted into crisis gear late in the week , sending reporters a flood of releases detailing cabinet - level meetings , details about their response , and working with Louisiana ’s Republican Governor Bobby Jindal to mobilize the state ’s National Guard on Friday .
Still , Sunday , Napolitano stuggled to answer a question about what resources the military had brought to bear , telling CNN that “ [ t ] here is kind of a myth out there that somehow the Department of Defense is now coming in .
They actually have been there since day one . ”
Asked by host Candy Crowley , “ in what form ? ” Napolitano replied :
“ They 've been there in the form of ship -- and I think perhaps of air .
Thad could probably answer that more completely than I right now . ”
White House officials have said the scope of a tragedy that began 11 days ago was n’t initially obvious -- the volume of oil involved in the deep water leak became apparent as it slowly made its way to the surface and crept ever closer to the shore .
Still , part of Obama ’s appeal as a candidate is that he said he would run a competent government – that his appointees would be the opposite of the hapless “ Brownie , ” whose plaintive emails to staffers about wanting to go home were released in the wake of the catastrophe .
Sunday ’s visit to the stricken region , then , represents an opportunity for Obama to make good on that pledge .
“ President Obama will keep the broken promises to rebuild New Orleans and the Gulf Coast , ” it says on the White House website .
“ He and Vice President Biden will take steps to ensure that the federal government will never again allow such catastrophic failures in emergency planning and response to occur . ”
Ultimately , that is the standard by which Obama has asked to be , and will be , judged .
During his visit , “ Obama can suggest that it ’s self - serving and premature to suggest it is his problem , said Buchanan , who said Obama is doing what a president is supposed to do .
“ You ca n’t simultaneously nail a president for ignoring a problem and then again for jumping in too quick and blaming him for it . ”
The list of the things that need to be fixed with the Rangers would give Santa 's a run for his money .
Except for starting goalkeeping , every aspect of their game needs significant work , and we all have opinions on how to fix them .
So without further adieu , let 's officially kick off the Blueshirt Banter Rangers off - season coverage with our keys for fixing for the Blueshirts :
1. Send Wade Redden to Hartford .
Forever .
Going to start with the obvious here , Wade Redden simply cannot ever take the ice as a member of the New York Rangers again .
He is the biggest disaster in this franchise 's history , and he is only going to get worse .
This franchise cannot and will not progress with a $ 6.5 M albatross taking up a roster spot in NY every night .
Sorry Hartford , we 'll have to owe you one .
2 . If you can't trade him , buyout Michal Rozsival .
Another ridiculous contract , but somewhat more manageable because the Rangers may actually be able to find a trade partner for Rozy , and because Rozy 's contract is shorter and for less money than Redden's .
I know many people do n't like the idea of paying Rozsival for four seasons and getting nothing in return , but according to nhlcapgeek , if the Rangers bought out Rozsival , the numbers would look like this :
SEASON ACTUAL SALARY CAP HIT BUYOUT SAVINGS BUYOUT CAP HIT 2010 - 2011 $ 4,000,000 $ 5,000,000 $ 1,166,667 $ 2,833,333 $ 2,166,667 2011-2012 $ 3,000,000 $ 5,000,000 $ 1,166,667 $ 1,833,333 $ 3,166,667 2012-2013 $ 0 $ 0 $ 1,166,667 $ - 1,166,667 $ 1,166,667 2013-2014 $ 0 $ 0 $ 1,166,667 $ - 1,166,667 $ 1,166,667
The Rangers could survive with those figures .
One year of a bad cap hit wo n't kill them .
3. Crap or get off the Sanguinetti pot : Bobby Sanguinetti seemed to fall out of favor with the coaching staff early in the season , and never recovered .
It 's time to either give him a legitimate chance at being on the roster , or use him as a trade chip while he still has value .
4. Resign Erik Christensen , Brandon Prust , Jody Shelley , Marc Staal and Dan Girardi .
The three forwards listed showed enough to warrant being brought back , Staal is among the top defenseman in the league , and since my plan has the disposal of the two albatross defensemen on the payroll , Girardi should be kept as well .
5. Olli Jokinen was brought here for two reasons : to get Higgins and Kotalik 's salary off the books , and provide some scoring .
One out of two ain't bad in this case , bye - bye Olli .
6. Learn from " The Del Zotto Principle " :
While we as fans were excited to see youth finally served on Broadway , truth be told , Zots probably would have been best served with another year in the OHL .
This is complete hindsight , which of course is always 20 / 20 .
The Rangers need to remain level - headed and not buy their own hype .
We believe there are many strong young players in the pipeline , but if it takes another year of development for them to be ready for Broadway , so be it .
7 . Find a capable backup for Henrik Lundqvist from Day One .
The way the backup goaltending situation was handled this year was inexcusable .
If the Rangers were dissatisfied enough with Stephen Valiquette to banish him to Hartford after five starts , why was their no backup plan for a backup ?
The answer was to ride their thoroughbred until he collapsed , and juggle untested rookies back and forth from Hartford ?
Finally near the end of the season , Alex Auld was signed .
He 's a capable backup , and should probably be brought back if the price is right .
8. Bring back Vinny " Bronze God " Prospal , but only if the price is right .
John Tortorella has been preaching about getting younger , and the Rangers can probably find someone to give them similar production who is ten years younger .
9 . Find a defensemen that can lower the boom in their own zone .
The Rangers have n't had one since Ulf Samuelsson , it might be time to replace him .
A bone - crunching defenseman forces other teams to think twice about getting too close to the Rangers net .
Right now , no one is afraid of the Rangers defense .
10 .
Use the money this plan frees up wisely .
Avoid the Ales Kotalik's of the market , and for the love of Francis , go easy on the No Movement Clauses .
If you can get a couple of second - tier type free agents at a good price , go for it .
Angry relatives of 9/11 victims last night clashed with supporters of a planned mosque near Ground Zero at a raucous community - board hearing in Manhattan .
After four hours of public debate , members of Community Board 1 finally voted 29 - 1 in support of the project .
Nine members abstained , arguing that they wanted to table the issue and vote at a later date .
The board has no official say over whether the estimated $ 100 million mosque and community center gets built .
But the panel ’s support , or lack of it , is considered important in influencing public opinion .
Holding up photos of loved ones killed in the Twin Towers and carrying signs such as , “ Honor 3,000 , 9/11 — No mosque ! ” opponents of the proposed Cordoba House on Park Place called the plan an insult to the terror - attack victims .
“ That is a burial ground , ” said retired FDNY Deputy Chief Al Santora , referring to the fact that victims ’ remains were scattered for blocks .
Santora ’s 23 - year - old son , Christopher , was the youngest firefighter to die that day .
“ I do have a problem with having a mosque on top of the site where [ terrorists ] can gloat about what they did , ” said Santora , with his wife , Maureen , by his side .
About 150 people attended the emotional Greenwich Street meeting , were some shouted down others as they took their turns .
Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , the head of the Cordoba Institute , which is in charge of the project , insisted that the site would help “ bridge the great divide ” between Muslims and the rest of America .
“ We are Americans , we are Muslim Americans , ” Rauf said .
“ Many of us were born in the United States .
We have no higher aspirations than to bring up our children in peace and harmony in this country . ”
But the crowd got ugly when he added , “ Freedom of assembly is the right of all Americans . ”
Amid boos , one woman shouted , “ Not at the World Trade Center ! ”
Rauf ’s wife , Daisy Khan , followed him to the microphone to pitched the planned community facility as “ much needed party space and much needed venue space ” for the area .
She was roundly booed .
Some audience members preached tolerance for the Muslim leaders .
Before the meeting , Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer , a supporter of the mosque , stood in front of the site and said , “ What we ’re rejecting here is outright bigotry and hatred . ”
Catholic priest Kevin Madigan , of St. Peter ’s Church , which is about a block away , agreed .
“ I think they need to establish a place such as this for people of goodwill from mainline Christian , Jewish and Muslim faiths so we can come together to talk , ” Madigan said .
tom.topousis@nypost.com
Nadya Suleman , the 34 - year - old mother of 14 whose delivery of eight babies conceived through in vitro fertilization last year earned her the nickname " Octomom , " has made good on her promise to People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals by unveiling a sign promoting animal birth control in her front yard .
Facing financial difficulties that could have meant eviction from her La Habra home , Suleman agreed in March to place the sign advocating spay and neuter surgeries for dogs and cats in her yard .
Around the same time , she declined an offer from an adult - film production company to appear in a porn movie .
" No porn .
Just Peta .
Nadya prefers animals over men , " her lawyer Jeff Czech wrote by way of an explanation in an e-mail to the Associated Press .
The sign , which measures 3 feet by 4 feet , reads , " Do n't let your dog or cat become an ' octomom . '
Always spay or neuter .
PETA . "
Alongside the text is an image of a cat nursing a litter of young kittens .
In exchange for the advertising placement , Suleman will receive a $ 5,000 payment from PETA and a month 's supply of vegan hot dogs and Boca burgers .
Suleman has said that she typically spends $ 1,000 each month on groceries .
[ email protected ]
La Comisión Permanente del Congreso de la Unión exhortará hoy , durante la sesión , al Banco de México ( Banxico ) para que ordene a las instituciones bancarias disminuir el costo de las comisiones que cobran por el uso de cajeros automáticos a tarjetahabientes de bancos distintos al que expidió el plástico .
Las comisiones que actualmente cobran los bancos por retirar efectivo a quienes ingresan una tarjeta de crédito o débito emitida por otra institución oscila entre 7 y 36 pesos .
Por consulta de saldo en cajeros cobran hasta 15 pesos más IVA .
Los senadores y diputados también aprobaron citar a comparecer el 26 de mayo al subsecretario de Hacienda y Crédito Público , Alejandro Werner , y los titulares de la Sociedad Hipotecaria Federal , Javier Gavito Mohar , y de la Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , Guillermo Babatz , para que expliquen las medidas adoptadas para apoyar a Sofoles y Sofomes .
Los legisladores pedirán al Banco de México ejercer su facultad para regular comisiones y cuotas de intercambio bancario , con base en la Ley para la Transparencia y Ordenamiento de los Servicios Financieros .
“ A pesar de que ha habido un esfuerzo por meter un control en cuanto a las comisiones de las tarjetas , tanto de crédito como de débito , lo cierto es que no hay nada , sigue habiendo una práctica donde cada quien cobra lo que quiere , ¿no ? ” , expuso Agustín Guerrero , secretario de la Tercera Comisión de la Permanente .
La Procuraduría Federal del Consumidor ( Profeco ) , argumentan los legisladores en el punto de acuerdo , dio a conocer que los trabajadores pierden hasta 10 % de su salario en las comisiones que el banco cobra por retirar de manera fragmentada su salario en cajeros automáticos .
En la República Mexicana , hay 58 millones de tarjetas de débito y 25 millones de crédito .
A Demon ’s Twist Rusts = Do n’t Trust Sam Weiss
The Glyphs also spelled WEISS last night .
Interesting to say the least .
Incontinent horndogs and vibrating panties .
Sociopaths passed off as delightfully quirky .
Third and fourth sequels to horror films nobody liked in the first place .
From mainstream messes to intolerable indies , these are the movies that made 2009 that much harder to stomach .
Advertisement
19 . Jennifer ’s Body
The big reason given for Diablo Cody winning the Best Original Screenplay Oscar for Juno was her colorful dialogue , a stylized mix of pop-culture riffing and the made - up adolescent slang of movies like Heathers .
Jennifer ’s
Body suggests another theory entirely :
When unchecked by authentic characters and emotions — like , say , a confused , pregnant teenager trying to do the right thing for herself and her unborn child — those same Cody - isms sound designed to make viewers claw out their eyes .
What might have been a smart , femme - centered horror - comedy along the lines of Buffy The Vampire Slayer ( the TV series ) and Ginger Snaps morphs into a sounding board for Cody ’s latest quips .
But if you ’ve ever wanted to hear “ move on dot org ” used in a sentence , you ’re welcome to it .
Advertisement
18 . The End Of Poverty ?
It would n’t be an A.V. Club “ Worst - Of ” list without at least one heavy - handed leftist documentary , the kind that preaches so stridently to the choir that it dares sympathetic viewers to switch sides .
Narrated by professional lefty Martin Sheen , the film is full of strange , seemingly self - evidently wrong ideas , like the notion that it would cost a mere $ 20 billion to cut global poverty in half .
Wait , what ?
A hodgepodge of bloodless , achingly dull talking heads , indigenous people talking about being exploited by evil , blood - sucking capitalists , and reductive anti-free - market rhetoric , The End Of Poverty ?
serves as a warning that terrible , incompetently made leftist documentaries will outlast the presidency of progressive bête noire George W. Bush .
Advertisement
17 . Underworld : Rise Of The Lycans
Question : How can a film starring Bill Nighy and Michael Sheen — both fully invested in their silly - ass roles — be so terribly bad ?
Answer :
It ’s yet another completely unnecessary take on Romeo & Juliet .
Bonus answer :
It tells a story that was already fully covered in detail in a different Underworld movie , so even the hardest - core of Underworld fans already know the basic beats .
Which means this series installment is just about watching so - so CGI werewolves bounce around amid cheap - looking sets , while people like Nighy and Sheen ham it up amid the increasingly samey blue - black color palette that ’s become de rigueur for the dark - fantasy film genre .
Rise Of The Lycans is n’t just incompetent , it ’d be a frontrunner for any Least Essential Film Of The Year award .
Advertisement
16 . The Final Destination
In a way , The Final Destination is n’t any worse than the three Final Destination movies that preceded it .
The problem is that it ’s putting even more money and special - effects prowess into telling the exact same note - for - note story that was fresh in the first film and has been pointless ever since :
Someone has a vision of impending death and flees the scene , saving a bunch of people , who then die one by one anyway , through a series of increasingly ridiculous , maleficent “ coincidences . ”
The only surprises come from things flying at the audience ’s face in 3 - D , and even those shocks get old fast .
There ’s an ugly slasher - movie mean streak to these films , which are all about watching people getting eviscerated in remarkably grotesque ways .
At first , The Final Destination is enjoyably cartoony , but the filmmakers soon run out of humor and creativity and settle down to long , dull sequences of inanimate objects falling together in the exact right combinations to kill off a bunch of generally uncommitted actors playing uninteresting characters .
So what ?
Advertisement
15 . Alien Trespass
Fun : Low - budget science - fiction movies from the 1950s .
Not fun : Straight - faced apings of same that might work as four - minute YouTube clips , but feel like infinity squared at feature length .
Director R.W. Goodwin , an X - Files vet , and star Eric McCormack both ought to have better things to do than creating the film equivalent of a bad night out seeing campy regional theater , right ?
Advertisement
14 . The Burning Plain
The Burning Plain , the directorial debut from the screenwriter of 21 Grams and Babel , is a serious movie .
How serious ?
It has Charlize Theron without makeup , slashing her arms with rocks and engaging in numbing , desultory sex with random strangers .
It has a Big Tragic Secret that ’s obvious from reel one , but takes 100 excruciating minutes to reveal itself .
It ’s told completely out of order to give the illusion of novelistic profundity .
Whenever you hear Joe Multiplex complain about the insufferable arthouse film of the popular imagination , Guillermo Arriaga ’s movie is exactly the sort of stiff , pretentious , heavily fussed - over movie he has in mind .
( Mitigating factor : A.O. Scott ’s hilarious takedown of it on the new - and - improved At The Movies . )
Advertisement
13 . Confessions Of A Shopaholic
Arriving at the depths of the current recession , Confessions Of A Shopaholic looked desperately out of touch .
But that would n’t have mattered if it were even a little funny .
Star Isla Fisher has an inhuman amount of natural charm , but she ’s given dire material as a spend - happy twit who talks to mannequins when not bumbling her way into success in the magazine industry .
There ’s nothing wrong with frothy escapism , but this one ’s all froth and no escape .
Advertisement
12 . Bride Wars
Anne Hathaway went from the sublime to the ridiculously awful by following her remarkable performance in Rachel Getting Married with the loathsome Bride Wars .
It ’s a laugh - free , ugly , broad comedy about a pair of accomplished best friends who devolve into psychotic enemies when they book the same hotel on the same day for their upcoming nuptials .
Kate Hudson erases fond memories of Almost Famous with a grating turn as a professional barracuda who will do anything to destroy her formerly mild - mannered closest chum .
That ’s women for you : dangle a wedding in front of them that will make them into pretty , pretty princesses for a day , and they instantly turn into screeching she - devils .
Advertisement
11 . I Love You , Beth Cooper
Based on Larry Doyle ’s novel , I Love You , Beth Cooper has a pretty strong premise :
What if the shy high - school valedictorian , in a fit of pique , used his speech to declare his love for the cheerleader he never had the courage to talk to before ?
And when he actually got to know her , would he be able to reconcile the real girl with the impossibly high standards of his fantasy girl ?
It would be perfect for someone like Judd Apatow , who ’s made identifiable awkwardness his stock in trade , but director Chris Columbus ( Home Alone , Stepmom ) seems to have picked up all his insights into adolescence from bad John Hughes films and ’ 80s slobs - vs. - snobs comedies .
It does n’t help that his largely unknown lead actor , Paul Rust , is a 28 - year - old who does n’t look a day over 30 .
The eight - year age difference between Rust and his object of affection , Hayden Panettiere , suggests that if he can’t date her , he could perhaps babysit her .
Advertisement
10 . Downloading Nancy
Maria Bello plays a deeply unhappy woman who escapes her wretched life by cutting and burning herself , and by having creepy sexual encounters with men she meets on the Internet .
Jason Patric plays one of those men : a sadist who agrees to torture and kill Bello .
This is a movie about miserable people wallowing in their misery , but Downloading Nancy is too self - serious to sting .
Its characters are duds , with predictably bleak backstories that fail to flesh out all the scenes of violent degradation .
Downloading Nancy is the worst kind of exploitation film : the kind that does n’t know it ’s an exploitation film , but instead thinks it ’s saying something profound .
Advertisement
[ pagebreak ]
Advertisement
9. Old Dogs
Much worse than a ball - to - the - groin kiddie comedy starring Robin Williams and a delicate - looking John Travolta ought to be , Old Dogs strings together one slapstick situation after another and calls it a plot .
Worse , it cuts the yuks with sticky sentimentality .
Most movies would be too ashamed to use a dog ’s funeral to tug at the heartstrings .
Here , it almost counts as a subtle moment , sandwiched between scenes of Williams as a human puppet and co-star Seth Green being cradled by a gorilla .
Making it extra sad :
It ’s Bernie Mac ’s last movie , the least fortunate swan song since Orson Welles ’ turn in 1986 ’s Transformers : The Movie .
Advertisement
8. Fired Up
Much like I Love You , Beth Cooper , this cheerleading comedy also forgoes the gentle self - deprecation of the Apatow school in favor of retro - ’80s crassness , but in the slobs - vs. - snobs divide , it squarely falls on the side of the snobs .
The spectacularly obnoxious horndogs in Fired Up , played by Nicholas D’Agosto and Eric Christian Olsen , are cool , confident football stars and skirt - chasers , like two proto - Van Wilders joined at the hip .
Their decision to forego athletics in order to attend cheerleading camp — figuring , not unwisely , that the male - to - female ratio will tilt heavily in their favor — leads to a creepily predatory comedy where the boys more or less have the run of the place .
( Only the head cheerleader resists ; the other 299 are open for business . )
The silver lining :
The film ’s box - office failure insured that “ You have to risk it to get the biscuit ” was not the catchphrase on everyone ’s lips in 2009 .
Advertisement
7. The Ugly Truth
Katherine Heigl ’s history of making ill - advised , self - aggrandizing comments in public has made her a figure of scorn , which is too bad , because Heigl actually has a winning screen presence .
But she does n’t make it any easier on herself when she stars in witless , regressive chick - flicks like The Ugly Truth , in which she plays a career woman too fussy to achieve her true purpose in life : landing a man .
Gerard Butler plays the loutish self - help guru who helps
Heigl tap into her inner sex goddess , but nothing about their boy - meets / loses / etc. - girl story has anything to do with how actual grown - ups behave .
Like too many romantic comedies these days , The Ugly Truth is about the irritating quirks and shallow goals of stock characters .
Advertisement
6. All About Steve
Producer Sandra Bullock traded in her America ’s Sweetheart persona for a bizarre , tone - deaf character turn as a deeply disturbed crossword - puzzle constructor ( one habitually clad in lipstick - red hooker boots that make her toes feel “ like 10 friends out on a camping trip ” ) who stalks strapping cameraman Bradley Cooper after an aborted one - night stand .
Bullock plays the kind of grating , delusional , motor - mouthed , excruciatingly awkward lunatic people cross the street to avoid , yet the filmmakers inexplicably expect audiences to find her quirky and delightful .
Advertisement
5. Transformers : Revenge Of The Fallen
Michael Bay ’s botch of The Transformers ( cue Comic Book Guy screeching , “ That adaptation of a toy - based ’ 80s cartoon violated the core principles of the franchise ! ” ) set the bar prohibitively low , yet its even - worse sequel still managed to limbo merrily under it .
Freed from unpacking the exposition endemic to launching a tentpole franchise , director Michael Bay was able to indulge his love of incoherent action pieces , T&A , mindless sexism — most notably in a sexy , scantily clad college co-ed who turns out to be a killer robot — and offensive racial stereotyping in the form of two jive - talking , buck - toothed robots who might as well be named Stepin Fetchitbot and RoboSleep N’Eat .
Oh well , at least it did n’t do so well at the box office that a third installment is inevitable .
Advertisement
4. Paper Heart
Comedian / performance artist / flibbertigibbet Charlene
Yi dithers over whether she ’ll ever experience the emotion we humans call “ love , ” while director Nicholas Jasenovec cuts between scenes of his star interviewing everyday Americans and blatantly staged scenes of her embarking on a new relationship .
From the “ what is love ” premise to the “ what is real ? ” structure , Paper Heart plays like a movie dreamed up by people who were very , very high at the time .
Which would be fine if they were n’t also the kind of people who think of “ love ” in an elementary - school , passing - notes - at - lunch kind of way , and not in a way that has anything to do with commitment , responsibility , sharing , nurturing , and — not incidentally — sex .
When they grow up ( or sober up ) , Yi and Jasenovec ought to find this movie awfully embarrassing .
Advertisement
3. I Hate Valentine ’s Day
In the bizarre vanity project I Hate Valentine ’s Day , writer - director Nia Vardalos plays a woman who adores the giddy infatuation of a new romance , but ca n’t stand the idea of commitment .
So her crazy - eyed flower - shop proprietor subjects the men unfortunate enough to date her to a bizarre series of ground rules .
She ’ll only go on five carefully orchestrated dates , then must say goodbye forever , presumably so she can spend more time with her sassy gay sidekicks , who are quick with quips and advice .
But what happens when she stumbles upon an impossibly perfect man ( My Big Fat Greek Wedding ’s John Corbett ) who angrily demands to be with her forever on account of her being so irresistible ?
Like All About Steve , I Hate Valentine ’s
Day tries to pass off mental illness as an adorable eccentricity .
Instead , this cinematic equivalent of a particularly dire Cathy cartoon is so nonsensically convoluted and narcissistic that it almost plays like a parody of high - concept romantic comedies .
Advertisement
2. Gigantic
The seeming product of a game of indie - movie - themed Mad Libs , Gigantic casts Paul Dano as a mattress salesman who wants to fulfill a lifelong dream of adopting a Chinese baby , when he is n’t being attacked at random by Zach Galifianakis .
Zooey Deschanel plays his love interest , the dourest Manic Pixie Dream Girl ever committed to film .
Both appear too disaffected to get out of bed in the morning , much less fall in love , which may be why director Matt Aselton crowds the margins with characters played by John Goodman , Ed Asner , and others who look like they ’ve wandered in from Little Miss Sunshine ’s deleted scenes .
Anyone who ’s wanted to see Asner tripping on mushrooms should seek it out immediately .
All others are advised to steer clear .
Advertisement
1. Miss March
When a hip - hop impresario named “ Horsedick .
MPEG ” is by far the funniest thing your movie has going for it , you have not made a very funny comedy .
The directorial debut of Zach Cregger and Trevor Moore , two members of the sketch - comedy troupe The Whitest Kids U’Know , has one of the dumber high - concept hooks in recent memory : A virginal teen ( Cregger ) gets knocked out moments before getting laid , then wakes up years later to discover his girlfriend is a Playboy centerfold whose bedpost has more notches than Wilt Chamberlain’s .
But before this blue - balled Rip Van Winkle and his noxious , Spuds McKenzie - like party - animal buddy ( Moore ) can embark on a cross-country journey to find ( and cane ? ) her , his atrophied body has to recover .
And you know what that means ?
He ca n’t control his bladder !
Running incontinence jokes set the lowbrow standard , but Miss March goes further by chasing its tastelessness with an equally potent swig of good old - fashioned sexism .
A scene involving a stripper pole , oral sex , epilepsy , strobe lights , and a fork need n’t be seen to be believed .
Advertisement
Bonus stinker : The Spirit
Technically , Frank Miller ’s laughably leaden film adaptation of Will Eisner ’s groundbreaking superhero comic was released in 2008 , but since it came out on December 24 , long after deadline for our 2008 film pieces , it did n’t make the Worst Of 2008 list .
Which is a pity , because it assuredly ranks among them .
Essentially a clumsy attempt to ape Sin City — a stylish adaptation of Miller ’s own comic , co-directed with Robert Rodriguez — The Spirit is n’t anywhere near as close to the content or tone of its source material as Sin City was , and it looks a lot cheaper .
The alternately hammy and robotic acting and dreadful script do n’t help .
It ’s pretty clear what Miller had on his mind throughout , much as it ’s been clear from his comics over at least the last decade : babes with exaggerated anatomy and fetish - model wardrobes .
The whole thing is essentially one clumsy masturbatory fantasy , and while that kind of thing has its place , watching Miller draw it out of Eisner ’s beloved Boy Scout comic is way too much like watching someone with no sense of narrative or dramatic timing scrawl out sex - heavy fan fiction about their favorite children ’s book .
It ’s so bad that we still remember the pain more than a year later , so technically , it counts as one of the cinematic strikes against 2009 .
Tweet
Here ’s a letter to the New York Times :
David Brooks correctly argues that the Scottish Enlightenment , more so than the French Enlightenment , provides a deep understanding of the nature of society ( “ Two Theories of Change , ” May 25 ) .
He ’s correct also to identify David Hume and Adam Smith as being among the greatest leaders of the Scottish Enlightenment .
But the most descriptive phrase that captures the wisdom of these 18th - century Scots comes from a lesser known , but nevertheless important , founder of this Scottish intellectual tradition : Adam Ferguson ( 1723-1816 ) .
Ferguson described civilization – including each component part , such as language , law , and the economy – as being “ the result of human action , but not the execution of any human design . ” *
Failure to understand not only that undesigned social orders are real , but also that these undesigned orders are superior to any arrangements that could be consciously designed and engineered , is perhaps the greatest source of tyranny and disorder of the past 200 years .
Sincerely ,
Donald J. Boudreaux
Rumours of a ban on England flags and shirts have been circulating
A police force has described Facebook rumours of a pub ban on England flags during the World Cup as " nonsense " .
The force also moved to quash an " urban myth " claiming pub landlords had been asked not to serve anyone wearing England football shirts .
The rumours started after the Metropolitan Police issued advice to pubs in Croydon suggesting " dress code restrictions - eg , no football shirts " .
The advice sparked newspaper stories , and Facebook protest groups .
It is nonsense .
Police officers are football fans too
Insp Howard Lewis- Jones
Insp Howard Lewis - Jones , of West Midlands Police , said there had been no directive stating that pubs should not bear flags .
He said : " It is nonsense .
Police officers are football fans too and patriotism should be an important part of enjoying the tournament in a fun and friendly atmosphere as long as people are sensible . "
The Metropolitan Police says the advice , issued in March , was never meant to be seen as a ban on England flags or shirts .
A spokesman said : " This letter contains a series of suggestions to make pubs safer for everyone .
" However , licensees are not obliged to follow our advice and there is no policy to stop the wearing of England shirts . "
This is Thomas Salme , a maintenance engineer who became a Boeing 737 pilot by flying a few nights in a flight simulator and printing a fake airliner pilot license .
Amazingly enough , he flew passengers for thirteen years without any incidents .
Advertisement
Thirteen years of back and forth from Sweden to everywhere else in Europe .
Nobody noticed until a couple of months ago , when Salme was caught by the police as he was getting ready for take off .
He was in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 , with 101 passengers at Amsterdam 's Schipol airport .
He admits that it was all a crazy idea :
I got the crackpot idea to apply as a co-pilot at a real airline so I made myself a Swedish flying permit with a logo out of regular white paper .
It was n't laminated , and looked like something I 'd made at home .
It was surprisingly easy .
The documents look different everywhere in Europe .
An Italian airline does n't know what a Swedish licence looks like .
And you can forge all the IDs you need .
I 'd train there for two or three hours at a time — at least 15 to 20 times over one and a half years .
Advertisement
Despite putting the lives of thousands at risk , Salme only got fined a couple thousand dollars and was banned from flying for a year .
Thinking twice about it , it 's kind of reasonable .
Despite being crazy enough to pull such a stunt , it 's not entirely his fault .
After all , how can a company and the flight agencies involved be so absolutely inept ?
How can they accept a simple printout and put a random guy in the cockpit of a passenger plane without running any background checks ?
A simple computer search would have probably turned out enough information to stop this from the beginning .
I can imagine Frank Abagnale Jr. pulling this stunt in the 60s , but now ?
There are no excuses .
If anyone needs to be nailed , that 's the useless authorities that make us follow all kinds of stupid security procedures to get into an airplane , but can miserably fail to check the identity and qualification of the pilots flying the plane .
[ Focus ]
Bill Brodhagen
As you can see from the calendar , the game is coming up this weekend .
I 'm sure you are as excited for it as I am , as our cities are rivals and have been for quite some time .
Your confidence in your team is high , but rest assured , you will suffer humiliation when the sports team from my area defeats the sports team from your area .
Advertisement
On numerous occasions , you have expressed the conviction that your area 's sports team will be victorious .
I must admit that every time I hear you make this proclamation , I react with both laughter and disbelief .
" Ha ! " I say to myself with laughter .
" What ? ! "
I say to myself in disbelief .
How could you believe that your sports team could beat my sports team ?
It is clear that yours is inferior in every way .
When the sporting contest begins , the players on your team will be treated as though they are inconsequential .
It will be remarkably easy for my team to accumulate more points than yours .
There are many reasons for this , starting with the inferior physical attributes of the players representing your area .
Strength , speed , and agility are just three of the qualities that the players on the team from your area lack .
The players representing my area , on the other hand , have these traits in abundance .
Advertisement
I would not be a bit surprised if the individuals on the team from your area were sexually attracted to members of their own gender .
That is how ineffective they are on the field of battle .
Underscoring your team 's inferiority is its choice of colors .
It is ludicrous to believe that your team 's colors inspire either respect or fear .
Instead , they appear to have been chosen by someone who is colorblind or , perhaps , bereft of sight altogether .
The colors for my team , on the other hand , are aesthetically pleasing when placed in proximity to one another .
They are a superior color combination in every way .
Advertisement
While we are on the subject of aesthetics , let us compare the respective facilities in which our teams play .
While my team 's edifice is blessed with architectural splendor and the most modern of amenities , yours is a thoroughly unpleasant place in which to watch a sporting contest .
I know of what I speak , for I once attended a game between our respective teams in your facility .
Let 's just say the experience left me wishing that my car was inoperable that day due to mechanical problems , rendering it impossible for me to get to your area to attend the game .
If you need another reason why the sporting franchise representing my area is superior , look no further than the supporters for the two sides .
Not only are the supporters of the team from my region more spirited , but they are also more intelligent and of finer breeding than you and the rest of your ilk .
In addition , the female supporters of the team from my area possess more attractive countenances and figures than yours .
Some of the women from my side that I have observed could make a living by posing for pictures for major men's magazines .
The women who cheer for your team , I 'm afraid , are far too unattractive to do so .
Advertisement
One of the more pathetic aspects of the team from your area is the fact that only people in your immediate area possess an affinity for it .
By means of contrast , the team from my area inspires loyalty and affection in individuals who live in many other geographic locations .
To illustrate this point , let me tell a brief story : Recently , I was on vacation in an area of the country far away from my own , and I saw many individuals wearing items of clothing that bore the insignia of my team .
I approached one such individual and asked him if he originated from my area .
He said no , explaining that he simply liked the team from my area and had for many years .
Interestingly enough , during this trip , I saw no clothing or other paraphernalia bearing the insignia of your team .
Advertisement
Do you still doubt that the team from your area is inferior to the one from mine ?
Just look at our teams ' respective histories .
In the past , we have defeated you on any number of occasions .
Granted , there were times when your team beat my team , but those were lucky flukes .
The day of the game will soon be at hand .
And no matter how hard you pray to a higher power or how many foam accoutrements you wear in support of the team from your area , your team will be defeated .
We will win and you will lose .
This is your fate .
Advertisement
Prepare for humiliation .
It shall be upon you at the designated hour .
The Mexicans limber up for Italy in impressive style .
Visit
Goal.comVisit Goal.com 's Mexico page for more coverage of the Mexican national team .
Mexico recovered from two successive friendly defeats to register a formidable five goal haul against Gambia in Bayreuth , Germany .
Following on from losses against England and the Netherlands , Javier Aguirre 's team made short work of the Gambians , winning convincingly thanks largely to contributions from the Chivas contingent .
A brace each from Javier Hernandez and Adolfo Bautista , as well as a late strike from Alberto Medina , secured the win .
The Manchester United - bound forward , Hernandez , put his side into a 1 - 0 lead on the 18 minute mark .
Mexico had to wait until after the break for another breakthrough though .
The goal came again through ' Chicharito ' , in the 50th minute , and it was followed quickly by Bautista 's first .
Gambia responded and pulled one back through Bohna on 65 minutes but it did not take Mexico long to add further to their tally .
With 15 minutes to play ' Bofo ' struck again before Medina rounded off the scoring nine minutes from time .
El Tri have been drawn alongside South Africa , France and Uruguay in Group A of the World Cup and face the hosts on June 11 .
Before that is a friendly against 2006 winners , Italy , next Friday .
( Newser ) – The scope of the Gulf oil spill is far from clear , but the finger - pointing is already under way , and a lot of fingers ought to be aiming at Dick Cheney , Alex Pareene blogs for Salon .
Connecting the dots that begin with a Wall Street Journal exposé , we learn that Cheney 's highly classified energy task force was responsible for the fact " that the oil well did n't have a remote - control shut - off switch , " Pareene writes , " a thing that it seems every single offshore drilling rig should have . "
" The former Dark Lord of the Naval Observatory " is no rookie at covering his tracks , but the follow - up argument is a no- brainer : " Halliburton is involved , too !
The Los Angeles Times reports that BP contracted Dick Cheney 's old company to cement the deepwater drill hole . "
In short , Pareene writes , " Thanks , Dick .
Nice work . "
( Read more Dick Cheney stories . )
Yesterday morning I was in despair .
In the morning paper I had read about a new health curriculum that was to be introduced to the public schools here in Ontario .
Beginning next school year , students were to receive a thorough indoctrination in sex education .
And as you probably know , my wife and I have chosen to enroll our kids in public schools .
We were despairing , wondering how we would deal with this new reality .
Would this be the last straw , the situation that would force us to consider alternatives ?
Would this be a one - day program for which we could easily withdraw our children from school ?
Or would it be something they would be taught over the course of the entire year ?
Questions abounded ; answers were few .
Sponsor Show Your Support Become a Patron
The current health curriculum in Ontario was put into place twelve years ago , I believe , and to this point ( my oldest child is in fourth grade ) has proven entirely unremarkable .
As Christian parents whose children are in public schools , this is the one area we watch out for more than any other –the one area where we feel most protective of our children .
We want our children to know what is right and what is wrong when it comes to sexuality , but we want them to know at a proper time and in a proper way .
Currently by fourth grade the most a child will have learned at school is very rudimentary knowledge of what constitutes sexual abuse and how to respond should he or she experience it ( i.e. tell your mom and dad ) .
All that was to change with the new curriculum .
Under this new agenda children in third grade were to learn about gender identity ( your identity may be different than your physical gender , it seems ) and they were to learn that criticizing homosexuality was no different than discriminating against those with physical disabilities .
They were to learn that many children have two mommies or two daddies and that they should use inclusive language such as “ partner ” rather than “ husband ” or “ wife ” in order not to exclude anybody .
By sixth grade children were to be taught that masturbation is normal and a good way of exploring the body .
By seventh grade they would be taught that they need to talk to their sexual partners about good boundaries and they were to learn that abstinence may mean different things to different people –for some it may mean excluding all sexual activity while for others it might exclude vaginal intercourse but include anal intercourse .
All this was to be taught to children in seventh grade and younger .
As I said , I was in despair .
We love the school our children go to and love the children of that school .
We respect the teachers and have seen that they labor to provide the children with a good education .
Aileen and I have been thoughtful and prayerful in placing our children in this school and in leaving them there .
Every year we evaluate and every year ( so far ) we ’ve had a clear conscience in allowing them to continue .
But we did not know if we could say the same with such a program in place .
This new curriculum was silently posted online in January .
It was not until a few days ago that a Christian organization found it and introduced it to the media .
It really only hit the papers yesterday and the day before .
Skeptical Canadian that I am , I expected no government response and certainly no backing down .
But , like the government , I underestimated the response .
It was not only Christians who were outraged ; the Catholic school boards protested , daring the government to force them to teach it ; Muslim groups protested , saying that the government has no right to teach such things to their children ; even teachers wanted nothing to do with it –their job is difficult enough without having to teach deviant sexual behavior ( a friend who is a primary school teacher suggested that most teachers would n’t teach it even if it was part of the curriculum ) .
And just like that , the government backed down .
The curriculum has been scrapped , at least for next year , while it undergoes a thorough re-evaluation .
The government has learned a harsh lesson–Ontario is perhaps a bit more conservative than they might have guessed .
When they next seek to update this curriculum , they will do so without hiding it and with the cooperation of the public .
Aileen and I are rejoicing in this .
As I read of this small triumph , I thought of Abraham interceding for the city of Sodom ( Genesis 18 ) .
For the sake of his people within the city , God relented from the disaster he was going to bring upon them .
Certainly Ontario is deserving of this kind of a curriculum , one that will draw hearts farther and farther from the One who created them .
This nation , this province , is living on borrowed grace , practically begging God for punishment .
And yet here God has extended his mercy , at least for another day and another year .
For a day it seemed like God had abandoned the public schools in my province .
But that despair has turned to hope and , better still , to praise .
94 Comments
limetree on Jan. 19 , 2010 at 09:01:53
Artist i like dinosaurs !
you can check out a larger image of the design in my blog .
evan3 on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 11:58:25 Alumni print
nathanwpyle1982 on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 11:59:43
Alumni love this - prefer the left option !
YaaH on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:02:39 Alumni wow .
I like the pink one ;D
randyotter3000 on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:05:13
Alumni this has to print
Bisparulz on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:07:04 Alumni Yes !
So cool .
5 $
bengineer on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:09:16 Alumni hahaha !
awesome :)
yeohgh on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:09:19 Alumni so cuteee and sure print !!!!!
sweet n sour on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:11:07 Alumni ace !
isawa on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:22:14 haha very good !
apn306 on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:23:47 Cute :-) great kids print !
alexmdc on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 12:28:29 Alumni oh man thats great !
ben chen on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 13:13:16 Alumni cute
olie ! on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 13:45:03 Alumni
Print this now .
Skap 1er on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 13:51:23 haha !
aw , poor brachio
dacat on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 14:23:25 Alumni Super kids shirt $ 5
pickupRINGO on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 16:50:27 my son would love that !!
soloyo on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 17:01:00 Alumni Kids Print !!!!!!5$
yetitutu on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 17:25:10 like the blue one !
nielquisaba on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 17:33:15 Alumni 5 $
Tikimasters on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 17:52:13 Alumni Haha nice
wyndeLLe on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 20:07:42 great !!!
celandinestern on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 20:37:25 Alumni love your stegosaur !!!
he 's my favorite dinosaur anyways :D
aled on Jan. 20 , 2010 at 20:44:10 Alumni Hahaha !
Oh , man .
So good .
Has to be the big print on pink .
5 $
derekrigby on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 00:55:22 poor brachi .
I love it !
HorsefaceDee on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 00:58:01 Alumni adorable !
wotto on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 09:14:06 Alumni so so so so good
a_sticka89 on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 12:17:35 yay ! : )
LedPizza on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 12:22:06 Such a $ 5 , Love This
B 7 on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 12:23:15 Alumni Impossibly adorable and hilariously violent at once .
A perfect combo$5
nickv47 on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 13:29:24
Alumni lol , this is great .
myteemo on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 14:12:52 Alumni Cute overload !
murraymullet on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 14:23:35 Alumni
This is fantastic !
Automatic print ! $ 5
limetree on Jan. 21 , 2010 at 17:24:33
Artist thank you for all your kind comments !
ndstillie on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 02:09:04 Alumni lol !
5 $
jess4002 on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 07:15:15 Alumni 5 $
ntopp on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 09:27:08 Maximum delight !
5 for you , friend !
matuska on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 10:21:14 i love the pink one !
mizuchaud on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 15:55:40 yes , left version .
5
Blackflower on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 19:32:51
I 'd wear it !
lawrence loh on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 21:56:04 Alumni super cute !
igo2cairo on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 22:41:18 Alumni
This is awesome ! $ 5
phones on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 23:10:42 big and vertical please ! $ 5
agrimony on Jan. 22 , 2010 at 23:13:05 Alumni left option definitely left option
Ian - S on Jan. 23 , 2010 at 01:31:37 Alumni I love it .
Awesome tee .
atomicchild on Jan. 23 , 2010 at 12:36:06 that will print
kennybanzai on Jan. 23 , 2010 at 21:23:54 Alumni
This is a sweeeetie
ladyV on Jan. 23 , 2010 at 21:28:35
I like the vertical placement ( as shown on left shirt ) better , but I 'd prefer a bit smaller print than that .
It 's a cute design and in my opinion a smaller scaling would complement it better .
joshamman on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 04:46:52 fantastic !
tolagunestro on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 05:54:58 Alumni huuaua awesome !
limetree on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 08:59:44
Artist thanks , guys ! :D
brentendo on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 09:03:39 very nice as a kids ' tee !
alvarejo on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 09:04:59 Alumni hilarious
SuperRyan on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 13:32:36
Alumni very cute with excellent style !
I like the 2 x 4 placement .
SuperRyan on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 13:33:19 Alumni * 2 rows placement I meant
FRICKINAWESOME on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 16:42:04
Alumni hahaha , wish it said know your dinosaurs on the top to add to the textbook kids happy - times kind of vibe , but i love the idea that you get lulled into the dino photos and then the ending has a deadly surprise !
Nice work .
limetree on Jan. 24 , 2010 at 18:26:55
Artist
I thought about including the " know your dinosaurs " part , but I know a lot of people on here dislike unnecessary text .
BubuSam on Jan. 25 , 2010 at 01:26:49 Alumni
Fun design !
Like it
jeupereira on Jan. 25 , 2010 at 03:07:25 quite nice !! lovely character design and a nice pun too !
the vertical composition works great for me !
limetree on Jan. 25 , 2010 at 11:57:59
Artist thank you
limetree on Jan. 25 , 2010 at 14:29:30
Artist haha ... close enough , caronm !
though it does n't actually say ' dinosaur ' on the printed shirt , if it makes you feel any better .
i did n't know that though , thank you for sharing . :)
LeFrenchyFrench on Jan. 25 , 2010 at 23:23:26 phew !
i voted just in time :D
polynothing on Jan. 26 , 2010 at 10:08:13 Alumni $ 5 this is fantastic !
limetree on Jan. 26 , 2010 at 10:46:49
Artist thank you ! :D
kellybellybell on Jan. 26 , 2010 at 15:45:56
If this prints , I 'm buying one for my sister .
beOrangeDesign on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 05:11:03
It should say know your dinosaurs on the shirt !
I love the t-rex soo good !
limetree on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 12:09:08 Artist 3.85 ?!
omg ... thanks guys .
O_O
brentendo on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 13:28:20 wow !
amazing score !
definitely a print haha
murraymullet on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 13:41:22 Alumni AMAZING SCORE !!!
CONGRATS !!
PRINT !!!!
rbthatcher on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 13:43:32 Alumni
I get it ... but I do n't 3.85 get it .
CONGRATS THOUGH !
evan3 on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 14:13:11
Alumni i agree with rbthatcher a lot of votes also
limetree on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 14:34:39
Artist thanks , everyone .
i was n't expecting such a high score either .
o_O
Ivantobealone on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 14:37:33 Alumni Congrats !
You now have the number one scoring design of 2010 !
limetree on Jan. 27 , 2010 at 15:02:44
Artist i think i am in shock , a little bit .
dacat on Jan. 28 , 2010 at 09:47:36 Alumni
Do n't be in shock , this would be a super hot seller !
Congrats !
ntopp on Jan. 28 , 2010 at 09:51:43 Congratulations !
I was pretty confident this was getting printed .
The 3.85 does n't surprise me at all .
I 'm very happy for you .
bengineer on Jan. 28 , 2010 at 10:01:28 Alumni wow , congrats , what a great score !
honestly would n't have expected that for such a simple design ( no offence at all ) .
but obviously the concept is awesome :)
limetree on Jan. 28 , 2010 at 11:41:27 Artist
Thanks , guys ! :)
agrimony on Jan. 30 , 2010 at 17:29:56 Alumni wow thats insane !
Tricksleeves on Jan. 31 , 2010 at 19:31:39
Holy crap .
If you want Threadless ' money , make cute designs .
Look at that score .
Andreas Mohacsy on Feb. 1 , 2010 at 22:19:29 Alumni awesome - great colours to
Pakpandir on Feb. 2 , 2010 at 08:47:41 Alumni wooooww !!!!
HUUGEE SCOREW !
Kookaberry on Feb. 2 , 2010 at 14:38:16 Alumni
This will sell out like a million times over
staffell on Feb. 3 , 2010 at 11:21:14 Alumni wat
nookington on Feb. 12 , 2010 at 17:19:34
I wanna wear it already !
queenmob on Feb. 19 , 2010 at 07:42:05 Alumni
This will get printed so hard !!!
biotwist on Feb. 26 , 2010 at 11:29:42
Alumni there is no way this wo n't print
isawa on March 8 , 2010 at 18:00:18
Great score print for adults and kids !
briancook on March 12 , 2010 at 12:24:58 Alumni Congrats on the score !
Hope the full front prints !
DianaSprinkle on March 19 , 2010 at 05:05:21
I like the smaller version on the shirt .
mgill52 on April 5 , 2010 at 14:50:46
I knew this would print because of the inclusion of ankylosaurus . :D
jess4002 on April 5 , 2010 at 15:31:46 Alumni congrats !
limetree on April 6 , 2010 at 11:33:16
Artist thanks , everyone . :)
wytrab8 on April 6 , 2010 at 15:51:43 Alumni congrats !
love the colors and idea :)
matuska on April 9 , 2010 at 15:54:07 wow this has a great score !!
print , print !
soloyo on April 23 , 2010 at 10:06:57 Alumni Yes , Congrats !!!!
vancakes on April 26 , 2010 at 05:38:20 O_O !
I NEED THIS SHIRT !
IT 'S JUST SO FREAKING CUTE !
ibyes on April 26 , 2010 at 05:45:55 Alumni Congrats , I remember this one from the crits , great job !
NiNTH WHEEL on April 26 , 2010 at 07:36:16 Alumni Congrats !!
limetree on April 26 , 2010 at 07:58:52
Artist thank you !! :)
mangobajito on April 26 , 2010 at 10:43:06 Alumni congrats !!
great simple design ! :)
jess.smart.smiley on May 11 , 2010 at 06:15:41
I love , love , LOVE this shirt !
chasingxsafety_ on June 21 , 2010 at 04:11:48
I think this would 've been 100 x better a couple years back when all the scenesters used to fap all over " rawr " and dinosaurs , but it would still probably be sold .
Would be an awesome kid's tee for sure !
biotwist on June 21 , 2010 at 04:24:26 Alumni
I know i need this reprinted
ICallDibs on Sept. 12 , 2010 at 17:56:46 ^
^Because clearly , the fact that it is not a dinosaur ruins this shirt and all its hilarity .
Glenn Beck has a dream … but apparently it ’s not a very original one .
The controversial Fox News host is orchestrating a rally in Washington DC on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. ’s speech at the Lincoln Memorial .
Beck has tried to associate himself with the martyred historical religious leader but Comedy Central ’s Stephen Colbert finds that Beck just does n’t make it to the mountaintop .
ADVERTISEMENT
On August 28 , 1963 , King delivered his “ I Have a Dream ” speech to a crowd of 200,000 at the Lincoln Memorial .
47 years later on the same day , Glenn Beck is planning a rally at the same location .
Beck writes :
On August 28 , 2010 , I ask you , your family and neighbors to join me at the feet of Abraham Lincoln on the National Mall for the unveiling of The Plan and the birthday of a new national movement to restore our great country .
“ The Plan ” has been entrusted to Beck by God himself .
Beck recently told his audience about a conversation he had with his co-host , Pat Gray .
“ I said , ‘ I can feel it coming , ” Beck began .
“ It ’s darkness , and I can just feel it coming . ’
And I al– I started to say — I said , ‘ The problem is , is that –‘ and I stopped , because I do n’t want to utter something like this without really thinking it through .
But I was about to say , ‘ the problem is , is that God is giving a plan , I think , to me that is not really a plan . ' ”
Beck later explained how even the Vatican was behind his “ Plan . ” “ I was in the Vatican , and I was surpriseed the individual I was speaking to even knew who I was and they said , “ Of course we know who you are .
What you ’re doing is wildly important , ” said Beck .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Stephen Colbert sees a problem with Beck ’s intentions .
“ Glenn has this wildly important Vatican approved 100 - year plan for America , but who is going to follow a guy who describes himself as a rodeo clown ? ” asked Colbert .
“ I assume because both Glenn and a rodeo clown are so comfortable working with shit , ” joked Colbert .
Colbert just can’t believe that Beck would purposely reveal his plan on the anniversary of King ’s speech and at the very location .
“ You know what , that has got to be a mistake .
I just ca n’t believe Glenn has made that connection , ” Colbert remarked .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Beck has made a connection between himself and King .
The conservative radio and TV host has repeatedly said “ I have a dream ” on his Fox News show .
“ I have a dream white and black children can play together , live together , ” Beck said on April 21 , 2009 .
“ Holy shit ! ” exclaimed Colbert .
“ Can a self - described entertainer really go from rodeo clown to Martin Luther King by August 28th ? ” he wondered .
ADVERTISEMENT
To test Beck ’s ability to become like MLK Jr. , Colbert introduced a game show - styled backdrop .
Beck had to travel from rodeo clown at the bottom of the mountain to King at the top of the mountain .
Every time Beck makes a King - like statement , Beck travels up the mountain .
On his April 21 , 2009 show , Beck invoked King .
“ Martin Luther King , he then made everybody who marched with him take a pledge .
Meditate daily on the teachings and the life of Jesus .
I have n’t seen Jesus and what he would do on a talk show on Fox but I ’m going to try , ” announced Beck .
At that , Beck ’s character began to ascend the mountain .
“ This is going to be a quick hike , ” noted Colbert .
ADVERTISEMENT
But another comment cost Beck all of that progress .
“ This president has exposed himself as a guy over and over and over again who has a deep - seated hatred for white people , ” Beck said on a July 28 , 2009 episode of Fox & Friends .
The Beck character on Colbert ’s game show board fell quickly back the the “ rodeo clown ” position .
“ Well , do n’t worry , Glenn , you still have all summer to get there , ” Colbert concluded .
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Colbert Report , broadcast May 11 , 2010 .
Participants at the Stewards ' Assembly .
Photo by John Maclennan .
By Herman Rosenfeld
March 2010 -- Relay ( Socialist Project ) --
In the context of an economic crisis where working people in Ontario , Canada , have suffered major setbacks , organised labour ’s response has so far been disappointing .
Apart from a few public sector strikes forced by employer concession demands , some longer - term strikes against concessions ( such as the Vale - Inco struggle ) , a number of workplace occupations demanding severance pay and a few demonstrations calling for pension protection and Employment Insurance ( EI ) changes , there has been little resistance .
This has forced activists in the trade union movement , and the left more widely , to confront the limits of our present organisational situation , and to begin to look for new ways to move forward .
It is clear now that this cannot be avoided : rather than dislodging neoliberalism , the financial crisis appears now to be allowing neoliberalism to gain new momentum in efforts to restructure the public sector .
Indeed , there appears new momentum for wage and contract concessions in the private sector and for rollbacks in the public sector .
These struggles and the impasse in union responses have sparked two important new initiatives to build union and working - class capacities to fight back .
One has come from the Toronto and York Region Labour Council ( TYRLC ) mobilising formal union structures , and the other comes from a new alliance of community organisations , socialists and labour activists in the form of a workers ’ assembly .
The Stewards ’ Assembly and after
The May 7 , 2009 , coming together of more than 1600 stewards , workplace representatives , staff and other union reps in Toronto around the necessity of fighting against attacks by employers and governments was an unprecedented and impressive exception that brought some hope for forward motion .
It was organised by the Toronto Labour Council led by its president John Cartwright .
The meeting brought together a mix of workplace representatives from public and private sector unions from across all of the different factions within the labour movement .
It was the first such meeting in living memory and was the result of an impressive organising effort .
This was the latest in a series of projects by the Cartwright leadership of the Toronto and York Region Labour Council .
Previous efforts included the electoral project to tilt the balance of the Toronto Board of Education in favour of those who wanted to challenge the Conservative Party provincial government ; a movement to raise the minimum wage – and engage different communities as well as unions in the process ; fighting against water privatisation ; arguing for local sourcing rules for the city government ; the more recent Good Jobs Coalition project and the ongoing support of labour struggles .
The meeting aimed , as Cartwright noted , to “ reach deeply down into the labour movement and engage the true front - line activists that are our stewards ” .
It ’s important to note that rank and file leaders are n’t necessarily politically engaged .
Efforts to involve them in larger struggles are extremely difficult but absolutely essential to building a response to the crisis .
As an introduction to the crisis and the necessity of fighting back , this meeting was very important .
While most of those who attended the meeting felt extremely good about the experience ( including me ) , the jury is still out on whether or not the assembly will actually contribute to developing the mobilisational capacity of the union movement , stimulating a larger movement to resist attacks by business and governments , building support for the current round of public sector struggles and challenging the ideological assault being waged against the rights of unions and working people .
The actual assembly covered a number of areas : a presentation on the origins and causes of the crisis ; a series of testimonials from the floor by participants from different key union struggles in Toronto over the past few years , and from individuals victimised by outsourcing , workplace closures , racism and concession demands ; speeches by Canadian Labour Congress ( CLC ) President Ken Georgetti , John Cartwright , Winnie Ng ( a leader in the Good Jobs Coalition ) among others ; a short period set aside for small group discussions ; speeches by leaders of major union affiliates pledging their collective resistance to the crisis measure of governments and employers ; and a “ surprise ” visit by Toronto ’s mayor , David Miller .
The assembly came away with a commitment to build support for Employment Insurance reforms and pensions associated with the CLC campaigns .
It ended with a request that the stewards go back to their workplaces , circulate and discuss the EI petition and mobilise for upcoming political actions demanding reforms .
What did it accomplish ?
Walking out of the session , participants could not help but feel good about the potential there and hoped that it would be the beginning of an ongoing movement .
But events that unfolded since the assembly raise a number of further issues and questions .
There were a few limitations to the meeting :
Rather than being an actual assembly , with open discussion , debate and space for the stewards to initiate points and ideas , it felt more like a process of conveying information .
In order to encourage the creation of an ongoing stewards ’ movement , a living , more participatory process is necessary .
Rather than being an actual assembly , with open discussion , debate and space for the stewards to initiate points and ideas , it felt more like a process of conveying information .
In order to encourage the creation of an ongoing stewards ’ movement , a living , more participatory process is necessary .
The close ties to Mayor Miller , and the constant references to New Democratic Party ( NDP ) politicians , showed that the politics of the assembly was confined within the “ legitimate ” institutional parameters of the labour movement .
While some NDP politicians did play a positive role in the minimum wage campaign , the party as a whole has notably failed to lead on even such basic campaigns as EI reform and has been absent from any discussions on alternatives during the crisis .
Miller ’s address to the assembly reflected the wide “ popular front ” like platform that has dominated labour politics in Toronto in the current period .
This alliance has meant a modest political program that rests on lower business taxes and cooperation between labour and private investors .
There was little mention of any vision of a different way of creating jobs and shaping investment , or the need for a political movement that might articulate such a vision .
Even the critique of the financial sector was limited to complaints about speculation and excess profits – rather than a real explanation about the way finance affects jobs , investment and communities .
We need to avoid one - dimensional populism that poses the problem as being “ monopolies or financial speculators against the people ” , pulling the movement into an alliance with industrial capitalists .
The problem with that type of approach is all too evident in the auto sector .
There was no mention of demands to control and shape investment through reforms such as nationalising the banks .
The success of the Stewards ’
Assembly raises another set of questions :
If the Toronto Labour Council was able to organise the Stewards ’
Assembly , is this happening in other cities across Canada ?
If not , why is n’t it ?
If the Toronto Labour Council was able to organise the Stewards ’
Assembly , is this happening in other cities across Canada ?
If not , why is n’t it ?
The CLC campaign remains tied to uninspired and relatively ineffective forms of action .
Since the assembly in May , there has been one demonstration in Toronto demanding action on Employment Insurance reform and pension protection .
The turnout was disappointing and was n’t followed up ( or proceeded ) by more militant actions , such as occupations of EI offices .
Where will this campaign go ?
Will there be any follow - up with this first effort to bring stewards together from across the city or was this a one - off activity ?
If there are plans to do it again and build on this initial assembly , what forms might that take ?
( As of this writing , the TYRLC has announced a planned stewards ’ assembly for public sector unionists for April 2010 ) .
Will there be efforts to build networks of resistance and solidarity between groups of stewards across the city ?
Are there plans to produce materials to help stewards explain the crisis to their co-workers and argue for new forms of collective resistance , led by stewards within workplaces ?
Are there plans to discuss ways of uniting workplace representatives with workers in communities and those not unionised who are also looking for ways to extend and deepen their struggles ?
The Toronto Labour Council has taken the lead in a number of areas over the past few years .
Once again , in the current context , the Stewards ’
Assembly can represent an important counterweight to the defensiveness of Ontario ’s labour movement .
But the Toronto Labour Council operates within the constraints of the official union structures , limited to a certain extent by the conservatism of the leadership of the affiliates and the political and economic structures of the city – even as it works to stretch the boundaries of those limitations .
Meetings like the Stewards ’
Assembly have the potential to become a springboard toward a larger and broader effort to educate and mobilise workers across Toronto in resisting current attacks and developing political approaches independent of business - dominated projects that currently dominate the agenda .
The CUPE strikes and political defeat
The events of the summer and fall also revealed some of the challenges and limits of the Toronto Labour Council ’s strategy at the time .
Governments at all levels have been gearing up for a general attack on the public sector .
This was already evident in the Canadian Union of Public Employees ( CUPE ) strikes in both Windsor and Toronto during the summer of 2009 and the demands by employers for concessions .
The municipal workers ’ strikes were settled with mixed results .
The Windsor workers were unable to prevent imposed takeaways after a bitter strike .
Toronto workers did prevent the city from eliminating paid sick time ( although this survived in a modified form ) and held off a series of other demands by the employer .
Overall , the Toronto municipal workers did win an economic victory , but both CUPE strikes against demands for concessions suffered important political defeats .
There was little effort or resources used to appeal to the working class as a whole or the general public in defence of the public services involved , or over the stakes involved in defending the rights of unionised public sector workers .
Coming on the heels of massive efforts by the business community and their spokespeople to demonise unionised auto workers , the public attacks on the so - called privileges of public sector workers struck a deep chord to a depoliticised general population .
The utter lack of a response by CUPE to these attacks helped to undermine the political effects of the important economic victory of the striking municipal workers and will make it easier for future waves of attacks on the public sector unions and the services themselves , sure to come in the future .
The experience of the municipal strike also signalled a crisis in the political strategy pursued by the labour movement in Toronto .
The “ centre- left ” Miller administration failed to differentiate itself from the hard right city politicians who demanded concessions from the workers .
In a manner reminiscent of the Bob Rae social contract of 1993 , the Toronto mayor attacked his labour base , in an effort to appease ( rather than challenge and build an alternative to ) the right .
Labour for the most part deserted Miller ( aside from an opportunistic show of support by the Canadian Auto Workers union at Labour Day ) and , of course , the right only further attacked him for being too soft on the public sector unions .
The reliance on the support of Miller – and his alliance with the private sector , and the accommodation of the more left - oriented social democratic voices on city council to the business alliance – left the mainstream labour movement in Toronto and the Labour Council as well , searching for a new strategy .
Since Miller ’s withdrawal from the Toronto mayoralty race , there has been a relentless attack by the right on everything from budgeting to privatisation and outsourcing .
Given the horrible political defeat signalled by the failure to build a consistent defence of municipal workers rights , even the more progressive voices on Toronto city council are now in the crosshairs of the shrill and hysterical right - wing offensive .
There have been other labour struggles in the late summer and autumn .
In Toronto , Canadian Auto Workers ( CAW ) members at Zellers warehouse – tied to the new US owners of Hudson ’s Bay Company – struck against efforts to reduce their wages by 30 % ; maintenance workers at Cadillac - Fairview fought to protect against mass firings aimed at eliminating the union ; Steelworkers at Vale - Inco continued a strike in Sudbury against concessions demands , while , after much bluster and posturing , the CAW gave up concessions at Ford ( matching those at GM and Chrysler ) – while rank and file workers in the US rejected the US United Auto Workers union ’s ( UAW ) efforts to get them to buy into another round of takeaways .
It ’s hard to see how the Stewards ’
Assembly contributed all that much to these struggles .
Certainly the Toronto Labour Council did build support for all of the Toronto - based strikes and fight backs ( and publicly responds to the ongoing attacks on the public sector and workers ’ rights being raised by business voices on a regular basis today ) but there was hardly any resonance from the assembly and little to show from the exercise .
There was no effort to transmit the energy and enthusiasm of the assembly for a fight back to the crisis into the major political struggle that was unfolding in Toronto for municipal workers .
Hopefully , a public sector stewards ’ assembly planned for April will contribute to moving things forward .
The Good Green Jobs Conference
The Good Green Jobs Conference , held in early November 2009 , emerged as a key Toronto Labour Council project .
The conference was extremely well attended and had all kinds of activists from unions and community groups and coalitions .
Most impressive was the participation of many activists from racialised communities from across the city , all involved in one way or another in the struggle over the environment .
There were lots of social - democratic politicians , but genuine left activists as well .
The orientation from the front of the platform was around making the environment a space for good job creation in a way that avoided what US environmental justice leader Van Jones referred to as “ eco-apartheid ” .
There was a lot of emphasis on equity and inclusion , but little on the need to avoid eco-capitalism ( although , in fairness , there were some references ) .
The final speaker , after all of the workshops finished , was Clayton Thomas Mueller , the First Nations leader of a campaign against the Tar Sands , led by the Indigenous Environmental Network who explicitly rejected capitalism as a framework for addressing the environment .
But by that time most of the discussions had already taken place .
By placing it within the discourse of aboriginal justice , it made it somehow divorced from the issue of job creation , easy to embrace in the framework of social justice , but with few implications for what people would actually work toward today .
The workshops were divided into three themes : green infrastructure , green manufacturing and youth .
Each workshop had more than 150 people , but they were divided into table of about 10 people .
On those tables , people had discussions on the themes .
In my table , the discussion was at a high and very satisfying level ( I attended the green manufacturing workshop ) .
At each of the workshops , before the discussion started there were panels .
In my workshop , the panel included someone from Thunder Bay talking about the struggle to get Toronto to source new streetcars from Bombardier ( it was an excellent presentation , but the political framework was social democratic and did n’t deconstruct the unique elements of that experience , such as the partnership with the employer ) ; someone from the private sector ( who brought a thoroughly business - oriented perspective ) ; and an activist from a coalition to create decent jobs in the area formerly used by Kodak .
His conclusions were very interesting .
There was no opportunity to engage with the panellists , however .
It turned out that the level of discussion in the workshops as a whole was very low : most of the points made were formulaic ( “ we need more education ... ” ) and , apart from the infrastructure section ( which people seemed to instinctively see as public , rather than private ) , there was almost no sense of why the private sector needs to be marginalised and limited and that a public and cooperative sector needs to be the principal form of green job creation .
When our table wrote this out as one of our points , one of the facilitators of the larger workshop remarked , “ I guess you guys are in love with big government . ”
When pressed , she referred to “ positive examples of ‘ blue - green ’ alliances in the USA ” .
When all of the tables had summarised their discussions , it seemed that the main political issue they tended to address was the need for equity , participation and such issues ( all important , but lacking in the issue of class and private capital ) .
The conference did bring together a slew of trade unionists .
Many from the CAW , for example , were rank and file environmental activists or engaged in important local struggles such as support for Zellers workers , as well as leaders from the union .
The workshops were open and the outcome of those discussions honestly reflected where ordinary trade unionists are at on the environment and jobs .
Moreover , many of the activists invited to the conference were ( and still are ) involved in some extremely creative and interesting experiments ( such as the effort to engage activist youth in the Jane - Finch area in environmental activism and job creation ) .
The Greater Toronto Workers ’ Assembly
What the Stewards ’ Assembly and the Green Jobs Conference lacked was an anti-capitalist approach and a collective capacity to push the labour movement toward class struggles beyond where the affiliates individually are at .
This is understandable , but it suggests the need for socialists to build new forms of worker and community activist alliances and structures to break the impasse of union politics in Toronto and Canada .
One such fledgling effort is the recent efforts to form the Greater Toronto Workers ’ Assembly ( www.workersassembly.ca).
The assembly process works on a number of levels .
On the one hand , it seeks to create a new form of working - class organisation , bringing together working people in unions , in communities , employed and unemployed and those who are unable to work .
Building on a militant , anti-capitalist and class struggle orientation , it will address forms of division and segmentation that neoliberal capitalism has created and working within and outside existing community and labour organisations , it will develop capacities to move beyond the current level of defensive acceptance of the capitalist offensive .
On another level , the assembly includes much of the socialist and anti-capitalist left and members come from a number of activist groups and movements in Toronto .
Therefore , the assembly serves as a space to create new forms of unity and common practice on the left .
The assembly is not a coalition or network – people join and participate as individuals , committed to a vision statement and building a democratic , activist organisation .
Engaging in common campaigns , building common approaches , planning together , debating and discussing activities , political discussion and debate and summarising experiences will lead to a higher level of unity and can contribute to the growth of a more unified and sophisticated socialist left movement .
A beginning process
The assembly idea was initiated by the Socialist Project , but it was soon taken up as a collective project of the radical left and anti-capitalist individuals in labour and community movements .
A series of consultas ( consultation meetings ) , held in the summer of 2009 and into the early autumn , built momentum toward an initial assembly .
The meetings dealt with important issues underlying the project , such as the relationship between union and community approaches , how an assembly would relate to the activist Labour Council in Toronto and the issue of class .
The first assembly , held in October 2009 , included about 150 participants from unions , community groups and movements , individual activists , members of left political groups and anti-oppression movements .
It established the basic principles of an assembly , through a series of intensive workshop discussions .
The assembly agreed on the principal of individual membership , set up a voluntary , interim coordinating committee and set about the process of establishing criteria for collective campaigns , a proposed vision statement , and the next assembly .
The second assembly in January 2010 included 200 participants and had a large discussion about possible campaign choices , adopted a vision statement , debated issues of structure and set up a series of committees on campaigns , internal and external education , membership and finance , and a labour caucus .
People also began officially joining the Greater Toronto Workers ’ Assembly as individuals and volunteering for the committees .
Soon after , a group of artists formed an art committee .
The vision statement gives a flavour of the kind of project that the Greater Toronto Workers ’
Assembly is envisaged to be .
The following are the third and fifth paragraphs of the document :
The Assembly calls on activists to join together in a democratic process to create a new politics .
It is both a space for dialogue and learning within the popular left movement and an organ of common action .
Seeking to move beyond coalition and network politics the Assembly is an organisation that individuals belong to without giving up their membership and allegiances to community organisations , unions and left groups .
We are committed to developing our understanding of what we ’re up against , who our potential allies are , and to organise and act in new ways that will take us from a politics of resistance to emancipatory alternatives ...
While capitalism itself has created ongoing suffering and oppression in its “ normal ” phases , the crisis has made things worse .
But crises do not just come and go ; they bring both great dangers and significant opportunities .
Historically , they have represented new openings for either the consolidation of , or shifts in , social power .
The question is whether we can take advantage of the new openings and threats to build a new kind of politics .
The Assembly represents one answer to that challenge .
( Complete statement at : www.workersassembly.ca/vision.)
Currently , the committees are working to further sharpen the assembly ’s collective capacity to choose and develop political campaigns , gain a presence and approach to key ongoing struggles , create democratic structures , begin internal educational projects and plan the third assembly , to be held at the end of April .
Reforming a working - class politics
It is clear that we have a long way to go in order to rebuild a working - class movement that has been defeated , fragmented and disorganised by neoliberal capitalism .
One element is the efforts by the Toronto Labour Council to take a more activist approach to its work in supporting strikes and seeing the Toronto working class as much more than the members who gather in monthly meetings to report on their local union activities and popularise CLC policies .
To keep moving in this direction requires some political daring in the leadership to break out of conventional politics in organising and inside the union movement , and beyond the increasingly narrow political confines of the current municipal politics in Toronto .
It is difficult to imagine a new union movement emerging in Toronto and Canada , based on historical experience and the current political forces on the left , without the building of a new socialist movement .
This movement will have to have its roots in the different segments of the Toronto and Canadian working classes , with all its racial , gender , sexual and regional diversities .
Given the legacy of defeats and setbacks over the period of neoliberalism , it is difficult to know where to begin organisationally , as opposed to simply realising that the coalition politics and social fora that we have struck in the past have not been adequate to the tasks at hand .
Even if we know where we would like to go in having a union and socialist movement again able to contest political power in Canada and Toronto , there is no clear map of how to get there .
But a big step in that direction that would help build greater political unity and strategic clarity could come through participation in campaigns and other activities in spaces like a workers ’ assembly .
This could help shape collective efforts and struggles that would begin to find some basis of unity in working - class communities and across their organisations .
As this capacity grows , it could begin to challenge the logic and power of capital .
Support for major strikes like that at Vale - Inco in Sudbury , or of rubber workers in Toronto , or developing campaigns for free public transit and decent incomes for all working people , are part of re-asserting a capacity in our movements and cities for political struggle , not just as individuals or an isolated union local , but as a class .
It would be easy to imagine building from there to defence of the public sector against cutbacks , but also as the core of new economic strategies or political efforts to develop alternatives to the deluge of neoliberal policies currently on hand .
Or to even begin taking on the immense – but absolutely necessary and inescapable need – of working from inside and outside to transform our trade unions .
Eventually we need to be able to put on the agenda the task of building a mass socialist political party .
The new organisational experiments coming from alternative starting points in the Toronto labour movement are the beginning of recognition that the old ways can no longer continue as they have been .
It is time to move on .
They are both new openings that need to be encouraged and nurtured .
They need to be copied by other labour councils and socialist and community activists across Canada .
This is not in the particularities of design , but out of the need and vision to rebuild our union movements and the left .
[ Herman Rosenfeld is a retired union activist in Toronto , Canada .
This article first appeared in the January - March 2010 edition of Relay , Socialist Project ’s magazine .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
To download a PDF of the latest edition Relay click HERE . ]
Living in denial :
When a sceptic is n’t a sceptic
There are clear lines between scepticism and denial , but telling them apart can be tricky in the real world , says Michael Shermer
Read more
Without proper context , this letter – a highly critical analysis of polygraph testing written by an ex-CIA employee – would still be a captivating read ; however it just so happens that the note was penned from prison by Aldrich Ames , a former counter - intelligence officer - turned - spy who in 1985 chose to sell information to the KGB that , ultimately , revealed the identities of most U.S. agents working in the Soviet Union .
Approximately $ 2.7 million richer , the blood of many executed agents on his hands ,
Ames then famously passed two separate ‘ lie - detector tests ’ carried out by the CIA , before finally being arrested by the FBI in 1994 .
The following letter was sent in November of 2000 to Steven Aftergood – senior research analyst at the Federation of American Scientists – in response to an article he wrote for Science .
It can be read here .
Transcript follows .
Found via Happier Circumstance .
Transcript
Dear Mr. Aftergood ,
Having had considerable experience with the polygraph ( well beyond that which you referred to ) , I read your very sensible essay in Science with great interest .
I offer you a few comments on the topic for whatever interest or use they may have .
Like most junk science that just wo n’t die ( graphology , astrology and homeopathy come to mind ) , because of the usefulness or profit their practitioners enjoy , the polygraph stays with us .
Its most obvious use is as a coercive aid to interrogators , lying somewhere on the scale between the rubber truncheon and the diploma on the wall behind the interrogator ’s desk .
It depends upon the overall coerciveness of the setting — you ’ll be fired , you wo n’t get the job , you ’ll be prosecuted , you ’ll go to prison — and the credulous fear the device inspires .
This is why the Redmond report ventures into the simultaneously ludicrous and sinister reality that citizens ’ belief in what is untrue must be fostered and strengthened .
Rarely admitted , this proposition is of general application for our national security apparatus .
You did n’t mention one of the intriguing elements of the interrogations of Dr. Lee which is in fact quite common — the false representation to the subject of the polygraph results .
Because interrogations are intended to coerce confessions of one sort or another , interrogators feel themselves entirely justified in using their coercive means as flexibly as possible to extract them .
Consistency regarding the particular technique is not important ; inducing anxiety and fear is the point .
Polygraphers are fond of the technique used by psychics called cold reading , as a slightly less dramatic practice than actually lying to the subject about the results .
In this sort of cold reading , the interrogator will suggest to the subject that there may be a potential problem , an ambiguous result , to one of the questions and inquire whether the subject knows of anything that might help clear it up , etc , etc .
Your account of the Redmond report — I have n’t seen it — shows how another hoary slider is thrown past the public .
The polygraph is asserted to have been a useful tool in counterintelligence investigations .
This is a nice example of retreating into secret knowledge : we know it works , but it ’s too secret to explain .
To my own knowledge and experience over a thirty year career this statement is a false one .
The use of the polygraph ( which is inevitably to say , its misuse ) has done little more than create confusion , ambiguity and mistakes .
I ’d love to lay out this case for you , but unfortunately I cannot — it ’s a secret too .
Most people in the intelligence and CI business are well aware of the theoretical and practical failings of the polygraph , but are equally alert to its value in institutional , bureaucratic terms and treasure its use accordingly .
This same logic applies to its use in screening potential and current employees , whether of the CIA , NSA , DOE or even of private organizations .
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task , and in a variety of situations a bad , lazy or just unlucky decision about a person can result not only in serious problems for the organization and its purposes , but in career - damaging blame for the unfortunate decision - maker .
Here , the polygraph is a scientific godsend : the bureaucrat accounting for a bad decision , or sometimes for a missed opportunity ( the latter is much less often questioned in a bureaucracy ) can point to what is considered an unassailably objective , though occasionally and unavoidably fallible , polygraph judgment .
All that was at fault was some practical application of a “ scientific ” technique , like those frozen O-rings , or the sandstorms between the Gulf and Desert One in 1980 .
I ’ve seen these bureaucratically - driven flights from accountability operating for years , much to the cost of our intelligence and counterintelligence effectiveness .
The US is , so far as I know , the only nation which places such extensive reliance on the polygraph .
( The FBI , to its credit in a self - serving sort of way , also rejects the routine use of the polygraph on its own people . )
It has gotten us into a lot of trouble .
On the other hand , there have been episodes in which high - level pressures to use or acquire certain persons entirely override pious belief in the polygraph .
One instance which made the press is that of the Iranian connection in the Iran - Contra affair .
I wish you well in this particularly important theater of the struggle against pseudoscience : the national security state has many unfair and cruel weapons in its arsenal , but that of junk science is one which can be fought and perhaps defeated by honest and forthright efforts like yours .
Sincerely ,
Aldrich H. Ames
40087-083
P.O. Box 3000
White Deer , PA 17887
PS I should say that all my outgoing mail goes through the CIA — unlawfully — for review , censorship and whatever use it chooses to make of it .
One of the classic plotlines of detective fiction has the DA , the mayor and the press all convinced that they have identified the killer – all that remains is to put him away for a long time .
But a lone detective , usually plagued by his own demons , thinks they ’ve got the wrong man ; the real killer is still out there , ready to strike again .
This is the scenario that ’s been playing out for decades in the hunt to nail the food responsible for our epidemics of heart disease , obesity and diabetes .
Nearly all public health officials and cardiologists have had fat on death row since the 1970s with just a few isolated voices seeking a retrial .
But recently pressure for a pardon has been growing and an increasing number of senior figures have been highlighting evidence that exonerates fats and instead puts carbohydrates , particularly refined flour and sugar , in the dock .
Although you would n’t know it from official advice , the case against saturated fat is n’t actually that strong .
There are many studies going way back to the 1960s that found no link with cutting it out and reducing heart disease risk , although there are some that did .
The latest witness for the defence is a meta- analysis ( a study combining the results of other studies ) published in March that found :
“ There is no significant evidence for concluding that dietary saturated fat is associated with an increased risk of CHD or CVD . ”
It ’s very legit , published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , and big – involving 21 studies and nearly 350,000 patients .
What ’s more , the authors point out , replacing saturated fat in the diet with more carbohydrates , especially refined carbs , makes all the risk factors for heart disease and diabetes worse .
“ This is striking , ” says Dr Dariush Mozaffarian of Harvard Medical School , “ because it is what we have been doing for years . ”
Virtually all of the low - fat supermarket meals have contained added sugar to make them palatable .
Dr Mozaffarian ’s own research suggests that polyunsaturated omega 6 vegetable oils like soya bean may reduce heart attack risk .
Part of the case against saturated fat is that it increases total cholesterol levels .
However this idea is “ based in large measure on extrapolations , which are not supported by the data ” , says Meir Stampfer , professor of nutrition and epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health .
The |point is that although it does raise levels of “ bad ” LDL cholesterol , it also increases “ good ” HDL cholesterol , higher levels of which are protective .
Two years ago Professor Stampfer co-authored a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine , which found that the group on a low - carbohydrate diet who ate the most saturated fat ended up with the healthiest ratio of HDL to LDL and lost twice as much weight as those on a low fat diet .
The dossier indicting sugar as a far more serious threat than fat is already pretty hefty .
An addition came last month in the form of a big study ( 6,000 adults ) which confirmed the idea that adding sugar to processed or prepared foods is not a good idea .
The effect of this , remarkably , had n’t been studied before .
Researchers at Emory University found that the added sugar affected two markers for heart disease risk – it pushed up fat in the blood ( triglycerides ) and reduced the “ good ” HDL cholesterol , in contrast to saturated fat .
The people in the study were a cross section of the population and it turned out that on average this added sugar that many consumers are n’t even aware of was contributing an extra 21 teaspoons a day to their diet .
This made up 15 per cent of their total calories .
Thirty years ago when the low - fat drive was starting , added sugars only made up 10 per cent .
“ Added sugars are associated with important cardiovascular disease risk factors , ” say the authors .
Could low - fat diets have actually been causing heart disease and obesity ?
Also last month two more studies came out linking refined carbohydrates with a raised risk of heart disease .
One found that women , but not men , were more at risk of heart disease the more foods like white bread , croissants , muffins they ate .
These are high glycaemic foods – carbohydrates that are easily absorbed and quickly raise blood glucose levels .
The other linked the high glycaemic and widely used sweetener fructose to an increase in men ’s blood pressure .
Movie audiences rooting for a maverick detective would by now be convinced that the real killer was still out there .
But what exactly is carbs ’ modus operandi ?
Step forward expert witness for the defence – Dr Michael Shechter of Tel Aviv University .
He is the first researcher to study exactly happens to the lining of your arteries ( the endothelium ) when high glycaemic food like cornflakes gives you a rush of blood glucose .
The endothelium is increasingly being seen as the place where all sorts of vascular disease start .
“ Foods like cornflakes , white bread , French fries and sweetened soda all put undue stress on the endothelium , which explains for the first time why high glycaemic carbs can affect the progression of heart disease , ” says Dr Shecter .
His study was published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology last year .
At this point that fat prosecutors will point out that they have recognised that there are good and bad fats and that they already recommend the good vegetable and fish oils and that they advise moderation in high - glycaemic foods .
So what ’s the problem ?
“ The authorities have been very slow in acknowledging the problem with carbohydrates , ” says Professor Charles Clarke , Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh , who specialises in treating diabetes .
“ The official advice for losing weight , controlling diabetes and reducing the risk of heart disease is to eat what is known as a ‘ healthy balanced diet ’ .
“ This means keep your fat intake low but make sure you get a good amount of carbohydrates like pasta , bread and potatoes .
Unfortunately that allows you to consume a lot of high - glycaemic foods .
In fact it ’s perfectly possible to follow a ‘ healthy balanced diet ’ and consume the equivalent of 60 teaspoons of sugar a day , which is not good . ”
If you ’re an investor buying foreclosed homes Westfield and the surrounding areas can yield many potential properties .
But how to find them ?
One of the easiest ways is simply to drive around and look for the tell tale signs on front lawns or in windows ; there are also several websites that allow you to look [… ]
Letter Frequencies
“ etaoin shrdlu ” ( eh - tay - oh - in shird - loo ) , was believed to be the twelve most common letters in the English language .
The word came from linotype typesetting machines .
The first , left row of six keys on a linotype machine produce the word “ etaoin ” .
The second , left row of six keys produce the word “ shrdlu ” .
The linotype machine keys are labeled : etaoin - shrdlu-cmfgyp-wbvkxj-qz ” .
The letter ‘h’ appears more often in every day speech and writing than it does in a list of dictionary words .
The first twelve letters “ e t a o i n s r h l d c ” , are found in around 80 % of the words in the English language .
Letter Frequency in the English Language
e t a o i n s r h l d c u m f p g w y b v k x j q z
Letter Frequency in the Oxford Dictionary
e a r i o t n s l c u d p m h g b f y w k v x z j q
Letter Frequency in Press Reporting
e t a o n i s r h l d c m u f p g w y b v k j x q z
Letter Frequency in Religious Writings
e t i a o n s r h l d c u m f p y w g b v k x j q z
Letter Frequency in Scientific Writings
e t a i o n s r h l c d u m f p g y b w v k x q j z
Letter Frequency in General Fiction
e t a o h n i s r d l u w m c g f y p v k b j x z q
Letter Frequency in Word Averages
e t a o i n s r h l d c u m f p g w y b v k x j q z
Letter Frequency in Morse Code
e t a i n o s h r d l c u m f w y g p b v k q j x z
Letter Frequency in Wikipedia
e t a o i n s h r d l c u m w f g y p b v k j x q z
Non-Plural Word Letter Frequency
( 18584 Common Base Words )
e a i r t o n s l c u p m d h g b y f v w k x z q j
Plural Word Letter Frequency
( 45406 Common Words )
e i s a r n t o l c d u g p m h b y f v k w z x j q
Letter Frequency of the Most Common 1st Letter in Words
t o a w b c d s f m r h i y e g l n p u j k
Letter Frequency of the Most Common 2nd Letter in Words
h o e i a u n r t
Letter Frequency of the Most Common 3rd Letter in Words
e s a r n i
Letter Frequency of the Most Common Last Letter in Words
e s t d n r y f l o g h a k m p u w
Letter Frequency of the Most Common Letter to Follow the “ e ”
r s n d
Words begin with letter frequency :
t a i s o w h b c m f p d r l e g n y u k v j q x z
More than half of all words end with : e t d s
e s t d n r y o f g a l h m u k i w p c x b z v j q
Computer QWERTY Keyboard Key Frequency :
Space e t Shift a o i n s r h Del l d c u Enter
m f p g w y b , .
v k ( ) _ ; ” = ‘ – Tab x / 0 $ *
1 j : { } > q [ ] 2 z ! < ? 3 + 5 \ 4 # @ | 6 & 9 8 7 % ^ ~ `
Digraph Frequency
th he an in er on re ed nd ha at en es of nt ea ti to io le is ou ar as de rt ve
Trigraph Frequency
the and tha ent ion tio for nde has nce tis oft men
Double Letter Frequency
ss ee tt ff ll mm oo
( CNN ) --
Some mourners may bring Frisbees to Saturday 's memorial service for Walter Fredrick " Fred " Morrison , who invented the flying disc .
Morrison , 90 , died this week at his home in Utah , said Jen Derevensky , a spokeswoman for Wham - O , the company that has sold the Frisbee since signing a contract with Morrison in 1957 .
" Fred 's the one who thought of commercializing something that people had been doing forever -- picking up a round , flat object and watching it sail , " said Phil Kennedy , Morrison 's biographer .
Wham - O has sold more than 200 million Frisbees to date , Derevensky said Friday .
" It 's so simple that anyone could pick it up and fly it acceptably well in a few minutes , " Kennedy said .
" It 's inexpensive and adaptable to existing games and to new games . "
Morrison started experimenting with flying disc designs in 1937 after his girlfriend 's uncle invited him outside to toss the lid from a popcorn tin , according to Wham -O .
Later , Morrison borrowed a cake pan from his mother 's kitchen to throw with his girlfriend , who later became his wife .
He was soon hawking " Flyin ' Cake Pans " for 25 cents on beaches and parks around Los Angeles , California .
A fighter pilot during World War II , Morrison was shot down and held as a prisoner of war for 48 days , according to Wham -O .
After the war , Morrison became a carpenter , drawing up plans for aerodynamic discs in his free time .
His plastic Flyin - Saucer was a commercial flop , but the better - designed Pluto Platter sold well enough to attract the attention of the Southern California - based Wham - O , which soon would begin selling the Hula Hoop .
" The Pluto Platter was more aerodynamic , with more weight in the rim , " Kennedy said .
" It was sleeker -- without ribs sticking up -- and a little bigger , so it flew better . "
Wham - O took the name Frisbee from New England college students who'd been throwing empty tins from the local Frisbie Pie Co .
The company quickly trademarked the term .
Morrison had been in declining health and died Tuesday , Derevensky said .
A friend , Utah state Rep. Kay L. McIff , said Morrison had been struggling with cancer .
Saturday 's memorial service will be at a restaurant near his home .
Green Party councillor dies after falling out of tree
Green Party Councillor Phil Gordon died after falling from a tree yesterday
A councillor for the Green Party has been killed after falling out of a tree , it was disclosed today .
Phil Gordon , a professional tree surgeon , was working in Abbey Park , Leicester , yesterday when the accident happened .
He was taken to Leicester Royal Infirmary where he died .
Mr Gordon , who represented the Green Party on Leicester City Council , was named by the authority today .
Sheila Lock , chief executive of the council , said : ' We are all extremely shocked and saddened by this news , and our deepest sympathies go out to his family , his co-workers , and everyone who knew him .
' Councillor Gordon was one of our first Green councillors , and along with his then co-councillor Matt Follett brought a fresh approach into the council chamber , championing the cause of recycling both in the city and in the council .
' He was an arborist , and had been working alongside our trees and woodlands team for just over a year .
He will be greatly missed by them . '
The council said a book of condolence would be opened at Leicester Town Hall .
A spokesman for the Health and Safety Executive said it was investigating the incident .
Charles Kennedy fears the Lib Dems could be swallowed up by the Tories Former Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy has admitted that he refused to back his party 's coalition deal with the Conservatives .
Writing in the Observer - ahead of a special Lib Dem conference - Mr Kennedy said he feared it would wreck plans for a progressive centre - left alliance .
His apprehension was shared by some grassroots party members too , he says .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg , who will address his party later , defended his decision as the only workable option .
The new deputy prime minister told the Guardian newspaper on Saturday that he knew the deal had caused " much surprise and some offence " but the coalition 's agenda was one of " liberalism " .
He said he rejected a Labour - led alliance , as it was " unworkable " and would be seen by voters as " illegitimate " .
It is hardly surprising that , for some of us at least , our political compass currently feels confused
Charles Kennedy But Mr Kennedy , who led the party from 1999 to 2006 , said he could not bring himself to back Mr Clegg in the crucial vote on Tuesday night and now feared the Lib Dems would be swallowed up by the Tories .
" With uncharacteristic understatement Paddy Ashdown described last week 's events as ' a rather unexpected moment ' , " he wrote .
" Certainly , they drive a strategic coach and horses through the long - nurtured ' realignment of the centre - left ' to which leaders in the Liberal tradition , this one included , have all subscribed since the Jo Grimond era .
" It is hardly surprising that , for some of us at least , our political compass currently feels confused . "
Lord Ashdown , another former party leader , has also expressed concerns about the pact .
Replacing Trident Former Lib Dem MP
Dr Evan Harris - who lost his seat to the Tories - backed the coalition .
" Yes there are risks for us , people are worried .
I think of the options available to Nick and the party , the option of a stable coalition - where we can actually mitigate most of the unacceptable Conservative policies and introduce many of our own progressive policies - was the best of the options available . "
But he predicted future tensions between the coalition partners over social issues .
" There will be tensions when those emerge , and issues to do with Europe and immigration , where it will be difficult for the Liberal Democrats - on immigration , for example - to accept some of the rhetoric . "
At Sunday 's conference in Birmingham , party members will have the chance to question Mr Clegg , and fellow cabinet colleagues including the new Business Secretary Vince Cable and the Energy Secretary Chris Huhne over details of the coalition .
BBC political correspondent Louise Stewart said hostile motions were expected to be tabled on issues including tuition fees , the replacement of Trident and increasing VAT .
Members would have the right to vote on the coalition deal , but it was unlikely to have much impact , she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Jets left Winnipeg for Phoenix following the 1995 - 96 season . ( ( sportslogos.net ) )
The NHL schedule makers have created an itinerary for the 2010 - 11 season that includes a team based out of Winnipeg .
The schedule is a contingency plan as the future of the Phoenix Coyotes remains undecided , according to numerous media sources , including CBC Sports national reporter Teddy Katz .
A Winnipeg team would play in the Northwest Division , forcing Colorado to shift to the Pacific Division , according to Darren Ford , who has maintained a close watch on NHL dealings since launching his website , jetsowner.com , in 2003 .
" They can't be sitting around just thinking about us .
They need to already have it in place , " he said about the NHL 's contingency plan .
" Winnipeg , obviously , is very different geographically than Phoenix .
That changes all 29 teams ' flights and schedules , " Ford added .
" If [ NHL schedule makers ] thought this was going to happen , it had to be in place . "
The 15,000 - seat MTS Centre in downtown Winnipeg , opened in 2004 , is the third busiest sports facility in Canada . ( ( destinationwinnipeg.com ) )
The rumour mill has been running in high gear about the NHL 's possible return to Winnipeg since last week , when talks to sell the financially troubled Coyotes to Chicago sports tycoon Jerry Reinsdorf fell apart .
Arizona losses mount
The NHL , which bought the team out of bankruptcy last fall , is seeking a buyer for the franchise , which has failed to turn a profit since it moved from Winnipeg — where it played as the Jets — to Arizona following the 1995 - 96 season .
The team lost an estimated $ 20 million to $ 25 million US this season alone .
Ice Edge Holdings , a consortium of Canadian and American business people that failed in a previous attempt to purchase the Coyotes , re-entered the picture last week after Reinsdorf backed out because the City of Glendale would not meet his demand for more than $ 45 million a year in subsidies .
However , negotiations broke off Monday after Ice Edge and the city could n't agree on an arena lease deal .
Jerry Reinsdorf , left , backed out of dealings to buy the Coyotes because Glendale would not meet his demand for more than $ 45 million a year in subsidies .
(( Jonathan Daniel / Getty Images ) )
There have been reports that if an owner can't be found to keep the team in Arizona , the NHL will instead move quickly to finalize a sale to Toronto - based billionaire David Thomson and Mark Chipman , chairman of Winnipeg - based True North Sports and Entertainment Ltd .
Thomson and Chipman are partners in True North , which owns the 15,000 - seat MTS Centre and the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League .
Glendale has ' tough ' choice
Glendale city council members will vote Tuesday evening on whether to financially backstop the Coyotes .
The NHL is asking for an unspecified amount to cover this year 's losses while the sale of the team continues to be hammered out .
Watch live Glendale city council meeting
If council votes down the request , it throws open the doors for a move out of the city .
If council votes to cover the losses , there 's a good chance the team will stay put for at least the next season .
Phil Lieberman , a councillor in Glendale for 19 years , says the city is already in serious financial trouble , facing a $ 14.7 - million budget shortfall this year .
" And I 'm supposed to vote to give the NHL an unlimited amount of money ?
If that is n't tough , I do n't know what is , " Lieberman said , adding that he intends to oppose the motion .
However , he thinks a majority on council will vote to fund the team for another year .
Many councillors are worried about losing the $ 180 - million investment the city made in the arena to attract the team to Glendale .
The meeting , which starts at 9 p.m. CT , can be watched live through the sidebar link .
Watchdog group threatens to file lawsuit
An Arizona watchdog group claims the city is being secretive about how it intends to get around state laws .
" Under Arizona 's constitution , cities are not allowed to give subsidies to private sports owners , or any private businesses for that matter , " said Carrie Ann Sitran , a lawyer with the Goldwater Institute .
" The fact that the city is being so secretive makes us really wonder what the city is trying to hide , especially when we know that taxpayers ' dollars may be at stake . "
If any public money is put on the table for the Coyotes , the Goldwater Institute will file a lawsuit , Sitran said .
Julie Frisoni , Glendale 's marketing director , said the city is passionate about keeping the team .
" The Coyotes are a major business and they were really the first stepping stone in our sports and entertainment district that has been hugely successful and popular , " she said .
" We hosted a Super Bowl a couple of years ago . "
The city will not pay for the team 's losses , but will likely set up user fees to cover costs instead , Frisoni speculated .
" We are positive that we will work something out , " she said .
Classic Movie Review – The Matrix
For those of us who choke every time some grinning , varnish - skinned celebrity gets up and assaults us with the “ I ’d like to thank Jesus Christ my Savior ” speech at an award show , the 1990s were a simpler time .
We thanked God when our dealer came through with the goods before a big party , but other than that we were more interested in asking what the universe might look like if there was no god at all .
And it seemed like everyone – from Dark City with its space island controlled by aliens to The Truman Show with its American Beauty suburb controlled by Ed Harris – was having a crack at the answer .
And all that was before the Wachowski brothers came along with their big - budget cult movie ( an oxymoron ? )
The Matrix .
In light of the subsequent , awful , sequels ( please .
Do n’t make me review them ) , it has become almost de rigueur to be disdainful of The Matrix , but it is hard to seriously argue that this film is not one of the greatest sci- fi movies ever made .
If you ’re not familiar with the storyline , I ’m going to assume you ’re younger than a fifth grader and use small words : the computer Hacker Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) is a no-hoper who can hardly hold down a day job when he is suddenly pursued by another legendary hacker , Morpheus ( Laurence Fishbone ) , who wants to help him , and a very weird special agent of some sort , Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ) , who tortures Neo without laying a finger on him .
When Morpheus finally meets Neo , he gives him the now - legendary two options : take the red pill , and find the answer to the question that keeps him up at night – What is the Matrix ?
– or take the blue pill and “ believe whatever you want to believe ” .
Oh how I would like that blue pill some mornings .
The Wachowskis have n’t just come up with a fantastic concept , they ’ve told the yarn in ripping fashion as well .
From the first scene , when Agent Smith tells a police officer that “ your men are already dead ” as they try to arrest Trinity , we are asked to surrender ourselves to a world that we do n’t understand .
Black - clad men and women fly through thin air and disappear into it , stiff agents punch through solid brick walls and a green hue washes through every scene as we come close to learning what the matrix is .
The answer , when it finally comes , is a delicious twist : we ’re not really living this life , we are lying bent - over in a bowl of soup being fed a fairytale by a very large computer as we generate power to keep the computer and its cohort operating .
Reams have been written about how the Wachowski brothers drew on philosophy , religion , science and science fiction when writing the film , in much the same way that Tarantino draws on popular culture .
The philosophical and religious underpinnings of the books have spawned books , movies and a million websites , but I do n’t understand all of that crap .
I ’m a simple man who thinks that it ’s reasonable to pare the overarching theme of this film back to a commentary on the malaise of modern life .
And so the main conflict of the film is not really between Neo and Agent Smith , but rather between Morpheus – who wants to free humans from slavery – and Cypher ( Joe Pantoliano ) – who just wants to be plugged back into the matrix , where the steak tastes great and the women are plentiful .
When viewed in this way , the Matrix seems to be paying homage to Naomi Klein ’s No Logo as much as to Baudrillard and Kant , whoever they are ( Gen Xrs such as Klein probably suspect that the entire Gen Y would take the blue pill and sail along in blissful ignorance if given the choice .
Does that make us cynical ? ) .
Nevertheless , it is the battles between Agent Smith and Neo that take most of our attention and provide the style for which this film has become legendary .
It may have been OK for Jet Li to fight 20 feet in the air without explanation , as he did in legendary Hong Kong wire - fu movies such as Once Upon a Time in China , but in Hollywood you needed to provide an explanation for such physical feats ( well , you did until Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon came along ) .
Which is why the matrix – a computer program where the rules of gravity can be bent – is the real star of this film .
The Wachowski brothers inevitably use this “ wire - fu ” effect in every action scene , allowing the characters to drill through the air as they deliver lethal kicks to the head , leap out of the way of trains and bound between tall buildings .
But the Wachowskis also pay homage to our old friend gravity .
Some of the best action moments were old fashioned , earth bound ones , particularly the hand - to - hand combat between Morpheus and Agent smith in the dirty , old bathroom of an abandoned building .
Of course the other special effect ( do I sound old using this term ?
I do n’t think the young people use it any more ) associated with this film is the revolutionary “ bullet time ” effect whereby they surrounded the actors with a ring of cameras which all took the same footage from a different angle , allowing the camera to appear to rotate around a scene as its happening .
The Wachowskis perfected “ bullet time ” and Hollywood ’s been getting drunk on it ever since .
For me , the scene with which “ bullet time ” is most closely associated – when Neo dodges bullets on the roof of a building – never excited me as much as everyone else , but I did love the subsequent subway scene when the camera spins around Neo and Agent Smith as they come together in mid-air ; and , of course , the sight of the cameras panning around the leather - clad Trinity ( Carrie - Ann Moss ) as she leaps into the air to slay those poor cops trying to arrest her .
The other notable style of this film is the look .
The Matrix emits a green hue , signifying the dull , monochromatic nature of the computer simulation ( sure beats the hell out of the real world , though ) .
Somehow , such a world seems perfectly created for Keanu Reeves .
You can just see the casting discussion now .
‘ We need a big name actor who is n’t capable of showing any emotion .
Book Keanu Reeves and Ben Afflek in for screen tests ’.
It may not be a high bar to clear , but nevertheless this is the best performance of Reeves ’ career .
He manages to inject the necessary irony into his role , which is something he often struggled to do in earlier films .
Opposite Reeves , Hugo Weaving ’s Agent Smith is one of the all - time great screen villains .
The Wachowskis obviously understood the cast iron rule of action / sci - fi films that if your nemesis is not a human or an animal , you must still inject a personality into it ( see , eg , Terminator ) .
Climate change activists would probably get a better hearing from the public if they could just wheel out Hugo Weaving to give Agent Smith ’s fantastic diatribe on humanity ’s similarity to a virus .
His ability to impart verve , even anger , into the role of Agent Smith while remaining as stiff as a starch shirt is quite remarkable .
Who does n’t remember his simmering irony as he exclaimed to a chained up Morpheus :
I hate this place .
This zoo .
This prison .
This reality , whatever you want to call it , I ca n’t stand it any longer .
It ’s the smell , if there is such a thing .
I feel saturated by it .
I can taste your stink and every time I do , I fear that I ’ve somehow been infected by it .
Kind of like a country person who ’s spent too long in the city .
Certainly
The Matrix throws up some annoyances , particularly the ever - platitudinous Morpheus , but they are minor when compared to the originality of the concept , the stupendous action scenes and the depth of research and writing .
It ’s a beauty that I could watch again and again .
Highlight :
The denouement : Neo v Smith in the subway , which we watch with the words of Morpheus ringing in our ears : “ Every single man or woman who has stood their ground , everyone who has fought an agent , has died ” .
Lowlight : Tank .
Did everyone want to drag him off the set and lock the door behind him ( which they actually did before the sequels ) , or was that just me ?
Stereotypes : Certainly this film was more blokey than it needed to be .
No female agents ?
And what ’s with the Oracle telling Trinity that her one role in life is to fall in love with The One ?
91/100
CrossFit is real .
This unique quality is both the lure that attracts CrossFit converts and the glue that holds CrossFitters together to our program and each other .
What in the hell am I talking about ?
First , our program is real because it mimics the real world .
We squat , lift , press , jump , throw , catch , run , and maneuver our bodies using balance , coordination , and strength .
Why ?
Because we must do those things in the real world — every day .
We constantly change our routine to match our constantly varied reality .
We measure things like loads and times , because something inside us inherently knows that real results must be measurable and verifiable .
You do n’t have to be a scientist or engineer to know that .
Numbers are real , and we can feel this .
Our health and fitness philosophy self - selects and attracts real people .
Real people value other real people and can spot fakes a mile away .
Real people are flawed and imperfect .
They have both weaknesses and strengths .
They are not always at the top of their game .
They also accomplish great feats on occasion , and when they do they prize most the recognition they receive from other real people .
Real people are OK with having their performance measured .
They know you cannot hide your performance , and they do n’t try .
Real people are usually the most humble , because they know exactly where their performance falls , and they ’re OK with that .
They do n’t feel the need to jockey for social position .
They ’re real , flaws and all , and they ’re content being that way .
Because of its unique qualities , Cross Fit attracts real people .
Once you ’ve met real people , the fakes start to make you throw up in your mouth .
That ’s not to say you have to be a CrossFitter to be real .
No , no , no .
But CrossFitters are inevitably drawn from society ’s pool of real people .
Shared suffering in the pursuit of a goal also creates strong social bonds .
This happens in many situations of prolonged physical training , and Cross Fit is no exception .
CrossFitters share suffering each day in their pursuit of excellence during the WOD .
These factors create a culture that values camaraderie and transparency .
We know that any experiences we share with our fellow CrossFitters are genuinely real , and this is something to be highly prized .
Our world is filled with fakes of every manner , because being fake is easy and supports an ego .
Being real is difficult , and necessarily keeps ego in check .
I ’m continually stoked about all the real people I get to interact with every day at Cross Fit Impulse , and I look forward to more shared suffering .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : Leksah 0.8
This is our official 0.8 release .
Anyone still using 0.6 should upgrade .
Anyone using an earlier 0.8 release should upgrade too ( and delete ~/.leksah-0.8/prefs.lkshp and ~/.leksah-0.8/prefscoll.lkshp ) .
There 's lots of new stuff , so please have a look if you can .
Let us know which of the things that are n't there you think we should work on next .
Some changes in 0.8 : * Workspaces ( for working on projects with multiple packages ) * Better metadata ( includes nonexported definitions in workspace packages ) * Optional downloading of prebuilt metadata for packages ( you can turn this off in the first start dialog ) * Better completion ( keywords , language extensions , module name , non exported definitions ) * Split in a client and server part ( Client part does n't import ghc - api ) * Compiles with GHC 6.12 * Many bug fixes and little enhancements * Unstable and very limited
Yi mode ( vim bindings only for now )
Not new but worth mentioning : * < Ctrl > < Enter > evaluates current line or selection in GHCi * < Ctrl >
R adds missing imports
To building Leksah yourself : * You need GHC 6.10 or 6.12 installed .
The preferred way is current Haskell platform .
*
You need Gtk2 Hs including the GtkSourceView2 package .
( Currently gtk2hs has no release for 6.12 .
On Linux we suggest you use the darcs version and install it via cabal install ) * cabal install leksah * leksah Making a Gtk application look nice on Windows and OS X is not easy so we recommend using one of these prebuilt binaries :
http://leksah.org/packages/leksah-0.8.0.6.exe
( Windows ) http://leksah.org/packages/leksah-0.8.0.6.dmg
( OS X ) ( Installation of gtk2hs for the development of gtk2hs apps is not done by these installers .
Please consult http://leksah.org/download.html for more details about installation !
Background information can be found in the Leksah manual : http://leksah.org/leksah_manual.pdf.
Known bugs and problems : *
If you have installed an earlier 0.8 version please delete your ~/.leksah-0.8/prefs.lkshp and ~/.leksah-0.8/prefscoll.lkshp *
The server may occasionally allocate much memory , which has been observed on Windows .
You can simply restart leksah ( of leksah - server if you have started it separately ) * leksah do n't run with ghc - 6.12.2 ( http://http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/ghc/ticket/4038)
Have fun Jürgen & Hamish
For two years , Antonella Mega has quietly fought for her husband ’s release from an Iranian prison , putting her faith in the Canadian government and Tehran ’s courts .
But with a possible death sentence hanging over Iranian - born Canadian Hamid Ghassemi -Shall , Mega has decided to go public for the first time in the hopes of drawing attention to his case .
A case , she says , with unclear allegations about spying , and little chance of appeal .
“ There comes a point where you do n’t know what else to do , ” Mega said over coffee in a Toronto cafe this week , alternating between tears and laughter as she recounted the last two years .
Mega last saw her husband , 42 , as he left their Beaches home in May 2008 for a month - long visit to his ailing mother in Tehran .
It was n’t the first time he had visited his birthplace since immigrating to Canada in 1995 and becoming a Canadian citizen .
He had wanted to go following his father ’s death in 2003 , but Mega begged him to stay , fearful of the war in neighbouring Iraq .
“ I know it was paranoid thinking , ” said Mega , an Italian - born Canadian who started a computer company with her husband but has had trouble working since his detention .
“ But I was afraid and said , ‘ Please do n’t go .
Please do n’t go . ’ ”
He relented , but went a year later on the anniversary of his father ’s death and travelled without incident .
But shortly after his arrival in Tehran in 2008 , Ghassemi - Shall ’s older brother , Alborz , who lives in Tehran , was arrested and authorities seized all the family ’s travel documents — including Ghassemi - Shall ’s Canadian passport .
Alborz , a mechanical engineer who had spent time in the military before his retirement about five years ago , had not had problems with authorities in the past according to Mega .
When Ghassemi -Shall went at the end of May to retrieve his Iranian passport – which he would need to leave the country – he was also arrested .
The next time Mega would talk to him would be 18 months later , in November , when Ghassemi - Shall called from Evin prison .
“ I did n’t know what to say , ” Mega said , crying as she recalled the first time they spoke .
“ He said , ‘ Hi honey . ’ ”
“ I got very scared because I had heard about Evin and I asked what section he was in , ” she said .
“ He said , ‘ You ca n’t ask those questions . ’ ”
A few weeks later he called and this time he was crying .
He said he had bad news — he had been convicted and had been told to sign his own death sentence .
It ’s still unclear , Mega says , what the allegations against her husband include , and whether he faces a death sentence , or if he was granted a reprieve ( as his lawyer had been told verbally ) and instead has been sentenced to life .
Upon the advice of her lawyer in Iran , Giti Pourfazel , an outspoken feminist and civil rights lawyer , and Ottawa ’s Foreign Affairs Department , Mega quietly waited , working on a website she hopes to soon launch that will chronicle her husband ’s case .
Then two things happened this year .
Ghassemi -Shall ’s brother Alborz died in custody .
Authorities said it was from cancer .
And Pourfazel lost her last attempt in court to have her Canadian client ’s case re-opened .
Mega says her days now consist of waiting at home to receive the two or three - minute calls her husband is allowed to make each day .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
She says she spends a lot of time remembering their life , starting with the day she met Ghassemi - Shall shortly after he arrived in Canada .
He was working at the Calderon shoe store in the Eaton ’s Centre ; she was trying on a pair of beige sling backs with a taupe tip .
And as the fairytale goes — the shoe fit .
“ I put myself in his shoes .
I could tell he was new to the country and I just felt for him , ” she said laughing and remembering her own loneliness in Toronto when she first immigrated .
Last Friday , Mega received a call from Deepak Obhrai , Canada ’s Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Foreign Affairs to say the government is still working on the case .
Amnesty International ’s Canadian Secretary General , Alex Neve , has urged Ottawa to join forces to try to secure Ghassemi - Shall ’s release .
“ There seems no likelihood the case is going to be fairly assessed , ” Neve said .
“ It ’s crucial for the Canadian government on its own , or working alongside other governments , really presses this case with Iran to seek a resolution through diplomatic and political channels . ”
Traditionally Canada has not wielded much power in Iran and relations between the countries were strained with the death of Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi .
Kazemi died in Evin prison on July 11 , 2003 , almost three weeks after she was arrested for taking pictures of a student protest .
Although authorities conceded she died as a result of torture and Canada temporarily recalled its ambassador to Iran in protest , no one was ever convicted in her death .
While Iran does not recognize dual citizenship , public pressure has , however , helped secure the release of other detained Canadians , Europeans and Americans .
Iranian - born Canadian Maziar Bahari , a journalist with Newsweek , was freed last October on $ 300,000 bail after nearly four months in detention .
On Thursday , Iranian authorities brought three American hikers who have been imprisoned in Evin for 10 months to a hotel in Tehran for a reunion with their mothers .
The three women , who had travelled to Iran to plead for the release of their children , wept and hugged during the emotional meeting broadcast on Iran ’s state - run Press TV .
Shane Bauer , 27 , Sarah Shourd , 31 and Josh Fattal , 27 have been held since July when arrested after crossing the Iranian border from Iraq .
Iran has accused them of working for the CIA , but the trio said they were hiking in the mountainous Kurdish region of Iraq and strayed off course .
Read more about :
Usually most roleplaying game backgrounds feature polytheistic religions like the classic D&D pantheon .
You have several gods that are responsible for certain domains like war , trade , luck , you name it .
Monotheistic religions resembling real life religions are usually avoided in high - fantasy games .
In my opinion monotheistic religions are much more interesting from a roleplaying standpoint .
In most fantasy settings gods are real and the interact with their followers in a direct way .
In D&D for example the gods grant their clerics power in form of spells .
And it is not unheard of gods walking the earth in the guise of mortals or by using avatars .
Gods can be challenged and even slain .
Although there are clerics and temples of certain gods it ’s not unthinkable that a larger temple of Pelor perhaps includes a shrine of Bahamut .
And even good people pray to the more sinister gods from time to time in hope they get spared from their wrath .
Even the most devoted member of one god will not deny the existence of any other god .
“ I am the Lord thy God .
Thou shalt not have strange gods before me . ”
That ’s a whole different story with monotheistic religion .
The followers of monotheistic religions usually deny the existence of other gods and fight their followers rigorously .
And there may be even crusades against people who worship the same god , but who are seen as heretics .
From a roleplaying standpoint monotheistic religions add a lot of conflict to a setting .
In the classic D&D world which uses the standard pantheon , religion is not much of an issue .
Now imagine a roleplaying game set into the time of the crusades and one member of the party is a Christian and another is a Muslim .
Of course you can mix and match the two concepts and have strictly monotheistic religions and several polytheistic ones .
One good example for such a world is shown in David Eddings ’ Elenium saga .
The Elene church in the trilogy is modelled after the Catholic church and there are also the gods of Styricum and several elder gods .
The most interesting aspect is that the Elene god is quite distant and does n’t seem to affect the world at all , but the gods of Styricum and the Elder Gods take active part in the affairs of man .
In my homebrew setting Asecia , I have chosen to have three major religions that are monotheistic and the gods do not show themselves in any way .
Since Asecia was modelled after Victorian Europe , I did n’t want gods walk on the world or even have clerics using divine magic .
The Brotherhood of the Three Sisters is as monotheistic as the rest of them , as the Three Sisters are more or less three aspects of one single god .
There is noone who prays only to one of the sisters exclusively for example .
The Brotherhood is the oldest still existing religion and the Sisters are vengeful and jealous .
There are a lot of rules and commandments the believers have to follow and failure to do so is punished by the priesthood and the inquisition of the Brotherhood .
The Holy Cerynian Church of the Great Architect and the Church of St. Michael are modelled after the Catholic Church and the Protestants .
The Great Architect is a more compassionate and forgiving god than the Three Sisters and his followers should strive to better themselves and their fellow men .
But even these churches are not without taint .
Both the Cerynian Church and the Michaelites have special groups that hunt down heretics and members of the Brotherhood .
And high members of the church actively influence worldy politics .
In my opinion focussing on a few religions with strong monotheistic concepts make for better roleplaying opportunities .
But this does n’t force anyone to be a devout follower of one or the other religion .
Since the gods are distant there is still enough space for atheists or agnostics and even minor religions .
In a world where gods walk the earth or where you can witness clerics using divine spells on a daily basis , atheism has no place .
As always I am interested in your comments on this post , so please speak your mind in the comment section below !
This post is my entry into this month ’s Blog Carnival .
The 750 retired admirals , generals , and other top military leaders who are members of Mission : Readiness recognize that the strength of our country depends on a strong military .
Since 2009 , Mission : Readiness has championed evidence - based , bipartisan state and federal public policy solutions that are proven to prepare our youth for life and to be able to serve their nation in any way they choose .
Alexei Emelin : “ I ’ll think about NHL next year ” ( Photo © Getty Images )
Habs ‘ prospect Alexei Emelin , 23 , declared to Sovietskiy Sport v Tatarstane ( via sports.ru ) that he ’ll think about the NHL only next year .
Alexei Emelin : “ I ’m under contract with Ak Bars Kazan for the next season .
I ’ll think about the NHL next year . ”
Recently Emelin has been awarded with Best Defenseman of the KHL Finals honor and skated in the 2010 World Championship in Germany .
Underwater footage showing oil gushing into the ocean from the sea-bed ( on 3 May ) , and the attempts of a remotely operated vehicle to contain one of the leaks ( on 4 and 5 May ) , have been released by BP .
A just - published attack tactic that bypasses the security protections of most current antivirus software is a " very serious " problem , an executive at one unaffected company said today .
Last Wednesday , researchers at Matousec.com outlined how attackers could exploit the kernel driver hooks that most security software use to reroute Windows system calls through their software to check for potential malicious code before it 's able to execute .
Calling the technique an " argument - switch attack , " a Matousec - written paper spelled out in relatively specific terms how an attacker could swap out benign code for malicious code between the moments when the security software issues a green light and the code actually executes .
" This is definitely very serious , " said Alfred Huger , vice president of engineering at Immunet , a Palo Alto , Calif . - based antivirus company .
" Probably any security product running on Windows XP can be exploited this way . "
Huger added that Immunet 's desktop client is not vulnerable to the argument - switch attacks because the company 's software uses a different method to hook into the Windows kernel .
According to Matousec , nearly three - dozen Windows desktop security titles , including ones from Symantec , McAfee , Trend Micro , BitDefender , Sophos and others , can be exploited using the argument - switch tactic .
Matousec said it had tested the technique on Windows XP SP3 and Vista SP1 on 32 - bit machines .
Some security vendors agreed with Huger .
" It 's a serious issue and Matousec 's technical findings are correct , " said Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at Finnish firm F - Secure , in an e-mail .
" Matousec 's research is absolutely important and significant in the short term , " echoed Rik Ferguson , a senior security advisor at Trend Micro , in a blog post earlier Monday .
Other antivirus companies downplayed the threat , however .
" Based on our initial review of the public documentation , we believe this is a complicated attack with several mitigating factors that make it unlikely to be a viable , real world , widespread attack scenario , " a McAfee spokesman said in an e-mail reply to a request for comment .
" The attack would require some level of existing access to the target computer , as the attack described by Matousec does not on its own bypass security software or allow malware to run . "
Kaspersky Lab had a similar reaction .
" [ We ] have analyzed the published material and concluded that the issue is only linked to certain features of [ our ] products , " Kaspersky said in an e-mailed statement .
" Kaspersky Lab products implement not only [ kernel ] hooks , but a wide range of technologies , including secure sandboxing and other methods of restricting suspicious kernel mode activity . "
Huger confirmed that attackers would have to drop malware of some sort on the targeted machine in order to utilize the argument - switch strategy , and that there are " lots of easier ways to game antivirus " than Matousec 's technique .
" But that does n't lesson the impact , " Huger argued .
" Actually , it would be really tricky to stop this , and gives attackers a strong opportunity to get around disk - based security . "
Huger 's greatest fear is that others take Matousec 's findings , weaponize the argument - switch attack , and add it to one of the numerous underground exploit kits .
" If someone packages this into an easy - to - use library , I think it 'll be in play pretty quickly , with widespread adoption , " said Huger .
" Why would n't it ? "
A secret Air Force space plane launched on an Atlas V Thursday night at 7:52 p.m. EDT ( 2352 GMT ) on a classified mission .
The vehicle , the umanned X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle , looks like a mini space shuttle and has the capability to remain in orbit for 270 days .
The purpose of this vehicle – for this mission and for the future – is unknown , but the Air Force says this newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft will demonstrate autonomous orbital flight , reentry and landing .
Although the mission is secret , the launch was open to the media and was webcast live by the United Launch Alliance , and included live Twitter updates from the Air Force Space Command .
Shortly after main engine cutoff , however , the webcast ended and no more updates were provided about the rocket and the vehicle ’s activities .
[ / caption ]
The mission duration has not been disclosed , but the Air Force said technologies to be tested during the flight include advanced guidance , navigation and control , thermal protection systems , avionics , high temperature structures and seals , reusable insulation and lightweight electromechanical flight systems .
Liftoff occurred on time ; and the stages separated 4 minutes and 31 seconds into the flight , and engine cutoff came at about 17 minutes after launch .
The X - 37B is 9 meters long and 4.5 meter wide ( 29 X 15 ft ) and its payload bay is 2.1 by 1.2 meters ( 7 by 4 feet ) .
The vehicle was built at Boeing Phantom Works , based on an orbital and re-entry demonstrator design initially developed by NASA , then handed over to the Pentagon .
Rumors of an X - 37B launch have been circulating since 2008 .
Originally the vehicle was scheduled for launch in from the payload bay of the Space Shuttle , but that plan was axed following the Columbia accident .
Comparing the X - 37B to the space shuttle , the orbiters 56 meters ( 184 feet ) long , has a wingspan of 23 meters ( 78 feet ) , and weighs 2 million kg ( 4.5 million pounds . )
The space shuttle can haul payloads up to 29,500 pounds , while the OTV can only handle up to 226 kg ( 500 pounds . )
The X37 - B will land on a runway in California and will be controlled remotely from the ground .
In the future , the Air Force said they hope to conduct experiments and rendezvous with other spacecraft .
See our preview article about the X37- B .
Enjoy more launch images from Alan Walters :
Warner Bros. So Distraught Over Losing Superman Rights , It Personally Sues The Lawyer Who Won
from the getting - a- bit - personal dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've covered the ongoing fight over copyright termination rights lately , as it 's quickly becoming a big deal .
While the whole concept shows part of how messed up copyright law has become , one element included to help artists ( rather than just big companies ) when copyright terms were extended , were opportunities for the original artists or their estates to " terminate " the assignment of copyright to a company .
The details are highly technical and a bit of a mess , and the entertainment industry has worked hard for years to try to bury termination rights ( most famously when the RIAA had a Congressional staffer -- who was hired just months later to a high - paying RIAA job -- slip some text into a bill in the middle of the night that took termination rights away from musicians , until musicians freaked out and Congress backtracked ) .
Even so , the big entertainment industry companies have been fighting against every attempt at artists or their estates reclaiming their copyrights for years .
The most famous case was the case over Superman 's rights -- which concluded last year with the estate of Jerry Siegel winning back certain rights ( while letting Warner retain other Superman - related rights ) .
The lawyer who represented the Siegel estate , Marc Toberoff , has been pushing content creators and their estates to understand ( and make use of ) termination rights for a long time .
And it 's no surprise that we 're now seeing new efforts under way from musicians and others , including comic book artist Jack Kirby .
Kirby , not surprisingly , is also represented by Toberoff , who is n't just representing these artists in helping them get back their copyrights , but he 's apparently set up his own production studio to help make use of those copyrights once he helps the artists get them back .
Apparently , Warner Bros. ( a frequent target of Toberoff ) has had enough and has decided to sue Toberoff personally , claiming that ... well ... basically that he 's a jerk and a savvy business person , which I did n't quite realize was illegal .
Specifically , they seem to be claiming that Toberoff " manipulated " the creators of Superman , having them hand over a large percentage of the rights to the character if he was able to successfully manage the termination .
Part of Warner 's complaint is that Siegel and Shuster had apparently signed agreements promising not to exercise their termination rights , but as I 'm sure Warner 's lawyers know ( they must know this , right ? ) , you cannot contractually give up your termination rights , or all entertainment industry companies would require that in their standard contract .
Frankly , reading through the complaint -- which you can read below -- it looks like Warner is attempting to retry the Superman termination rights case that it already lost :
While I still think there are all sorts of problems with termination rights in copyright law , and have no doubt that Toberoff had plenty of reasons beyond helping artists get back their copyrights in agreeing to represent these artists , it is somewhat amusing to see Hollywood flail around so desperately to try to keep absolutely monopolistic control over these rights .
Of course , if the copyright law that was in place when Superman was created was still in place , the character of Superman would no longer be covered by copyright at all today , but would , instead , be in the public domain .
So , forgive me for feeling little sympathy for anyone involved in this tug of war over who gets to exploit the creation for more money .
Filed Under : copyright , hollywood , marc toberoff , movies , superman , termination rights
Companies : warner bros .
Today is the tenth anniversary of the Lost series premiere .
We are rerunning this article about the show ’s finale , first published on May 18 , 2010 .
If Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse are feeling generous , this Sunday ’s Lost series finale will finally answer the one question viewers have been asking for the past six seasons :
What the hell is this damn show about , anyway ?
Or , more likely , they ’ll tell us nothing .
Either way , now seems like an appropriate time to look back on all the awesome unofficial explanations concocted by impatient fans these past few years .
Each week we round up the best of the Internet ’s realistic - seeming theories , but today , we appreciate the craziest , unlikeliest , and most thoroughly debunked hypotheses viewers have floated since the show ’s 2004 premiere .
Herewith our list of the seven greatest wrong
Lost theories ever , complete with our guesses on how the show would have ended if they ’d actually been right .
The Theory : Admittedly this theory — which says the castaways are the unwitting stars of some Why It ’s Probably Wrong : Remember that time they left the Island ?
Hypothetical Series Finale : An enraged Jack surgically connects Carlton Cuse , Damon Lindelof , and J.J. Abrams into a human centipede .
Admittedly this theory — which says the castaways are the unwitting stars of some evil , elaborate reality show , like Jim Carrey was in The Truman Show — is totally lazy , and if Lost ’s final reveal were that the Island is just a big sound stage , viewers would probably riot .
But if the show ’s ending is going to be a letdown anyway , at least this one would give us the satisfaction of seeing Locke freak out and stab a bunch of producers .
Remember that time they left the Island ?
An enraged Jack surgically connects Carlton Cuse , Damon Lindelof , and J.J. Abrams into a human centipede .
The Theory :
This popular one — which says that Smokey is a DHARMA - created , thinking cloud of tiny evil robots , exactly like the villain in Michael Crichton ’s 2002 thriller Prey — has persisted even though it ’s been repeatedly debunked by Lost ’s makers .
Its greatness lies in its hilarious assumption that J.J. Abrams would be bold enough to steal one of Lost ’s central mysteries from a two - year - old bestseller .
Why It ’s Probably Wrong : Damon Lindelof : “ I do n’t know how many times you can go on record saying that the black smoke is not made up of nanobots before you stop getting asked that question . ”
Hypothetical Series Finale : The Island is bombed by the Costa Rican Air Force , like at the end of Jurassic Park .
The Theory :
The show is loaded with biblical references , especially ones to Genesis .
Might Lost ’s writers be subtly trying to tell us that the Island — with its healing powers , various immortals , Adam and Eve , and serpentlike smoke monster — is actually the Garden of Eden ?
EW ’s Doc Jensen has occasionally half - entertained this theory , recently wondering whether Sawyer ’s biting into an apple while interrogating Sideways Kate was an allusion to the Why It ’s Probably Wrong :
We do n’t recall Eden having any four - toed statues .
Hypothetical Series Finale : A pissed - off God shows up and banishes the Island ’s inhabitants for taking so long to pick up on all the symbolism .
The show is loaded with biblical references , especially ones to Genesis .
Might Lost ’s writers be subtly trying to tell us that the Island — with its healing powers , various immortals , Adam and Eve , and serpentlike smoke monster — is actually the Garden of Eden ?
EW ’s Doc Jensen has occasionally half - entertained this theory , recently wondering whether Sawyer ’s biting into an apple while interrogating Sideways Kate was an allusion to the Tree of Knowledge
We do n’t recall Eden having any four - toed statues .
A pissed - off God shows up and banishes the Island ’s inhabitants for taking so long to pick up on all the symbolism .
The Theory : Before Lost premiered in 2004 , the world ’s most famous hard - to - find mythical landmass was Atlantis , which , according to legend , was home to some advanced , magical technology before the place disappeared .
Could the Island be Why It ’s Probably Wrong : Seems a little too obvious .
Hypothetical Series Finale : The Island sinks .
Hey , maybe this one is Before Lost premiered in 2004 , the world ’s most famous hard - to - find mythical landmass was Atlantis , which , according to legend , was home to some advanced , magical technology before the place disappeared .
Could the Island be Atlantis , or a broken - off piece of it ?
Some say the lost continent was located near the Canary Islands , which we recently learned was home to Richard Alpert Seems a little too obvious .
The Island sinks .
Hey , maybe this one is right after all
The Theory :
It ’s way too complicated to do justice to here ( read Why It ’s Probably Wrong :
It might not be !
But for it to be correct , presumably Lost ’s writers would have had to have conceived of Jacob and the MiB from the very beginning , Hypothetical Series Finale : Jacob wins a million dollars and a record deal .
It ’s way too complicated to do justice to here ( read these sites for details ) , but this is the gist :
Lost is an elaborate , six - level , point - based game being played between Jacob and the Man in Black , each of whom “ scores ” by manipulating the show ’s characters into certain positions .
It might not be !
But for it to be correct , presumably Lost ’s writers would have had to have conceived of Jacob and the MiB from the very beginning , which they did n’t Jacob wins a million dollars and a record deal .
The Theory : Some years ago , inspired by Lost ’s subtle , possibly imagined allusions to Ingmar Bergman ’s The Seventh Seal , crazed superfan Andrew Smith concocted Why It ’s Probably Wrong :
Even before it was proven wrong by the show , it still seemed too crazy .
Hypothetical Series Finale :
The castaways pack up their babies and move to invisible Park Slope .
Some years ago , inspired by Lost ’s subtle , possibly imagined allusions to Ingmar Bergman ’s The Seventh Seal , crazed superfan Andrew Smith concocted this insane , multi-part explanation for the show ’s mythology — as in Seal , Smith says Lost is one big metaphorical chess game with Death — which is still awesome even though it has since been shown to be totally wrong .
Our favorite part :
The Island is composed of “ shadow matter ” and “ shares the same physical space as Manhattan . ”
That thing knocking down trees in the pilot episode ( later revealed to be Smokey ) ?
That was an invisible L train .
Even before it was proven wrong by the show , it still seemed too crazy .
The castaways pack up their babies and move to invisible Park Slope .
The Theory : Why It ’s Probably Wrong :
We ’d tell you if we actually understood it .
Hypothetical Series Finale : A scene - by - scene remake of Lost ’s original pilot .
Jason Hunter ’s elaborate , Primer - esque theory supposes multiple overlapping timelines and posits that Ben and Richard are using the Island ’s time - traveling ability to prevent some grisly , world - ending event in 2007 .
In 1996 , they find a way to sync the Island with the computer in the Swan station so that every time Desmond pushes the button , the Island goes back in time by 108 minutes .
Thus , many weird things about Lost ’s first and second season —
Locke ’s ability to walk , the Others ’ infertility problems — can be explained by the Island ’s being stuck in a repeating 108 - minute time loop in 1996 .
We ’d tell you if we actually understood it .
A scene - by - scene remake of Lost ’s original pilot .
In a move that may signal the start of a fruitful negotiation , Manny Pacquiao today said that he 's willing to take blood and urine testing up to 14 days before a fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. , a softening on his stance of 30 days the last time the two sat at the negotiating table .
From ESPN.com :
" I am willing to help the sport for the future of the sport .
I do not want to see anyone cheat or cheat this sport .
For that reason I am willing to consider taking blood [ tests ] as close as 14 days prior to the fight , as long as my opponent does the same , and it is not a lot of blood , just enough to test , " Pacquiao is quoted as saying on his official website .
Mayweather doing the same has never been an issue .
He just proved that with Shane Mosley , as the two underwent the random USADA testing .
Whether or not 14 days will be enough to appease Mayweather and his camp is another story , but it 's a bend if nothing else .
It shows that at least the window to negotiate usefully is cracked again , if not wide open .
My gut feeling is we wo n't see them fight this year , but that next year it might happen .
I want it this year .
I want it next .
It makes all the sense in the world , the public is craving it , and if you keep taking it off the stove , it 's just going to ruin what this fight really should be .
They both just dismantled top five welterweights in March and this past weekend in very big fights .
This fight is not going to get any hotter than it is right now .
Another jerk - around period where they each fight somebody again later this year will not be met well .
People will give up on the idea , and then if it comes around again next year , no one will have any good reason to believe it'll actually happen .
It 's not strictly now or never , but for this to be the fight it deserves to be , it 's now or never , I believe .
It could still be huge next year , but it 's unbelievably big right now .
Personally I loathe the " us versus them " mentality of the fight , and I truly dread the potentially ugly build - up and hype cycle , but the fight itself will be worth sitting through that garbage .
It 's time for everyone to check the egos , stop the excuses , and make the fight .
Everyone remotely involved with this possible fight has to know that they do not get any bigger .
It could be the most profitable fight any of them ever put on .
If dollars truly make sense , this can't be passed up again .
The Rev. Craig Groeschel said he ’s written plenty of books , but he believes his most recent will resonate with many people .
He outs himself as a former atheist , of sorts , in his latest tome that just arrived in bookstores .
It ’s odd , I know , to think that Groeschel , founder and senior pastor of Edmond - based , multisite megachurch LifeChurch.tv , is calling himself an atheist .
Well , he ’s saying he was a " Christian atheist ” at one time in his life , and that description surprises people .
" It ’s an oxymoron .
Those two words should n’t belong together , ” Groeschel said during a recent interview .
And in his new book , " The Christian Atheist : Believing in God But Living as If He Does n’t Exist ” ( Zondervan , $ 19.99 ) , Groeschel wrote that other people may find that the oxymoron fits them all too well .
He said he describes a Christian atheist as someone who believes in God but shows no real evidence of God in his or her life .
He said he prepared a sermon based on that time in his life when he fit that description .
He said he delivered the sermon in November 2008 , and many people received it with a spirit of deep repentance .
" Some of them said , ‘ I recognize I ’ve been lukewarm , and I have n’t been as sincere in my faith , ’ ” Groeschel said .
In his book , the pastor wrote that Christian atheism is a " fast - spreading spiritual pandemic which can poison , sicken and even kill eternally . ”
He wrote that he still battles the spiritual malady because it is so prevalent .
In our interview , he said one way to combat this spiritual disconnect is to recognize it for what it is — and to help others who may be suffering from it .
" It is a good book to give people who find themselves disconnected from the church or for people who believe in God but do n’t know Him personally , ” Groeschel said .
He said the believer ’s goal should be to throw off the self - serving behaviors that result from Christian atheism .
" We should be willing to lay down our lives to serve Him as His church . ”
Wendy Lineweaver sensed something was up when she arrived at a Ann Arbor warehouse last month for a hastily arranged memorial service for a fellow Hutaree member .
The warehouse ’s parking lot off Varsity Drive was empty , with the exception of a white moving truck .
Hutaree members had arrived in two cars about 6:10 p.m. after meeting at the Lineweaver 's home in Manchester an hour earlier .
Five of them would n't be going home that night .
A large sticker of Hutaree ’s distinctive green patch was plastered on the warehouse door , which Lineweaver thought was tacky because the Christian militia unit did n’t own the property .
The Hutaree patch .
When Lineweaver , her husband Ken , their 18 - year - old son , and five other Hutaree members walked inside , she was struck by the apparent lack of effort put into organizing the service .
A few sandwiches , some bags of chips and bottles of pop had been plopped on a table .
While members were there to mourn “ Dan , ” also known by his Hutaree name , “ Keebelik , ” his family was nowhere to be found .
On a cinderblock wall , " weird nicknames " were written in black marker , she said .
On their way inside , Hutaree leader David Stone had told them they would each have to select a name from the wall , she said .
Lineweaver had no idea what purpose the names served or who wrote them .
“ What it told me is that he had been in that warehouse before , ” she said .
Keebelik ’s " battle dress uniform " was draped over a chair sitting on a table , with a white candle lit beside it , Ken Lineweaver said .
Roughly 20 folding chairs were arranged around a brand new television hooked up to a DVD player .
At one point , Wendy Lineweaver saw a loft with boxes on it , but steps leading up to it were missing .
The first step was more than five feet above the floor .
“ All the stairs were freshly sawed off except the top two , ” she said .
Hutaree member " Scott , " who organized the service and told Stone that Keebelik had died , was there when everyone arrived .
Lineweaver said he was " extremely nervous . "
She wondered how he got there because she did n't see his nice truck with New Jersey license plates parked outside .
“ His voice was shaking when I spoke to him , ” she said .
“ I asked this Scott guy , ‘ How come you did n’t call us and tell us to bring some food ? ” she said .
According to Lineweaver , he replied , " Oh , I told Dave he does n’t need to worry about it . "
Despite the eerie feeling , everyone stayed at the service to honor Dan , the Lineweavers said .
Joshua Clough , Michael Meeks , David Stone 's wife Tina Stone and his son David Stone Jr. were the other Hutaree members there , Wendy Lineweaver said .
That made nine people total .
One has n't been seen or heard from since , Lineweaver said .
“ Every instinct was telling me to get out , but I liked Dan or thought I did , ” she said .
The phony service
Hutaree members helped themselves to some food , then sat down to share their memories of Dan.
Wendy Lineweaver told David Stone he would have to retire the Keebelik nickname because Dan had passed away .
He replied , “ Oh yeah , we ’re definitely gonna do that , ” she said .
Stone had been making up his own language , said Ken Lineweaver , who had a nickname of his own but could n't recall it .
Scott said his " wife " put together a slideshow , but was " sick , " so could n't make the service .
He turned on the DVD player and started the program .
There were photographs of Keebelik with a soundtrack of Hutaree 's favorite band , " Poker Face . "
The music was blaring .
Wendy Lineweaver noticed mistakes in the program , including a misspelling of Keebelik 's name and a reference to Hutaree as " The Hutaree . "
" There must have been about 15 red flags that I totally ignored , " she said .
There were photographs from David Stone 's wedding , pictures of Stone and Dan together and photographs of Joshua Stone 's wedding a couple weeks earlier .
Wendy Lineweaver remembered seeing Scott 's " wife " at the recent wedding and noticed how much effort she put into taking photographs .
“ She was taking pictures of everyone at all different angles , ” Lineweaver said .
The FBI raid
Fifteen minutes into the service , Scott tapped David Stone on the shoulder and motioned for Stone to follow him outside , Ken Lineweaver said .
The door slammed loudly behind them .
Everyone perked up .
“ We all looked at each other like , ' What in the hell was that ? ' ” he said .
The music was still blaring .
Twenty seconds ticked by .
Then more than 20 men in " riot gear " stormed in , carrying M - 4 assault rifles , Wendy Lineweaver said .
A law enforcement official walks out of an armored vehicle in a staging area in Hillsdale County , Mich .
during a search for a fugitive who is part of a Christian militia group March 29 .
Associated Press photo
“ Do n’t move !
Do n’t move ! ” they were yelling .
“ Everybody sat there and just stared at them , ” she said .
“ Nobody moved .
We all had this glazed look in our eyes like it was a joke .
I thought , ‘ What , is Dave testing us ? ”
Lineweaver looked at the men in their olive drab uniforms , Kevlar helmets and bulletproof vests , searching for something that would identify them .
“ Then I saw the FBI patches , ” she said .
Lineweaver said she told herself she would cooperate because she did n’t do anything wrong .
The agents ordered everyone to put their hands on the back of their heads and lock their fingers together .
One by one , Hutaree members were told to stand up against the wall with their backs to the agents , Wendy Lineweaver said .
Their hands were put in zip ties , their shoes removed , and they were assisted to a face - down position on the floor and searched , the Lineweavers said .
The reason no Hutaree members had weapons , Wendy Lineweaver said , was because they did n't carry them everywhere they went .
Members were not in uniforms , but in everyday clothing , Ken Lineweaver said .
David Stone , Tina Stone , David Stone Jr. , Joshua Clough and Michael Meeks were arrested , the Lineweavers said .
The Lineweavers were told they were n't being charged and were questioned in separate rooms .
Wendy Lineweaver was questioned for 45 minutes , but her husband and stepson were questioned for about two hours , she said .
Agents asked what they knew about Hutaree members building explosives or possessing automatic weapons , Lineweaver said .
Neither she nor her husband had any relevant information , she said .
Ken Lineweaver told AnnArbor.com no Hutaree members ever discussed explosives .
He attended about 10 Hutaree trainings , he said .
“ Nobody talked about making bombs , ” Lineweaver said .
" We never had any bomb - making classes and if somebody was , I never heard about it . ”
One agent asked Lineweaver if he hated the government , he said .
Lineweaver said he did n't .
“ We ( the people ) are the government , ” Lineweaver recalled telling the agent .
An agent asked Wendy Lineweaver whether she hated cops , she said .
Lineweaver said she explained she worked with Washtenaw County sheriff 's deputies to search for missing Bridgewater Township residents .
She told AnnArbor.com she does n't have any issues with local cops or federal law enforcement agents .
" Those guys that interviewed me are federal agents and they treated me with respect , ” she said .
“ Those guys were nice . ”
A traumatic experience
Lineweaver , her husband and their son returned home .
Lineweaver said her stepson went to bed , but she and her husband went to a Manchester Township home to talk to members of the Michigan Militia Corps Wolverines , 9th Division , 13th Brigade .
The members had just finished a meeting .
Michigan Militia member James Schiel , second from left , holds a debriefing with fellow members of the Michigan Militia , from left , Wendy Lineweaver and her two dogs Bella and Brix , and a member who goes by the name Chainsaw during the Bridgewater Township search .
Lon Horwedel | AnnArbor.com
" We went through the whole thing with those guys , and naturally they were upset , " she said .
" It 's just been horrible .
We did n't sleep for two days . "
Meanwhile , FBI agents in Michigan , Ohio and Indiana executed eight search warrants in a four - and - a - half hour span during the raids targeting Hutaree .
The indictment was n't unsealed until two days later .
That 's when the Lineweavers learned nine Hutaree members were accused of conspiring to levy war against the United States .
Among other allegations , investigators say members discussed killing a cop , then attacking the funeral procession motorcade with homemade bombs .
“ When the indictment got unsealed , it was really hard to believe that was the case , ” Wendy Lineweaver said .
“ It was a really hard pill to swallow . ”
Lineweaver is a nursing assistant , and her husband of nine years is a contractor .
They were members of the unit for roughly two years .
To join , someone simply had to show up for training , Ken Lineweaver said .
The Lineweavers said they are not aware of any Hutaree members making threats against law enforcement .
If someone wanted to harm a cop , Wendy Lineweaver said they would have had to get past her first .
She said she was n't aware of the e-mail prosecutors say David Stone sent Dec. 8 , 2008 , encouraging militia members to fight the ATF .
" We have nothing to hide , and we did n't have anything to do with it , " she said .
" I do n't condone any attack on any form of law enforcement . "
Scott , his wife and Dan
The Lineweavers suspect Scott and his " wife , " whose name they do n't recall , are both undercover agents .
They suspect Dan is an undercover agent or informant , they said .
FBI Special Agent Sandra Berchtold , a bureau spokeswoman in Detroit , declined to comment Friday about the memorial service .
The FBI has said an undercover agent infiltrated Hutaree .
Dan told the Lineweavers he was a former Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia ( SMVM ) member , but joined Hutaree because he liked the unit more .
SMVM members have said they cooperated in the FBI 's probe .
But SMVM spokesman Mike Lackomar said Friday he 's never heard of Dan .
Dan appeared to be in his mid-50s and complained of minor health issues , the Lineweavers said .
At one training , his knee was hurting him , Ken Lineweaver said .
At another , he said he was n't feeling well , but simply wanted to watch .
When the Lineweavers look back on everything , one training in Manchester Township stands out , they said , but they do n't recall the date .
Dan had a bandage on his hand .
“ He said a " cop 's weapon discharged at a shooting range and grazed his hand , " Wendy Lineweaver said .
Lineweaver said she told him she felt bad for him .
Ken Lineweaver recalled the night of March 25 , when David Stone called to tell him about the memorial service that was scheduled for the 27th .
" He said Scott had called him , saying that Dan had died and his wife already had the funeral and come get this Hutaree ( expletive ) out of my house , " Lineweaver said .
The Lineweavers never met Dan 's wife .
Like Scott , they did n't know Dan 's last name .
Dan claimed to work for an auto company , they said .
When people showed up at trainings , Wendy Lineweaver said she did n't get involved in their business .
Waiting for the details
Of all the Hutaree members , the Lineweavers said they know Michael Meeks and Thomas Piatek the best .
Both men are charged in the indictment .
The Lineweavers cannot believe those two would be involved in illegal activity , they said .
Ken Lineweaver said he met Piatek at militia member Mark Koernke 's house in Dexter a couple years ago .
He met Meeks at an event Koernke attended in Livonia three years ago , he said .
Prosecutors say Meeks , an ex-Marine , was a heavy gunner and trusted member of Hutaree 's inner-circle .
Investigators say he made a hit list of federal judges and elected officials .
Wendy Lineweaver said she never heard of any such list .
" That 's what I 'm most upset about is Mike , " she said .
" He would have run a million miles the other way had he even had a whiff of any of this . "
This combo of eight photos provided by the U.S. Marshals Service shows from top left , David Brian Stone Sr. , 44 , of Clayton , Mich , ; David Brian Stone Jr. of Adrian , Mich , ; Tina Mae Stone ; Jacob Ward , 33 , of Huron , Ohio ; and bottom row from left , Michael David Meeks , 40 , of Manchester , Mich , ; Kristopher T. Sickles , 27 , of Sandusky , Ohio ; Joshua John Clough , 28 , of Blissfield , Mich . ; and Thomas William Piatek , 46 , of Whiting , Ind .
The Lineweavers were n't that close with David Stone , they said .
But when Wendy Lineweaver was around him , she never heard him preaching , she said .
" If I had thought these people were right - wing wacko Christian freaks , I would n't have even gone near them , " she said .
She acknowledges she was n't always around Hutaree members , including when prosecutors say David Stone gave a speech recorded by an undercover agent , saying it was " time to strike and take our nation back . "
Wendy Lineweaver is n't aware of a covert reconnaissance operation that prosecutors say Hutaree planned for this month that could have put an unsuspecting member of the public at risk .
" If there 's any validity to it , it would be really unfortunate that ( David ) would put his friends and family in danger like that , " she said .
Ken Lineweaver trained with Hutaree mostly because he enjoyed the exercise .
He liked playing capture the flag during training , he said .
" That was fun , " he said .
" We ’d split the group into two teams .
One team would go out and hide and the other team would try to find them until they walked into their ambush or whatever . ”
One time , David Stone set up fishing line during training on his Dover Township property and if somebody stumbled upon it , a " party popper " would go off , Lineweaver said .
Wendy Lineweaver wants people to know that the word Hutaree does n't mean anything , she said .
" Dave said it just sounded cool - that 's why he picked it , " she said .
The Lineweavers estimate there were about 20 members in the unit .
It was n't sophisticated enough to carry out any of the alleged plans , Wendy Lineweaver said .
" They could n't have planned their way out of a paper sack , " she said .
" Trying to make these bozos into a paramilitary organization is ludicrous . "
Ken Lineweaver is waiting to see how it plays out in court .
“ I ’d like to see the truth come out about what really went on , ” he said .
“ I hope and pray that happens .
Was Dave really plotting to do this ?
I ’d like to find that out . ”
Wendy Lineweaver said : " It 's best to reserve judgment . "
" These guys are innocent until proven guilty . "
Lee Higgins is a reporter for AnnArbor.com .
He can be reached by phone at ( 734 ) 623-2527 and email at leehiggins@annarbor.com .
Technology brings more and more talented artists to the surface , who create astonishing digitally manipulated images on every possible theme , illustrating everything that you could possibly imagine .
But , we still have the " classics " , for whom the pencil and paper are the genuine and compulsory materials in creating works of art .
And this is what we are going to present to you today .
50 outstanding portraits of women created by the technique of traditional drawing , without any digital manipulation .
Some of them can easily trick the eye into believing that they are real photos of real people , that 's how beautiful and expressive they are .
True masterpieces .
Keira
Rihanna
Keira as Guinevere
Adriana Lima
Avril Lavigne
The Soulcatcher
Alice Cullen
Ingrid Bergman
Bride
Sensual
Woman with a Hat
Jolie
From This Day Forward
Miley Cyrus
Halle Close -up
Marilyn Monroe
Phoenix
My Dearest Big Sister Emmy
Christine
Hong Kong Singer
Shiny Obsession
Flower Girl - Purple Rose
Britney Spears
Just Smile
Dreams Through Glass
Keira Knightley
Passion
Shy Woman
Harriet
Monica Bellucci
Aya Ueto
It Was Like Magic
Hayden Panettiere
Do You Love Him ?
Milla Jovovich
Piercing Glance
Charlize Theron
Breathe Me
Bereaved
Realistic Portrait of Allison
Drawn Face III ( Alison )
Amalgam , 2010
Drawn Face IV ( Anna ) , 2007
As You Are Now , 2007
Dawn , 2009
Mischa
Jessica Biel
Vivian leigh - Golden Era
Grace Kelly
Taylor Swift
Author : krzysztof20d Author : krzysztof20d Author : krzysztof20d Author : tomjogi Author : SilentDeath007 Author : SilentDeath007 Author : R-becca Author : Hongmin Author : Faith Author : Faith Author : Linda Huber Author : Linda Huber Author : Linda Huber Author : Linda Huber Author : Linda Huber Author : Linda Huber Author : paullung Author : paullung Author : paullung Author : paullung Author : Zindy Author : Zindy Author : Zindy Author : Zindy Author : Zindy Author : Bereaved Author : Bereaved Author : Bereaved Author : Bereaved Author : Bereaved Author : Bereaved Author : gabbyd70 Author : evenstar13 Author : evenstar13 Author : Tunaferit Author : Lorelai82 Author : Lorelai82 Author : Lorelai82 Author : Lorelai82 Author : Faith Te Author : Dirk Dzimirsky Author : Dirk Dzimirsky Author : Dirk Dzimirsky Author : Dirk Dzimirsky Author : Dirk Dzimirsky Author : Anna-Mariaa Author : rdhotartist Author : Hongmin Author : Hongmin Author : R-becca
suitep :
On just two evenings of the year the sun sets directly in line with the worlds longest straight stretch of railway line ; over 500 km spanning across the vast Nullarbor Plain in South Australia . ( via )
Singapore 's economy grew by 15.5 % compared with the year - ago quarter , according to the revised data released by the Ministry of Trade and Industry .
This was faster than the 13.1 % growth estimated previously .
The economy grew 4 % from a year earlier in the fourth quarter .
The city - state economy expanded by 38.6 % in the January - March quarter on a seasonally - adjusted annualized basis from the prior quarter , faster than a preliminary reading of 32.1 % released in April , the Trade Ministry figures showed .
Output in the manufacturing sector during the first quarter grew 32.9 % from a year earlier , stronger than the initial estimate of a 30 % rise , while the services sector grew 10.9 % year - to - year , greater than the 8.4 % increase projected in April .
Growth in the construction sector was revised upward to 13.7 % as against 11.3 % in preliminary data .
The government maintained its forecast of 7 % to 9 % GDP growth in 2010 .
The ministry said that the gains were driven by growth in the manufacturing sector , which expanded 32.9 % year - on - year , while the services sector grew 10.9 % .
" Developments in recent weeks suggest that downside risks have also intensified .
First , there is heightened market anxiety over the possibility of a sovereign debt default in Europe , " the ministry said .
" If these risks materialise , they could affect the global recovery and negatively impact Singapore . "
The trade ministry also warned that excessive asset price inflation in emerging Asia remains a concern and that if investor sentiment were to deteriorate or if more monetary tightening measures are taken by Asian countries , there could be sharp corrections in asset prices .
" The concern over asset price appreciation is therefore one of too much , too fast , " said , Ravi Menon , Permanent Secretary in the Trade Ministry .
Menon also said that a default by a European country would have negative consequences for the rest of the world , and it was hard to predict the full extent of the impact at this juncture if that were to happen .
" However , what is certain is that growth in the EU will remain weak due to the debt crisis ....
If the debt crisis leads to a sharp depreciation of the euro , euro - zone demand for exports from Asia could be affected , " he said .
The EU was the second largest trading partner for Singapore in the first quarter that ended March 31 .
A young Irish couple with a toddler have been left devastated after reportedly finding out they are , in fact , half brother and sister .
The pair , who grew up far apart and met two years ago , told Britain 's The Mail on Sunday newspaper that DNA testing last month revealed they share the same father .
The young man , who is known only as " James " , was unable to find out the truth about his family background because of secrecy surrounding Irish family law .
The couple , aged in their 20s , are now planning to undertake a landmark civil case against a judge and a child psychologist who were involved in James 's case .
" When we found out that we were half - brother and half - sister , we were devastated , " said James , who has decided to keep his family 's identity a secret for the sake of their son .
' Check it Out ! with Dr. Steve Brule ' : Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim on John C. Reilly 's ' Awesome Show ' spin - off .
For your health !
My favorite TV doctor is not to be found on House or Grey ’s Anatomy , but the far more demented environs of Adult Swim ’s Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job !
I refer , of course , to Dr. Steve Brule , a nervy , idiotic , and possibly insane health worker , played by John C. Reilly , whose ill - conceived advice about such problems as body stench and being on fire redefines the concept of “ hilariously hopeless . ”
Well , now the folks at Adult Swim have given the not - so - good doctor his own show , Check it Out ! with Dr. Steve Brule , which premieres Sunday , May 16 at 12.30 am .
After the break , Awesome Show stars and creators Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim give us a taste of the madness to come .
For your health !
ENTERTAINMENT
WEEKLY : What can Awesome Show fans expect from Check it Out !?
ERIC WAREHEIM :
Well , this is his own news program that Dr. Steve Brule and his buddy Denny put together .
It ’s like an expanded version of the Dr. Steve Brule segments from the show .
You ’re going to see a lot of interviews .
You go into his character a lot more .
You figure out what he ’s afraid of , what he likes .
You find all this information out through interviews with different people
Is he interviewing “ real ” people ?
TIM HEIDECKER : He ’s interviewing real people .
But the comedy is not necessarily about fooling these people .
It ’s more the character of Steve Brule being completely clueless and a really strange guy .
It ’s a show that genuinely feels like this guy made it himself .
It ’s as if it ’s 4:30 in the morning he had snuck into the studio to make this show without getting permission .
It ’s bare bones .
Lots of technical problems .
Just a mess .
The whole thing is a big mess .
A big beautiful mess .
Would you care to offer a comment on the comedy genius of John C. Reilly ?
EW : This show is equally about him as it is “ Tim and Eric . ”
He improvises a huge part of it .
He just goes deep into his character .
If you watch the Awesome Show , at the very beginning , he ’s a normal , nervous , man , and over the seasons he becomes really f—ed up .
And on Check It Out !
he ’s at a level of insanity that ’s really funny to watch .
He really brought it for this character .
I interviewed him a couple of years ago and when I raised the subject of Steve Brule he said , “ Yeah , that ’s one crazy doctor ! ” as if the character was someone he knew , rather than one he played .
Jeff was excited by his new project .
His company wanted to add an ASP.
NET interface to the same database used by one of their Windows Forms applications .
For this company , " application integration " meant that two programs looked at the same database .
Any change to a database and every application using it had to be updated , individually .
Since Jeff 's first day at the company , he had been frustrated by the lack of code reuse , and this was a text - book example of where code reuse should work .
He could grab the Windows team 's DAL and business layer , slap a web front end , get the project done in a fraction of the time allotted for it , and make sure future maintenance helped both applications .
Optimistically , it could be a model for future applications in his company .
" No , " Carl , the project lead for the Windows side of development said .
Carl glared at him like Jeff had been bitten by a zombie and might turn at any moment .
" Your web application is a different application , and I do n't see why you want any of our code . "
" It 's the same application , " Jeff protested .
" We 're accessing the same data , doing the same things with it .
The only thing that 's changed is how we show it to the user . "
" I do n't want to have to deal with any confusion , " Carl said .
" This is n't a simple application .
We can't just do what you want .
I guess I could give you the DAL framework we used to build our DAL , I suppose . "
Over the course of the next week , the battle continued , in meetings , emails and conference calls .
Carl , a twenty year veteran with the company , had more knowledge of the political terrain and out maneuvered Jeff .
Jeff had to strike his colors and accept the framework objects Carl was offering .
A little code re-use was better than none .
But Carl came back with some extra rules .
" You can't put your DAL classes in the same project as the Windows ones .
And you should prefix all of your DAL classes with the word ' Web ' so no one grabs the wrong code . "
" Ignoring the fact that is idiotic , " Jeff replied , " why would we do that ?
The UI and the DAL are completely separate .
It does n't matter how we present the data , the DAL is just fetching it . "
The meeting did n't end in a fist - fight , but Jeff 's manager had to step in and smooth over the roughed up egos .
Carl 's rules stood , as absurd as they seemed to Jeff .
Jeff inspected the code Carl had provided .
It had a rather unusual requirement for a DAL : the caller had to pass in a Windows .
Forms .
Form object , along with a ProgressBar and a StatusBar .
Jeff read through the code and found the DAL framework updated the ProgressBar and StatusBar while it waited for results from the database .
Jeff emailed Carl an apology : " I withdraw my comments about the DAL and the UI being separate concerns .
I was apparently mistaken . "
No sanely developed ASP.
NET app would have access to Windows Forms objects .
For the umpteenth time in his tenure , he re-invented the wheel and wrote his own DAL and business layer .
In the end , Jeff was probably better off for it .
The first rule of code reuse is that the code needs to be worth re-using .
The Might of Thanos
Thanos is alive , and in Guardians of the Galaxy # 25 , the team has to band together and somehow figure out how to defeat him .
However , the issue starts out with something else : a look at the Guardians of the Galaxy of the future .
Starhawk is concerned that the past is not safe , since the “ error ” is n’t accounted for .
He brings this concern to the council of all future Guardians of the Galaxy .
Starhawk believes that the error comes exactly from the current time period , when the modern Guardians of the Galaxy were formed .
He then notes that he found something new in the historical records : Star - Lord talking about Thanos .
Back on the Universal Church of Truth ’s homeworld , the Guardians arrive to check things out in response to the telepathic messages Moondragon received from Martyr .
Drax the Destroyer senses Thanos , and they bump into Gamora , Major Victory , Cosmo , and Mantis , running away from him .
Gamora gives the sad news that Martyr is dead , and Thanos starts ploughing into them .
This leads to a massive melee , since Moondragon cannot believe that she has been parted from her love once again and wants revenge .
The battle ends when Star - Lord whips out the Cosmic Cube , having realized that , because of the Magus ’ illusion , he never got to use it that one last time .
Thanos stops being feral and collapses , though he first delivers the ultimatum that everyone and everything will die for having brought him back .
Back in the future , Starhawk says that Thanos is the error and that history is not safe again .
Then , in the present , the reunited Guardians mourn the loss of Martyr and Adam Warlock , and Star - Lord makes a rather unfortunately fateful statement about what the worst thing is that could happen .
Well , the Thanos Imperative is all set up .
And the main plot point that Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning have been setting up from day one on this series , about the future tense and all that stuff , will finally be resolved .
It ’s great work on their part that they ’re tying together the classic and the modern Guardians teams .
I guess I ca n’t be too upset about Thanos being feral , since that obviously has some kind of plot significance that will be explained in the Thanos Imperative .
However , I will find him much more frightening once he has all his mental faculties back .
In the end , the main complaint I have about this issue is one that a lot of people hae had about the series since day one , since it ’s one of the only possible complaints you could make : its treatment of Martyr .
The poor girl lost her girlfriend , got her back by losing her powers and becoming an avatar of death , then died .
And this is after all the crap that ’s happened before to her , with her brother and becoming Quasar , you ’d think she ’d get a break .
As an avatar of death , she ’ll almost certainly be coming back later , so I guess we can just hope she ’ll get treated better later .
Brad Walker ’s art was also a welcome change from Wesley Craig’s .
While I still wish Paul Pelletier were back , it ’s nice to see stuff that is n’t so ridiculously stylized all the time , since that kind of art really does n’t fit this book .
Unfortunately , he ’s still got trouble with Drax ’s lips .
Oh well .
At any rate , I really hope that this book is n’t actually going to be canceled .
I hope that it ’s really just a hiatus with the Thanos Imperative , since I love this book so much .
I ’ve had so much fun reading it , so please let this just be an actual hiatus .
Abnett and Lanning forever !
Plot : 9.0 Art : 8.8 Dialogue : 9.1 Overall : 9.0
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attempted car bomb attack in New York ’s Times Square , a statement on an Islamist website said on Sunday .
It was not immediately possible to verify the authenticity of the claim .
Security officials have urged caution , saying there could be links to other Islamist groups or to a domestic cause in the United States .
“ The Pakistani Taliban announces its responsibility for the New York attack in revenge for the two leaders al - Baghdadi and al - Muhajir and Muslim martyrs , ” said a statement on a website commonly used by Islamists .
Al Qaeda ’s Iraq leader Abu Ayyub al - Masri -- also known as Abu Hamza al - Muhajir -- and Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , the purported head of its local affiliate , the Islamic State of Iraq , were killed last month .
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said on Sunday that the car bomb defused in New York ’s Times Square may have been a terrorist attack .
Officials held off identifying who might be responsible for the crude device , made of propane , gasoline , and fireworks .
Police found the car bomb , which was defused on Saturday evening , in a sport utility vehicle when the area was packed with tourists and theater - goers .
The al Qaeda - backed Pakistani Taliban is waging a bloody campaign marked by repeated suicide attacks to topple the U.S. - supported Pakistani government .
The Afghan Taliban shares the group ’s anti-Western views and its ethnic Pashtun identity but has refrained from attacking the Pakistani government .
The Pakistani Taliban suffered a series of setbacks over the past year during Pakistani army offensives in their strongholds , including South Waziristan , which killed hundreds of militants and destroyed their bases .
But the group surprised observers with its apparent involvement a suicide bomb attack near Khost in eastern Afghanistan on December 30 .
that killed seven CIA employees in the second worst attack in the spy agency ’s history .
Its leader Hakimullah Mehsud appeared in a video showing him sitting beside a Jordanian militant who crossed over Pakistan ’s border and carried out the attack .
The Islamist website ( here ) said that Qari Hussain Mehsud , known as the master mentor of Taliban suicide bombers , accepted responsibility for the failed New York attack " with great pride and utmost bravery . "
Mehsud , a cousin of Hakimullah Mehsud , is considered one of the most powerful Taliban leaders .
A video made by “ Taliban News ” on YouTube had a prepared video with English subtitles claiming responsibility for the attempted New York attack , but the video was quickly taken down and is now unavailable .
Hakimullah Mehsud was widely believed to have been killed by a U.S. missile strike in South Waziristan in January but on April 29 , Pakistani intelligence officials said they believed he was alive , contradicting earlier comments .
Washington , while cautious about making pronouncements about Mehsud ’s fate , said it was clear he was no longer “ operational ” or in charge of the group .
If it is confirmed Mehsud is alive , it would be a blow for the CIA , which had intensified drone attacks after Mehsud appeared in the video with the Jordanian .
At the very least , it ’s probably not nearly as good as it should be .
As a pathological job - hopper who sees one company after another wasting hidden hours and days on insufficient database change control strategies , I ’m sick of it .
So how does my company handle database changes ?
I ’ve asked this of potential employers many times , and I usually just get blank stares , or a vague answer along the line of “ uh … with scripts ? ”
Sometimes , if they are honest , they just reply “ poorly . ”
There ’s not even an explicit Joel Test for it .
Considering how bad the situation is at most companies , the real test is not whether their database change management is any good , but just whether they are willing to recognize how problematic it really is .
Given how much thought and effort goes into source code control and change management at many of these same companies , it is confusing and a little unsettling that so much less progress has been made on the database change management front .
Many developers can give you a 15 minute explanation of their source code strategy , why they are doing certain things and referencing books and blog posts to support their approach , but when it comes to database changes it is usually just an ad - hoc system that has evolved over time and everyone is a little bit ashamed of it .
Hopefully we can get to the bottom of why this is and come up with a few ways to make it better .
It ’s not like the database is important , is it ?
I like you , but not in that way
So why do n’t developers think about databases the same way that they think about source code ?
The most obvious reason is that database changes are fundamentally different in many ways .
While source code is usually just a collection of files that recompiled , versioned , and released at any given time , databases are much more temperamental .
They have existing data , and they have history .
Sure , source code has history , which you can review for reference purposes , but in databases the historical lineage of a table is actually very important .
In C# , if you added a field to a class , and then a week later someone else changed the type , and then a month later someone else changed the name , it usually does n’t really matter too much when or in what order those changes happened , all that matters is the current state of the code and that everything builds together and works in its latest state .
However , if you were to do the same thing to a new field in a table , it definitely makes a difference , because there are data implications at every step of the way .
This alone scares a lot of developers away from maintaining the database .
To many developers , there is something fundamentally uncontrollable about databases .
They do n’t fit into the safe model that we ’re use to .
Managing those changes is definitely introduces new challenge , and many developers just do n’t want to be bothered .
Doing Business As
Another major reason for the difference is just cultural .
Developers want the database to work well , and they may even like tinkering around with some stored procedures from time to time , but at the end of the day they like to be able to wash their hands of anything that slightly resembles being a “ DBA ” .
When you compare the DBAs ( database administrators ) and SCMs ( stupid code monkeys ) , often times there is just a different way of looking at the world .
Developers often see themselves as the general of a utilitarian army of code that they build and train and then order off to carry out their mission , and they usually wo n’t hesitate to trash it all and replace it if it proves itself unable to complete the mission .
DBAs on the other hand are used to dealing with gentle lion that could easily lose it temper and kill everyone in the room if it ’s not treated with kindness and respect .
Developers often have the option to wipe the slate clean and start over , and usually want to , especially when they are dealing with someone else ’s code .
DBAs however are stuck with the original version and they need to keep it alive and make it work until the point that the data can be migrated to a better system , and we all secretly know that is never going to happen .
Code source control is an over - ripe banana
As developers , we are awash with tools and techniques for managing our source code changes .
We have a seemingly endless number of source control platforms to choose from , each with more features than we could every possibly need or even understand , and some people build entire careers around defining complicated branching and merging strategies for massive codebases .
I figured for a while that the ideas of practical source control where pretty well nailed down , but then you read Eric ’s Sink ’s posts on Distributed Version Control Systems , and get an idea of how quickly the field is continuing to evolve .
At some internal IT department , a group of developers is toiling away on a set of dull yet fabulously enterprise -y software that five people will use .
Jimmy checks his code changes into his company ’s version control system of choice , where it is automatically held at the gates until it is code - reviewed by a senior developer , and then it is checked into the team ’s current release branch .
Meanwhile the continuous integration build server will download , compile , package , and unit test the code to make sure that Jimmy has n’t broken anything , and that nobody else ’s changes broke Jimmy .
The package code is then migrated through an integration environment , QA environment , UAT environment , and staging environment on its way to production .
All the while , as the changes are validated from one environment to another , version numbers are automatically assigned to allow anyone to trace back the exact revision for a given build , and the corresponding code changes slowly work their way towards the code - release promised land , the Main Trunk .
Those branches can get pretty damned complicated , even when everything is going smoothly , and it never goes smoothly .
Hopefully this is a process that Jimmy ’s company evolved out of mixture of necessity and forethought over the years .
The other , less attractive , and far more common scenario is that the company hired an astronaut trapped in a developer ’s body , bored with his work and not bound by any sense of urgency , who assured the company that he was going to implement a lot of big complicated processes because that ’s just want professional companies do .
In the end , a whole lot of people are paying a whole lot of attention to managing the source code .
Hopefully at your company , you are paying attention to this to .
Databases , the redheaded stepchild of source control
Now ask yourself , how does Jimmy handle database changes ?
For example , say that all database changes need to be checked into an isolated directory in source control ; after all we ’re not savages .
However , since they do n’t really “ build ” a database , that a directory which is ignored by their continuous integration server .
This in turn breaks the unit tests that are pointing to the integration database server , so Jimmy then needs to run those scripts manually in the integration environment .
In this process , Jimmy sees other database scripts that were checked in recently in the same source control directory , but he has no way to know which scripts have already been applied to the integration server .
For the briefest moment , Jimmy considers applying those scripts as well , just to make sure that the integration server is fully up - to - date , but then he realizes that he ca n’t be sure which scripts have already been run without manually comparing the schema and scripts to see which have been applied , and this would make Jimmy the defacto owner for any issue that arise because of it .
With his own tasks and deadlines to worry about , Jimmy does n’t have the time or patience for this silliness , so he just deploys his scripts , forgets about the others , and hopes for the best .
It ’s worth noting here that this is the kind of things that can silently kill software quality .
A motivated developer just tried to make things a little better , but the process was so frustratingly inadequate that it was impractical for him to do so .
Software companies depend on their developers taking the initiative to improve things , and when they are discouraged from doing so , either by person or by process , the company will slowly slide backwards into mediocrity , and it will drag every developer ’s morale with them .
Now once Jimmy makes the changes to the integration server database , that also breaks some other developers that have been using that server for their development .
Those developers now need to stop and download the latest code changes to get back in sync , cursing Jimmy ’s name the whole way .
Anyhow , during the next deployment to QA , someone needs to remember that these specific changes need to get deployed .
Since there is no defined strategy for tying database changes to code changes , every time code is deployed there is a little bit of confusion around exactly which database changes need to be released , which were already released , and what order the scripts need to be run in .
Jimmy is getting upset .
Another darker possibility is that instead Jimmy needs to submit his changes to the database review board , a collection of detached idealists , college professors without the college , who will criticize every aspect of the scripts in order to justify their existence , but will not really offer any true value because they do n’t understand the business problem that needs to be solved , nor do they appreciate the application considerations beyond the database that need to be satisfied .
One of the long term impacts of this is that Jimmy will look for any possible way to accomplish what he is trying to do without making database changes , because , in his colorful youthful vernacular , “ making changes to the database is a sodding bitch . ”
And if he does indeed need to change the database , he ’ll try to accomplish it just by changing stored procedures , because changing table schemas are even worse .
In the end , he ’s definitely not trying to find the appropriate solution to the problem ; instead he backed into a situation of being forced to find a “ good - enough ” solution that will minimize his hassle , regardless of the downstream impacts .
From now on , he ’ll look for any way he can accomplish it by only changing stored procedures and not changing the underlying schema .
If he ’s lucky ( sort of ) , he ’ll find a way that he can just kludge the stored procedures to work around the problem for now , and let it be someone else ’s problem to solve later .
He has long since given up trying to find the “ right ” solution , because it is so exhausting the current state of things is so busted up that it ’s not even worth trying anymore .
Further complicating the issue , some developers and DBAs make one - off changes in the QA and production environments without going through source control .
Either they need to make an emergency fix in one of the environments and forget to go back and add the scripts to source control , or worse they just do n’t believe that databases should be under source control ( I ’ve seen this attitude far too often from some DBAs , because they ca n’t stand the idea of being forced to use a source control system managed by some other developers , just so that they can make changes to their own database ) .
Pretty soon , every environment is a perverted branch of the one true database , and trying to identify why a test works in one environment and fails in another quickly becomes a nightmare .
Some day , things will be different !
So what ’s the solution ?
Well , in my humble opinion , we need something like this :
The database must be versioned , so that it is easy to tell which changes have applied and when they were applied .
All database changes must be checked into source control .
All database changes can tied to the code changes that they affect , ideally checked into source control as a part of the same changeset transaction .
The database changes are built along with the code changes .
The database changes are deployed along with the code changes .
The continuous integration server must be able to build and update its own copy of the database , so that it can run automated tests of code and scripts that are checked in at the same time .
I ’ve seen some companies that have had home - grown utilities that come close to accomplishing this , but in the end they all fell just a little bit short , which is not too bad .
However , the vast majority of companies I ’ve seen were not even in the ball park .
Some of you are probably asking , “ does n’t Visual Studio Team System ” do this ?
Yeah , I think so .
Probably , but who knows .
Honestly I tried working with it a few times , and it caused me nothing but problems .
Sure , I could spend a lot of time mastering all the quirks , but I ’m looking for something a little bit more accessible here .
The underlying concepts are hard enough ; we need an approach that simplifies it , and I just do n’t think that VSTS accomplishes that .
More importantly , and also along the lines of accessibility , VSTS costs a fortune , and so most developers will never have access to it , so I ’d like to fine something that can work for the other 95 % of developers out there that are stuck using reasonably - priced tools .
What about Red Gate ’s SQL Compare and SQL Data Compare products ?
Absolutely , they tools are indeed awesome products that can prove invaluable in many cases .
However , they are often leveraged once an unknown number of database changes have already been made by an unknown number of people .
However , I think the better solution , whenever possible , is to step back and track the changes as they come in , proactively considering the changes , just like we do for regular source code , which allows for far more robust change management and accountability for the database .
So that ’s the idea .
In the next few weeks I ’ll have some more posts on this topic , getting into some more specifics about how to solve this .
Hopefully we can find a simple , easy to manage solution , that developers can adapt to quickly , and which promotes database changes to the first - class citizen of the change management world that it deserves to be .
Big Boi has finally released the official music video for Shutterbug , and it is predictably unpredictable , as most Outkast videos are .
We see women bodypopping in Tron - style outfits , an autotuned muppet band accompaniment , and some sexy ladies ( standard ) .
Enjoy .
August 25 , 2001 : Automated Landing Technology Developed for US Military Tested on Civilian Plane
The US Air Force successfully tests the use of a military technology component that will land planes entirely by autopilot .
The component is installed on a commercial airliner .
The test takes place at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico and uses a Boeing 727 .
The component for automated landing used by the military is called the Joint Precision Approach and Landing System , or JPALS .
The JPALS is a differential GPS ground station developed by Raytheon .
It was designed to become interoperable with civilian systems utilizing the same GPS - based technology .
The civilian counterpart to the JPALS is known as the Local Area Augmentation System ( LAAS ) .
Both the JPALS and the LAAS use GPS data sufficiently accurate to allow a plane ’s autopilot to land safely without human intervention .
The test demonstrates that “ the JPALS and LAAS will provide an interoperable landing capability for military and civil applications , ” according to a Raytheon announcement ( see also August 2000 ) .
[ SpaceDaily , 10/1/2001 ] Entity Tags : Raytheon Timeline Tags : US Military
( September 12 - 17 , 2001 ) : FAA Investigator Astonished at Precision of Four Hijacked Planes After arriving at FAA headquarters on September 12 , Tony Ferrante , the manager of FAA investigations , spends several days working out the movements of the four hijacked planes .
He is astonished at the precision with which they were flown towards their targets , later saying : “ [ I ]t was almost as though it was choreographed . …
It ’s not as easy as it looks to do what they did at 500 miles an hour . ”
He concludes that either the hijackers were better pilots than originally thought , or they were aided by additional equipment such as radios to communicate among the four planes or handheld Global Positioning System ( GPS ) equipment .
[ Freni , 2003 , pp. 74 and 76 ]
9/11 Commission investigators will in fact later speculate that the hijackers may have purchased GPS devices , “ so they could determine the latitude and longitude of their intended targets . ”
According to a summary of a Commission interview , “ Any autopilot changes made by the terrorist pilots to assist them in navigating to predetermined coordinates would simply have been to enter a specific location such as Newark or Reagan National ” Airport .
However , airline personnel will tell the 9/11 Commission investigators that “ Entering changes to the autopilot is something that terrorist pilots probably would not have been trained or able to do . ”
Even a United Airlines senior pilot , who instructs on how to do this , says “ he always has to pause before he makes such corrections to make sure to remember how to enter the change . ” [ 9/11 Commission ,
11/17/2003 ] Entity Tags : Tony Ferrante Timeline Tags : Complete 911 Timeline , 9/11 Timeline
Dorothy Stang was shot six times and left lying in the mud
A court in Brazil has convicted a second rancher for ordering the murder in 2005 of US nun and environmental activist Dorothy Stang .
Regivaldo Galvao was sentenced to 30 years in prison by the court in Belem .
Prosecutors said Galvao and his accomplice Vitalmiro Moura had hired gunmen to kill the 73 - year - old nun .
Prosecutors said she was murdered because she had blocked Galvao and Moura from seizing land the government had given to Amazonian farmers .
Galvao's defence lawyers are still to decide whether to appeal .
Moura was also sentenced to 30 years in prison earlier this month .
The killing in Para state caused an outcry in Brazil and internationally .
Dorothy Stang had worked in the Amazon for 30 years to preserve the rainforest and protect the rights of rural workers against large - scale farmers to take their land .
She was shot dead as she walked along a muddy rainforest track in the town of Anapu in Para , a northern frontier state where loggers and ranchers have deforested huge tracts of rainforest .
The Hilton Head Area Association of Realtors has awarded Bill True the Silver Service Award for his 25 + years as an Island Realtor .
True is co-owner of Lancaster Real Estate Sales and specializes in home , villa and lot sales in Sea Pines , Forest Beach and Palmetto Dunes .
True graduated from the University of Texas and earned an MBA from Texas State .
He has been an island resident since 1985 .
In a televised speech South Korean President Lee Myung - Bak said his government would suspend trade with Pyongyang , push for UN sanctions and retaliate to any " provocative act by the North " , in response to the deadly March 26 torpedo attack .
Advertising Read more
AFP - South Korea Monday halted trade with North Korea as part of a package of reprisals for the sinking of one of its warships , drawing strong US support but threats of attack from the communist state .
President Lee Myung - Bak also banned the North 's merchant ships from South Korean waters and said Seoul would refer the March 26 attack -- which killed 46 sailors -- to the United Nations Security Council for punishment .
In a nationally televised address , a sombre - looking Lee vowed an immediate military response to any future aggression .
He said South Korea had in the past repeatedly tolerated the North 's " brutality . "
" But now things are different .
North Korea will pay a price corresponding to its provocative acts , " he said , demanding an apology for the sinking of the Cheonan , a 1,200 - tonne corvette .
US President Barack Obama directed his administration to review North Korea policy , and commanded his armed forces to work closely with South Korea " to ensure readiness and to deter future aggression , " the White House said .
But the North 's military threatened to open fire at any South Korean loudspeakers broadcasting propaganda across the border if Seoul follows through on its pledge to install them as part of the reprisals .
" From now on , ( South ) Korea will not tolerate any provocative act by the North and will maintain the principle of proactive deterrence , " Lee said .
" If our territorial waters , airspace or territory are violated , we will immediately exercise our right of self - defence . "
Analysts predicted cross - border tensions would remain high for months but said major conflict was unlikely .
EN NW GRAB NATHALIE TOURRET.wmv
it
A multinational investigation team last Thursday reported finding " overwhelming evidence " that a North Korean submarine fired a heavy torpedo which sank the Cheonan near the disputed border .
The United States and numerous other nations have condemned the attack , seen in Seoul as one of the worst provocations since the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The North 's ally China , which wields a Security Council veto , has only called on all sides to show restraint .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , during her current visit to Beijing , is pressing China to get tough with its wayward ally .
She goes on to Seoul Wednesday .
" We are working hard to avoid an escalation , " Clinton told reporters during a break from talks , adding she was in " very intensive consultations " in Beijing .
" This is a highly precarious situation that the North Koreans have caused in the region , one that every country that neighbours or is in proximity to North Korea understands must be contained . "
Japan said it supported Seoul 's push for Security Council punishment and was also studying more sanctions of its own against Pyongyang .
Seoul 's Defence Minister Kim Tae - Young said the US and South Korean navies would soon stage an anti-submarine drill off the west coast and his government would resume the border broadcasts halted six years ago .
The North says the South has faked evidence of its involvement in the Cheonan 's sinking as part of a plot to ignite conflict .
It threatens " all - out war " in response to any punitive moves .
A spokesman for North Korea 's National Defence Commission , the country 's top body and chaired by leader Kim Jong - Il , described Lee as a " traitor " and termed his speech " another clumsy farce " designed to cover up the conspiracy .
The North 's military has separately expressed anger at new moves to wage psychological warfare , vowing to open fire at propaganda posters or loudspeakers on the southern side .
In his strongly worded speech , delivered symbolically from Seoul 's war memorial , Lee said trade and exchanges would be suspended since any cooperation was " meaningless " under present circumstances .
He exempted the jointly run Kaesong industrial estate just north of the border , and humanitarian aid for the North 's children , from the trade cut - off .
Yang Moo-Jin , of Seoul 's University of North Korean Studies , said Lee had " declared an era of cold war " and tensions would escalate further .
" A limited military conflict is always possible but the two Koreas are expected to show restraint as the superpowers around the peninsula will not let it go too far , " Yang told AFP .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
For thousands of athletes , cutting weight is a critical science .
Heavyweights are an exception .
( Photo : MMAWeekly )
Gaining 34 pounds of lean mass in 28 days ?
Impossible , or so claim the skeptics .
Losing 20 + pounds of fat in one month without exercise ?
Impossible , or so claim the skeptics .
So let ’s add another item to the list of impossibles : I have lost more than 20 pounds in less than 24 hours on more than a dozen occasions .
The most extreme example was 33 lbs. — from 185 lbs. to 152 lbs. — in less than 20 hours , which produced a rather unpleasant 120 beat - per - minute resting pulse while attempting to sleep .
In 1999 , I was a gold medalist at the Sanshou ( Chinese kickboxing ) national championships in the 165 - lb. weight class ( here is a video sample of Sanshou ) .
This is perhaps the most controversial accomplishment in the 4HWW , as I make it clear :
I arrived the on - site at 187 lbs. , weighed in at 165 lbs. , and stepped on the platform to compete the next morning weighing 193 lbs .
This post will explain exactly how it ’s done — the techniques , the “ drugs ” , the science — and include excerpts from a series of articles I wrote for Powerlifting USA in 2004 called “ The New Technology of Water ” .
Even if you have no need to cut weight , after reading this , you will know more about organ function and hydration than 99 % of all athletes in the world …
The kickboxing anecdote was controversial because those who cried foul have never competed in weight - class - based sports .
This post will also therefore serve as a primer for armchair critics who should do more due diligence .
Cutting weight is a prerequisite for elite competition in such sports — period .
Matt “ Kroc ” Kroczaleski knows this .
He is one of the most successful powerlifters in history , with incredible totals at both 220 lbs. ( 970 - lb . squat , 661 - lb.
benchpress , 783- lb. deadlift = 2414 - lb. total ) and 242 lbs. ( 1008 - lb. squat , 666 - lb .
benchpress , 788- lb. deadlift = 2463 - lb. total ) .
Here is how he begins his 2007 article on cutting weight :
What follows is a brief summary of the process I have successfully used to cut up to 30 lbs in less than 24 hours .
( I went from 250 lbs to 219 lbs for the 2007 Arnold in 22 hours . )
I put it all back on in less than a day too .
I did this without any type of diuretics or IVs .
It was all done entirely through sweating to lose the weight and drinking / eating to replenish it .
This process was designed for competitions with a 24 - hour weigh in period prior to the competition .
Our methods are almost identical , and I ’ll include some of his suggestions .
Phase One – From 187 lbs. to 165 lbs .
Here we will examine , in practical terms , the necessary science of dehydration and the most effective modifiers and methods for attaining competition weight while minimizing muscle and organ damage .
It should be noted that dehydration can result in internal organ failure , coma , and even death , particularly when diuretics are used .
The death of Austrian bodybuilder Andreas Munzer should serve as a reminder of what can happen when the use of drugs like Aldactone and Lasix ( the latter and fast - acting insulin are arguably the two most dangerous drugs used in sports ) is taken lightly .
From a post - mortem article in The Observer :
His blood was viscous and slow - moving .
His potassium levels were excessively high .
He had been dehydrated by the diuretics he used in the days before his last competitions .
His liver was melting .
A post -mortem would find that it had dissolved almost completely .
The visible fibers of Munzer , who suffered multiple organ failures from diuretic abuse .
Not worth the risk .
Is this article then irresponsible ?
I think it ’s quite the opposite .
I ’m publishing it now because I ’m saddened to still read of athletes killing themselves with imprecise approaches .
It ’s a sad fact that weight - class based athletes will attempt this regardless , so I ’m trying to provide safer guidelines .
I do n’t want to encourage casual sex among high school students , either , but I ’m a realist and recognize that “ just say no and abstain ” does n’t work and results in unintended pregnancies , etc .
I ’d rather have an open discussion and offer education to those who will do it regardless , which is the vast majority .
I ’m of course obligated to emphasize that “ this article is for informational purposes only . ”
TO REPEAT : RAPID DEHYDRATION IS DANGEROUS AND BOTH BRAIN DAMAGE AND FATALITIES ARE NOT UNCOMMON .
I present this article as an introduction to briefer and , in many respects , safer approaches that can supplant some of the more dangerous practices ( thiazide - based and loop diuretics in particular ) while delivering comparable results .
The practice of severe dehydration will continue among elite athletes in weight - class - based sports until competition weigh - ins are held as athletes step onto the platform or mat to compete .
The problem is amplified further when athletes gain muscular mass over the course of a single competitive season , yet are required to remain in a single weight - class to retain records and ranking .
My hope is that the approach details in this piece , as extreme as it is , helps athletes avoid even more dangerous practices ( wearing garbage bags in saunas , etc. ) that are common and more blunt , which results in excessive and imprecise loss .
So , how does one drop from 187 lbs. to 165 lbs. , then perform 18 hours later at 193 lbs .?
Latent Heat and Electrolyte Reuptake Modification
It is contended that there are two appropriate vehicles for the facilitation of short - term water loss ( diuresis ) : the manipulation of thermoregulation , and the manipulation of hormones related to electrolyte balance and water retention .
In other words , you can combine 1 ) increased water excretion through the skin via temperature treatments with 2 ) increased water excretion through urination , which is dependent on the modification of kidney function .
If you weigh 200 lbs. , 120 of those pounds are water , which is distributed between three systems : blood , cell interiors ( as pertaining to powerlifting , muscle fibers ) , and the spaces between the blood vessels and the cells dependent on them .
Approximately 8 % of your total water volume is contained in blood plasma , 67 % is contained in the cells themselves , and 25 % is found in the spaces between the two , which includes subcutaneous water .
It is imperative that athletes understand the distribution areas from which excess water , and not life - sustaining water , can be most safely excreted , pulling from critical systems only as a last resort .
Thermoregulatory and mild electrolyte manipulation , with potassium - sparing supplementation for the latter , provides a compelling combination of efficacy and safety .
Bear in mind that “ safety ” , particularly when used in the context of something that is inherently dangerous , is relative .
Exercise , whether running or otherwise , is not used for dehydration , as it places a load on the muscular and nervous systems when recovery is impaired , decreasing the force production capacity we want to preserve for competition .
Additionally , athletes should never dehydrate for the first time before competition .
Just as with any technique , dehydration should be practiced within 85 - 90 % of competition requirements at least two times in pre-season to ensure each athlete understands the individualized performance consequences and required recovery times .
Rehydration and additional hyperhydration are also accomplished through two primary vehicles : increasing the speed of water absorption , and increasing the volume of water that can be retained in the body for muscular performance purposes .
This is done primarily with purified water and modified molecules of glucose .
By scientifically hydrating and increasing arterial blood plasma volume , you increase blood pH levels ( alkaline ) , increasing the ability of hemoglobin to bind to oxygen .
The end result is that proper hydration increases oxygen delivery to body tissue .
A 1-1.5 quart loss of water can result in as much as a 25 % decrease in aerobic endurance for this reason .
By increasing plasma and cellular hydration you can conversely increase oxygen delivery and uptake , with a subsequent increase in endurance ( hypothesized by some to be primarily dependent on aerobic mitochondrial activity ) .
Thermoregulation : Humidity and Brevity
Torranin has demonstrated that dehydration decreases both isometric and dynamic muscular endurance by 31 % and 29 % , respectively , following only a 4 % reduction in body - mass by sauna exposure .
This would still only represent an 8 lb. reduction for a 200 lb. competitor , a moderate decrease by weight - class competition standards .
This further establishes the functional impairments caused by dehydration and the paramount importance of limiting the time spent in this state .
It is the author ’s empirical experience that target dehydration should be accomplished over as short a period of time as safely possible , and that moderate dehydration sustained over multiple days only exacerbates the inherent problem of maintaining glycogen stores and muscle tissue integrity .
Saturday Weigh - In : 9am
If weigh - ins are hypothetically held at 9 am Saturday morning , restrict additional salt intake beginning at Thursday dinner .
No red meat or starchy carbohydrates ( bread , rice , potatoes ) should be consumed on Thursday night or on Friday , as both of these food product categories cause the disproportionate storage of water ( 3 grams of water per 1 gram of glycogen ; creatine and fibrous tissue water retention in red meat ) .
Drink your normal volume of liquids in the form of purified or distilled water until Friday morning , at which point water consumption , limited still to purified or distilled water , should be reduced to 1/3 your normal volume .
If you do n’t want to do the math , just drink 1/ 3 cup every time you would drink a full cup .
On Friday night , following a early ( 5 - 6 pm ) and light dinner consisting primarily of vegetables , thermoregulatory work should begin and water consumption should be eliminated until weigh - ins .
Non-prescription diuretics , discussed in the following section , would be consumed at breakfast , lunch , and dinner on Friday , in addition to upon waking on Saturday .
10 - Minute Sessions
The bathtub is the preferred tool for dehydration based on the outside humidity in total submersion , which is 100 % .
The higher the humidity , the less the evaporation , and the more your body must sweat to cool core body temperature .
This is why athletes will sweat more in a steam room than in a dry sauna .
Fill the bathtub with water that does not burn the hand but causes moderate pain if the hand is moved underwater .
Your target weight by bedtime should be 2 - 3 lbs .
MORE than your necessary competition weight , as you will evaporate that volume range of water during 6 - 9 hours of sleep .
Set an alarm clock next to the bath for 10 minutes , and preferably have someone who will also alert you at the 10 - minute mark .
Submerge your entire body and head in the bathtub , entering which should take at least 2 minutes .
For ease of entry and to minimize movement , sit cross -legged at the front of the bath and lay down slowly , putting your head underwater so that only your face is exposed to the air and pointing towards the ceiling .
If you feel faint at any point or when you reach 10 minutes , exit the tub and run cold water over your scalp but no other areas ; ideally , place an ice pack on your head and neck instead of using water .
Towel off , but do not shower , as you will reabsorb water through the skin .
The author has seen elite wrestlers make the mistake of taking a shower the morning of weigh - ins , only to find they have gained 2 - 3 lbs .!
Do not make this mistake – avoid showers completely until weigh - ins .
After toweling off and urinating following the first 10 - minute session , weigh yourself on two scales , taking the average of four weighings : two on each scale to account for any mechanical inaccuracies .
Many athletes will lose too much weight the first time they use a bathtub , and this only extends the necessary recovery period .
Take a 5 minute break near a cooling source or at room temperature if you have not made weight , and repeat 10 - minute submersion sessions with 5 - minute cooling breaks until you are 4 - 5 pounds from your required weight .
At least two pounds will be lost as a result of the potassium - sparing diuretics detailed in later sections , and if you lower your body weight excessively , you should consume water to ensure you are 2 - 3 pounds HEAVIER than your required weight before sleep .
Two practical suggestions from Matt Kroczaleski :
When there ’s a very short timeframe , the only thing that matters for the weigh in is how much the food physically weighs , not the calorie content when I consume it .
I allow myself two pieces of bread with peanut butter usually spaced out evenly during the cut .
The first piece is typically consumed about eight hours into the cut ( about 10 – 12 hours out from the weigh in ) and the second piece about six hours later .
I always feel a renewed energy and sense of well - being after these small snacks .
I do n’t allow myself to drink ANYTHING during the cut because this is counterproductive to what I ’m trying to achieve .
I will chew on and spit out ice chips during my five minute breaks , but that ’s as close as I come to drinking any type of fluids during the weight loss process .
Potassium - Sparing Non-Prescription Diuretics : Blood Flow and Sodium Filtering
Nearly all diurectics produce their effects of diuresis by directly or indirectly acting on the kidneys .
There are two primary types oral or injectable diurectics , those that increase blood flow to the kidneys and those that inhibit reabsorption of electrolytes by the nephrons or loop of Henle in the kidneys .
It is best to think of the kidneys as the body ’s blood filters —
Each day , 150 - 200 quarts are filtered through the kidneys , where toxins , excess water , and unneeded minerals are removed .
If you increase the amount of water that is excreted per quart of blood , and simultaneously increase the volume of blood passing through these filters per hour , the effect is pronounced diuresis through dramatically increased urination .
Prescription diuretics , especially loop diuretics such as Lasix , often cause excessive depletion of calcium , magnesium , and potassium , ions that regulate electrical transmission and heart function .
Moderate potassium insufficiency can cause DNA damage and muscular cramping , most certainly resulting in impaired lift performance .
More severe depletion , which can have an onset of minutes with intravenous injection , has resulted in organ failure and cardiac arrest for athletes who do not understand the serious nature of these medications .
Diuretics are designed for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure .
The author has found two compounds particularly effective for short - term water loss that mitigate the above problems : dandelion root ( taraxicum officianalis ) , and caffeine , a xanthine alkaloid we ’re all familiar with .
Dandelion root has the highest vitamin A of any known plant ( 14,000 iu per 100g of raw material ) and a high choline content .
Dandelion root is one of few commonly available plants that increases sodium chloride excretion by the renal ( kidney ) tubule while simultaneously exhibiting potassium - sparing properties .
When sodium excretion is increased , the kidneys increase water excretion to maintain electrolyte and osmotic balance .
Dosages for dehydration , based on a 4:1 extract , are 250 - 500 mg 3 x daily with meals .
Caffeine not only increases sodium chloride excretion but acts primarily by increasing renal blood flow and stimulating parietal cells to increase gastric secretions .
The latter combines with dandelion ’s effect of increased bile flow to not only increase water excretion but food elimination ( gastric emptying ) .
Dosages for dehydration are 200 - 400 mg caffeine ( preferably caffeine anhydrous ) 2 - 3 x daily with meals .
200 mg is roughly equivalent to two cups of drip coffee , or one medium cup of french - pressed coffee .
Used in combination for a 200 lb. competitor , 250 - 500 mg of dandelion root would be taken with 200 - 400 mg of caffeine at all three Friday meals ( remember that dinner is early , 5 - 6 pm ) , and upon waking 3 hours prior to weigh - in at 9 am .
It is recommended that the athlete also supplement each meal with a non-prescription 99mg potassium product .
Phase Two – From 165 lbs. to 193 lbs .
How do you use sugar alcohols , skin protectants , and insulin mimickers to recover from dehydration and move from a precompetition 187 lbs. and weigh - in of 165 lbs. to 193 lbs .?
How can an athlete retain 50 % more intramuscular fluid for improved oxygen delivery and power output ?
Just because you ’ve weighed in does n’t mean you are ready to compete .
Far from it .
Proper cellular hydration is required for glycogen synthesis and muscular contraction .
Dehydrate a muscle by just 3 % and you cause an approximate 10 % loss of contractile strength and 8 % loss of speed .
Ball State University research has demonstrated a 7 % decrease in speed over 10 kilometers by runners dehydrated by just 2 % - 3 % of total body mass .
For a 150 lb. strength athlete , this represents a very meager 3 - 4.5 lbs. of water loss .
This further establishes the paramount importance of rapid rehydration for optimal safety , recovery , strength performance following voluntary dehydration , particularly when the percent of total Lean Body Mass ( LBM ) is significant ( the author has supervised , but does not advise , up to an 18 % reduction ) .
One objective during the dehydration stage is the preservation of muscle fiber and blood plasma fluid volume with simultaneous excretion of extraneous subcutaneous water , which is located between the skin and muscle .
Similarly , the objective during rehydration is the increase of muscle cell and blood plasma fluid volume to predehydration or hyperhydration levels in the shortest time possible .
What is hyperhydration ?
In the context of powerlifting , hyperhydration is a state produced when one artificially increases the amount of water the body can retain for improved power output and oxygen delivery .
To that end , athletes I ’ve worked with have used the following modifiers and tools , whose usage and dosages are included later in this article :
Blood plasma volume :
Room - temperature baths , PJ - A3AH MicroStructured ™ water unit , Glycerol , glycerin , 1,2,3 - propanetriol , electrolyte supplementation
Muscle cell hydration ( sarcoplasmic hypertrophy ) :
Room - temperature baths , Panasonic PJ - A3AH MicroStructured ™ water unit , 4:1 carbohydrate / protein ratio , glucose , glucose disposal agents and insulin mimickers , creatine monohydrate
Using Skin as a Water Channel
In the exact reverse of the dehydration protocol , it is advised that while consuming bio-engineered water ( below ) , the athlete capitalize on the largest organ in the body as an initial vehicle for water uptake : skin .
Take a 15 - minute bath in room temperature water , preferably with Epsom salt for systemic magnesium supplementation and muscular relaxation ( decreased electrolyte supply often causes muscle cramping ) .
Understanding the Small Intestine , Gastric Emptying , and Aquaporins
It is critical that any athlete with a short time span for rehydration increase gastric emptying , or the speed at which liquids pass from the stomach to the small intestine for absorption .
Blood plasma fluid volume optimization precedes muscle cell hyperhydration , as the solids consumed for glycogen restoration will decrease the speed of liquid gastric emptying .
This needs to be accomplished before glycogen is restored by ingestion of solids .
Also note that most commercially - available sports drinks ( Gatorade , Powerade , etc. ) and so - called “ replacement fluids ” contain much too high a concentration of sugars ( high - fructose , dextrose , glucose , sucrose , maltodextrin ) or other solutes to move efficiently from your stomach to the primary site of absorption in the small intestine .
This does not mean you avoid solutes entirely , as I ’ll point out below with ORS ( oral replacement salts ) ; it just means that you need to precise .
The optimal process of initial rehydration would move ingested H20 from the digestive tract ( specifically , the small intestine ) to the bloodstream quickly and without volume loss , and then through the semi-permeable cell membrane , again without volume loss ( “ loss ” defined by eventual excretion , rather than retention , of water ) .
Protein channels in the cellular membrane , called “ aquaporins ” , only permit single - file influx of water molecules in clusters 3 - 6 angstroms in diameter .
Unfortunately , 50 - 85 % of purified water molecule clusters are 11 - 13 angstroms in diameter .
Thus , while more efficiently assimilated than unpurified water , you may still excrete 50 - 85 % of the purified water you ingest .
For optimal hydration , defined by maximum H20 uptake % per ml ingested , there is a newer and more effective option : purified micro-clustered water .
Through the process of electrolysis , basic tap water is restructured into smaller clusters of 5 - 6 water molecules , as identified with Nuclear Magnetic Resonance ( NMR ) and Raman Spectroscopic Meters ( NMR 0 - 17 peak shift from 130 Hz to 65 Hz ) .
Important note : the scientific literature available in English on micro-clustered water is confusing at best and convoluted with nonsense .
The above explanation of “ restructuring ” was provided by an importer and could fall in the latter category .
In fact , I ’m inclined to believe this is the case .
The results discussed below , however , are from self - experimentation after purchasing the Panasonic PJ - A3AH from the same importer who had obtained several units after seeing them used in Japanese hospitals to treat burn victims .
I find the experimental results hard to explain as placebo effect : I and several other athletes were able to each drink more than 70 ounces from the Panasonic PJ - A3AH microclustered water unit ( nearly 9 tall glasses of water ) , with no discomfort or excretion even 5 hours later .
Divided by 16 oz .
and multiplied by 1.5 , one might extrapolate that the equivalent of approximately 6.56 pounds ( 1 gallon is 8.33 pounds ) of tap water were assimilated .
All of the athletes involved hydrate throughout the day and generally urinate at least once per 1.5 - 2 hours .
Regardless , the Panasonic unit is difficult to find , as are filters , so purified or distilled water can be used in substitution .
Water molecules can move across the cell membrane , not just via aquaporins , albeit at a slower speed .
To avoid hyponatremia , or water intoxication , in both cases , it is recommended that you consume 75 mg of sodium per 8 ounces of water ( approximately 1/3 teaspoon per quart ) to maintain electrolyte and water homeostatis .
If you do n’t , salt - dependent thirst - drive will be inhibited prematurely to prevent over - dilution of the blood .
During a three - hour rehydration period , subjects consuming moderately sodium - infused water restored 82 percent of lost fluids versus 68 percent for subjects consuming water alone ( Maughan RJ ) .
Glucose can additionally increase absorption of water through the intestinal wall .
An even easier option is to also consume an ORS ( oral replacement salt ) drink like Pedialyte , which is popular among wrestler .
The reasons to do so are clear in this comment from reader Craig Weller :
I once participated in a hydration lab as part of a combat medicine course .
A premise of the course was that many modern rehydration methods are ineffective and even counterproductive .
Participants were split into four groups and hydrated with either plain water , water with ORS , Gatorade or IV’s .
My notes are several states away right now , but I think the amounts were around one gallon per hour for four hours .
Most participants in the Gatorade group developed fairly bad diarrhea .
I was in the plain water group , which developed symptoms of hyponatremia .
It was surprisingly miserable .
The IV group ( plain saline ) developed ridiculous edema .
They looked like Michelin men .
The only group that did n’t suffer much was the ORS group .
They did n’t have the edema , hyponatremia ( headache , fatigue , etc ) or diarrhea of the other groups .
As I recall , they also did n’t excrete quite as much ( we measured urinary excretion down to the milliliter and graphed it over the four hours ) .
All groups except for the ORS group reported adverse effects for around 24 hours after .
Most of that seems fairly common - sense , but experiencing it firsthand was a dramatic learning experience .
The Sweetest Alcohol for Rehydration : Consuming Hand Moisturizer
Glycerol ( 1,2,3 - propanetriol ) , commonly sold in supermarkets as “ glycerin ” for skin moisturizing , is a sugar alcohol with hygroscopic ( water - binding ) properties .
Glycerol is used in meal - replacement bars to maintain softness and used in hand moisturizer because of its ability to pull water from the air .
Glycerol is a three - carbon alcohol , which along with Free Fatty Acids ( FFA ) are produced when a triglyceride ( stored fat / adipose tissue ) is glycolyzed .
It is theorized that glycerol drives water into blood plasma by increasing absorption of water in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney .
Those who has read this entire post will recognize that we manipulated kidney function in the opposite manner initially to increase water excretion .
Glycerol - induced rehydration significantly increases plasma volume restoration within 60 minutes and at the end of a 180 - minute rehydration period .
Total urine volume is lower and percent rehydration is subsequently greater following glycerol usage ( Scheett TP ) .
In submaximal ergometer testing , mean heart rate was lower following glycerol ingestion by 4.4 +/- 1.1 beats / min ( p = 0.01 ) .
Endurance time was prolonged after glycerol use in two studies : Study I ( 93.8 +/- 14 min vs. 77.4 +/- 9 min , p = 0.049 ) and Study II ( 123.4 +/- 17 min vs. 99.0 +/- 11 min , p = 0.03 ) , demonstrating that pre-exercise glycerol - enhanced hyperhydration both lowers heart rate and prolongs endurance time ( Montner P ) .
The ingestion of glycerol improves hydration beyond that provided by equal volumes of Gatorade or water alone ( Griffin SE ) .
Serum glycerol concentrations are normally 0.05 mmol / L at rest but can be increased to 20 mmol / L by ingesting 1 - 1.4g/kg of Lean Body Mass ( LBM ) of a 40 % glycerol solution with 20 - 26 mL/kg LBM of water .
Averaging these amounts and converting them to US English volume measurements , one should consume .543g/lb LBM of glycerol and .3984 fluid ounces / lb.
LBM .
150 lb. athlete : 81.45 grams of glycerol with 59.76 fluid ounces ( 1.86 quarts ) of water ( preferably microclustered )
200 lb. athlete : 108.6 grams of glycerol with 79.68 fluid ounces ( 2.49 quarts ) of water
250 lb. athlete : 135.75 grams of glycerol with 99.6 fluid ( 3.11 quarts ) ounces of water
It is critical that the supplemental water is consumed with glycerol ; otherwise , water will be pulled into blood plasma from the only available source , muscle cells and surrounding tissue .
Glucose and Insulin for Increasing Hydration Speed
Carbohydrates are converted to glucose through digestion and unused blood glucose is stored as glycogen in the liver and muscles .
In part 2 , our athlete did not consume starches from Thursday lunch to weigh - ins at 9 am on Saturday , and he will have depleted glycogen stores by necessity : each gram of glycogen holds 3 grams of water .
To optimally rehydrate after initial bioengineered water / sodium / glycerol consumption , one must optimize glycogen stores so the full water storage capability of the body is restored .
This is accomplished by consuming macronutrients ( protein , carbohydrates ) with glucose disposal agents to enhance sensitivity to insulin , as storage hormone released by the pancreas .
Insulin also stimulates glycogen synthase , as enzyme necessary for glycogen synthesis .
Several principles must be followed :
1. Consume your first meal 90 - 120 minutes after post - weigh - in glycerol and purified / distilled water ingestion .
2. Consume carbohydrates ( CHO ) with protein to optimize insulin response , but do not consume more protein than permitted by a 4:1 ratio of carbohydrates to protein .
More protein will interfere with water retention .
Caseinates ( cottage cheese or milk ) or whole food proteins are preferred to whey , which is a fast - acting protein that can cause catabolism after 1.5 hours .
3 . Take 100 mg of Alpha -Lipoic Acid ( ALA or thioctic acid ) per 75 pounds of bodyweight + 50 mcg of chromium polynicotinate ( not picolinate ) with each meal following weigh - ins .
Both compounds increase insulin sensitivity and deposition of nutrients into muscle cells .
The latter is a niacin - bound chromium referenced as 50 x more bioavailable than chromium picolinate for purposes of glucose disposal and insulin mimicking .
4. Consume 5g creatine monohydrate and at least 75 mg of salt with each meal , as both will work in conjunction with CHO as water “ carriers ” to increase absorption through the intestinal lining .
The Hyperhydration Advantage : Underutilized and Underestimated
By understanding engineered H20 , its modifiers , and the science of hyperhydration , it is possible to weigh - in at 165 lbs. and compete 12 hours later at 193 lbs .
It is also possible to consume 1.5 gallons of water in 16 ounces or increase protein synthesis 3 - fold while simultaneously optimizing fat - oxidation .
Few elite athletes understand , let alone capitalize on , the hydration modifiers that represent next - generation tools for improving oxygen delivery and sports performance .
It is precisely this broad ignorance that makes engineered hyperhydration one of the most valuable tools for athletes seeking a legal and safe performance advantage with results that rival any dietary supplement currently available .
Last but not least : do your research and do n’t treat this as a low - stakes game .
It will kill you .
Here are three examples in one five - week period .
Caveat emptor .
Good luck to those whose sports require this .
Train hard and drink smart .
No medal is worth a Munzer - like ending .
###
Related and Suggested Reading :
Pavel : 80/20 Powerlifting and How to Add 110 + Pounds to Your Lifts
Physical Performance Posts : Why a Calorie Is n’t a Calorie , Intermittent Fasting vs. Caloric Restriction , Krill Oil …
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
It is 2003 , and a 19 - year - old named Travis is about to climb into a rally car for his first real test .
What follows will change the sport forever .
This is how it happened .
Advertisement
Travis Pastrana has been a professional rally driver for six years .
It 's no exaggeration to say that his presence has changed the face and future of pro rallying in North America .
His influence can be seen in everything from the sport 's average spectator age ( lower than it 's ever been in this country ) to its newfound , and formerly nonexistent , American television audience .
He helped get Internet superstar and WRC driver Ken Block his first professional ride , and he's the most marketable , personable driver to come out of stateside motorsport in years .
Advertisement
Like all things , Pastrana 's career has a beginning .
The photos in this post were taken on the day of his first test with Vermont SportsCar , the firm that Subaru has long entrusted with its American rally effort .
This was not his first time in a rally car , but it was his first professional test .
Vermont SportsCar was kind enough to prepare the following text exclusively for Jalopnik ; with the exception of marketing director Chris Yandell 's story , which can also be read here , it has not been published before .
Chris Yandell , Vermont SportsCar marketing director :
The story begins with Vermont SportsCar learning about Pastrana 's interest in rallying after his long - time sponsor Alpinestars hooked him up with a test drive in a Subaru WRC car as a gift for winning the 2000 AMA 125 cc Outdoor National Motocross championship .
Nice gift .
Travis got to whip around in the Subaru on a short gravel test course with then - Subaru Rally Team USA driver Mark Lovell sitting shotgun .
Almost two years later , Travis was busy competing in AMA Supercross , and clearly nothing had really progressed with regard to his rally interests .
I thought it would be a good idea to maybe give him another go if he had some spare time .
We made the decision to get [ him ] a proper test , bring in some some quality instructors , and see how he did .
Vermont SportsCar team boss Lance Smith said a few times , half joking , " Who is this motocross kid again , and why are we doing this ? "
We scheduled the test in the summer of 2003 at the Team O'Neil rally school .
We flew in multi-time British champ David Higgins , who runs a rally school in the U.K. , along with John Buffum , the most successful American rally driver in history .
We brought along a few of our rally cars , including a 2001 Group N Subaru STI .
Joining Pastrana was his friend Kenny " Cowboy " Bartram , an accomplished freestyle motocross rider who was equally interested in rally .
In an odd twist of fate , current Subaru Rally Team USA driver Dave Mirra was briefly scheduled to attend , but he was injured in a BMX competition just a few weeks prior .
We would n't cross paths with him again until we did a test with him in late 2007 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Pastrana , Subaru WRX STI Group N .
Lance Smith , Vermont SportsCar 's founder , on meeting Travis and putting him in a rally car :
First , I had to have my marketing director , Chris Yandell , explain to me who Travis Pastrana was , what he had accomplished , and what he was all about .
Chris had come to me with this opportunity to have Travis test with us , and to be honest I did n't know who he was .
At the time , Travis was certainly very accomplished at motocross and a genuine star , but really what sealed the deal for me , with regard to actually going through with the test , was that he had shown a genuine interest in rallying .
I had read that when he first drove a rally car a couple years prior , he said it was one of the most fun things he had ever done , and that he would love to do more one day .
There was some apprehension on my part about having Travis jump into one of my cars , though .
Prior the test session , I called Prodrive to sort of check up on Travis and the time he drove one of their Subaru World Rally Championship cars for fun a couple of years prior as part of a PR thing they did with Alpinestars .
[ They basically warned ] me that Travis did n't yet know the value of these rally cars , in terms of what a certain amount of abuse could potentially cost if you wreck or damage one .
It seemed like he had just gotten into one of their $ 700,000 - plus WRC cars and just totally ripped around without a care in the world in terms of breaking something —
I think he only ended up tearing a few carbon fiber bumpers off .
Also , he accidentally sprayed stones down the entire side of their new , and likely multi-million - dollar , hospitality rig as he blasted by it sideways .
So those things had me concerned to say the least !
Advertisement
Lance Smith and Pastrana during the latter 's first test .
I think the feeling may have been that Travis was too wild and would be too expensive to run .
But back to Pastrana coming to do the test session with us — we wanted to find out if he had some real talent because we were looking for someone to promote .
Rallying was a bit stagnant in America at that time , and we were looking for a young driver who could bring new eyeballs and attention to the sport .
The one thing that I remember most from that test session is when Travis went out in our car and [ British rally driver ]
David Higgins was riding along in the passenger seat .
It was in one of our Subaru Impreza WRX STI rally cars ; I believe it was in Group N trim at the time .
Advertisement
They did a few laps at the rally school and then brought the car in for the mechanics to check over .
David Higgins climbed out of the car , wiggles his finger at me , and says " Hey , come here . "
We went off to the side a little bit and he leans in , and the first thing out of his mouth is : " This kid can drive . "
Just like that .
I said " Yeah , yeah , sure , " not really taking him seriously , but then he said again , right away , " No , I 'm telling you , this kid can drive .
If you 're going to invest your money in somebody , you should invest it in this one . "
Above : Pastrana talking to American rally legend John Buffum .
Here was a multi-time British rally champion and the American champion at the time , someone who had a great deal of experience with new drivers
Advertisement
via his family 's rally school in Wales .
I really valued his feedback .
And for him to say this after just five minutes in the car with Travis — plus , I think it was only the second time Travis had driven a car like this on gravel — well , it meant a lot .
Right then , it sort of changed my outlook on the day .
So we went back home and began figuring out how we could run a program correctly for Travis , finding the money , sorting out one of our cars for him and so on .
That process was another few months just to get going .
One of the other early discussions Travis and I had was about each of our situations at the time .
Travis was very enthusiastic and very talented and wanted to drive a rally car .
He had a huge fanbase but did n't have a program or funds in place to go rallying .
Vermont SportsCar had the rally cars and a need for a talented driver with a fanbase .
So it was a great match .
All that was left was for us to pool our resources , and together we found the sponsorship to make it all work .
Advertisement
Christian Edstrom , Pastrana 's long - time co-driver , on their first rally together :
The first rally I did with T.P. was Sno * Drift 2004 [ in Atlanta , Michigan ] .
This was his first time at a competitive event after just doing a test or rally school or two .
Vermont SportsCar rented Bob Wall 's Production GT - class car , a silver 2002 Subaru WRX that they had built for Bob Wall .
I actually was n't planning on rallying in 2004 — I was a little burned out from all the rallying I did in '03 — but Lance called and asked if I 'd sit with Travis .
I remembered hearing about Travis from when he raced amateur motocross , so I decided I 'd have a try .
Back then , Travis was really young , really skinny , and never said a single curse word .
I think I helped fix the last two over the last six years !
He was really eager to do well , and it was clear that he was serious about the event .
He asked all sorts of questions about how to maximize our performance and seemed to take the answers to heart .
He did n't drive too quick , given the treacherous conditions , but he still put in good times .
Nevertheless , we went off pretty big on a L4 / Cr ( This is rally note - speak for " left four over crest , " a medium - speed left - hand turn that goes over a rise .
— Ed. ) on one stage , and we stuck the car about six feet into a snowbank .
Travis got under the car and shoveled it loose with his bare hands .
I figured then he had the rally spirit .
Advertisement
One guy , a goofy grin , and a lot of flying dirt .
Right on , Travis — you , my friend , are as Jalopnik as they come .
Keep it up .
Advertisement
Photo Credits : Pastrana Test : Lars Gange / Vermont SportsCar ; Forester : Sam Smith
A £ 3 m artificial reef near Bournemouth is failing to attract some surfers because the waves are ' too difficult ' to ride , a report found today
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Our railways have had problems with the wrong sort of snow and leaves , but now a coastal resort has hit trouble with the wrong type of waves .
A £ 3 m artificial reef is producing surf that is too short and too difficult for the average boarding enthusiast , a report found today .
The man -made reef at Boscombe , near Bournemouth , was the first of its kind in the northern hemisphere , but has received a mixed reaction from surfers .
Now the council is withholding a £ 150,000 performance payment from its creator , ASR Ltd , until the issues are resolved .
Problems identified in a study published today include issues with the length of ride and the frequency of waves , which need to be " slightly less challenging " to attract journeyman surfers .
The findings were based on a performance assessment by experts at Plymouth University showing that the reef had only achieved four of its 11 objectives since opening in November .
Created 225 m out to sea and made of 55 sand - filled bags , the reef was aimed at making surfing conditions better .
Bournemouth Borough Council 's summary of the report found that : " The reef does work and , in the right conditions , is producing steep , challenging waves suitable for expert surfers .
" But the ride is not as long as required ; frequency of surfing waves is not as often as [ those on ] the beach ; and the wave would be surfable by more people ( ie intermediate as well as expert surfers ) if it were slightly less challenging . "
The information was partly garnered from cameras monitoring the breaking waves ' shape and strength .
Mark Davidson , of the university 's School of Marine Science and Engineering , said today : " The results of this analysis showed that the reef was successful in producing a new wave at Boscombe which was rideable for experienced surfers and boogie - boarders .
" The new wave on the reef was significantly different to the waves that are available on the natural beach around the Boscombe Pier .
" However … the wave was consistently shorter than the design criteria , which promised rides of around 65 m .
" Additionally , it was less consistent than the neighbouring beach , when it had been hoped that the reef would increase the consistency of the surfing waves in the area .
" Thirdly , the wave is more challenging than was first anticipated , breaking powerfully and quickly on take - off , making it difficult for even early intermediate surfers to enjoy the wave . "
The council is now looking at whether the reef has properly bedded in or needs more time to settle .
ASR Ltd , a New Zealand firm , is to present a proposal for " refinements " .
Bournemouth council 's service director for leisure , Roger Brown , told the Bournemouth Echo : " Obviously there is an element of some disappointment but I always thought the reef would probably need some modifications .
" Our contractors ASR have agreed with the performance assessment and are committed to carrying out this work .
" It 's not just their final payment of £ 150,000 that is at stake ; it 's also their reputation .
I 'm optimistic that the ride length can be improved , the take - off speed can be reduced and surfing can be made less difficult . "
The findings will be discussed publicly at a council cabinet meeting on 26 May .
The authority went ahead with the plan as part of the Boscombe Spa Project – a revamp aimed at attracting new visitors .
The seafront promenade now features new restaurants and apartments .
The whole project is set to cost around £ 11.3 m , exceeding last year 's estimate of £ 10.8 m .
The scheme has seen a 32 % increase in visitor numbers , the council added .
The belief that a genius is the product of genetic make - up is as pervasive as it is wrong , according to David Shenk
Talent is like the marksman who hits the target others cannot reach ; genius is like the marksman who hits a target others cannot even see .
Thus Arthur Schopenhauer defined the concept of genius – as a gift displayed by semi-mystic beings whose innate qualities sets them apart from other mortals .
Mozart , Einstein , Newton , George Best : all were blessed by their genes and achieved a greatness that the rest of us cannot hope to possess .
And that would seem to be that .
Writer David Shenk , a contributor to the New Yorker and other US publications , begs to differ , however .
Every human has the potential to be an Einstein , claims this affable 43 - year - old in his latest book The Genius in All of Us ( Icon ) .
There is nothing that special about being exceptionally gifted .
It is a comforting assertion .
But is it justified ?
You claim that everything that we have been told about genetics , talent and intelligence is wrong .
Why ?
My interest was sparked when I stumbled into a body of research called expertise studies .
Anders Ericsson [ of Florida State University ] and other psychologists have examined what processes make certain people so good at some activities .
They are trying to determine the ingredients of greatness , in other words .
For example , they looked at how [ professional ] violists practise .
To the untrained eye and ear , it seems obvious : they all do a great deal of practising – hours , hours and hours .
But if you look very carefully at those who end up being the best , you discover – by doing intensive tracking of them – that they do practise more , and better , than those in the class below them .
That is a theme that extends to all achievements .
There is a quantitative and qualitative difference in the practice undertaken by the super - greats – say in basketball – and the mere greats .
They work hard at being great .
It is n't bestowed at birth .
Most people look at child geniuses like Mozart and conclude that his gifts had to be the result of fortuitous genes .
Presumably you disagree ?
Every piece of evidence we have about how genes work , how brains work , where musicality actually comes from , are consistent with the idea that there is nothing that mysterious about Mozart .
I am not trying to diminish his achievements , of course .
But the more you look at his life , or the life of any other genius , you realise that this was a process .
He reacted to an environment that was almost uniquely perfect for moulding him into a child star .
The myth of Mozart 's innate talent persists because people conflate different things in his life .
We know he was interested in composing early on and we know he was a prodigy as a performer .
The untrained mind reacts by concluding he was born that way .
And that kind of reaction has been going for a century .
Every time we are confronted with prodigious talent , we say it must be genes because we cannot think of any other explanation .
In fact , in the case of Mozart , it is clear his upbringing was also remarkable in terms of stimulating his abilities .
The trouble is that this problem is getting worse .
The more we read about new genes being discovered for human conditions , the more our belief in genetic determinism gets stronger .
Yet the vast majority of geneticists would not want that to happen .
You say Mozart 's greatness was not innate but due to his drive .
He practised at playing and composing better than anyone else .
But who is to say that drive was not inherited ?
The source of his greatness would still lie in genes in that case .
I think there are genes that influence drive .
But I do not think that it is a completely innate characteristic .
It becomes part of our personality and psychology and all of that is developed .
Resilience and motivation can appear at different stages in people 's lives and often appear in response to adversity , although I accept it will be more difficult for some people to develop intense drive than others .
But , fundamentally , it is a developed trait .
Do you think genetics research is going to provide us with more data that suggests that genius is acquired rather than inherited ?
Modern studies are only just beginning to unravel issues about gene expression and epigenetics , the study of how the environment modifies the ways genes are expressed .
Genes are constantly activated and deactivated by environmental stimuli : nutrition , hormones , nerve impulses and other genes .
There is no golden genetic windfall bestowed at birth , but constant interaction between the outside world and our DNA .
In other words , your genes do not place a limit on your potential in any way ?
Yes .
That is right .
Our genes influence our lives , but equally our lives influence our genes .
And I think that that has important implications .
Certainly , in the US , we tend to quietly give in to the suspicion that some people are not as capable of being educated as others .
The thing is that if we decide that we need to do a lot more to exploit human talent , then we will all benefit .
These things take resources , of course .
But the overall message is clear .
Our problem is not that we possess inadequate genetic assets but that we are suffering from an inability , so far , to tap into what we already have .
Few of us know our true limits and the vast majority of us have not even come close to tapping what scientists call our " unactualised potential " .
I apologize for the short diary , like so many others have before me , but I must attend to work .
Please , someone more qualified look into this .
Thanks .
UPDATE - see C Barr 's comment regarding TOD
UPDATE 2 - But see Paladine 's reference to BP putting a video loop up instead of a live feed .
Do we need to , or can we , organize the mass watching of this video to track its honesty ?
Can anyone record what they are showing ?
BP stalled in making a live feed available because they did not want any scientists or engineers to estimate the true flow .
Are they now running a loop because they do not want anyone to see how much it has increased ?
What is going on with the video loop questions ?
UPDATE 3 - Stonemason points out that there are now plans in place to evacuate Tampa .
See the link .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Just recently , I was asked what the official first hit single by a solo ex-Beatle was ?
Something in my memory sprang to the fore and made me say it was ‘ My Sweet Lord ’ by George Harrison , but at the first opportunity , I had to go and check .
The first thing to consider before working out the answer is where the parameters lie – at what point did the Beatles become ex-Beatles ?
Their final single release ( in the UK ) was ‘ Let It Be ’ in March 1970 , their final album release ( in the UK ) was ‘ Let It Be ’ in May 1970 but the band itself did not officially disband then .
It is important to note that all subsequent dates refer to releases in the UK only .
( The Beatles in happier times ! - Image Source )
The act of dissolution of the band known as the Beatles began on the 31st December 1970 , when Paul McCartney raised a legal suit .
It was to be a rather long drawn - out process .
Although it took until 1975 for every legal dispute to be ‘ ironed ’ out , the official dissolution of their partnership was sealed in the Chancery Division of the London High Court on 12th March 1971 .
Each member of the Beatles was now an ex-Beatle .
Solo recording careers for members of the Beatles had started long before the Beatles themselves had split .
During the 1960 ’s , both Paul McCartney and George Harrison had written soundtrack ’s to films ( ‘ The Family Way ’ and ‘ Wonderwall ’ respectively ) .
John Lennon had released three singles , under the ‘ Plastic Ono Band ’ pseudonym , before the 1971 cut off date .
During 1970 , both Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr had solo albums riding high in the charts , neither of which saw the release of a single .
My Sweet Lord , concert for Bangladesh at Madison Square Garden
Moving into 1971 , George Harrison released the song ‘ My Sweet Lord ’ on 23rd January – within a fortnight it had climbed to the number one spot , knocking off Clive Dunn ’s ‘ Grandad ’ .
The following month saw the first non-album single released by Paul McCartney ; ‘ Another Day ’ , released on 27th February 1971 .
Both of these songs were still in the UK charts on the 12th of March , which was the date that the Beatles officially were not Beatles anymore .
Another Day - Paul McCartney
If 12th March 1971 was the point when the Beatles were officially no more , it is rather interesting to note that John Lennon released the song ‘ Power To The People ’ the very same day .
Perhaps it was nothing more than coincidence , but perhaps it was a deliberate move on Lennon ’s part .
Power To The People - John Lennon
There are two schools of thought as to why ‘ Power to the People ’ should not be known as the first hit single by an ex-Beatle : 1 ) Being released on the same day implies that it did n’t come after the split of the Beatles .
2 ) The writing credits on the song goes to John Lennon and the Plastic Ono Band .
So what was the first solo single release by an ex-member of the Beatles ?
In the strictest of terms , the honour goes to Ringo Starr who released ‘ It Do n’t Come Easy ’ on 17th April 1971 .
It Don't Come Easy - Ringo Starr
There is of course the argument that the Beatles broke up in April 1970 , and if that is the time frame everyone looks at as to who had the first solo release by a former Beatle , that changes things .
Many people just look at what the first Beatle solo releases showed up on the Billboard Top 100 charts .
The following Beatle solo releases in chronological order are .
Interestingly , John Lennon , with his release of “ Give Peace a Chance ” on July 26 , 1969 , before the Beatles even announced they were breaking up .
This was followed up by Ringo Starr , with his song , “ Beaucoup Of Blues ” , hitting the charts November 7th , 1970 .
George Harrison , hot the Billboard Top 100 with “ My Sweet Lord ” on November 28th , 1970 .
Paul McCartney released the single , “ Another Day ” hitting the charts on March 6th , 1971 .
Another interesting story about the song Another Day was that he wrote it when he was with the Beatles , and even played it at Apple Studios with the rest of the Beatles listening to it .
John Lennon said to Paul McCartney , “ You ’ve been holding out on us ” .
It all depends on the criteria someone used for the first Beatles solo release .
What is auto - apt for ?
When you want to build a program from source and it fails due to missing headers .
Auto - apt can search what package would provide the header files .
Install
sudo apt - get install auto - apt sudo auto - apt update sudo auto - apt updatedb && sudo auto - apt update - local
Usage
Search for a header file :
auto - apt search [ headerfile .h ]
Example :
auto - apt search Xlib.h
You can use it combined with CheckInstall , or you could try using AutoDeb , which combines the two as well as providing some additional facilities .
Commands
run - Enter auto - apt environment
run [ command [ cmdarg ] ]
update - Retrieve new lists of Contents ( available file list )
update
updatedb - Regenerate lists of Contents ( available file list , no download )
updatedb
update - local - Generate installed file lists
update - local
merge - Merge lists of Contents
merge
del - Delete package list
del package
check -
Check which package will provide the filename
check [ - v ] [ - f ] filename
list - List filelist in dbfile
list [ - v ] [ - f ]
search - Search package by filename ( grep )
search [ - v ] [ - f ] pattern
debuild - debuild with auto - apt
useful to get build - depends :
status - Report current environments ( auto - apt or not )
For some commands , command name with - local suffix , it will use pkgfiles.db , which is created by update - local command , instead of pkgcontents.db
CategoryCommandLine
In the spirit of Easter Monday , the day that Christians believe that Jesus resurrected and started showing off a little of that holy spirit , I ’ve turned my attention to the subject of resurrection in comic books .
We ’re all thrilled that Joker was brought back to life by editor Whitney Ellsworth in his very first appearance .
And we cheered Superman , Green Lantern , Green Arrow , Luthor , Bucky , Reed Richards , Captain Marvel and Captain America when they all returned from the dead .
And Batman when he comes back , and whoever is next to go …it ’s all part of the gig .
But what about the mistakes ?
The horrible retcons and the undoing of GREAT farewell issues ?
Because I ’m a cynical bastard at heart , I tend to focus on the screw ups and the terrible tales … I love that stuff .
And so , on this , the arbitrarily chosen anniversary of one of the bigger resurrection tales in history , I list
MY SEVEN LEAST FAVORITE RESURRECTION STORIES IN COMICS
8
# 7
RESURRECTION MAN
Created by Andy Lanning , Dan Abnett and Jackson Guice for DC Comics in the late 90s , the character of Mitchell Shelly was a lawyer who could not die .
Shoot him in the face , he was back in ten minutes , thanks to an experimental nanotechnology formula coursing through his veins that fixed any hole , rupture , exploded heart or crushed skeleton he bad - lucked his way into that issue .
And you know , if you left it there , you have an interesting idea .
But the concept of an un-killable lawyer was n’t pants wetting enough for these guys , Old R - Man had a GIMMICK , too !
Every time Mitch died and came back , he got a brand new super - power , because you know , that ’s logical .
Sometimes when he picked himself up off the ground , he could fly , or shoot beams from his eyes , or he suddenly understood the intricacies of feng shui , and it was different every time .
Then it got weird .
He developed this device he wore around his wrist called “ The Resurrector ” , which allowed him to know what powers he would get , depending on how he next died .
So it was ENCOURAGING him to commit suicide .
It was a Suicide Watch , clearly , but they had n’t the courage to name it .
Can we all say ICCCCKKKK at the same time ?
The scripts were actually okay , really , and the art by Butch Guice was excellent … but how could a series based around so wholesome and friendly a concept as continuous suicide ever get canceled ?
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
# 6
Norman Osborn
Oh , THIS old tale .
An industrialist ingests an experimental formula , gains super - intelligence - and - mad - strength , dons a Halloween goblin costume , fights Spider - Man , kills the love of that hero ’s life , and ends up impaled on his own rocket glider .
Gone , dead , gone — a beautifully told tale that runs from Spider - Man ’s first year , until issues # 121 -122 .
And at least this time , the experimental formula is going inside an INDUSTRIALIST .
No more undead lawyers .
You could n’t bring a character like the Goblin back after so dramatically correct an ending as he saw in # 122 .
But a fleeting twenty years later , towards the end of the universally despised CLONE NONSENSE , we discover that Osborn was alive and well , and had been behind damn near every piece of evil shit that happened to Spider - Man in the years in - between , including the Clone Stuff , Spider - Man ’s tax audit , Gwen Stacy ’s lost virginity and the death of Aunt May .
The explanation ?
See , the Goblin had long ago healed himself of that nasty bout of “ impaled chest cavity ” disease more or less just because he was all “ super - heal - y ” and stuff , we just did n’t know … and he had more or less just gotten up off the slab at the morgue , replaced himself with a recently chest - impaled homeless guy , and wandered off to Europe to secretly pull the strings of damn near every piece of evil shit that happened to Spider - Man in the years in - between .
A world famous Super - Villain and equally world famous billionaire industrialist , went wandering undead around Europe for twenty years and did not get noticed .
Lucky guy was only world famous in the United States I guess .
Though there have been a few good Norman stories of late , the Osborn resurrection made us all victims of the Gwen - Stacy - gave - Norman - her - virginity - and - had - kids - with - him - that - grew - up - to - try - to - kill - Peter story line that made a generation of Spider - Man fans physically ill a few years back .
And that I cannot forgive .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
# 5
Iron Man – The Crossing – Timeslide
Not a resurrection in the technical sense , so it ’s lower on the list than it should be .
For its sheer nonsense factor , it should be around # 2 , but here ’s the 411 : Around Avengers # 395 , it started to come out that Tony Stark had been a long time agent of Kang , the Avengers time traveling enemy .
And now Iron Man was working against the Avengers and the only way to stop him was to travel back in time and pick up a teenage Tony Stark from BEFORE he was a Kang agent , and strap the teenage Stark into some IRON MAN armor and let the teenage one kill the middle aged , drunken Kang Bad Guy Iron Man so he could be replaced by a new , commercially friendly TEEN IRON MAN .
Lordy lordy , it was awful .
A special kind of awful .
And thankfully , it all wrapped itself up in less than a year , as the entire Avengers franchise was handed over to Rob Liefeld to clean it up , and it was swept under the rug like the skin of a dead animal .
Imagine a time when Rob Liefeld was an improvement on what you were getting previously , and pray you never read these comics .
Pray hard .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
# 4 :
Alfred Pennyworth
The granddaddy of the preposterously stupid resurrection stories of the Batman Universe .
Show of hands , how many of you knew Batman ’s famous butler had died ?
We ancient fans , in our mid-forties , recall a time ( Detective # 328 ) when Alfred pushed the Caped Crusaders to safety one evening , whilst they were menaced by a giant boulder , and he was squished flat by this boulder and left for dead by Batman and Robin who wandered off to put a little Aunt Harriet in their lives .
( An editorial decision had hoped that folks might stop thinking Bruce and Dick were gay if they had a spinster aunt living with them .
Well , obviously , the gays never go near the spinster aunts ! )
Sadly , with crime to fight , there was no time to go back and get Alfred ’s body for burial , or even to think much about it after a while , and Batman and Robin
left Pennyworth ’s rotting corpse to the hands of a mad scientist named BRANDON CRAWFORD , who we find out ( in Detective # 356 ) sort of fiddled around with Alfred ’s dead body , hoping to resurrect him .
He had mixed results , bringing Alfred back to life all right , but accidentally turning him into a boil covered telekinetic super - villain named the Outsider .
After turning the Batmobile and Batcave against our Dynamic Duo , the OUTSIDER effects kind of “ wore off ” and that was that .
Smiles all around .
And then they kicked Aunt Harriet out of their lives , and resumed what they were doing before all this nonsense began .
Alfred NEVER talks about it .
Neither do we .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
# 3
Doctor Doom
I have had enough of bringing Doctor Doom back from the dead .
The first eighty - six times they did it , it was all kinds of fun-cookery , but after a while , who did n’t notice the pattern ?
As soon as someone kicks Doctor Doom ’s ass , and he falls off a cliff , into the nether - lava , we all know IT ’S NOT DOCTOR DOOM .
It ’s a clone , or a robot , or his brother in - law , or his chiropractor .
In fact , any time you start to think you have the drop on Doctor Doom , you might as well pack up and go home , because it wo n’t be him .
Face it .
Doom is a pussy .
A complete pussy .
He would n’t go into battle with a real enemy if there was any danger on the line , and he ’s shown it over and over again .
He hides at HOME .
Punk ass pussy .
You know that green costume he wears ?
It was originally BLUE , but the gallons of coward urine this knee - knocking candy boy has been spraying from his terrified urethra has stained it green over the years .
That ’s right , Doom .
You heard me .
You ’re a coward , and I ’m calling you on it .
What are you going to do ?
Send your best friend from summer - camp after me in a Doom Suit ?
Call me when you grow a pair .
Ty ’s new rule .
You CAN ’T KILL DOCTOR DOOM anymore .
We no longer care .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
# 2
Jason Todd . Robin II
If we depend on my obviously fuzzy memory , Jason was either an orphaned circus boy ( like Dick Grayson ) , or an jerk street kid who stole the wheels off of the Batmobile on a whim and became Robin the Second .
I seem to recall that Jason was fairly popular when first introduced , and equally unpopular once he ’d morphed into the “ total douche ” version of Robin after the CRISIS ON INFINITE EARTHS ( or “ Ass - Hat - Robin ” , as he was known at the time ) .
But rather than just “ improving the writing ” , ( a tactic abandoned in a number of comics throughout the nineties ) , DC had a phone line poll to see if the brat lived or died .
After a judicial application of tire - iron to the boy ’s skull , at the hands of the Joker , the phone calls were counted .
The kid lost , and Crap - Robin was mercifully Dead .
Gone .
Dead .
Batman got mopey .
Tim Drake eventually showed up as the new Robin .
We got on with our lives …
Enter Superboy - Prime and the glorious , magical , transcendent RETCON PUNCH .
I ’ll try to explain this to the unfamiliar , and you ’ll believe me insane when I do , but here goes :
There ’s a version of Superboy from a parallel world , and that world got destroyed before THAT Superboy had much of a chance at a career of super-ing Instead of saving banks from teenage Lex Luthor , Superboy - Prime got to see his universe wiped out , and as a reward , he got to live on a farm in the parallel nether - world of Paradise Wonder Cove Land , with an older version of himself that was married to old Lois Lane .
And there was a teenage version of Luthor there , too … with a terrible perm and metal pants .
So Superboy - Prime did what any teenager with the powers of a god would do ( when the only nearby female was married to an older version of yourself ) …he punched the walls of his pocket universe in frustration .
And each punch changed someone ’s history back here on Earth ( including dead Jason Todd ’s ) , because , like , the Super - ripples of continuity super - frustration and confusion , went forth from the parallel world and just … ” did stuff ” to the universe , man .
POW !
The Doom Patrol is sort of not dead .
POW , Brother Power the Geek has a muskrat farm in Ohio .
BANG .
What ever the royal f**k your head could blort out , could be explained away by one of these retcon punch things … .
NOTE TO EDITORS :
You CANNOT allow writers to use just ANY substance to help them be inspired .
NO ingesting cactus and anything with little pictures of Care Bears printed on them .
Anyway , a Superboy - Prime punch caused the highly tire - ironed and very much ripped - apart - in - an - explosion Jason Todd to just “ wake up ” in his coffin and claw his way to the surface .
And the digging out section of his week did n’t require any air , but it did require temporary superhuman strength , to push the six feet of dirt and coffin lid off him , but then that went away .
And now Jason ’s back .
Sometimes he ’s Nightwing .
Sometimes he ’s the Red Hood .
Once he pretended to be Clayface pretending to be Jason Todd .
It ’s all good .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
#1 :
Aunt May dies beautifully in Amazing Spider - Man # 400 .
Comes back with a bomb in her head , about four years later .
At the time they killed off Peter Parker ’s perennial pill popping Aunt May , I thought it was a poor choice , as the character was too important to the basic Spidey dynamic to lose ( especially after so many other core characters had died …
Uncle Ben… high school sweetheart Gwen … best friend Harry , favorite high school teacher Professor Warren , and best villain , the Goblin , amongst others ) .
But it was impossible to argue the story was n’t touching and memorable .
May gets a sense that it ’s “ her time ” and she and Peter go to the Empire State Building , where she confesses to Peter that she ’s known he was Spider - Man all along , and she tells him that she ’s secretly proud of him and Ben would be , too .
They discuss tiny details of their time together , and wrap up a lifetime of love .
Then she goes home , lies down , cradles Peter ’s face , gets a sudden worrying fever , and dies , while Mary Jane waits in the hall outside with her Aunt Anna .
Go read the story and try not to cry .
I ’m sobbing like a bear caught in a leg trap just typing this .
But a few years later , Howard Mackie returned Aunt May to the world or Spider - Man using a little known writing trick called “ not giving a crap if you suspend disbelief or not . ”
Here ’s the rub :
The Aunt May who died at home , surrounded by family , friends and detailed memories of their lives together , was , in fact , an actress , hired by Norman Osborn , and given DNA altering compounds and plastic surgery to more closely resemble Aunt May…all because Normie wanted to make Peter experience the death of a loved one , essentially as a really mean prank .
This was part of his being behind everything awful that happened to Peter scheme mentioned earlier .
Why KILLING the actual Aunt May would n’t have been a far meaner prank is beyond any mortal mind to comprehend .
Instead , the Goblin kidnaps the REAL Aunt May and replaces her with the actress … then , after carefully not killing Aunt May at all , he surgically implants her with a bizarre weapon / device / bomb in her skull that makes nearby people melt into piles of DNA goo if Norman presses a button .
THEN , he puts May Parker into suspended animation , to pull out as a goo - melting dead - Aunt trump card , should he need one in the middle of a battle .
Which he does in Spider - Man # 75 .
I swear to god Marvel published it .
I did n’t just dream it .
It may be the single worst retcon of all time .
And I ’m including the much maligned BRAND NEW DAY , which resurrected Harry Osborn with the delightfully succinct “ I ’ve been in Europe ” , where the undead are clearly commonplace .
What happened at the editorial meeting where someone said “ Let ’s bring back Aunt May , wire her head with a flesh - gooing weapon , claim the one in the gravesite next to Ben was a genetically altered actress , and the fans will just ADORE it ! ” ?!?
How could a loving and forgiving god have allowed this comic to be published ?
HOW ?!?
I ’m sure I missed some .
Hammerhead escaping a nuclear explosion by turning into a ghost .
Red Skull becoming a disembodied spirit of hate … and ALL those Life Model Decoys taking one for the team .
If there ’s an especially awful resurrection I left out , let me know in the comments section .
Til then , happy Resurrection Day !
Ty the Guy
Share :
May 28 , 2010 : Finding a tick usually involves a squeamish self - examination – carefully rubbing fingertips through the scalp , meticulously scanning the body , and groaning " eyeww " if a little bloodsucker is discovered .
Blacklegged ticks are known as one of the disease transmitting organisms for Lyme disease .
( Credit : CDC )
Now , there 's a new way to find the pesky , disease - laden critters - - via satellite !
University of Alabama at Birmingham graduate students Nathan Renneboog and Stephen Firsing are pioneering the new technique as part of a NASA program called DEVELOP .
They 've been using satellite images of Alabama 's Talladega National Forest to reveal areas of the forest where ticks likely flourish .
Knowing tick whereabouts is important .
Ticks can deliver some very unwelcome visitors into your bloodstream : the toxins and organisms that cause Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever , Southern Tick Associated Rash Illness , and Lyme Disease .
" Our goal was to identify high - risk zones for these diseases , " explains Renneboog .
" We know that ticks prefer moist , heavily vegetated areas , so we wanted to map those areas . "
Tick hosts include white - tailed deer , white - footed mice , and you .
Lurking like mini-vampires , ticks wait for one of these unsuspecting passersby on whom to feast .
Without blood meals , ticks die .
Some ticks ' saliva contains a blood thinner to make it easier for them to feed .
The saliva may also contain neurotoxins that keep you from feeling pain as the tick digs its barbed mouth into your skin and enjoys a meal at your expense .
Likely tick habitats related to high NDVI ( Normalized Difference Vegetation Index ) and soil moisture levels were identified around the Black Warrior River in Central Alabama .
Dr. Jeff Luvall of NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center mentored Renneboog and Firsing in their tick hunt , which took place in UAB 's Laboratory for Global Health Observation .
" I taught the students how to use infrared images from an instrument on the Terra satellite to analyze soil moisture and vegetation . "
The two students used what they learned from their NASA advisor to classify levels of vegetation and moisture in 12 locations in the forest .
They then created detailed digital maps and images showing likely tick habitats – areas where dense vegetation overlapped those with high soil moisture .
To confirm that the maps were accurate , Renneboog and Firsing needed some old - fashioned , ground - level tick counts for comparison .
They used data provided by Jacksonville State University faculty and students , who collected ticks by dragging large white clothes through bushes and grasses .
They actually counted the ticks by hand and identified their species .
A " bull 's - eye " rash appears at the site of a tick bite on the right upper arm of a woman who subsequently contracted Lyme disease .
( Credit : CDC )
" One of our aims for this study is to raise awareness about ticks – where they live , how they behave , what diseases they carry , " adds Firsing .
" For example , it 's not widely known that there 's Lyme disease in Alabama now .
But there is and has been for a while .
The first case was actually documented in this state in 1986 . "
As part of their DEVELOP project , Renneboog and Firsing do outreach work , presenting their findings at conferences and talking to the public .
This summer , for instance , they 'll work with Girl Scout Troops .
" We 'll teach them to use repellents , wear long pants , tuck in their shirt , and wear socks when they go into the woods , " says Renneboog .
" And we 'll teach them how to properly remove a tick if it latches onto them , " adds Firsing .
" You need to use tweezers .
If you try to pinch the tick 's body with your finger tips and pull the tick off , you 'll squeeze it , and the tick will regurgitate the contents of its gut into your bloodstream . "
Eyeww !
" That 's how they infect you , " he says .
Bring on the satellites .
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
By Chris Kahn , AP
Monday , May 3 , 2010
BP could face billions in oil - spill costs
NEW YORK —
The oil spill spreading across the Gulf of Mexico has drained $ 32 billion from BP ’s stock market value .
Lawsuits , fines , cleanup and reputation - repair are certain to cost the company billions more and could tie up BP for many years to come .
Yet the still - unfolding environmental disaster is n’t likely to put one of the world ’s largest oil companies out of business .
BP PLC earned close to $ 40 billion in 2008 and 2009 combined , and more than $ 6 billion in the first three months of 2010 .
Exxon Mobil — which shelled out more than $ 4 billion in cleanup costs and legal payouts after the Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska 21 years ago — managed to pull through the disaster just fine .
Today it is the world ’s largest publicly traded oil company .
In the long run , BP will be fine too , said Mark Gilman , an analyst at The Benchmark Co .
“ Let ’s not get hysterical here , ” he said .
“ They ’re going to survive this . ”
Still , London - based BP will face a litany of challenges as a result of last month ’s accident , not the least of which will be scrutiny from politicians and regulators in Washington .
BP could find itself at a competitive disadvantage when vying for offshore drilling permits if the Obama administration moves ahead with plans to open vast swaths of the U.S. coast to oil exploration .
How much the disaster costs depends on how much worse the spill becomes , and how much fault is ultimately assigned to BP for the oil - rig explosion and fire that caused the spill .
The oil company leased the offshore platform from Transocean Ltd. and hired subcontractors , including Halliburton Co. , to help drill the well that is now spewing an estimated 200,000 gallons a day .
On Monday , BP gave assurances to shrimpers , oil workers and scores of others that they will be compensated for any “ legitimate and objectively verifiable ” claims .
BP is spending $ 6 million a day to contain the oil spill ; the federal Oil Pollution
Act requires BP to pay the cost of any cleanup work done by government agencies such as the Coast Guard and Homeland Security .
But the real costs will come later , when BP starts paying for damage to wildlife , coastal businesses and tourism .
“ The worst - case scenario is enormous , ” said Keith Hall , a New Orleans lawyer who represents oil and gas companies .
“ There are already a number of wrongful - death and personal injury cases out there .
There will be no doubt more . ”
Fadel Gheit , a market analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. , estimated that every day that oil seeps into the gulf , BP loses hundreds of millions of dollars in liability claims .
Overall ,
Gheit estimated BP could pay anywhere between $ 5 billion and $ 15 billion for the cleanup , damage claims and lawsuits .
Federal law sets a $ 75 million limit how much an oil company has to pay for damages such as lost wages and economic suffering .
But lawyers said the cap can be lifted if BP is found to have failed to meet federal safeguards or was otherwise grossly negligent .
People can also pursue claims in state court and file for damages through the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund , which was established after the Exxon Valdez .
The fund , which collects 8 cents from the industry for every barrel of oil produced or imported to the U.S. , has about $ 1.6 billion available to cover damages .
BP , the largest oil and gas producer in the U.S. , has been blamed for a number of big accidents in the past decade .
— An explosion at a BP refinery in Texas City , Texas , in 2005 killed 15 people and injured 170 .
Regulators in October hit BP with a record $ 87 million fine for failing to correct safety hazards at the plant .
BP is contesting the fine .
— More than 200,000 gallons of oil spilled from a BP pipeline in Alaska in March 2006 , the largest - ever spill on Alaska ’s North Slope .
BP paid about $ 20 million in fines .
Now , a class - action lawsuit filed in federal court in New Orleans blames BP , Transocean , Halliburton and Cameron International Corp. — a maker of rig equipment — for faulty behavior before and after the April 20 accident .
BP has pointed the finger at its partners .
CEO Tony Hayward — who took over BP after the Texas City blast — said Monday on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” that a failure of Transocean ’s equipment led to the spill .
David Kotok , chief investment officer of the Sarasota , Fla. , money - management firm Cumberland Advisors , said early predictions are likely to understate the fallout from the disaster .
Neither the 1969 Santa Barbara , Calif. , offshore oil spill nor the Exxon Valdez is a useful comparison because the current slick could be much bigger and harder to contain .
“ We ’re looking at maybe two to three months ” of oil flowing into the gulf , he said .
“ The devastation is huge .
This is like Three Mile Island . ”
Experts say the green image the company cultivated in its advertisements is vulnerable .
Market researcher Eileen Campbell valued BP ’s brand at $ 17.3 billion , mostly because of its interest in the environment .
BP invests in biofuels , wind and solar energy , and it supports capping carbon emissions .
The spill will probably make it tougher for BP to expand in U.S. waters , analysts say .
“ BP is under watch now , ” Gheit said .
“ They may not be welcome in the area .
So if I ’m going to issue a permit for BP to drill a well , I ’m going to take a much closer look at them . ”
AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this report .
Eds : SUBS lead to CORRECT figure to $ 32 billion , per Monday ’s closing share price .
Moving on general news and financial services .
by Septicisle
Ian Davison , the neo - Nazi who succeeded where others failed in producing ricin , must be somewhat relieved at receiving only a 10 year sentence for concocting a chemical weapon along with other terrorist offences , including making pipe bombs , one of which he recorded exploding .
After all , Martyn Gilleard , the skinhead who shared a passion for potential race war with a predilection for children , was given an 11 - year - stretch for similar offences while only putting together some very rudimentary nail bombs , involving film canisters .
Davison ’s son Nicky , on the other hand , has been given what seems a far harsher sentence of two years detention for only having the almost required Anarchist Cookbook and Poor Man ’s James Bond manuals , both of which the judge himself noted are available to purchase from Amazon ( and still are ) despite their possession itself being an illegal offence .
In line with when our jihadist friends have been convicted , the police themselves have come out certain that they ’ve prevented an atrocity , whether or not Davison and his pals in the Aryan Strike Force really were about to set out in the footsteps of David Copeland .
There certainly is a parallel with the jihadists cells that have gone on supposed “ training ” out in the countryside , as the ASF it seems had away days in Cumbria where they seemingly spent most of their time sieg heiling and running around with Nazi banners , but again , whether they were truly prepared to act on their online rhetoric is something different entirely .
That Davison had stored the ricin he ’d made in a cupboard for two years gives a clue , as does the fact that he like Kamel Bourgass does n’t seem to have any real idea as to use it to its full effect ; the only discussion about poisoning anything which the police came across involved the “ water supplies of Muslims ” , which would have diluted the tiny amount of ricin he had even further .
In any event , it does once again show that far from just having a problem with Islamic extremists , there remains a significant if small threat from the very far - right .
And unlike with the takfirist jihadists , and indeed the remaining paramilitaries on both sides in Northern Ireland , there are very few resources being dedicated to watching their antics with the caution with which they deserve .
Sources have confirmed to Kotaku that both Robbie Bach , the current head of all things entertainment for Microsoft , and J. Allard , one of the top men behind the Xbox and Xbox 360 , are leaving Microsoft .
Advertisement
In a memo this morning to Microsoft employees obtained by Kotaku , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced that the two were " retiring " from the company .
Advertisement
Ballmer says that after 22 years with Microsoft , Bach , the president , of Microsoft 's entertainment and devices division , is leaving Microsoft on a high note .
" This has been a phenomenal year for E&D overall , and with the coming launches of both Windows Phone 7 and " Project Natal , " the rest of the year looks stupendous as well . "
He will remain with Microsoft until the fall .
" At Microsoft , I 've been so fortunate to spend more than two decades of my life working with incredible people and doing amazing things like launching Office , Xbox and Xbox Live , the ‘ Halo ' franchise , Windows Phones , Zune and more , " Bach said in a prepared statement .
" I 'm at the time in my life where I want to dedicate more time to my family and my nonprofit work , including my work with the Boys & Girls Clubs of America .
I have the utmost confidence in Steve , Don and Andy and their ability to see through our mission of bringing extraordinary entertainment and mobility experiences to life for people around the world . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Ballmer also confirmed rumors that J. Allard , the company 's chief experience officer and chief technology officer of the entertainment and devices division , is leaving the company after 15 years .
Allard will continue to work as an advisor to Ballmer , " helping incubation efforts , looking at design and UI , and providing a cross- company perspective on these and similar topics . "
Advertisement
Allard was spotted over the weekend at a New York restaurant , but at the time we were told he was on sabbatical .
The loss of two key personnel from Microsoft 's entertainment and devices division , the unit responsible for things like the mobile phones , the Xbox 360 and Zune , comes at a time when the company is facing daunting competition from the likes of Apple , Google , Nintendo and Sony .
The shakeup could be a sign that the company recognizes the need for a shake up in a division that brought in $ 1.67 billion in sales in the first quarter of the year .
Advertisement
According to the memo obtained by Kotaku , Don Mattrick , who leads Microsoft 's interactive entertainment business , and Andy Lees , who leads Microsoft 's mobile communications business , will report directly to Ballmer starting in July .
Meanwhile corporate vice president David Treadwell will now report to Mattrick .
The rest of the reorg chart wo n't be ready for printing until later in the year , after Bach and Ballmer have a chance to figure out who should be doing what .
Advertisement
In his morning bombshell , Ballmer praises both Bach and Allard for helping push Microsoft into the entertainment industry and changing the company 's culture .
" I want to close by thanking Robbie for the incalculable contributions he has made to Microsoft over the years .
He will be greatly missed when he retires this fall , and I am glad that I 'll have the opportunity to continue working closely with him between now and then , " Ballmer writes .
" And as J makes a similar transition , I look forward to working with him in a new way . "
Advertisement
Update : Microsoft has confirmed the departure of Bach .
Canned quotes from the departing exec added up in the story .
Make sure to check out our memory - filled retrospective on Allard and his time at Microsoft .
Given her record , people had expected a weak , boring package from her committee .
But Lincoln came up with rules that were tougher than anyone had expected , requiring derivatives to be traded on public exchanges so investors could compare prices .
The banks hate this idea , possibly because it will drive down their profits .
For sure because it will drive down their profits .
“ The bridge of cooperation has been washed out , ” said Republican Pat Roberts of Kansas crankily , as Lincoln nudged the bill through committee .
He also warned that the senators were “ smothering ourselves in the milk of human kindness and hoping it does n’t curdle , ” nailing down first place in the hotly contested Senate metaphor - making competition .
It was the first time Lincoln seemed like an interesting political figure since 1998 , when , at 38 , she became the youngest woman ever elected to the United States Senate .
Now her seat is in jeopardy .
Conservatives smell blood .
The left is backing her opponent in a primary next month .
Bill Clinton expressed his support by saying , “ I would n’t be surprised to see her coming back from the dead . ”
Which is really not what you want to hear from the former president while you ’re out fund - raising .
So it ’s pretty easy to figure out what caused Lincoln ’s hard line on financial reform .
She is tacking to the left the same way John McCain , struggling in a hot primary in Arizona against a Tea Party - type opponent , is tacking to the right .
But let ’s give her credit for never having gotten desperate enough to claim that cars full of illegal immigrants were “ intentionally causing crashes on the freeway . ”
Unlike some former mavericks we could mention .
Americans are certainly in the market for some leadership on the subject of derivatives .
It ’s hard to even figure out how to worry about them , since we have no clue exactly what they are , beyond bets on whether prices will go up or down .
LuDwig- Profile Blog Joined February 2007 Italy 1142 Posts # 1
Post your cheese / rush / funny / owned / mass pic / vid( page 8 )
but i thought it could mean a separate discussion .
It is taken fromPost your cheese / rush / funny / owned / mass pic / vid ( page 8 ) but i thought it could mean a separate discussion .
Bow I suppose you will think two time before sending all your troops inside a vortex Bow I suppose you will think two time before sending all your troops inside a vortex
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=120015¤tpage=98<--Search the HotBid's Post
Katoan Profile Joined March 2008 Finland 42 Posts # 2 HOLY CRAP !
Ballistixz Profile Joined January 2010 United States 1269 Posts # 3 good thing mother ships are not used alot in beta for now lol .
altho after this vid im sure they will be used more often ...
Islandsnake Profile Joined April 2009 United States 673 Posts # 4 hahah well I guess throwing your entire army into the vortex might not be the best idea anymore Bang !
InToTheWannaB Profile Joined September 2002 United States 4769 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-05 05:14:44 # 5 fucking awesome
When the spirit is not altogether slain , great loss teaches men and women to desire greatly , both for themselves and for others .
Guran Profile Joined April 2010 Sweden 33 Posts # 6 that was just awesome , haha Usus magister est optimus
jaybrundage Profile Joined December 2009 United States 3394 Posts # 7
I just love this clip Lol this is awesome .
I had a similar idea but i thought of using storm .
But vortex and ff and collosi FTW ??????
I love how the guy in the video says wtf and starcraft scientist responds by saying all your guys died instantly and the guys just like .... yeahI just love this clip
The more you sweat in training , the less you bleed in battle .
MrStorkie Profile Joined April 2010 United Kingdom 690 Posts # 8 pretty cool stuff 1a2a3a4z5z6d7d8d9p0
p
Kantuva Profile Joined April 2010 Uruguay 144 Posts # 9 On May 05 2010 13:53 LuDwig- wrote :
It is taken from
Post your cheese / rush / funny / owned / mass pic / vid( page 8 )
but i thought it could mean a separate discussion .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_rK5sCmR4&feature=player_embedded
Bow I suppose you will think two time before sending all your troops inside a vortex
It is taken fromPost your cheese / rush / funny / owned / mass pic / vid ( page 8 ) but i thought it could mean a separate discussion .
Bow I suppose you will think two time before sending all your troops inside a vortex
awesome :D !!!!!
awesome :D !!!!!
@ Kantuva | Mapmaker | KTVMaps.wordpress.com
Kinky Profile Blog Joined September 2008 United States 4088 Posts # 10 I 've done the same thing before but with only 1 ring of forcefields and storm .
This is a pretty cool alternative .
oopserv Profile Joined March 2010 United States 37 Posts # 11 wow nasty :D yay
Moony Profile Joined April 2010 United States 532 Posts # 12 lol at the guys ' reaction facebook.com/macromicrogaming
Kantutan Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Canada 1319 Posts # 13
Storm does n't stack , so you would n't be able to kill the army instantly .
Would still do plenty of damage though .
Mios Profile Joined April 2010 United States 563 Posts # 14 lol i wonder if it would be considered BM for a pro to use this in a tourney
before players would just send their entire army in it on purpose so they dont have half their army fighting and getting owned .
this should make vortex more feared and much more useful .
no LAN and intercontinental bnet = T_T
professorjoak Profile Joined July 2008 316 Posts # 15
For 2v2 fun , astutely note that the vortex lasts as long as it takes for a nuke to be called down .
So if you nuke as soon as you see partner 's vortex ...
" The different branches of Arithmetic -- Ambition , Distraction , Uglification , and Derision . "
-- Lewis Carroll
Archerofaiur Profile Joined August 2008 United States 4095 Posts # 16 Patch 11 Notes
- Vortex has been removed
- Mothership has been given Stasis Field http://sclegacy.com/news/28-scl/250-starcraftlegacy-macro-theorycrafting-contest-winners
LuDwig- Profile Blog Joined February 2007 Italy 1142 Posts # 17 On May 05 2010 14:09 Archerofaiur wrote :
Patch 11 Notes
- Vortex has been removed
- Mothership has been given Stasis Field
hahha that would be really funny lol hahha that would be really funny lol http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=120015¤tpage=98<--Search the HotBid's Post
CharlieMurphy Profile Blog Joined March 2006 United States 22893 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-05 05:12:34 # 18
On May 05 2010 14:09 Archerofaiur wrote :
Patch 11 Notes
- Forcefield has been limited to 4 per player at any given time .
- Forcefield is now dispellable in the same way that hallucination is .
( fungal , emp , storm will negate it )
fixed fixed .. and then I would , ya know , check em ' .
( Aka SpoR )
Whiplash Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 2801 Posts # 19 oh shit I am SO doing this Former professional broadcaster .
Back in college to get a degree , then back to e-Sports !
Archerofaiur Profile Joined August 2008 United States 4095 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-05 05:16:08 # 20 On May 05 2010 14:12 CharlieMurphy wrote :
Oh I get it !
Its a joke about the Mothership being a fat arbiter .
I get jokes !
fixed
fixed http://sclegacy.com/news/28-scl/250-starcraftlegacy-macro-theorycrafting-contest-winners
1 2 Next All
SYRIZA rally : the reactionary politics of the middle class “ left ” in Greece
By Alex Lantier and John Vassilopoulos in Athens
17 May 2010
WSWS reporters in Athens attended the May 14 rally of SYRIZA ( the Coalition of the Radical Left ) , called in response to the massive social cuts being carried out by Prime Minister George Papandreou .
Middle class parties like SYRIZA and the Greek Communist Party ( KKE ) pose as left critics of Papandreou ’s policy , while working to legitimize his policies in practice .
A definite division of labor emerges : Papandreou ’s social democratic PASOK party negotiates cuts with the European Union ( EU ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and provides the votes for them in parliament .
For its part , SYRIZA disorients and demoralizes working class opposition .
Indeed , one of SYRIZA ’s leading factions , the Renewal Wing , advocates forming an open political coalition with PASOK .
In this context , the SYRIZA rally ’s predominant feature was the absence of any call for bringing down the Papandreou government , despite its wildly unpopular and anti-social policies .
Instead , the main speakers — SYRIZA parliamentary delegation leader Alexis Tspiras and former member of parliament Manolis Glezos — demanded looser monetary policy and promoted Greek chauvinism .
In a hypocritical and perfunctory nod to “ internationalism , ” the rally began with speeches from foreign visitors .
The first speaker was Parti communiste français ( French Communist Party , PCF ) deputy Jean - Pierre Brard , who sits on the French National Assembly ’s financial commission .
The PCF is a political adjunct of the social democratic Parti Socialiste ( Socialist Party , PS ) , which is preparing plans for social cuts modeled on those of Papandreou , should it return to power .
Joe Higgins , from Ireland ’s Socialist Party , also spoke .
Despite his ritualistic invocations of international solidarity , his party supported last year ’s chauvinist “ British jobs for British workers ” campaign mounted by British unions .
Tsipras began his speech by praising the “ unity of the movement ” against Papandreou ’s cuts and hypothesizing that it might spread throughout Southern Europe .
Such comments aim to hide the total disunity and impotence of the current trade union protests in Southern Europe , while appealing to the feeling of united opposition that workers instinctively feel in the face of the cuts .
There has been no serious attempt by SYRIZA or any other party in Greece to organize international strike action by working people in Europe .
Within Greece , strike activity is largely limited to one - day national strikes roughly every month , controlled by the PASOK - led GSEE and ADEDY trade unions .
Further strikes in individual industrial sectors have been isolated by the unions .
While these strikes give the ruling class a useful test of the degree of anger and opposition among the workers , they pose no threat to Papandreou ’s austerity program .
Instead , the working class is denied any real opportunity to measure its strength and the growing opposition to Papandreou .
Tsipras criticized Papandreou for lying about the state of Greece ’s finances during the election campaign , when he promised to increase social spending .
This raises more questions than it answers , however .
If it was widely known inside the political establishment that Greece ’s finances were worse than was claimed , why did Tsipras call Papandreou to congratulate him upon his election last October ?
Tsipras then attacked leaders of the Greek employers ’ federation ( SEV ) for pushing for cuts and restrictions on workers ’ rights .
He complained that business leaders try to “ create a climate in which they devalue the political class and they even demand constitutional reforms , so they can do their job better without the inconvenient reactions from the struggles in society . ”
What Tsipras failed to add was that the Greek population is as angry with politicians as it is with the bankers , and does not see SYRIZA ’s leaders as significantly different from the rest of them .
The “ alternative ” Tsipras then proposed was not a new policy for the working class , but rather a proposal for a change in banking policy .
He said Greece should “ get direct lending from the ECB [ European Central Bank ] … restructuring the terms , and the term for paying off the debt , the interest rate and maybe with a writing off of some of the debt . ”
This proposal is not an attempt to mobilize working people or to explain the political implications of the threat of mass impoverishment that Papandreou holds over their heads .
SYRIZA ’s principal policy proposal aims primarily to advise banks and bourgeois politicians on how to lessen the threat of working class opposition .
Tsipras closed with deceitful calls for “ social control of the banks . ”
In fact , his policy is the opposite of a policy where workers confiscate major investors ’ accounts to meet social needs — that is , the struggle for socialism and workers ’ control of industry .
Leaving undisturbed the mega - fortunes built up in Greece and internationally , it simply aims to redistribute the burden of funding the financial aristocracy towards other countries .
Glezos , a resistance fighter during World War II in the Greek Communist Party , called for individual Greeks to loan money to the government at low interest rates , to help Athens repay its debts — a reactionary proposal that amounts at most to partially bailing out the banks with whatever savings Greek workers still have .
He then launched into a nationalist attack on Germany , on the grounds that German Chancellor Angela Merkel should have agreed more quickly to the unpopular EU - IMF bailout of Greece .
He said that during World War II , Germany “ took all the wealth that existed in Greece , all foodstuffs , and took it to Germany in order for the German people to survive .
Not even on this issue did [ Merkel ] show the least bit of gratitude , she should not talk . ”
Glezos then proposed to loot the German economy , to pay back Greece ’s creditors among the major banks .
He called for “ struggle so that Germany pays back everything that it owes Greece : debts to the public purse , reparations , forced loans , archeological treasures and compensations to victims .
These reparations , of which only half has been estimated , come to € 160 billion without interest in today ’s money .
You understand then what Germany owes to Greece . ”
He closed with a cynical appeal for party unity inside SYRIZA : “ If we each think we have the truth , we will never get anywhere . ”
When factions of SYRIZA openly call for working with Papandreou , this amounts to a promise that SYRIZA will continue its two - faced support for the government and social austerity .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Dell Inc said its
Streak tablet computer can double as a mobile phone and will have a front - facing camera for videoconferencing -- features it hopes will help the new gadget compete against Apple Inc ’s iPad .
A man wipes the logo of the Dell IT firm at the CeBIT exhibition centre in Hannover February 28 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Thomas Peter
The five - inch tablet will debut in Britain next month through mobile carrier O2 , a unit of Spain ’s Telefonica , and Carphone Warehouse .
Dell has yet to announce pricing for the Streak , which it said will appear in the United States sometime during the summer .
The company formally unveiled the Streak on Tuesday , after Chief Executive Michael Dell gave the tech world a glimpse of the tablet at a conference two weeks ago in San Francisco .
Dell will become the first major electronics maker to take on the 9.7 - inch iPad with a device that runs on Google Inc ’s Android operating system , more commonly found on smartphones .
“ It ’s portable and mobile .
You can put it in your pocket , ” said IDC analyst Will Stofega , who has tried out the device .
“ It is interesting and infinitely usable . ”
Android is gaining ground on the iPhone in the smartphone market , but it is not yet clear whether Google and Dell will be able to take on Apple in the tablet market .
“ Can Dell sell millions of these ?
That ’s a tall order .
There is certainly the potential .
If it is priced right and if the thing sort of does what it ’s supposed to , ” Stofega said .
The Streak , which will have a slot for external memory cards , is part of Dell ’s plan to expand sales of mobile devices to help boost revenue after it has slipped from being the world ’s largest PC maker to No. 3 by volume .
Forrester analyst Charles Golvin said he was skeptical that Dell could catch up with the iPad in one key area .
“ Dell ’s entry into the phone / tablet market is marked by some nice hardware , but Dell still lacks the one element that will matter most in differentiating itself in the flood of Android devices , and that ’s skill in software , ” he said .
More than 200,000 software applications work with both the iPhone and the iPad , which was launched in the U.S. in April and goes on sale internationally on Friday .
Stephen Felice , who runs Dell ’s consumer , small and medium business divisions , told the Reuters Global Technology Summit in San Francisco , last week that the Streak would be aimed at consumers but that the PC maker ’s goal is to eventually build tablets for large corporations .
The amazing pictures of the space station taken by ground - based amateur astronomers keeps on coming .
On May 29th , Anthony Ayiomamitis used a 16 cm ( 6 " ) telescope to capture a phenomenal image of the International Space Station passing Jupiter ... in broad daylight !
Wow !
Note the color of the sky ; it was about 9:00 a.m. local time when he took this shot , with the Sun well above the horizon .
This is actually two images added together ; the first shows the ISS to the lower right , and in the second shot it had moved to the upper left .
Jupiter shows its disk near the center of the frame , it being easily bright enough to be seen using a telescope in daylight .
What an incredible picture !
But it gets cooler ...
The picture on the right is the same shot , but this time he connected the two ISS images with a line .
Given the size of both the ISS and Jupiter , it looks like the station flew directly in front of the planet from Anthony 's position !
Had he taken that first shot literally a tenth of a second later , he would have had the picture of a lifetime .
As it is , it 's still way cool .
Want more ?
I got more .
Robert Vanderbei , at Princeton University , took this picture of Jupiter , also in daylight .
You can see the moons !
The picture has the moons labeled .
Ganymede and Europa are faint , but visible .
For an added coolness ,
Io was poised right on the limb of the planet 's disk .
You can see the Red Spot , and also how the southern equatorial belt of Jupiter is missing ( it should be at about the same latitude as the Red Spot ) .
To get this Robert used a 9 cm ( 3.5 " )
Questar ' scope , which is small but has very nice optics .
And one more , but it 's a link : Universe Today is reporting that an amateur got shots of the Air Force X37 - B in orbit !
All this goes to show that the word " amateur " , as I 've been saying for years , is losing its meaning .
Like everything in nature , when you get near the boundary between two entities , the lines get blurry .
I know lots of so - called amateurs who have a far keener grasp of the sky and the objects in it than some professionals .
Astronomy is one of the few sciences where someone with even modest equipment can do phenomenal work in the field .
I love it , and it's a great time to be an astronomer !
Image credits : Anthony Ayiomamitis , Robert Vanderbei , used by permission .
The contributions to the original binary search thread continue to trickle in , and now stand at an astonishing tally of 679 comments , most of them containing code .
Thanks once more to all of you who ’ve attempted this challenge , and to everyone who ’s commented .
In one of the more interesting comments , Darius Bacon tested a sample of 20 of the Python submissions , and found that exactly 10 % of them both passed the functional test and appeared to run in O ( log n ) time — which of course is exactly in line with Jon Bentley ’s original statistic , that 10 % of the professional programmers he ’d examined were able to write correct binary search code ( albeit under rather different conditions ) .
It subsequently became apparent , though , that Darius ’s testing code was overly strict , and that a further two of the sampled routines did run correctly ( though not necessarily in O ( log n ) time ) .
Still — it ’s a surprisingly low hit - rate , especially when you bear in mind that , contrary to the rules , many of the programmers did use testing to help them develop the code .
( You should read the second linked comment , as it has plenty of other interesting observations , too . )
[ Update , an hour or two later : as Darius Bacon points out in a comment below , I misinterpreted his results .
Once the testing code had been fixed , his sample of 21 routines found 9 that passed all test , of which 6 were O ( log n ) . ]
“ It ’s dumb not to test ”
By far the most common comment on this challenge was that it ’s dumb to try to write correct code without testing .
Many , many people made this point , not only here but especially on Reddit .
For example , someone calling him / herself K wrote : ” I do n’t really see a point in this exercise – are you ( or the author of the book ) implying that if a programmer can’t implement this on first try , without testing , he ’s not as good as one who can ?
IMO , it ’s not a good metric for the ability of the programmer . ”
First of all , let me be very clear what I was n’t saying : I was not saying that it ’s a bad thing to test your code .
I am very much in favour of testing .
So is Jon Bentley .
That ’s because neither of us is insane .
The point is this : testing is only one of the weapons in our armoury , and it ’s one that has recently become so fashionable that a lot of programmers are in danger of forgetting the others .
Although testing is valuable , even indispensible , it is also limited in important ways , and we need to have facility with other techniques as well .
Here are three limitations of testing :
Tests can only show the presence of bugs , not their absence
Tests can be buggy , just like tested code
Tests increase confidence , not understanding
I ’ll expand on each of these below .
Before I do that , let me say one more time that testing is good .
Please do not respond in the comments saying “ Mike is a doofus because he says testing is bad . ”
Testing is very good .
But like so many very good things —
Doctor Who , sushi , Wi -Fi , Gold Miner ale — it turns out that it ’s not the only very good thing you need .
So the purpose of the write - your - code - without testing exercise was not to discard testing because it ’s useless ; but , precisely because testing is useful , it ’s important that we sometimes force ourselves to walk without that particular crutch … and perhaps we ’ll find out how atrophied our muscles have become .
Then we can discover what other areas we need to concentrate on , what techniques we need to bone up on , what tools we need to relearn and what exercises we need to do .
( I ’m assuming here that we aspire to be excellent , rather than merely adequate , programmers . )
Tests can only show the presence of bugs , not their absence
I wrote this heading off the top of my head , then looked at it and thought it sounded a bit familiar .
When I grepped around , I found that it was , almost word for word , a quote from an old friend :
Testing can show the presence of bugs , but not their absence .
— Edsgar W. Dijkstra , University of Texas
So I guess I am in good company in making this point .
To say the same thing in more general terms , as Tom Holtz is fond of saying , “ Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence ” .
( He ’s usually talking about fossils in a particular rock formation , but the principle is good more widely .
And to be fair , absence of evidence is indeed evidence of absence , but it ’s not proof of absence . )
You can test all you want ; but all you have shown at any given point is that you have not yet found any bugs .
We can see this principle at work in several of the posted solutions — I do n’t want to pick on individuals , so I wo n’t name names , but I ’ve seen submissions tagged with statements like “ Mine works ” , “ works for me ” and “ no errors at the first try ” , which have been subsequently shown to be buggy — presumably because the author ’s own tests did n’t test all the edge cases .
Again , this is not to say that testing is useless : each passed test can legitimately increase confidence in the tested code .
But it can never get you all the way .
For that , you need something different .
Tests can be buggy , just like tested code
“ Quis custodiet ipsos custodes ? ” , asks Juvenal ( and let us not forget that quidquid latine dictum sit , altum viditur ) .
“ Who will watch the watchmen ? ” replies Alan Moore .
“ Who will test the tests ? ” , say I .
This is another problem that cropped up several times in the comments .
For example :
“ My code worked the first time , but my test had a bug . ” — nicholas .
“ Worked at first try though I did test it before submitting here , which took some time before I realized that while the binary search was working , my small test code was faulty . ” — Robert Leffmann .
“ I felt my heart sink when it threw an exception on first run , but it turned out the error was forgetting to sort the test arrays in the test code , so all was ok . ” — Paddy .
“ Had some bugs in the harness itself , but did n’t catch any in the binary search method . ” — Dan Carroll .
We ’ve all been there , I ’m sure .
As it happen , this very afternoon I spent an unpleasant hour or so trying to debug the test suite of a Perl module that I was building a Debian package for .
We fall too easily into talking as though code and tests are two different things , but tests are code .
We know that we ’re not clever enough to write correct code all the time , so why would we think that we can reliably write correct tests ?
Actually , there are two reason why this argument is n’t as strong as it sounds .
One is that the code that makes up test suites is often — not always , but often — much simpler than the code being tested .
In which case it ’s more likely to be correct .
I ’ve been in situations where that ’s not true , where the testing code is itself a major piece of work ; but I admit those cases are the exception .
The second reason why this argument is not super - strong is this : writing tests lets you triangulate .
You ’re looking at the same problem from two different directions , and if your tests are broken there ’s a fair chance that your correct code will help you spot that fact and fix it .
( If you ’re really unlucky , your code and your test will both be broken but in such a way that the deficiencies of one patch over the mistakes in the other ; but that seems to be rare . )
I ’m not going to labour the tests - can - be - wrong point too much , just as I skimmed quickly over tests - can ’t - show - the - absence - of - bugs , because I want to get on to the meat : the real reason why testing is in desperate danger of being overhyped .
These two points have just been a prelude ; now on to the fugue .
Tests increase confidence , not understanding
Here we reach my core point .
It ’s this .
If you had to boil down the whole programming skill - set to a single core skill — a completely general one that applies across all that we do — what would you choose ?
I can imagine various different answers , but for me the answer would be : thinking clearly .
I ’d argue that the essence of good programming is thinking clearly about the problem ; understanding ; grokking .
Testing a piece of code is essentially a black - box process .
If you hack together a binary search routine , you can and will write tests for it that are not based on how the code works , but only on what it claims to do .
This is right and good — it ’s proper separation of concerns .
But what it means is that writing and running tests does not in itself increase your understanding of the code being tested .
And we need to understand .
In the case of binary search ( and let ’s all remember that this was chosen because it ’s a particularly straightforward algorithm ) , we ’ve seen posted code that does all sorts of horrible things — some of them kind of harmless ; some of them with performance implications ( like all those array - slicing Python implementations that run in O ( n ) time , and so are no better than a trivial linear search ) ; and some positively detrimental .
The point is this : no amount of testing will , in itself , give you any insight into these coding mistakes .
( Aaaaand I am going to say it yet again , in the desperate hope of not being misunderstood : this does not mean that I think testing is bad ; it means that I think it serves some purposes but not all . )
If you ’re not convinced , consider this pair of comments .
From Jonathan Deutsch : “ Writing code without testing is akin to doing math without a calculator ” ; and from Matthias Goergens : “ Arithmetic without a calculator borders on nonsense .
But for analysis , algebra or proofs in general , you ’d need a very advanced calculator . ”
Unit tests are great for verifying your arithmetic ; but they do n’t help you to think through your calculus .
For that , you need to think .
There ’s no way out of it .
Sometimes , no amount of agile , pattern - oriented , test - driven , refactoring - focussed pair - programming methodology will get you out of the responsibility to invest some actual thought into your program .
It ’s not all just Move Method and Pull Up Instance Variable , you know .
Sometimes I wonder whether tools that can do mechanical things reliably for us are blunting our ability to think clearly about subtle problems .
One of my very favourite comments on the original post was EoghanM ’s : “ I definitely thought about it a lot harder when I could n’t test . ”
“ Test - driven development ” is is not even a zinc bullet
Fred Brooks , perhaps best known as the author of The Mythical Man-Month [ amazon.com , amazon.co.uk ] , is also the author of the classic 1986 paper , No Silver Bullet , in which he argued that “ there is no single development , in either technology or management technique , which by itself promises even one order of magnitude improvement within a decade in productivity , in reliability , in simplicity ” .
Admittedly , what he says is impossible is a high goal — an order of magnitude — and I doubt that even the most committed Object Jockey , Extreme Programmer , Refactoring Guru or Test - Driven Developer would claim benefits that great for their favoured methodology .
And yet , these fads keep coming along , and Test - Driven Development seems to be the fashionable one right now .
Folks , really ?
Well , OK , maybe a bit .
Here ’s where I think the cognitive mismatch is : a test - driven approach can be helpful in designing ( and of course testing ) an API ; but it makes no contribution whatsoever to designing an algorithm .
In other words , it might help with the easy bit , but does n’t help at all with the actual work .
But APIs are such a big deal nowadays ( especially with the framework obsession and all ) , that we too easily fall into thinking that the API is the program .
( Over -Fowlering the code can also contribute to this misapprehension . )
That is a mistake on the same order as “ the medium is the message “ .
The medium is not the the message , it ’s what we need to get the message ; the API is not the code , it ’s how we invoke the code .
But , oh my , is n’t it seductive ?
To spend our time breaking a problem down into smaller and smaller parts , designing lots of little classes , writing masses of test code , and telling ourselves that we ’re being productive , without ever putting any effort in solving the actual problem .
The classic example of this is Peter Norvig ’s and Ron Jeffries ’ sudoku solvers .
These are gathered and linked from the brief article Learning From Sudoku Solvers , which has some excellent comments .
I urge you to go and look at these for yourself when you ’re done here , but in a nutshell : Ron Jeffries wrote a series of five articles on the test - driven development of a sudoku solver that eventually faded away into nothingness without ever finding a solution , or even coming close ; while Peter Norvig spent a while thinking hard , applied powerful non-trivial techniques , and wrote a 100 - line Python program that solves any sudoku puzzle .
[ Jeffries ’ articles are often unavailable , as his web - site comes and goes .
If you ca n’t read them there , you can find them in Google ’s cache . ]
How did Norvig do that ?
By using skills that are not often thought about in these days of test - driven kool - ade , reflexive application of design patterns and automatic refactoring tools .
Once more , let me be clear that all these things are good so far as they go — really , I agree with you , they are ! — but they are no substitute for actually thinking , and thinking is what ’s needed for hard problems .
I was going to say that in the last part of this article I ’ll look at a couple of mental tools for thinking about code , but yet again I have gone on for much longer than I intended , so that will have to wait until a subsequent article .
Soon , though , I promise !
( And yes , I am well aware of the irony that this is one of a series of blog entries wherein I keep promising to get to the meat but never do , and that here in this very entry I castigate Ron Jeffries for a series of blog entries wherein he kept promising to get to the meat but never did .
The difference is that we ’ve been waiting three years for RJ to keep his promise but only three days for me to keep mine .
Also , I know what my punchline is going to be . )
Before I wrap up for this time , I want to address one more point :
“ But I would have had a working binary searcher more quickly if I ’d been allowed to test along the way ”
Yes , maybe you would .
Bearing in mind that binary search is in fact a pretty simple algorithm , it ’s likely true that you could have bashed your way through to a working implementation after a few iterations of coding and testing .
But —
Your code would be less clear
You would n’t understand clearly why it works
You would find it harder to extend or modify in future
Because as soon as it ’s aimed at a non-trivial problem , test - driven development becomes debugging - driven development .
It stops being “ write the test , then write the code , then check that your test says the code is OK ” .
It starts being “ write the test , then write the first draft of the code , the run the test to find the first bug , then patch the code , then write the code to find the next bug ; GOTO 40 ” .
Let ’s look at a hypothetical example of how this can happen .
Tell me if this sounds hauntingly familiar .
I bang out a first draft of my binary search routine , and test it .
I notice that it sometimes looks at an out - of - range array element and realise that I was setting the upper bound to the size of the array rather than the index of its last element .
I fix that and see that sometimes it goes into an infinite loop .
I guess that ’s because when I iterate , I am setting the new upper bound one too high so that it does n’t converge , so I try subtracting 1 .
Now I find it sometimes fails to find values that are included , so I remove the - 1 and try setting the lower bound one higher instead .
It seems to work .
The next test shows that my code does n’t handle an empty array , so I add a special case for that .
Then I find it does n’t work on an array of a single element , so I add another special case .
A few more tests suggest that I ’ve caught all the edge cases , so I pronounce myself done .
I ’m sure I do n’t need to ( A ) persuade you that the resulting code is suboptimal , ( B ) point out that it likely still contains bugs , or ( C ) draw your attention to the fact that more than a few of the submitted solutions a couple of posts ago look suspiciously like this .
My fear is that most code looks like this — a patchwork of special cases that pretty much work most of the time , more or less .
Testing helps us to have more confidence that where we ’ve arrived is good enough ; but it does n’t help to make the code good .
And that is what I want to talk about next time .
Acknowledgement
Usually , I gather my sushi photographs from many different sources .
But for this article , I drew them all from the website of the Sushi 8 Japanese Restaurant in Mountain View , California .
They just have such nice photographs !
I have no idea whether their stuff is good or not , so do n’t construe this as a recommendation , but it ’s certainly easy on the eye .
Also : ignore this Technorati claim - code : EECRHMA873AV
Update : links to this whole series
Goggles Translate ( OCR )
Fresh off the press , Google just announced that the latest update to its Google Goggles for Android ( 1.6 + ) introduces a Translate feature .
The app currently supports the following input languages :
English
French
Italian
German
Spanish
and can translate them to a much bigger set of languages which I just jotted down ( from the app itself ) :
Afrikaans
Albanian
Catalan
Danish
Dutch
English
Finnish
French
Galician
German
Icelandic
Irish
Italian
Norwegian
Portuguese
Spanish
Swedish
Google promised support for more Latin based languages soon , with non-Latin based languages coming after .
To use the feature , just snap a picture of the text or use the " region of Interest " ( pictured below ) button and draw the desired shape around the words you want to translate .
Google will analyze your capture and present you with the Translate dialog if it recognizes text .
Hands -On
During my testing , I found that the Translate feature , or rather the text recognition feature , is quite poor .
I tried words with large letters from a magazine and printer text from a web page , and in all cases recognition left lots to be desired .
The shorter your captured text is , the more likely it is that Google will be able to recognize it - they even mention that you should be capturing " a word or phrase " .
However , when you got text , such as the paragraph I snapped below , there is not much you can do even with the crop tool due to changes in the area captured during auto - focus , hand shaking , etc .
Out of the paragraph I snapped , only a small portion appeared , highly butchered ( fragments from the text ) , plus " required " got misspelled as " requirec " - maybe Goggles should apply a pass through the suggestion engine first , like it does for the speech recognition ?
Other v1.1 Features
Besides the text recognition and translation , Goggles also improved in some other area :
In addition to translation , Goggles v1.1 features improved barcode recognition , a larger corpus of artwork , recognition of many more products and logos , an improved user interface , and the ability to initiate visual searches using images in your phone ’s photo gallery .
You can download the app by reading the QR code below with the Barcode Scanner app or by going to the Market and searching for " Goggles " .
Here 's to hoping the recognition will improve dramatically , as I see amazing potential and new uses of your phone abroad , such as my upcoming honeymoon trip to France .
Conservatives have long disliked the Miranda ruling , which is intended to ensure that confessions are not coerced .
Its use in terrorism cases has been especially controversial because of concerns that informing a suspect of his rights could interrupt the flow of the interrogation and prompt him to stop disclosing information that might prevent a future attack .
Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York City mayor and Republican presidential candidate , said Sunday on “ This Week ” on ABC that he supported Mr. Holder ’s proposal .
However , he also suggested that enacting it would not quell conservative criticism , arguing that it would be even better to hold suspects like Mr. Shahzad as military detainees for lengthier interrogation .
“ I would not have given him Miranda warnings after just a couple of hours of questioning , ” Mr. Giuliani said .
“ I would have instead declared him an enemy combatant , asked the president to do that , and at the same time , that would have given us the opportunity to question him for a much longer period of time . ”
Any effort to further limit the Miranda rule will be likely to face challenges .
In a 2000 case , the Supreme Court voted 7 to 2 to strike down a statute that essentially overruled Miranda by allowing prosecutors to use statements defendants made voluntarily before being read their rights .
Despite the political furor over reading terrorism suspects their Miranda rights , it is not clear that doing so has had a major impact on recent interrogations .
For example , even after Mr. Shahzad was read his rights , he waived them and continued talking .
With Mr. Abdulmutallab , who is accused of trying to light a bomb hidden in his undergarments , the pre-Miranda interrogation lasted until he was taken into surgery for the burns he suffered .
Afterward , he did not resume cooperating and was also read his Miranda rights , although the sequence of events is uncertain .
Relatives later persuaded him to start talking again .
In Congressional testimony last week , Mr. Holder defended the legality of the delays in both cases , noting that the Supreme Court had set no time limit for use of the public - safety exception .
But on Sunday , he seemed to indicate uneasiness about the executive branch unilaterally pushing those limits , and called for Congressional action to allow lengthier interrogations without Miranda warnings in international terrorism cases .
She said : '' This really is great news .
It 's brilliant that this scheme has been so well supported , thank you to everyone who has taken part .
Bennett did a few jobs for Walsh and proved himself a reliable sort of fellow , and soon he was heading north to bring back Newcastle 's speed supply .
His wife Wendy was also employed by the Walsh household , as a nanny , cleaner , and tester of the amphetamines once they had been delivered by Bennett and cut by Julie .
It was a happy arrangement that might have gone on for a long time except for a breakdown in the Nomads ' human resource management .
They had lent Bennett a shotgun and it was seized by police during a search .
To punish him for losing the weapon , the Nomads beat him senseless , so he needed hospital treatment .
To add insult to injury , Walsh withheld a promised Christmas bonus .
This meant Bennett had no money with which to buy presents for his wife and children .
Being a family man , he robbed a bank to get the necessary funds , but was caught and spent Christmas in jail .
Brooding on his treatment at the hands of the Nomads , he made a decision to become a police informer in March 2001 .
His wife , still employed by Walsh and Clarke , agreed to help him .
Because of their level of knowledge of the Nomad operation , this was an event almost unprecedented in the annals of organised crime in Australia .
The delighted police , who had been looking at the Nomads for some time without much success , set up Strike Force Sibret , run by the Drug Squad and Northern Region and headed by Detective Superintendent Wayne Gordon .
Because of the high quality of the information on offer , the investigation received valuable resource back - up and analytical support from the NSW Crime Commission .
Outlaw motorcycle gangs are important because they comprise the largest category of organised crime gangs .
In the words of Chief Superintendent Ken McKay , director of the State Crime Command 's Organised Crime Directorate , they are '' indicative of organised crime in its purest form ' ' .
'' They have national , sometimes international , links , '' he said .
'' They have a hierarchy with different roles in the structure , and that carries through to criminal activities .
At the bottom there are a lot of ordinary workers .
The gangs can be effective at ingratiating themselves into smaller communities . ''
For three months Sibret monitored and followed Walsh and the Nomads , using the full panoply of modern surveillance technology .
Phones were tapped , listening devices placed inside premises , cameras focused on buildings , tracking devices attached to cars .
It was soon established that the drugs were being bought from Todd Little , the president of the Gold Coast chapter of the Nomads and , despite being illiterate , an expert '' cook ' ' of amphetamines .
Little paid people to do '' pseudo runs '' , going from chemist to chemist and purchasing enormous quantities of Sudafed , from which he extracted the pseudoephedrine needed to make amphetamine .
Although Little lived on a rural property on top of a ridge at Terranora in the Tweed Valley , police were able to enter his house covertly and found the drugs were not being made there .
They wanted to locate his lab before making their arrests , and observed seven drug deliveries to Newcastle while they tried to track Little 's movements .
It was a difficult operation because of the remoteness of the property and the distances involved .
'' The drug couriers were using amphetamines and did the 20 - hour round trip almost without stopping , '' recalls Detective Senior Sergeant George Radmore , a senior officer in the strike force .
'' Sometimes it was hard for us to keep up .
The police have certain OH&S requirements that need to be observed . ''
Meanwhile , Walsh had a new problem with his supply chain .
When Bennett went to prison he'd been replaced by Nomad Phillip '' Big Phil ' ' Quinnell .
But on May 16 , when Big Phil reached Little 's Terranora property , he stopped his vehicle on the steep track and got out to open the gate .
He forgot to put the handbrake on , and the vehicle rolled back and killed him .
Having no one else he could trust , a reluctant Walsh began making the pick - up runs himself .
He used a hire car , hiding the drugs in the door cavity , and always took someone with him .
This meant if he was stopped by police he could argue the drugs had been placed there by ( a ) a previous hirer or ( b ) the other person in the car .
But when he set out for Terranora in September 2001 , for what turned out to be his last drug pick - up , he drove his own vehicle , a Toyota HiLux , because he had to tow a trailer .
After paying Todd Little $ 65,000 for almost half a kilo of amphetamines , he began his return journey .
Police had become increasingly concerned about letting the drug shipments reach Newcastle .
'' It was an ethical dilemma , '' Radmore says .
'' On the one hand , we wanted to find out where the drugs were being made .
On the other , we wanted to stop them reaching the public .
How long do you let things run ? ''
On September 23 , Strike Force Sibret struck , and Walsh 's HiLux was stopped near Murwillumbah and the recently purchased drugs were found inside one of the doors .
Simultaneously , raids were conducted at 13 properties in Newcastle , northern NSW , and on the Gold Coast .
When Todd Little was arrested , he was carrying a semi-automatic pistol with a silencer .
In his house police found lease papers , made out in a false name , to storage facilities on the outskirts of Murwillumbah .
They searched the facilities and discovered one of the biggest amphetamine manufacturing operations found in Australia .
The glassware alone was worth up to $ 100,000 .
There was also equipment , such as camouflage netting and generators , to allow the lab to be relocated to remote areas .
The searches found 74 firearms , including a Bren gun , a Remington assault rifle , and other guns stolen from the military .
There were plentiful precursor chemicals ( including 20 kilos of Sudafed tablets ) , lots of explosives , hundreds of blank birth certificates for identity fraud , and large amounts of drugs , cash , jewellery and gold nuggets .
The Nomads were involved in a range of criminal activities , and police recovered $ 1.5 million of stolen vehicles , heavy equipment and other items .
Eventually the NSW Crime Commission would confiscate more than $ 1.5 million of assets under proceeds of crime legislation .
Sibret led to the charging of 43 people , including 16 Nomads .
One reason so many convictions were achieved was because Walsh 's de facto , Julie Clarke , became a police witness , thereby gaining indemnity from prosecution .
Walsh received a sentence of 32 years , the longest ever given for a non-importation drug offence in Australia .
He was charged with supplying one tonne of amphetamines over a period of four years , but his sentence was based on a plea of guilty to supplying 400 kilos .
Todd Little received 24 years , mainly for manufacturing the drugs .
The others received lesser sentences .
The Nomads responded with anger .
Soon after the initial arrests , those still at large arrived in force at the Cricketer 's Arms , a pub in inner-city Newcastle where the police were known to drink .
The Nomads blocked off both ends of the street and went through the hotel in search of the Sibret detectives , who fortunately were not there .
They learnt the Nomads had hired private investigators to find out their home addresses , and security arrangements had to be put in place .
In September 2004 , about 35 Nomads from Sydney arrived at the Newcastle clubhouse and allegedly attacked local members , beating several and kneecapping two .
At this point the traditional loyalty of the gang appears to have broken down .
During the subsequent trial in 2007 , one of the men who'd been shot in both knees said it was because their Sydney colleagues were unhappy with the level of support Richard Walsh had been receiving in jail .
A man was caught filming the only Crown witness as he gave evidence , and a Nomad was removed from court for menacing the jury .
The three accused , who included Hassan '' Sam ' ' Ibrahim , were acquitted on all charges .
As the Herald said at the time , there is no suggestion the verdict had anything to do with the apparent acts of intimidation .
The Newcastle Nomads were shattered by Sibret and its fallout .
According to Sergeant Brian Burgess , the strike force 's intelligence officer , '' the chapter is very much a shell of its former self .
Their regular get - togethers are not what they used to be '' .
'' Sibret was one of the most successful hits on an outlaw motorcycle gang in Australia , '' Ken McKay says .
'' It sent a message to the gangs that they can't know who they can trust .
And it sent a message to the community that police are capable of working together and bringing down major criminal networks . ''
Although the growing sophistication of organised criminals is often alluded to , this was n't the case with the Newcastle Nomads .
They had a lawyer on call ; a barrister who liked to party with his clients and has since been disbarred .
Walsh had an accountant for his legitimate concreting business ( which he was hopeless at managing - the accountant was once heard on the phone asking how he was able to survive ) but engaged in no money - laundering activities .
The huge sums of money he earned were not invested in shares or property but blown on flash bikes and jet - skis , holidays at Jupiters Casino , were stashed under the bed in a box , and went up his nose as his own speed habit increased .
Unlike some other OMGs , the Nomads are a purely Australian phenomenon and seem to have had no international connections .
They did not import precursor chemicals but relied on the humble and relatively expensive Sudafed tablet as the basis of their drug operation .
What made it all work was the Mafia - like code of loyalty and use of extreme violence .
What brought it undone was the quality of the information provided by the informants .
The police are prevented by legislation from saying whether Peter and Wendy Bennett and Julie Clarke are in the witness protection program .
None has been seen around Newcastle lately .
These images show a recurring scar found in simulations that bears a strong resemblance to experimental images .
Scars were found to replicate and produce offspring states in agreement with quantum Darwinism .
Image credit : A.M. Burke , et al. © 2010 APS .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Physicists have found new evidence that supports the theory of quantum Darwinism , the idea that the transition from the quantum to the classical world occurs due to a quantum form of natural selection .
By explaining how the classical world emerges from the quantum world , quantum Darwinism could shed light on one of the most challenging questions in physics of the past century .
The basis of almost any theoretical quantum - to - classical transition lies in the concept of decoherence .
In the quantum world , many possible quantum states “ collapse ” into a single state due to interactions with the environment .
To quantum Darwinists , decoherence is a selection process , and the final , stable state is called a “ pointer state . ”
Although pointer states are quantum states , they are “ fit enough ” to be transmitted through the environment without collapsing and can then make copies of themselves that can be observed on the macroscopic scale .
Although everything in our world is quantum at its core , our classical view of the universe is ultimately determined by these pointer states .
Since quantum Darwinism was first proposed in 2003 by Wojciech Zurek of Los Alamos National Laboratory , several studies have found evidence to support the idea .
Most recently , a team of physicists and engineers from Arizona State University and the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington , D.C. , has performed experiments using scanning gate microscopy to image scar structures in an open quantum dot .
Their results have revealed the existence of periodic scar offspring states that evolve and eventually contribute to a robust state , much in the way that the derivation of pointer states is predicted by quantum Darwinism .
The “ scars , ” as the researchers explained , are actually scarring on the quantum wave functions , which cause the wave functions ’ amplitudes to be highly concentrated along classical trajectories .
Scars are traditionally thought to be unstable , where any small perturbation could break up the connection to the classical trajectory .
However , when scar states replicate and evolve through quantum Darwinism , becoming a family of mother - daughter states , they can become coherent and eventually stabilize into multiple pointer states .
To detect this scar replication , the researchers used scanning gate microscopy to scan a conductive tip over the scar structures at a constant height .
The tip acts as a local perturbation by causing a change in electrical conductance proportional to the sample ’s electron density at that location .
By measuring the change in conductance at different locations , the technique revealed that the scar structures have a periodic magnetic field that fits well with the idea of periodic offspring states .
“ The magnetic periodicity , which we used to get the experimental data results , is the ‘ smoking gun ’ for quantum Darwinism , ” coauthor David Ferry of Arizona State University told PhysOrg.com .
The agreement of the experimentally derived patterns and simulation patterns during variations in conductance also supports the idea that these periodic patterns represent offspring states .
As the scientists explain , when the magnetic field increases , these offspring modes “ push through ” an energy level called the Fermi level and emerge as pointer states , which are detectable .
The ability of pointer states to make copies of themselves and produce descendants , as shown in these observations , is a key requirement of quantum Darwinism .
By demonstrating this pointer state evolution in the scar structures of an open quantum dot , the physicists ’ discovery provides evidence for the theory of quantum Darwinism - and , in turn , why we live in a classical world that is free from quantum effects such as superposition and uncertainty .
Still , as Ferry explained , more work is needed before the theory becomes widely accepted .
“ It is a theory , and our data provides support , ” he said .
“ But , the experiments have to be confirmed by other groups , perhaps many times if the theory is to be fully accepted . ”
Explore further Quantum cryptography : No Signaling and quantum key distribution
More information : A.M. Burke .
“ Periodic Scarred States in Open Quantum Dots as Evidence of Quantum Darwinism . ” Physical Review Letters 104 , 176801 ( 2010 ) .
A.M. Burke .
“ Periodic Scarred States in Open Quantum Dots as Evidence of Quantum Darwinism . ” 104 , 176801 ( 2010 ) .
Doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.176801
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Orgone Blasters
For easy directions and a youtube video on how to make Ether Energy Orgone visit http://www.orgoneblasters.com/make-your-own.htm
Where To Put Orgone http://www.orgoneblasters.com
Put Orgone in every room of your house or apartment .
On top of your computer , tv , refrigerator …and especially under your bed , helps you sleep like a baby .
Put it in your yard in bushes , flower beds , on top of your roof , or in your gutters .
Get the front and back of your house or apartment building .
You want the Orgone to be able to assimilate into the atmosphere above your home .
Gift your neighborhoods , towns and cities with Orgone .
Throw it in trees , ditches , bushes , on top of buildings , anywhere it wo n’t be found by other people .
Once you get your own home and immediate area covered with orgone , drive out about 3 - 5 miles and get a radius ( north , south , east , west ) outside of your immediate area .
The more Orgone the better and chemtrails wo n’t stick in your area .
If you have water sources in your area get Orgone into them …lakes , rivers , ponds .
Yes you can plant / bury orgone .
Just deep enough to where a lawn mower wo n’t destroy it or get a hold of it and it wo n’t be found .
What Can Orgone Do ?
A bsorbs and ELIMINATES chemtrails - N eutralize the evilness of the towers !
- Repel evil entities and aliens , keep them out of your yard and home - Protect your home , yard , then cover your neighborhood , town , or city !!
If you do n't protect your areas they 're going to be stomping grounds for the Anuk and demons !
These last days , when the veil is lifted , are not going to be friendly !
-
Clean the air and help you breathe better .
Orgone can help those with asthma and those with breathing problems .
- Eliminates toxins , poisons and radiation from the air - Defeats chemtrails and keeps your skies clear - Improves breathing , helps those with asthma - Promotes natural health , keeps you from catching every flu virus under the sun - Knocks out bad thunderstorms before they get to your area , chills out tornados headed your way Asphyxiates evil , aliens can't breathe around it and it burns them !
- Keeps demonic entities out of your home and yard .
- Nullifies the effects of the strong subliminal messaging NWO towers erected everywhere - Stops ELF attacks - Helps you sleep better - Stops sleep abductions - Emits positive energy , evil can't stand being around it ! -
A defensive weapon in the last days to combat aliens and the NWO - Stops headaches and migraines , improves overall health - Those areas gifted with Orgone suffered the least amount of damage from Hurricanes and Tornadoes .
Orgone Has Mutliple Uses ... It Can Even Fight Against ELF Towers and High Tech Weapons !
Bucket Blasters -
You can use 1 , 2 , 3 pipes !!
These are Powerful !
You can make just the pipes and stick them into the ground as well .
You can learn to make your own at http://www.orgoneblasters.com/make-your-own.htm
or you can buy orgone blasters at http://www.orgoneblasters.com
However we do n't sell bucket or pipe blasters .
The Fox Nation website claims that Obama has n’t held a press conference since July 2009 , and that he is hiding from the media .
The same claim was made by Newsmax .
But Media Matters points out that Obama has held two full press conferences this year , one on February 9 and another on April 13 , where he answered questions from the media .
He has also had numerous other press availabilities .
What makes this hypocritical is that Fox News declined to cover the press conference back in July 2009 , in a spat because Obama did n’t call on their reporter in a previous news conference .
Fox was the first broadcast network to ever refuse to cover a presidential press conference .
They showed “ So You Think You Can Dance ” instead .
They also refused to cover the one in April 2010 .
But never content to be merely hypocritical , starting in July 2009 , in at least six separate programs , Fox News accused Obama of being overexposed because he was appearing on TV too often .
So which is it ?
Is Obama hiding from the media , or is he overexposed ?
I do have to admit that it is truly remarkable how Fox News manages to attack Obama , no matter what he does .
Perry insisted he did not see it , and that neither the victim nor the witnesses said anything to him at the time .
“ It did not occur in my presence , and I have no knowledge of it , ’’ he said .
Perry “ observed the strip search ’’ but “ did nothing to protect her , ’’ the complaint states .
No drugs were found .
“ Flanagan then put his hand inside her underpants along her body , ’’ the complaint says .
He then ordered her to pull up her shirt until her breasts were exposed and turn around . ’’
“ This search was conducted in the glare of headlights and spotlights from the police cars , ’’ the complaint states .
One of the officers under Perry ’s command asked the girl if she had any drugs .
The officer , Scott Flanagan , then ordered her to unbutton her pants and threatened to arrest her .
According to a civil complaint filed by the 14 - year - old ’s parents , the girl was with friends near a cranberry bog on May 22 , 1991 , when Wareham police officers pulled up , Perry among them .
A review of court records and interviews indicates that Perry was a central figure in the strip search scandal that rocked the small town of Wareham nearly 20 years ago .
Perry , a four - term legislator from Sandwich , is campaigning for the seat of US Representative William D. Delahunt , a Democrat who is not running for reelection .
Perry , who is battling former state treasurer Joe Malone for the GOP nomination , has been endorsed by Senator Scott Brown and former governor Mitt Romney .
The Globe is not naming the victims at the request of family members .
Perry yesterday adamantly denied wrongdoing , saying he was at the scene in the case of the 14 - year - old but did not witness the search .
In the case of the 16 - year - old , he said he was relaying what the officer had told him .
Perry , now a state representative , was not charged in the cases , but the officer who searched the girls pleaded guilty to indecent assault and other charges and was sentenced to four years in prison .
Perry was named as a defendant in civil cases brought by the girls ’ parents , which were settled out of court .
In one case , Perry was the supervisor at the scene when the officer stuck his hand in a 14 - year - old girl ’s underwear , ostensibly searching for drugs .
In the other , Perry accompanied the same officer to the house of a 16 - year - old girl to tell her parents that she had voluntarily pulled down her pants to show she did not have any drugs .
Republican congressional candidate Jeffrey D. Perry was involved , as a Wareham police sergeant in the early - 1990s , in two instances in which an officer under his command conducted illegal strip searches of teenage girls , cases that are under new scrutiny as Perry ’s political career advances .
The parents did not pursue charges , and the Wareham police did not discipline any of the officers involved .
Until it happened again .
On Dec. 31 , 1992 , Perry was the shift supervisor when Flanagan approached a 16 - year - old girl behind a Tedeschi ’s store and accused her of having marijuana .
After she turned her pockets inside out , Flanagan ordered her to follow him behind a trash bin .
He told her to pull down her pants , lift up her shirt , and turn around , while he shone a light on her .
Flanagan ordered her to pull down her underwear and turn around again .
“ He then said , ‘ How do I know it ’s not up there ? ’ ’’ the complaint says .
A civilian witness then intervened and demanded that Flanagan divulge his badge number .
Flanagan stopped the search and let the girl go .
Later that night , when Perry and Flanagan went to the girl ’s house , Perry told her parents that officers had seen their daughter with a substance that looked like oregano on her shirt and that if it had been marijuana she could have gone to jail .
When the girl ’s parents asked if officers had found marijuana , Perry said they had not .
Perry , as he was headed out the door , said , “ Oh , yeah , by the way , [ she ] pulled her pants down for us , ’’ according to her parents ’ sworn testimony .
The parents said they interpreted the officers ’ visit as an attempt to persuade them to keep quiet or risk having their daughter jailed .
Perry acknowledged yesterday that he made the statement to the girl ’s parents about her pulling her pants down , but he said he was simply relaying to them what Flanagan had told him .
He said Flanagan had notified him about the incident , and so he asked Flanagan to accompany him to the girl ’s house to talk to her and her parents .
“ I did what I think is good police work , ’’ Perry said .
The parents complained the next day to the Police Department , which referred the allegations to State Police .
Flanagan , who pleaded guilty in 1994 to violating both girls ’ rights and to indecent assault of a child , has since left the state and could not be reached for comment .
Perry resigned from the department in June 1993 , six months after the parents complained .
He said yesterday that his departure was unrelated and that he left to start his own private investigation business .
Perry produced a letter yesterday from the police chief at the time saying he was not under investigation or subject to disciplinary actions when he resigned .
Both girls ’ families filed civil lawsuits against Flanagan , Perry , and the town of Wareham .
The 14 - year - old girl ’s case was settled before trial .
In the 16 - year - old ’s case , Perry was dismissed as a defendant prior to trial because he was not present during the strip search , but a jury found Flanagan and the town liable , awarding the girl ’s family $ 50,000 in damages .
That case , too , ended in a settlement .
In both settlements , there was no admission of wrongdoing .
Lawyer Howard Friedman , who represented both victims , said he remembers the cases “ very well . ’’
“ The incidents with Sergeant Perry were part of the municipal liability claim , which was successful , ’’ he said .
Perry said that although he was named as a defendant , he was never questioned and never appeared in court .
He said that although he was aware of the allegations against him , he did nothing to rebut them or clear his name , because he said allegations in civil law suits are not necessarily true .
The 14 - year - old ’s father said he was surprised and angry that Perry is running for Congress .
“ There ’s nowhere he should run except out of town , ’’ he said .
Perry said that as a father , he would be angry , too , if a police officer assaulted his child .
Still , Perry said he would not have done anything differently , even now , knowing that an officer under his command committed crimes against teenage girls .
He placed the blame for the incidents on Flanagan .
“ My reflection now , and I ’m talking about Flanagan , ’’ he said , “ is people can be something to everyone ’s face and be something else in other places . ’’
Donovan Slack can be reached at dslack@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Hurt Locker producer Nicolas Chartier — you know , the guy who wants to sue tens of thousands of people for downloading his movie — has made two things very clear over email : pirates are morons , and let 's hope their kids are jailed .
Advertisement
The sentiments came in response to a Boing Boing reader who 'd written Chartier in protest over the suit .
A simple — and polite — note that the reader was planning to boycott movies from Chartier 's Voltage Pictures elicited the following email :
From : " Nicolas Chartier "
Date : May 15 , 2010 2:30:30 AM
PDT
To : [ redacted ]@[redacted ].com
Subject : RE : Hurt Locker lawsuit Hi Nicholas , please feel free to leave your house open every time you go out and please tell your family to do so , please invite people in the streets to come in and take things from you , not to make money out of it by reselling it but just to use it for themselves and help themselves .
If you think it 's normal they take my work for free , I 'm sure you will give away all your furniture and possessions and your family will do the same .
I can also send you my bank account information since apparently you work for free and your family too so since you have so much money you should give it away ...
I actually like to pay my employees , my family , my bank for their work and like to get paid for my work .
I 'm glad you 're a moron who believes stealing is right .
I hope your family and your kids end up in jail one day for stealing so maybe they can be taught the difference .
Until then , keep being stupid , you 're doing that very well .
And please do not download , rent , or pay for my movies , I actually like smart and more important HONEST people to watch my films .
best regards , Nicolas Chartier
Voltage Pictures , LLC
[ address , phone , other personal details redacted ]
Advertisement
So , that 's aggressive !
Also : counterproductive , probably .
Of course Chartier 's going to defend his company 's right to go forward with the lawsuits .
But to say that he does n't want people who support P2P downloads to even rent or pay for his movies is the type of scorched earth language that does n't advance the coversation ; it detonates it .
[ Boing Boing ]
Pamela
Grow is on a mission to eradicate the “ free ” mindset from nonprofits everywhere .
She has a point .
Nonprofits are notoriously stingy frugal .
Because of this mindset , many nonprofit organizations do all sorts of silly things , in the name of saving a buck .
The problem is , in order to make her point , Pamela only tells half the story .
While it ’s sometimes true that “ you get what you pay for , ” it ’s also true that “ some of the best things in life are free . ”
The trick for nonprofits ( as well as individuals and small businesses ) is to judge each free solution on its own merits and in relation to specific situations .
Free is Perfect When . . .
you are experimenting
Finding time to experiment with new ideas and tools is hard enough , why make it harder by having to find the money too ?
Give yourself permission to play with the free version , consider what might be possible , and then , after you ’ve built a business case for moving forward , consider upgrading to a more robust , paid version .
you have more time than money
Every nonprofit claims to have no money .
In the case of brand - new or tiny organizations , sometimes it ’s actually true .
If that ’s where you are , spending extra time to make free solutions work makes sense .
That having been said , “ no money ” is a place to start , not a place to stay .
Focus your time on building your capacity to join the ranks of nonprofit organizations that just say they have no money .
the free option meets your needs
If you find a free product that meets your organization ’s needs , there is no reason to trade up just because everyone else is doing it .
If you are relatively computer savvy and / or never use the the most specialized features of your office suite , there is no need to buy the latest version of Microsoft Office or suffer through using software 10 years past its sell - by date .
Open Office does everything you need to do .
If you send an e-newsletter to 300 people once per month , and have no need to expand that part of your marketing efforts , you do n’t need an e-mail service with all the bells and whistles .
Vertical Response and Mail Chimp have free options that will work perfectly for you .
Just be ready to upgrade to a paid service as soon as the free option starts to hold you back .
Free is a problem when .
. .
you spend your savings in staff / volunteer time
Paying someone to fight with a free solution may seem more cost effective than buying something better suited to your needs , but it usually is n’t .
When evaluating the cost of “ free ” it ’s essential to calculate time and money spent , as well as opportunity cost .
Often the free , but difficult , solution costs your organization more than paying for something that just works .
This problem is not solved by having volunteers do the fighting .
Volunteer time may not have the budget impact of staff time , but it is a limited resource .
You do n’t want to waste it , and you do n’t want volunteers to have a bad experience with your organization .
Unless you have someone who genuinely enjoys the challenge of the fight , asking a volunteer to do something you ’ would n’t ask a staff member to do is a bad call .
free limits your future options
Even if the free version meets your needs right now , be sure to consider what will happen when you grow .
If your current free solution makes it easy to move to a paid solution when the time comes , it makes sense to use the free version while it ’s working for you .
On the other hand , if there is no way to get your information / work out of the free product and into the paid product of your choice , run away .
Either pay for something that gives you more flexibility , or look for a better free option .
the free version is crap
Not all free solutions are equal .
Thanks to the Open Source software movement there are a lot of excellent , free tools for almost anything you can do on a computer .
There are also all kinds of free programs that run the gambit from pointless to actively malicious .
If your organization has no one to help determine which is which , choosing a free option can be tricky .
Free services can also be crap .
If someone offers to build you a free website , and six weeks later you still do n’t have anything , free was not a good deal .
If “ free ” means you have no control over content , the speed at which things get done , or if it makes you hesitant to ask for changes , the solution is not really free .
Your turn
What free resources do you love ?
Which tools get a line in your budget , no matter how tight things get ?
If this post was helpful , please sign up for e-mail updates at the top of the page , or add this blog to your RSS feed .
If any team signs free agent running back LenDale White , it ca n’t expect to have him for the first four games of the 2010 season .
Jason La Canfora of NFL Network reports that White is facing a four - game drug suspension .
It is not clear whether the Seahawks , who waived White today , knew of the pending suspension when they acquired him in a trade with the Tennessee Titans during the NFL draft .
But La Canfora reports that the reasons for the Seahawks releasing him go beyond the suspension .
A major California labor union is organizing medical cannabis workers in Oakland , a move that analysts say will help efforts to legalize marijuana and open the door for the union to organize thousands more workers if state voters pass a measure in November to allow recreational marijuana use by adults .
The 26,000 - member United Food and Commercial Workers Local 5 in San Jose is believed to be the first union in the country to organize workers in a marijuana - related business .
It is considering new job classifications including " bud tender " - a sommelier of sorts who helps medical marijuana users choose the right strain for their ailment .
" Union bud tender , " said Carl Anderson , executive director of AMCD , an Oakland nonprofit medical cannabis dispensary that is going through the city 's permitting process .
The dispensary has 15 freshly minted union employees as it readies for an expected opening in December .
" With full union health benefits and a pension , " Anderson said .
With roughly 100 cannabis industry workers in Oakland now in the process of unionizing , the move is mutually beneficial for labor and marijuana advocates .
The union , whose membership is dominated by commercial grocery store workers , retail clerks and some agricultural workers , gets to establish a toehold in a growing new pool of cannabis workers .
While its membership has been stable compared with those representing other sectors of the economy , the local 's rolls fell 5 percent last year as a result of layoffs and reduced hours .
Many new jobs foreseen
If California voters in November approve the Control and Tax Cannabis initiative , which would legalize marijuana possession and use of small amounts of marijuana for those over 21 and tax it , there could be thousands of new workers ripe for unionizing , said Dan Rush , a Local 5 organizer .
In addition to the retail clerks at the dispensaries , union organizers anticipate thousands of new cannabis - processing jobs , agricultural work for growers and security positions at dispensaries .
" These will be good union jobs with middle - class incomes , " said Ron Lind , the president of Local 5 and a vice president of the 1.3 million - member international union .
The union has not officially endorsed November 's legalization measure .
Those recommendations could come in July .
But Lind said the union 's national leadership is " supportive " of the local 's new outreach and it reflects the interests of members .
Removing a stigma
Getting unions involved may help destigmatize the legalization issue for union members who do n't already support it .
A Public Policy Institute of California survey released last week found that 49 percent of likely voters said they think marijuana should be legalized , while 48 percent felt it should n't .
The poll did n't ask voters whether they thought pot should be regulated and taxed .
Other polls show double - digit support for the legalization initiative in November .
Easing opposition
Seeing a union step into the discussion could melt some opposition .
" It does help further legitimize the notion of legalizing and taxing cannabis , " said Ken Jacobs , chair of the UC Berkeley Labor Center , which conducts research and education on labor issues .
" Local 5 is a very large and highly respected union .
This reflects a change about attitudes about cannabis in this state - and the recognition of the economic realities that California is facing , " Jacobs said .
While some industries may bristle at unionization , cannabis advocates embraced it .
" This is a major step - some are saying it's a game - changer , " said Jeff Jones , a pioneer in the medical cannabis movement who is executive director for the Patient ID Center in Oakland , which provides support to medical cannabis users .
Fifteen workers there are now unionized .
" This is helping to take a movement that had been operating underground and bringing it into the light , " said Jones , who is also one of the lead proponents of the November legalization measure .
Robert Prechter , What Do These 8 Technical Indicators Mean for the Stock Market ?
Editor 's Note :
The following article is excerpted from Robert Prechter 's April 2010 issue of the Elliott Wave Theorist .
For a limited time , you can visit Elliott Wave International to download the full 10 - page issue , free .
By Robert Prechter , CMT
Technical Indicators
It is rare to have technical indicators all lined up on one side of the ledger .
They were lined up this way — on the bullish side — in late February - early March of 2009 .
Today they are just as aligned but on the bearish side .
Consider this short list :
The latest report shows only 3.5 % cash on average in mutual funds .
This figure matches the all - time low , which occurred in July 2007 , the month when the Dow Industrials - plus - Transports combination made its all - time high .
But wait .
The latest report pertains only through February .
In March , the market rose virtually every day , so there is little doubt that the percentage of cash in mutual funds is now at an all - time low , lower than in 2000 , lower than in 2007 !
We will know for sure when the next report comes out in early May .
Regardless , the confidence that mutual fund managers and investors express today for a continuation of the uptrend rivals their optimism of 2000 and 2007 , times of the two most extreme expressions of stock - market optimism ever .
The 10 - day moving average of the CBOE Equity Put / Call Ratio has fallen to 0.45 , which means that the volume of trading in calls has been more than twice that in puts .
So , investors are interested primarily in betting on further rising prices , not falling prices , and that ’s bearish .
The current reading is less than half the level it was thirteen months ago and its lowest level since the all - time peak of stock market optimism from January 1999 to September 2000 , the month that the NYSE Composite Index made its orthodox top .
The 30 - day average stands at 0.50 , the lowest reading since October 2000 .
It took years of relentless rise following the 1987 crash for investors to get that bullish .
This time , it ’s taken only 13 months .
The VIX , a measure of volatility based on options premiums , has been sitting at its lowest level since May 2008 , when wave ( 2 ) of ( ( 1 ) ) peaked out and led to a Dow loss of 50 % over the next ten months .
Low premiums indicate complacency among options writers .
The quants who designed the trading systems that blew up in 2008 generally assumed that low volatility meant that the market was safe , so at such times they would advise hedge funds to raise their leverage multiples .
But low volatility is actually the opposite , a warning that things are about to change .
The fact that the options market gets things backward is a boon to speculators .
Whenever options writers are selling options cheap , the market is likely to move in a big way .
Combined with the readings on the Equity Put / Call Ratio , puts right now are a bargain .
In October 2008 at the bottom of wave 3 of ( 3 ) of ( ( 1 ) ) , the Investors Intelligence poll of advisors ( which has categories of bullish , bearish and neutral ) , reported that more than half of advisors were bearish .
In December 2009 , it reported only 15.6 % bears .
This reading was the lowest percentage since April 1987 , 23 years ago !
As happens going into every market top , the ratio has moderated a bit , to 18.9 % bears .
In 1987 , the market also rallied four months past the extreme in advisor sentiment .
Then it crashed .
The bull / bear ratio in October 2008 was 0.4 .
In the past five months , it has been as high as 3.4 .
The Daily Sentiment Index , a poll conducted by Trade - Futures.com , reports the percentage of traders who are bullish on the S&P .
The reading has been registering highs in the 86 - 92 % range ever since last September .
Prior to recent months , the last time the DSI saw even a single day ’s reading at 90 % was June 2007 .
At the March 2009 bottom , only 2 % of traders were bullish , so today ’s readings make quite a contrast in a short period of time .
The Dow ’s dividend yield is 2.5 % .
The only market tops of the past century at which this figure was lower are those of 2000 and 2007 , when it was 1.4 % and 2.1 % , respectively .
At the 1929 high , it was 2.9 % .
The price / earnings ratio , using four - quarter trailing real earnings , has improved tremendously , from 122 to 23 .
But 23 is in the area of the peak levels of P/E throughout the 20th century .
Ratios of 6 or 7 occurred at major stock market bottoms during that time .
P/E was infinite during the final quarter of 2008 , when E was negative .
We will see quite a few quarters of infinite P/E from 2010 to 2017 .
The Trading Index ( TRIN ) is a measure of how much volume it takes to move rising stocks vs. falling stocks on the NYSE .
The 30 - day moving average of daily closing TRIN readings has been sitting at 0.90 , the lowest level since June 2007 .
This means that it has taken a lot of volume to make rising stocks go up vs. making falling stocks go down over the past 30 - plus trading days .
It means that buyers of rising stocks are expending more money to get the same result that sellers of declining stocks are getting .
Usually long periods of low TRIN exhaust buying power .
For more market analysis and forecasts from Robert Prechter , download the rest of this 10 - page issue of the Elliott Wave Theorist free from Elliott Wave International .
Learn more here .
Robert Prechter , Chartered Market Technician , is the world 's foremost expert on and proponent of the deflationary scenario .
Prechter is the founder and CEO of Elliott Wave International , author of Wall Street best - sellers Conquer the Crash and Elliott Wave Principle and editor of The Elliott Wave Theorist monthly market letter since 1979 .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
' National Andrew Bolt is a Dickhead Day ' Bike Ride Let 's enjoy some of Andrew 's favourite things : bicycles , Asian culture and tofu .
Andrew has long been on the case that there 's too much Asian immigration and he despises cyclists because they all eat tofu .
Celebrate Andrew 's dickheadness on these great contributors to our culture with a ride from the city to Marrickville where we can have a beer in Vietnamese staffed pub and go over the road and and have some excellent Vietnamese or Chinese tucker .
Tofu is on the menu for those that want go the whole Andrew hog !
Facebook group : http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=374930252229&ref=ts
Opening hours Jura is currently partly closed due to COVID - 19 .
Open Saturdays only 12 - 5 pm for book sales and library access .
Where is Jura Books ?
Keep in touch
Our monthly email newsletter has upcoming events , news and more : Subscribe | Archive Follow us : Facebook | Twitter Jura is solar powered !
Jura Books is on the land of the Wangal people of the Eora Nation .
The Jura Collective acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the Land and pays our respect to Elders past and present .
We support the ongoing struggle of Aboriginal people for land rights , self - determination , and justice .
A note on accessibility :
The lower level of Jura ( the bookshop area ) is accessible for people using wheelchairs or with other mobility impairments .
However the library and toilets are up steep flights of stairs .
We can move most meetings and events downstairs upon request .
A new study by psychologists at the University of Leicester has identified dimensions of personality seen in persons prone to shoplifting .
Three characteristics in his study stood out : Being male ; unpleasant and antisocial ; and disorganised and unreliable .
The study also found that younger and outgoing people are more likely to pilfer from stores or commit minor fraud .
In a paper published in the journal Personality and Individual Differences , Dr Vincent Egan of the University of Leicester 's School of Psychology and a postgraduate student , David Taylor , revealed that a person 's inclination to shoplifting is related to their personality .
Dr Egan commented : " I 'm the kind of psychologist who thinks ' what kind of person does ( or does n't do ) antisocial things ? ' when I think about the crimes people commit , so I sought to explore the personalities of people who shoplift or fraudulent in commercial settings , compared to those who claim to be honest .
Most forensic psychological research with criminals focuses on sexual and violent offences , so it was interesting to think about different types of offender . "
Their findings are based on a sample of 114 shoppers aged from 16 to 80 years of age who anonymously completed four questionnaires to measure personality , consumer ethical beliefs , attitudes to shoplifting , and demographics .
Analysis of the data found those lower in emotional stability , higher in extraversion and lower on agreeableness , conscientiousness and intellect were more accepting of unethical consumer behaviour and shoplifting .
Dr Egan said : " My results suggest dishonest consumer behaviour is narrowly associated with how unpleasant and disorganised you are ; separate to this , people who commit fraudulent crimes associated with benefitting at the expense of the seller may simply be younger and more outgoing so carried away by the moment . "
Of the 114 sampled , 68 had never shoplifted , 30 had shoplifted more than a year ago , and 16 had shoplifted within the past year .
The active shoplifters were significantly younger than the inactive shoplifters and those who had never shoplifted .
The results also found all the currently active shoplifters were male .
Dr Egan added : " This study looked at ordinary British people visiting a large superstore .
It looked at a variety of ordinary shoppers , not just those who had been convicted of shoplifting .
We extended thinking by looking at the casual kinds of fraud some people commit .
By understanding the pathways into these kinds of offences , we can hopefully reduce them in the future . "
He notes shoplifting is a major concern within the British retail industry ; according to the Centre for Retail Research , Britain tops Europe 's shoplifting league , with over £ 1.5 billion in shop property stolen per annum , which costs each household an additional £ 150 .
It is hoped that these findings will lead to proactive ways to combat such criminal activity .
Yeomen of the guard pick up their lanterns as they prepare to conduct a ceremonial search in the Palace of Westminster Photograph : Matt Dunham / AP
Thursday , 6 May , 2010 - 10:49
The Royal Australian and New Zealand Collage of Psychiatrists ' Congress at SkyCity Convention Centre in Auckland brings together mental health experts in a diverse range of areas ; from children and adolescents to old age , mental health across the lifespan will be discussed .
Here are some highlights from this morning 's program .
Global warming fears seen in obsessive compulsive disorder patients
A recent study has found that global warming has impacted the nature of symptoms experienced by obsessive compulsive disorder patients .
Climate change related obsessions and / or compulsions were identified in 28 % of patients presenting with obsessive compulsive disorder .
Their obsessions included leaving taps on and wasting water , leaving lights on and wasting electricity , pets dying of thirst , leaving the stove on and wasting gas as well as obsessions that global warming had contributed to house floors cracking , pipes leaking , roof problems and white ants eating the house .
Compulsions in response to these obsessions included the checking of taps , light switches , pet water bowls and house structures .
" Media coverage about the possible catastrophic consequences to our planet concerning global warming is extensive and potentially anxiety provoking .
We found that many obsessive compulsive disorder patients were concerned about reducing their global footprint , " said study author Dr Mairwen Jones . ( 9 am )
Obesity in psychiatric inpatient populations higher than average
The proportion of obese people within psychiatric inpatient populations is high compared to the general population according to a recent study .
Data collected from 508 inpatients of a public mental health service at Fremantle Hospital in Western Australia has found that 30.3 % of the inpatient population was obese compared to the general population rate of 21.4 % .
A gradual increase in weight over a nine month time period was found in those patients where serial weights were recorded .
" Patients with personality disorders had the highest mean body mass index followed by patients with bipolar affective disorder , then patients with schizophrenia .
There is a need to address the obesity issue in this patient group as obesity is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes , " said study author Dr Jonathan Laugharne . ( 9 am )
Today 's keynote speakers :
Dr Nancy McWilliams , teacher at the Graduate School of Applied and Professional Psychology at Rutgers , the State University of New Jersey and expert on personality structure and personality disorders , psychodiagnosis , sex and gender , trauma and psychotherapy .
What Happened to our Shared Understanding of Mental Health ? ( 11 am )
A 36 - year - old Nigerian man was shot to death by a cop known to have violent , racist inclinations .
On Sunday May 23 , police raided some Nigerian traders at the Stadium bazaar in the Praga district of Warsaw .
One guy was apparently handcuffed and push to the ground .
His 36 - year - old colleague from Nigeria , Max , tried to intervene and get the police to stop brutalizing the other .
Max was shot in the stomach and killed .
There immediately started to be problems with police , who tried then to chase and round up the rest of the panicked African traders , mostly from Nigeria .
When more police arrived , some riot started .
People were throwing stones and bricks at the police and 4 police vans were destroyed .
32 people were arrested .
The police want to charge 25 of them for assault .
The police immediately sent their spokesperson to invent a good story for the media : that police were " surrounded and attacked " by a gang of agressive Africans , so they had to shoot Max .
The official media version was racist and uncritical of the police .
We later heard from eye witnesses and are still getting more testimonies and evidence .
ZSP released a statement and called for an emergency action the next day .
During the day , the TV interviewed Max 's wife , Monika , and Akai from ZSP , finally letting another version of events into the media .
Max had been in Poland legally for many years .
He was married to Monika , a Polish woman , with whom he has three children , aged 10 , 4 and 2 .
He was selling goods at the stadium as a second job to supplement his poor income and help support his family .
In the evening , people gathered at the site of the murder .
Some speeches were made and then there was a spontaneous demonstration to the police station were people are being held .
The protestors took over the main street in Praga and marched to the station .
There , a group of Max 's friends came and told people about what happened .
25 of the 32 arrested will be charged with assaulting a police office , which faces up to 10 years in prison .
The issue of how fast the well is leaking has been murky from the beginning .
For several days after the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig , the government and BP claimed that the well on the ocean floor was leaking about 1,000 barrels a day .
A small organization called SkyTruth , which uses satellite images to monitor environmental problems , published an estimate on April 27 suggesting that the flow rate had to be at least 5,000 barrels a day , and probably several times that .
The following day , the government — over public objections from BP — raised its estimate to 5,000 barrels a day .
A barrel is 42 gallons , so the estimate works out to 210,000 gallons per day .
BP later acknowledged to Congress that the worst case , if the leak accelerated , would be 60,000 barrels a day , a flow rate that would dump a plume the size of the Exxon Valdez spill into the gulf every four days .
BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , has estimated that the reservoir tapped by the out - of - control well holds at least 50 million barrels of oil .
The 5,000 - barrel - a- day estimate was produced in Seattle by a NOAA unit that responds to oil spills .
It was calculated with a protocol known as the Bonn convention that calls for measuring the extent of an oil spill , using its color to judge the thickness of oil atop the water , and then multiplying .
However , Alun Lewis , a British oil - spill consultant who is an authority on the Bonn convention , said the method was specifically not recommended for analyzing large spills like the one in the Gulf of Mexico , since the thickness was too difficult to judge in such a case .
Even when used for smaller spills , he said , correct application of the technique would never produce a single point estimate , like the government ’s figure of 5,000 barrels a day , but rather a range that would likely be quite wide .
In the minutes after a cascade of gas explosions crippled the Deepwater Horizon on April 20 , confusion reigned on the drilling platform .
Flames were spreading rapidly , power was out , and terrified workers were leaping into the dark , oil - coated sea .
Capt .
Curt Kuchta , the vessel 's commander , huddled on the bridge with about 10 other managers and crew members .
Andrea Fleytas , a 23 - year - old worker who helped operate the rig 's sophisticated navigation machinery , suddenly noticed a glaring oversight :
No one had issued a distress ...
Machine check ?
Check .
It is this modified BIOS that hooks into the machine check architecture ( MCA ) features that Intel says gives Xeon 7500s some of the reliability features it needed to compete with Itanium and mainframe architectures .
A second configuration of the machine , the A1080a - D , puts in two mobos and two service processors in the box , allowing for the machine use hardware partitioning to put two four - socket systems in a 7U space .
The A1080a - E is the eight - socket SMP version that gluelessly expands beyond four sockets to eight using Intel 's " Boxboro " chipset and without resorting to the node controller switching architecture that IBM is using in its ex5 chipset .
Eight Xeon 7500s sockets from NEC , glue not included
In an eight - socket config , the Express5800 / A1080a tops out at 64 cores and 128 threads running at 2.26GHz , and 2TB of main memory using 16GB memory sticks when they are supported sometime in the second half of this year .
NEC is supporting three of the Nehalem - EX chips in the box : the six - core , 2GHz E7540 ; the eight - core , 2GHz X7550 ; and the eight - core , 2.26 GHz X7560 .
There are eight other Xeon 7500 and 6500 ( special HPC variants ) available from Intel , but not in this NEC box .
Each mobo in the GX server has a dozen PCI Express 2.0 x8 slots and two x16 slots .
The chassis has room for twelve 2.5 - inch SATA or SAS disk drives , and the mobos have on - board SAS RAID controllers with six ports .
Eight sockets is a lot of headroom for many customers , but the whole point of the Itanium 91XX and Xeon 7XXX lines is to be able to scale up to 16 , 32 , or maybe even more sockets for truly large systems .
Having sold 32 - socket machines since 2002 , NEC knows that customers who need more scalability than an eight - socket box want to see a fatter Express5800 system .
And so the roadmap from NEC calls for the MX chipset to be available in two flavors - one scaling from 2 to 16 sockets and another scaling from 2 to 32 sockets .
This will not be a glueless design , obviously , because the Nehalem - EX chip does not have enough QPI ports to scale gluelessly beyond eight sockets .
By the way , the current Express5800 GX machine will also support the future " Westmere - EX " processor from Intel , due next year and probably sporting a dozen cores and giving a 50 per cent performance bump .
The Express5800 / A1080a GX server supports Windows Server 2008 and the R2 update of that Microsoft operating system , which has the code needed to support the MCA features on the Xeon 7500 processors .
Red Hat 's Enterprise Linux 5.5 also supports Xeon 7500s , but you will need RHEL 6 ( which is still in beta and not expected for a few months ) to support the MCA features .
If you like SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 , you 're going to have to wait until SP1 , which is expected in the coming weeks , for the MCA features to be supported .
And while NEC has certified VMware 's ESX Server 4.0 hypervisor on the machine , you need ESX Server 4.1 , which is in the works as well , to use MCA .
In a base configuration , an A1080a - S GX server with four X7550 processors and 128GB of memory costs $ 53,658 .
An eight - socket A1080a - D machine in an SMP setup ( meaning it does not use hardware partitioning , which adds costs because of the extra server processor ) with 256GB of memory costs $ 88,774 using the X7550 processors and $ 101,574 using the faster X7560 processors .
That 's an extra $ 12,800 , or 14.4 per cent , for maybe 13 percent more oomph .
About $ 7,704 of that is just the difference in the cost of Intel processors ( assuming 1,000 - unit prices ) .
The remaining $ 5,096 appears to be what we might call pure profit - or margin for haggling , more likely .
One last thing :
Like all the other former Itanium enthusiasts , NEC is walking very carefully when it comes to the quad - core " Tukwila " Itanium 9300 processors that were announced in February .
There are not going to be upgrades of the Express5800 / 1320 Xf servers running the new Itanium processor and supporting Windows and Linux workloads .
But Mitsch says that NEC is going to ship mainframes running its GCOS and ACOS proprietary platforms supporting the new Itanium chips .
The feeds and speeds of these machines were not available at press time , and they are sold mostly in Japan .
Windows Server 2008 R2 and RHEL 5 will be the last releases of operating system software from Microsoft and Red Hat to support the Itanium family chips .
Novell has not said what its
Itanium plans are , but it could turn out that SLES 11 will be the last release to support Itanium , something we wo n't learn until SLES 12 is getting closer to coming out .
If NEC gets in a pinch , it can always ink a reseller agreement with HP for an Itanium box .
NEC used to be a contributor to the HP - UX Unix platform , which shows you that HP and NEC are not always enemies in the server market . ®
Poll :
How mad are you that this thread is stickied ?
I am very mad because i am german .
Also i hate web 2.0 . ( 2650 )
50 %
I 'm not mad because it is very easy to see and is accessible ( 2616 )
50 %
5266 total votes ( 2650 ) 50 %( 2616) 50%5266 total votes
Your vote : How mad are you that this thread is stickied ?
( Vote ) : I 'm not mad because it is very easy to see and is accessible
( Vote ) : I am very mad because i am german .
Also i hate web 2.0 .
The first floppy disk was introduced in 1971 by IBM
Sony has signalled what could be the final end of the venerable floppy disk .
The electronics giant has said it will stop selling the 30 - year - old storage media in Japan from March 2011 .
Earlier this year Sony stopped selling the disks in most international markets due to dwindling demand and competition from other storage formats .
The slow death of the " floppy " or " diskette " began in 1998 when Apple decided not to include a floppy drive in its G3 iMac computer .
Since then various other firms have stopped support for floppy disks on the majority of machines , including computer giant Dell in 2003 .
Computing store PC
World said that it would stop selling them in 2007 when stocks ran out .
However , Sony has continued to sell the disks , and continues to ship them in the millions .
Now , the firm - which claims to have produced the first 3.5 in ( 9 cm ) disks in 1981 - has decided to halt sales completely faced with competition from online storage and portable USB drives .
* China reviewing euro zone debt holdings -- FT
* Euro sentiment negative ; contagion risk remains in focus
* U.S. durable goods orders , new home sales rise in April ( Updates prices , adds comment )
NEW YORK , May 26 ( Reuters ) -
The euro approached a four - year low against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday on persistent concerns about Europe ’s debt woes and after news suggesting that China was reassessing its euro zone debt holdings .
China is reviewing its euro zone bond holdings because of growing concerns about gaping deficits in countries including Greece and Portugal , the Financial Times reported on Wednesday .
“ China will likely move to clarify this headline in the near future and in the process try to placate market fears of China dumping euro bonds , ” said Matthew Strauss , senior currency strategist at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
“ However , the damage is done and the notion will stick , especially in a market that still prefers to embrace euro negative rather than positive news , ” he added .
In late New York trading , the euro EUR=EBS fell 1.6 percent to $ 1.2171 , after hitting a session low of $ 1.2166 on electronic trading platform EBS .
The euro last week hit its lowest level since April 2006 at $ 1.2143 on EBS and is down about 15 percent so far this year .
The euro could re-test the key $ 1.2135 long - term support level in the next few days , with a break opening the door for a deeper slide toward $ 1.2125 to $ 1.2050 , according to BNP Paribas .
The FT said representatives of China ’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange , or SAFE , which manages the reserves under the country ’s central bank , have been meeting with foreign bankers in Beijing to discuss the euro zone bond holdings .
For more , see [ ID : nWNA2135 ]
SAFE holds an estimated $ 630 billion of euro - zone bonds in its reserves , the newspaper said .
The exact makeup of China ’s roughly $ 2.4 trillion in foreign exchange reserves is a state secret .
Against the yen , the euro was at 109.48 yen EURJPY=EBS , near a session low .
On Tuesday , it tumbled to 108.83 yen , its lowest since November 2001 .
The euro also slid to a two - week low versus sterling EURGBP= D4 .
Concerns about tighter dollar funding , with three - month dollar interbank rates hitting a fresh 10 - month high , and poor demand at a German debt auction also weighed on the euro , analysts said .
For more see [ ID : nLDE64P0 GQ ] and [ ID : nLDE64P0 VB ] .
U.S. data showing a surge in durable goods orders and sales of new homes at nearly two - year highs added to the market ’s view the U.S. economy will outperform Europe .
[ ID :nN26186476 ]
“ The overarching themes remain the same .
The market is very fearful of the contagion factor and the debt issue dragging on the economy over there , ” said John Doyle , foreign exchange strategist at Tempus Consulting in Washington .
“ We ’re still very bearish on the euro and very hawkish on the dollar .
It does appear that the economies in the euro zone are in a much weaker position than here in the United States , ” Doyle said .
This week ’s pressure on the euro started after the Spanish central bank took over a small savings bank over the weekend , which raised fears of weaknesses in Europe ’s banking system .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said on Wednesday that Europe has the right ideas to solve its fiscal crisis and needs to put them into practice to calm markets .
[ ID: nLDE64P123 ]
Geithner was in London at the start of a two - day European visit to confer with officials about ways to shore up the world economic recovery .
He pressed for greater international cooperation to cope with the crisis spreading through southern Europe , which is sapping investor confidence .
The dollar was off 0.4 percent against the yen at 89.95 JPY = .
The ICE Futures U.S. dollar index , which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies , was up 0.6 percent at 87.306 .
DXY .
( Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez - Dreyfuss ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
" The NHL could learn a thing or two from the NBA about rigging playoffs , if you ask me . "
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A prank literally spelled out by some writers at the University of Utah student newspaper has prompted administrators to put a hold on their transcripts .
Senior student editors of the Daily Utah Chronicle did that for their final edition April 28 , and the nine letters on two editorial pages combined to spell out two words referring to genitalia .
One word is penis ; the other is a derogatory word for female genitalia .
Editor Rachel Hanson says she 's concerned the administration 's response could violate students ' right to freedom of the press .
The paper 's faculty adviser says while he does n't approve of the prank , the administration 's move could amount to censorship .
I do n't agree with the behavior at all , but I support their right to be idiots .
– Jim Fisher , an associate professor of communication and the paper 's faculty adviser
" It was childish and stupid , but it 's not a cause for institutional notice , " said Jim Fisher , an associate professor of communication and the paper 's faculty adviser .
" It , at the very least , has a chilling effect , and at the most could be censorship .
I do n't agree with the behavior at all , but I support their right to be idiots . "
The Chronicle has a tradition of hiding vulgar or racy phrases in the year 's final edition .
But in the past , the words were better hidden and in some cases have been tamer , like " drunk . "
The prank has drawn attention all over the social networks and blogosphere .
An associate dean has sent e-mails to these students , saying their records are on hold and they have to meet with her .
Students earlier this week got e-mails informing them of the holds on their transcripts and requesting a meeting with the associate dean of students .
The e-mail Hanson got said the students may have engaged in " intentional disruption or obstruction of teaching , research , administration , disciplinary proceedings or other University activities , " which could be grounds for disciplinary action .
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education and the Student Press Law Center wrote a letter to university officials defending the students ' actions .
" While the content in question might offend members of the campus community , it is unquestionably protected expression under the First Amendment , " the letter said .
The language used was offensive to many members of the university community ... men as well as women .
– University Vice President for Student Affairs Barb Snyder
University Vice President for Student Affairs Barb Snyder told The Associated Press that all nine students were allowed to participate in commencement activities Friday .
She said the hold on each student 's file would be removed after they meet with the associate dean to discuss the matter .
" We 're not in any way trying to interfere with their free speech rights , " Snyder said .
" The language used was offensive to many members of the university community ... men as well as women . "
" We 're just having a conversation about the motivation and what they learned from it , if anything , " Snyder added .
Writer Michael McFall said that while he defends the use of the word penis , he thinks the group abused its freedoms by printing the other word .
" We meant it in the anatomical opposite to penis , " he told The Salt Lake Tribune .
" We overlooked " that the word is derogatory to women , McFall added .
------
Story compiled with contributions from Andrew Adams and the Associated Press .
×
The new formula for the Middle East : the Turkey - Iran - Syria triangle ( L to R , Presidents Gül , Ahmadinejad and Assad ) .
In recent months the equilibrium of the Middle East has undergone a complete shift .
First of all , the capabilities and positions of a number of players have changed .
The Israeli armed forces , who had gone from one victory to another for decades , are no longer able to control the ground .
During their offensive against Lebanon ( 2006 ) and against Gaza ( 2008 ) , they displayed an increase of destructive power , but showed they are not longer capable of achieving their goals , in this case the destruction of Hezbollah and Hamas .
In addition , their arsenal , equipped as required by the United States , no longer guarantees their domination .
Their tanks have become vulnerable to Russian RPG , when they used to constitute the major component of their blitzkrieg .
Their navy is threatened by the land - sea missiles supplied to Hezbollah by China , which are now equipped with an anti-jamming system that they lacked in 2006 .
Finally , their air dominance will not resist for long to the proliferation of Russian S - 300 , currently being shipped to the region .
The quasi - independence of Iraqi Kurdistan engineered by the United States , the economic development of this quasi-state under Israeli control plus Washington ’s blatant support of the separatist Kurds under the PKK umbrella , compelled the Turkish military to a complete turnaround .
The Atlantic Alliance is no longer a warrant for Turkish territorial integrity and Israel becomes an enemy .
While Ankara is careful to placate Washington , the tone with Tel Aviv has continued to escalate since the altercation between Recip Erdogan and Shimon Peres at the Forum in Davos , and the diplomatic incident linked to the Turkish television series The Valley of the Wolves .
The Iraqi chaos and the creation of a quasi-state in Kurdistan have forced neighbouring states to work together to avert a spillover effect , especially since Washington has already attempted to destabilize them all to keep them out of the Iraqi game .
Thus the United States and Israel covertly supported Kurdish separatists in Turkey ( PKK ) , those in Iran ( Pejak ) and those in Syria .
As a result , the Iran - Syria axis has been replaced by the Iran - Syria - Turkey triangle .
This new alliance enjoys a historical legitimacy without parallel .
Since the Islamic Revolution , Iran has been the leader of the Shiites .
After Paul Bremmer ’s destruction of the Iraqi Baath party , Syria stepped in as the undisputed leader of the secular camp .
Finally , Turkey , heir to the Ottoman Caliphate , is the cradle of Sunni Islam .
Taken together , these states cover nearly the entire field of Middle Eastern politics .
This alliance has dropped the curtain on the Divide et Impera ( divide and rule ) policy , successfully applied by the colonial powers to dominate this vast region .
In particular , it puts an end to the Fitna , that is to say the Islamic " civil war " between Sunnis and Shiites .
King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has already invited Iranian President Ahmadinejad to join him in a pilgrimage to Mecca , of which he is the custodian .
As the heir of the Ottomans , Turkey embodies the historical legacy of Sunni Islam .
In addition , the new triangle widens Ankara ’s horizons constantly clogged by the endless procrastinations of the European Union .
The " de - Baathisation " process of Iraq , i.e. the hunting season against the former executive officers of the country , has caused a mass exodus .
In six years , more than one million Iraqis have been welcomed to Syria .
Such Arab hospitality includes totally free admission to schools and universities as well as access to the overall health system .
Initially , this vast immigration wave caused a serious economic crisis , but once digested , it has provided Syria with highly qualified executives and has injected a new dynamism .
The turmoil fomented by the United States in Yemen forced the Saudi royal family to support King Abdhallah ’s policy of appeasement towards Syria and Iran .
Consequently , the Hariri Lebanese - Saudi clan was asked to reconcile with President Bashar al - Assad and to recognize the legitimacy of the armed Lebanese Resistance .
Suddenly , the ambivalent results of the rigged 2009 parliamentary elections - where General Aoun and Hezbollah won by a majority of votes , but where a majority of seats was obtained by the coalition formed around the pro-American clan Hariri and the extreme Christian right - took on a different meaning , opening the way for a government of national unity .
While the warlords like socialist Walid Jumblatt made a 180 ° turn in order to go with the tide .
However , this trend remains fragile since Washington may still have the possibility to destabilize the new troika .
Be that as it may , several attempts by corrupt Syrian generals to overthrow Bashar al - Assad were foiled even before they could act .
The multiple attacks orchestrated by the CIA in the non-Persian provinces of Iran failed to trigger separatist revolts .
While the colour revolution , organized by the CIA and MI6 during the presidential election , was drowned out by a human tidal wave .
To the tens of thousands of protesters in the northern neighbourhoods of Tehran , the rest of the country responded with a massive demonstration of 5 million people .
Finally , it appears that Washington is incapable of resorting again to Gladio to establish a military dictatorship in Turkey .
On the one hand because the new generation of Turkish generals are no longer buttressed to Kemalism and secondly because the AKP Muslim - Democratic is intent on dismantling Ergenekon ( current version Turkish Gladio ) .
Washington and Tel Aviv could also fabricate fraudulent files to justify military action .
Thus , since 2007 , they have been alleging that Israel discovered and bombed a military nuclear research center in Syria and that Iran is developing a vast programe of a similar nature .
More recently , the same powers have accused Syria of having introduced Scuds into Lebanon .
However , these accusations do not stand up to analysis any more than those formulated by Secretary of State Colin Powell before the United Nations Security Council United Nations regarding Iraqi ’s alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction .
The numerous IAEA inspection teams that visited Iran only found evidence of civilian activities , and the UN peacekeeping forces in Lebanon have denied the presence of Scuds in the country .
On 23 February 2010 , Bashar al - Assad responds to Hillary Clinton ’s injunctions and defies Barack Obama by receiving Hassan Nasrallah and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
© Tehran Times
Russian makes its entrance
The loss of U.S. influence is so palpable that General David Petraeus , Commander of U.S. Central Command , has set off alarm bells in Washington .
In his view , the game played by the Israelis not only in Palestine , but especially in Iraq , has thwarted U.S. plans in the region .
Moreover , the stagnation of the GIs situation in Iraq and Afghanistan has made them hostages to Turkey , Syria and Iran , the only ones able to pacify the rebellious populations .
In a complete reversal of roles , the strategic ally of the Pentagon has become a burden , while its regional enemies are now its shields .
Noting the failure of U.S. plans to reshape U.S. Greater Middle East , Moscow has repositioned itself on the regional scene on the occasion of President Dmitry Medvedev ’s visits to Damascus and Ankara .
With regard to Israel , Russia reaffirmed that the political settlement of the conflict should be based on the relevant UN resolutions ( including the inalienable right of return for Palestinians ) and the principles of the Madrid conference ( return of the occupied territories , including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights , in exchange for a peace treaty ) .
Moreover , Dmitry Medvedev confirmed his country ’s preference for the two - state solution .
Given the presence of one million ex-Soviets in Israel , Moscow wants to forestall a foreseeable exodus in case the Zionist regime should fall .
In this context , he advocated for reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas , and met Khaled Mechaal , the political leader of the Palestinian resistance , notwithstanding Washington ’s stigmatisation of Hamas as a " terrorist " organisation .
This represents a decisive step for Russia : President Medevedev had refused three times to receive Mechaal when he passed through Moscow ; this time he had an interview with him and , what is more , in Damascus .
On this occasion , the Russian president stressed the increasing urgency of the humanitarian situation in Gaza and deplored Washington ’s lack of interest in solving this tragedy .
Finally , alluding to Israeli threats to bomb the convoys of weapons from Syria to Lebanon , he warned Tel Aviv against an escalation of tension .
Russia supports the political and economic rapprochement in progress between Iran , Syria and Turkey .
The three leading States in the Middle East have entered a phase of intense cooperation .
In a matter of months , they have opened their borders and liberalised their trade at an accelerated pace .
Their economies which were paralised by years of war have suddenly been energised .
Russia has no intention of staying out of this new area of prosperity .
Immediately , Ankara and Moscow have brought up the need for visas for their citizens .
In this way , a Turk can enter Russia without any formalities while he cannot do the same in the United States nor the EU , despite the fact that Turkey is a NATO member and a EU candidate .
Moscow has set up permanent consultative bodies at high diplomatic and economic levels with Damascus and Ankara , in contrast with the policy of the United States .
Earlier this year , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had ordered Syria to distance itself from the Resistance .
In response , President Bashar al - Assad immediately appeared alongside his Iranian counterpart Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah and ironically signed a document titled " Treaty of reduced distance " .
The meeting was convened short notice and Khaled Mechaal could not attend , but Hamas was nevertheless involved in the process .
Following up on his threats , President Barack Obama has renewed economic sanctions against Syria for another two years .
Rosatom and Atomstroyexport , which are completing the construction of a civilian nuclear plant in Iran ( Bushehr ) and are contemplating new ones , will build another one in Turkey for 20 billion dollars .
It should be launched in seven years .
A similar project is under study in Syria .
The lack of electricity in a region that withstood Israeli bombardments is the main obstacle to economic development .
From a Middle Eastern point of view , Russia ’s eagerness to build these power stations stems less from a commercial appetite than from a desire to provide the populations concerned with the means to accelerate the economic development that Westerners have denied them for so long .
In addition Stroitransgaz and Gazprom will ensure the transit of Syrian gas to Lebanon , Beirut being prevented by its Israeli neighbour from exploiting its large reserves offshore .
Militarily , Russia has taken delivery of its new naval base in Syria .
This will allow it to restore the balance in the Mediterranean from which Russia has been more or less absent since the dissolution of the USSR .
It also confirmed the forthcoming delivery of S - 300 missiles to Tehran to protect Iran from U.S. and Israeli threats of bombardment .
While condemning Iran ’s provocations , Russian diplomats have reiterated that they do not believe in Western accusations about Iran ’s and Syria ’s alleged nuclear weapons programme .
While the protocol among the states bordering the Caspian Sea only provides for a supply of arms to Iran in case of attack , President Dmitry Medvedev spoke of a possible direct involvement of Russia and warned the United States against a war in Iran that could degenerate into a Third World War .
On this basis , he endorsed the denuclearization plan of the region , that is to say the dismantling of the Israeli nuclear arsenal .
The case has recently been brought before the IAEA .
In October 2009 , Turkey and Armenia establish - at last - diplomatic relations .
The Caucasian space has opened for Ankara ( from left to right the Turkish and Armenian Presidents , Gul and Sargsyan ) .
Russia attaches special importance to helping Turkey resolve its ancient disputes with Greece and Armenia , including the Cyprus and Nagorno - Karabakh conflicts .
Thus , Ankara could move away permanently from Tel Aviv and Washington and recover its full independence .
Important , albeit insufficient , steps have been made by President Abdullah Gül vis -à - vis Yerevan .
Ignoring 95 years of hatred , Turkey and Armenia established diplomatic relations .
Further progress should follow vis-à - vis Athens with the blessing of the Orthodox Patriarch Cyril I of Moscow .
From this point of view , Recip Erdogan ’s visit to Greece marks a historical event that boosts the process of reconciliation in the Aegean Sea , which began in the 30s and was interrupted by the Second World War .
The presidents of Russia , Turkey , Dmitry Medvedev and Abdullah Gul .
The Cold War enemies close ranks to stabilize " the Middle East and the Caucasus . "
Disrupting U.S. strategy in the Black Sea and the Caspian , Ankara accepted a huge Russian investment to build a pipeline between Samsun to Ceyhan .
It is expected to carry Russian oil from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean without having to use the straits , unfit for the transit of pollutants .
Identically , Ankara is considering its possible involvement in the Russian South Stream gas pipeline project .
If it were to be confirmed , it would render ineffectual the competing Nabucco project sponsored by the United States and the European Union .
Ultimately , Russia ’s support ensures the sustainability of the Tehran - Damascus - Ankara triangle in the face of U.S. and European hostility .
The strategic balance in the Middle East has tipped .
The shockwave could spread to the Caucasus .
==
Related articles :
High - stakes Eurasian Chess Game : Russia ’s New Geopolitical Energy Calculus , by F. William Engdahl , Voltaire Network , 30 March 2101 .
Ukraine Geopolitics and the US - NATO Military Agenda , by F. William Engdhal , Voltaire Network , 24 March 2010 .
Turkey and Israel : What Lies Behind the Recent Volte Face , by Gönül Tol , Voltaire Network , 21 March 2010 .
The Geopolitical Great Game : Turkey and Russia Moving Closer , F. William Engdahl , Voltaire Network , 1 March 2010 .
La géopolitique des pipelines à un tournant capital , by M. K. Bhadrakumar , Voltaire Network , 1 February 2010 .
The Israeli Lobby appeals before the US Congress to stop the Ergenekon trial in Turkey , Voltaire Network , 21 November 2009 .
Turkey , Washington ’s geopolitical pivot , by F. William Engdhal , Voltaire Network , 17 April 2009 .
Who ’s Behind the PKK ?
In a word : Washington , by Justin Raimondo , Voltaire Network , 3 November 2007 .
Oil and gas stream from the riser of the Deepwater Horizon well
Surface slicks may account for as little as 2 per cent of the oil now spilling into the Gulf of Mexico , according to a study of a controlled deep - water spill conducted in 2000 by the US Minerals Management Service and a consortium of oil companies , including BP .
The study challenges the estimate by federal officials , based on the amount of oil on the sea surface , that around 5000 barrels ( 800 cubic metres ) of oil per day are pouring into the sea from the site where the BP - operated drilling rig Deepwater Horizon was destroyed by fire last month .
It also adds weight to reports of massive underwater oil plumes that government officials are now downplaying .
In June 2000 , Project Deep Spill released hydrocarbons into the sea off the coast of Norway at a depth of about 800 metres .
The tests included releases of 60 cubic metres of crude oil and 60 cubic metres of diesel fuel over separate 1 - hour periods .
Advertisement
Researchers were unable to calculate the amount of crude oil that surfaced because it emulsifies or mixes with water .
They did , however , determine that only between 2 and 28 per cent of the diesel fuel that was released rose to the surface .
The average was 8.7 per cent .
Under a controlled , well - monitored experiment , you could n’t find it all , says environmental engineer Eric Adams of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
“ Now you ’ve gone deeper by a factor of 2 , with a more violent release ; it ’s not surprising that you might not see it all . ”
The large percentage of diesel fuel that went missing in the 2000 study was put down to evaporation and natural dispersion .
In a 2005 review of the experiment , however , Adams suggests that much of the diesel fuel and crude oil remained submerged in the form of droplets that only slowly made their way to the surface .
In the Deepwater Horizon spill , the chances of oil remaining below the surface are even greater , Adams says .
If oil mixes with water at depth , the high density of this water can balance out the hydrocarbons ’ natural buoyancy .
“ It can reach a point where the aggregate density of water and oil is neutral to its surrounding environment . ”
The result could be large quantities of oil remaining suspended in the water column in droplet form .
The recent addition of chemical dispersants injected into the plume at depth is likely to encourage this .
Massive subsurface oil plumes have been reported from the Deepwater Horizon spill by the research vessel Pelican , including one up to 90 metres thick that extends for 16 kilometres by 4.8 kilometres .
Researchers aboard the Pelican also reported a 30 per cent reduction in oxygen levels in waters near some of the plumes .
But the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which funds the Pelican , has called the reports misleading and premature .
NOAA ’s Charlie Henry says it is “ totally untrue ” to call the plumes – samples of which reveal them to be transparent – layers of oil .
NOAA also says the reduction in oxygen is not marked enough to be of concern .
Carys Mitchelmore of the University of Maryland ’s Chesapeake Biological Laboratory says a 30 per cent reduction in oxygen would be “ highly significant ” to some species .
Toxicologists , she says , need detailed information on the chemical make - up , concentration , movement and longevity of the suspended hydrocarbons .
So far , federal agencies have n’t been forthcoming , Mitchelmore says .
“ We do n’t even know how much oil is being released . ”
A history of covert mass medication
Fluoride and covert medicine
( Natural News ) The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is gaining a reputation for funding technologies designed to roll out mass sterilization and vaccination programs around the world .
One of the programs recently funded by the foundation isthat would use sharp blasts of ultrasound directed against a man 's scrotum to render him infertile for six months .
It might accurately be called a " temporary castration " technology .
Read more about it here : https://www.naturalnews.com/028853_ultrasound...
Now , the foundation has funded a new " sweat - triggered vaccine delivery " program based onpenetrating human skin .
The technology is describes as a way to " ... develop nanoparticles that penetrate the skin through hair follicles and burst upon contact with human sweat to release vaccines .
"
The research grant money is going to Carlos Alberto Guzman of thein Germany and Claus - Michael Lehr and Steffi Hansen of the These are both part of the Gates Foundation 's involvement in the " Grand Challenges Explorations " program which claims to be working to " achieve major breakthroughs in global health . " ... breakthroughs likeandthat could beadministered even without your knowledge , it turns out .
These nanoparticles could be used in athat 's sprayed on to every person who walks through an airport security checkpoint , for example .
Or it could be unleashed through the ventilation systems of corporate office buildings or public schools to vaccinate the masses .
You would n't even know you were being vaccinated .
This technology is potentially very dangerous to your health freedom .
Using it , governments or drug companies ( which are all the same thing these days ) could create athat 's handed out and described as " sunscreen . "
But when you put it on , you 're actually vaccinating yourself as the nanoparticles burrow underneath your skin and burst , releasing foreign DNA inside your body .
But why would the government medicate people without their knowledge or consent , you ask ?.
Fluoride is a drug , and regional and national governments all over the world are using the water supply as a way to deliver the fluoride drug to people whether they need it or not -- and without any proper medical diagnosis or prescription .
So if governments are already covertly medicating people with fluoride in the water supply , they 've set the stage mass - vaccinating people through similar channels , such as the air supply in buildings .
And thanks to Bill Gates , this nanotechnology needed to pull this off is now being funded .
Is this really a " major breakthrough in global health ?
" I suppose it is if you believe inwhere you dose people with drugs or vaccines without their knowledge .
Western medicine is so offensive to rational people that it can't even operate out in the open .
That 's why it resorts to covert contamination of the water supply in order to force the public to swallow its drugs .
Oh , by the way , to anyone who argues that fluoride is not a drug , remember this : According to the FDA , any chemical substance that has a biological effect on the human body is , by definition , a drug .
Therefore fluoride is a drug , too .
Even more , fluoride is promoted with outlandish claims about " preventing cavities " by swallowing it , making it an " unapproved drug " according to the FDA .
So how is it that this unapproved drug can be dripped into the water supply and forced upon hundreds of millions of people without a single diagnosis of fluoride deficiency or even a single prescription from a doctor ?
The answer is that western medicine is so arrogant that it does not believe it needs to follow any rules , regulations or laws .
It is a system of " bully " medicine where drugs are shoved down your throat by being covertly dripped into the water supply without your consent .
So why should we believe vaccines will be any different ?
If mainstream medicine can find a way to force every person to unknowingly be injected with vaccines , make no mistakeAnd such efforts will no doubt have the continued financial support of Bill Gates .
The Daily Tell : http://www.thedailytell.com/2010/05/gates-fo...
Puget Sound Business Journal : http://www.bizjournals.com/seattle/stories/2...
Everywhere in nature , biologists say , are examples of animals behaving as though they were at least vaguely aware of death 's brutal supremacy and yet unpersuaded that it had anything to do with them .
Michael Wilson , an assistant professor of anthropology at the University of Minnesota who has studied chimpanzees at Jane Goodall 's research site in Gombe , said chimps were " very different from us in terms of what they understand about death and the difference between the living and the dead . "
The Hallmark hanky moment alternates with the Roald Dahl macabre .
A mother will try to nurse her dead baby back to life , Wilson said , " but when the infant becomes quite decayed , she 'll carry it by just one leg or sling it over her back in a casual way . "
Juvenile chimpanzees display signs of genuine grief when their mothers die .
In one famous case in Gombe , when a matriarch of the troop named Flo died at the age of 50 - plus years , her son , Flint , proved inconsolable .
Flint was 8 years old and could easily have cared for himself , but he had been unusually attached to his mother and refused to leave her corpse 's side .
Within a month , the son , too , died .
Yet adult chimpanzees rarely react with overt sentimentality to the death of another adult , Wilson said .
As a rule , sick or elderly adults go off into the forest to die alone , he said , and those that die in company often do so at the hands of other adults , who " sometimes make sure the victim is dead , and sometimes they do n't , " he said .
The same laissez - faire attitude toward death - versus - life applies to chimpanzee hunting behavior .
" When they 're hunting red colobus monkeys , they will either kill the monkeys first or simply immobilize them and start eating them while they 're still alive , " Wilson said .
" The monkey will continue screaming and thrashing as they pull its guts out , which is very unpleasant for humans who are watching . "
For some animals , the death of a conspecific is a little tinkle of the dinner bell .
A lion will approach another lion 's corpse , give it a sniff and a lick , and if the corpse is fresh enough , will start to eat it .
For others , a corpse is considered dangerous and must be properly disposed of .
Among naked mole rats , for example , which are elaborately social mammals that spend their entire lives in a system of underground tunnels , a corpse is detected quickly and then dragged , kicked or carried to the communal latrine .
And when the latrine is filled , said Paul Sherman of Cornell University , " they seal it off with an earthen plug , presumably for hygienic reasons , and dig a new one . "
Among the social insects , the need for prompt corpse management is considered so pressing that there are dedicated undertakers , workers that within a few minutes of a death will pick up the body and hoist or fly it outside , to a safe distance from hive or nest , the better to protect against possible contagious disease .
Honeybees are such compulsive housekeepers that if a mouse or other large creature , drawn by the warmth or promise of honey , happens to make its way into the hive and die inside , the bees , unable to bodily remove it , will embalm it in resin collected from trees .
" You can find mummified mice inside beehives that are completely preserved right down to their whiskers , " said Gene Robinson , professor of entomology at the University of Illinois in Urbana - Champaign .
Sort by : Languages English French Spanish Italian German Swedish Portuguese Dutch Norwegian Regions North America/ UK / Australia Western Europe Central / Eastern Europe Central / South America Asia Africa Features HD ( best quality ) Audio Phone Party Chat Gold Show Submit
Amandababyxx High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f US
Alpha_Goddess High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 32 f GB A Sublime Seductress for your Surrender , Spoiling and Submission
LaceymaeBabes … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f GB Lace Mae , Babestation Babe .
Come join my naughty cam .
Emily_English High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 62 f GB
Sexy , mature , curvy , and full of naughty fun .
So lets have some
AnaBeLove High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 34 f MC ~4KHDCAM-Watch Me~Vibe Toy - Play Me~Sexy & Naughty - Enjoy Me~
skyebaeby High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f GB
Its_Brooke_R … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 31 f GB
TiaMarie_Orp… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 31 f GB I am TiaMarie_Orphic .
Let 's have some horny memories together !
ULadyVIP High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 37 f GB
I'm here for you to make all your fantasies come true
LissaPink Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f ES
I 'm an alternative girl , tender and spicy come and know me .
AdeleBlake High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES
I am an extroverted , creative and passionate woman of life
Keidy_Evans Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I like to have new experiences , I will surprise you !
...
KaylaFoxy Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 34 f RO
I am the woman who can make your fantasy come to life ..
Addicted2Me High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 32 f HU Welcome to my Erotic World !
I LOVE TO MAKE U LooSE CONTROL !
Marussia_Luxu… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 29 f RO
I will give you a taste of the finer side of lust with me
AnneCastillo High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 24 f ES
I am a sweet girl , do n't be fooled i can be an angel and a demon
GoldCurves High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f GB # c2 c # taboo # pov #bbw #dirty # dildo #toys # fetish #sph-ROLEPLA
Elsaxx High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f BG
Hello guys , enjoy with me and you will not regret .
Victoria_T … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES
I desire to fulfill your fantasies and become your temptation .
LovelyEileen High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f HU Lovely and Sweet girl looking for spending great time ! ...
GeekDolls High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 ff GR
MiaXXXRose High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f GB
I 'll give you an unforgettable pleasure .
You 'll like it i promise
AngelicFelisha High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f BG
A real diva who 's out of your league .
Do you wonder why ?
Sensations4U High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 29 f ES NO1 is PERFECT n im NO1 :P Welcome 2 my WORLD ..
HOPE U ENJOY IT
MelisssaBens Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 32 f UA
You can't know what I want , even I do n't know it ... ...
Shannonxoxox High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f ES the imagination is to sex what the wind to the saxophone
BellaXSecret High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f GB
Hot brunette with cool body waiting for you to spend nice time )
Kay_LeeX Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f GB
*** Naughty London Girl *** VIBE TOY AVAILABLE *** JOIN ME ***
Abony High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 35 f LV
Sexy
Milf here for you !)
Lets have fun and cum ! ) ...
XxSweety_G… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 29 f GB
Tender lady with a lovely smile ... Touch me ...
Feel me ...
It 's me
RichardaLove High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f RO
Lets spend some time together and u will not regret ...
SusiSmart High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 39 f DE
CatKissess4you High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f ES
I 'm a naughty girl ready to experience new things .
CoralAdams Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
TeenieMarie High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 18 f US pick me .
Pick Me. Pick Me! PICK ME ! PLEASE , pick me ..
IreneLUVE Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f LV
Hello guys !
who wanna have time with sweet anjel ?
Join here !
BrianaPrest … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f ES
I am a woman who knows what she wants , fulfill fantasies
Lucy_Bolton High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f GB
Horny things , Amazing histories and a lot of sexual fetishes oh !
DakotaCollyas High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f ES
I want to please you , and teach you everything I can do for you
MaggyFords High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f RO
I liberated and feminine woman with grace and sexuality ...
SterlingX Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 40 f US
Finally , a Tall , Natural , Filthy , Long Haired MILF ... ...
Vivian_WardX … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 36 f US
Most of the time , I am actually very much into the kink myself .
DemiOwens High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f ES
Friendly , kind , cheerful and outgoing !
so do you can come here ..
Fendralisa High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f GB
I 'm hungry for your CUM !
NEVER GET ENOUGH !
Give it to me !
KAYILEE Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f RO
I am an extroverted woman , extremely open minded !
Discover me !
KimWalker High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
MorganDelan … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 29 f US
Bringing you in and keeping you coming back .
XOXXXO
IvyAndFelixSh… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 mf IT Welcome to Fuckland , the place where your fantasies come true
ninaLovegood Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f US
I do n't know the answer , but sex is definitely the answer .
Hot_Niagara High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f LV
Hey gyus !
Let 's be friends .
Jump in my waterfall of love
The_Asian_… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f US
EllaCartter Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 20 f ES
I nice to meet you , I 'm a girl very cheerful and tender :3
RebeccaLenon Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f ES
Do not be fooled by my sweet face .
Naughty and coquettish .
BeckyWhiite Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 25 f DE
StaceyFox High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 31 f ES
Young and sexy girl .
I love the funny and horny shows ...
fairyoutdoors Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f ES
NatalieRae High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f US
Aylena High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 33 f FR
Fetish , heels , foot , tease , denial , cum control , , STRAPON
SelenneNoir High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f RO
My dance pole is ready , let me arouse you !
Let 's do it !
Sofie_Diamond High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 36 f GB
SpicyKira Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f RU
A girl like no other !
Sugar , spice and a spoonful of sexy !
ArySmith Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 24 f ES
I 'm fun and naughty !
I love to experience new things every day !
SexyAgentGirl High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 24 f LV
HollyBristol Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f ES
Come to discover with me a world of sexies fantasies !
...
AriiannaCol … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
Hi , I 'm Arianna a girl with a lot of energy and a desire to play
Errin_Lanne Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f GB
KarlaMiuler High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I 'm the girl longed for by you , I 'm still an angel and a devil .
BlackLuna69 Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 31 f IT HY ; Im Kristine and i want to have a lot of fun , , , love c2c !
CLAUDDIA Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f RO
Fun and sexy girl willing to make your night bettter ! ...
GEORRGYA High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 38 f RO
A single woman wants to make your life fabulous !
Just try
EllieMendez High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 34 f ES
Im a very seducing girl , passionate , sexy and very tender .
VioletaJonex High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f ES
I 'm a friendly , sweet woman with a touch of spice and sexy .
clulessdance … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f US
Come and lets have fun !
I really enjoy dancing to classic rock :
D
Tanya_Angel High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f RU Little naughty
Angel here for fulfill your sweet dreams ...
ParadiseDaisy High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 38 f NL
Anabell_Sm … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 22 f ES
Love is like poker has a good partner ...
Or a good hand .
Elly_sex High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 18 f CH
LittleRedBunny High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US
I am natural red and like it hot , sweet and spicy .oh ... and wet !
JennyferDre… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f GB
You know how to set me free .
You were born to love like me ;)
President Barack Obama joked Saturday that he would use predator drones to kill the Jonas brothers if they tried to court his daughters .
One newsman who is known for praising the president is n’t laughing .
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann said Monday Obama ’s joke went too far .
During his second appearance at the annual White House Correspondents Association Dinner Saturday , Obama said :
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Jonas Brothers are here , they ’re out there somewhere .
Sasha and Malia are huge fans , but boys , do n’t get any ideas .
Two words for you : predator drones .
You will never see it coming .
You think I ’m joking ? ”
The quip has been compared to a joke by President George W. Bush a previous year making light of the fact that WMDs were never found in Iraq .
Philadelphia Daily News ‘ Will Bunch tweeted .
“ Let ’s be honest , fellow progressives , we ’d be all over Bush if he made the same ‘ predator drone ’ joke Obama told last night . ”
Olbermann seemed to agree with that assessment Monday night .
“ The modern benchmark for going too far with humor in a presidential address was infamously achieved in March 2004 .
President Bush one year into the war in Iraq narrating the slide show at the Radio and Television Correspondents Association Dinner in Washington .
‘ Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be somewhere , ’ [ said Bush ] .
Not everybody laughed .
In hindsight , it has gotten less funny still , ” said Olbermann .
ADVERTISEMENT
Jonathan Alter joined Olbermann to discuss the president ’s performance .
“ Did he or do we know who did the predator drones jokes about the Jonas brothers and did you think they were in bounds ?
Because , frankly , I thought that was over the edge .
I thought that was almost in [ Bush ’s ] ‘ where are the weapons of mass destruction ?
Under the desk ’ thing , ” Olbermann asked Alter .
“ Well , Keith , I would submit that you are not like me , the father of two daughters , ” answered Alter .
“ If someone comes for your preteen daughters , predator drones are actually a mild response . ”
Death by predator drone is n’t a laughing matter for many of Obama ’s critics on the left .
Adam Serwer at the American Prospect wrote , “ You have to wonder why in the world the president ’s speech writers would think it was a good idea to throw a joke about predator drones into the president ’s speech during the White House Correspondent ’s Dinner , given that an estimated one - third of drone casualties , or between 289 and 378 , have been civilians . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast May 4 , 2010 .
Meet the APad the Chinese clone of the Apple iPad and it does not run some dumb piece of software like Chinese clones .
In fact the reason it ’s called APad is because it runs on Android OS .
The success of the Apple iPad might speed up the production look alike tablet devices and the APad looks too good to be true .
Looks like they are looking to capitalize on the flaws of the iPad by providing a Webcam , USB port , Memory Card slot etc .
We hope its just not a mockup but a real product
APad Specifications
Dimensions ( HWD ) : 190.5×118.5×14.7 mm Weight : 332g CPU Processor Speed : 600MHz/500 MHz DSP Memory / ROM : 2 GB Memory / RAM : 128MB + Memory Slot : T - flash Camera : 30 W to 130W Pixels digital camera Color Display : 7 inch TFT LCD with Resistance Touch Screen Resolution : 800×480 Battery Type : rechargeable Polymer battery .
Battery Capacity : 3000 mAh USB : Yes , Mini USB 2.0 Speaker : Yes G Sensor : Yes I / O Ports : Mini USB 2.0 , T - flash , 3.5 mm headphone , In - built microphone .
Wireless Network : WiFi 80211b/g Software : OS Android 1.5 Browser : Google Browser Video : MKV ( H.264 HP ) , AVI , RM , RMVB , FLV , MPEG - 1 , MPEG - 2 Music : MP3 , WMA , APE , FLAC , AAC , AC3 , WAV Photo : JPEG , BMP , GIF , PNG , TIFF E-mail : G-mail GPS : Google Map
APad Price and Availability
The price of the APad is expected to cost around 169 – 199 USD when it does on sale in a few weeks in China .
May be such devices might force Apple to bring down the price of the iPad which starts at $ 499 .
Are you excited about the APad ?
via iPMart
Faisal Shahzad , the man accused of attempting to detonate a car bomb in the middle of New York City , spent three years working as a financial analyst for Affinion Group Holdings Inc. , a marketing and security firm that employs as its spokesman someone quite well known to fans of Steven Spielberg movies .
His name is Frank Abagnale , currently the top spokesman for Affinion ’s line of privacy protection services .
The con artist character in Spielberg ’s 2002 film “ Catch Me If You Can “ , starring Leonardo DeCaprio and Tom Hanks , was based on Abagnale who , as a youth , posed as a pilot and actually faked his way into illegally flying commercial aircraft , among other harrowing and brazen acts of fraud .
ADVERTISEMENT
After being captured in France at age 21 and spending five years in various prisons , he was released on the condition that he aid the government in preventing others from following in his footsteps .
And for three years , Pakistan - born Faisal Shahzad toiled away for the very same Connecticut - based company .
For a firm with the slogan “ Do n’t Be Caught Off - Guard “ , the revelation that they employed a man now accused of terrorism would seem to be especially damaging .
“ He left in June 2009 , almost three years to the day he joined , ” an Affinion spokesman told Business Week , which did not catch the story ’s bizarre Hollywood connection .
“ He declined to comment on ShahzadÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s professional behavior and said his company is co-operating with federal and state investigators , ” the publication added .
Shahzad had lived with his wife in a Connecticut home until it was foreclosed upon in 2009 .
“ [ He ’s ] been coming in and out of the U.S. for at least 11 years , ” CBS News noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Shahzad was granted a student visa in December of 1998 , ” the network continued .
“ He graduated from the University of Bridgeport with a computer science degree in 2000 and an MBA in 2005 .
He worked as a junior financial analyst for a marketing firm in Norwalk , Conn. until 2009 . ”
In response to the failed bombing , New York City police and the mayor ’s office have argued for a dramatic expansion of the city ’s surveillance grid , which was modeled after the massive spying infrastructure in London .
The plan also calls for private businesses to allow police direct network access to their cameras : a first for the city .
Shahzad was captured after boarding an Emirates Airlines flight to Pakistan , even though he was on a no - fly list .
The plane was headed down the runway when security agents flagged it down .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reports said Shahzad had been put on a no - fly list in the frenzied hours before his arrest , as investigators struggled to close a net after picking up a treasure trove of clues left by the failed attack on Saturday night .
Asked whether the airline had possibly erred by allowing Shahzad onto the aircraft , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said : “ that ’s part of the investigation we ’re looking . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from WTNH News 8 in Connecticut , published to YouTube on May 4 , 2010 .
With AFP .
Ron Brynaert contributed to this report .
DIYers Build Bridge Over Puddle in NYC
When a leaky pipe made a public walking space filthy , a couple of guys built the Astoria Scum River Bridge to help pedestrians out .
“ In the markets where people use this , we have found that viewing tends to be pretty high , ” said Diana Jovin , a vice president for corporate marketing and business development at Telegent Systems , the leading mobile TV chip maker , which is based in Sunnyvale , California .
Telegent is shipping about 750,000 chips each month to handset makers , most designed for viewing analog broadcasts in markets like Brazil , Peru , Argentina , Russia , Nigeria , Thailand , Egypt and China .
Brazil is one of Telegent ’s biggest markets .
In Rio de Janiero , Marcelo Mendonça Guimarães , a 42 - year - old taxi driver , said he watched local and national TV news on his mobile handset through his operator , Claro .
“ My analog TV phone gives me the opportunity to watch television news while I ’m waiting for a fare , or when I am on a break , ” Mr. Guimarães said .
“ I actually have a digital TV in my cab , but I prefer to use the phone .
The reception is much better . ”
Following a favorite team or soap opera on a cellphone may take longer to reach Western markets , where broadcasters and wireless operators have been slow to embrace the technology .
In the United States and Europe , where operators tend to control what technology goes into handsets , a major hurdle to free - to - air broadcasting is , ironically , that it is free .
That offers no incentive to operators focused on raising revenue per customer .
“ Ask anybody if they want to watch free TV on their phone .
Everybody is going to want to say sure , ” said Jim Oehlerking , the senior director for mobile TV business development at Motorola .
“ The challenge is getting the mobile media marketplace to the point where content owners , carriers and broadcasters work out a business model . ”
But with the level of data traffic surging on wireless networks around the world , some operators are beginning to look to free - to - air mobile TV — which operates independently and adds no additional traffic burden on an operator ’s network — as a way to retain customers .
I wrote a bit ago about DPL , a patent license to help defend free software and open source projects from those exploiting patents to suppress innovation and competition .
Even though DPL is still at a very early stage in its development , outspoken anti-software patent advocate , Florian Mueller , does n’t think it is aggressive enough .
He suggests we need an “ offense is the best defense ” strategy , trying to convince some patent trolls to accept the DPL , protecting other signatories , then turning their attentions to non-DPL protected projects and companies .
This general idea is not new , trying to co-opt an otherwise bad actor to try to re-focus them to a more constructive end .
The example I see pop up every few years is that of re-writing a computer virus to deliver some inoculation or fix .
I seriously doubt the DPL is set up with this in mind and following through on Mueller ’s idea could trigger a potentially disastrous early test of the license .
The unintended consequences are usually what forestalls trying this sort of harnessing of dubious tactics for good ends .
I understand the frustration he expresses in his explanatory post , I do .
I still do n’t think this idea is a good one , one that will achieve the intended effect .
He wants to increase the difference between standing within the safe circle of the DPL and acting on the outside , where predatory patent claims and interlocking , high cost licensing deals are more the norm than peaceful cooperation .
I think there simply has to be a better way to produce that gradient between membership and non-membership than through deputized and endorsed trolling against non-DPL members .
LITTLE Sri Lanka is rarely a model of anything .
But since it crushed the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam its government has found itself in an unfamiliar position .
Some of the world 's less savoury regimes are beating a path to its door to study “ the Sri Lanka option ” .
Last November , Myanmar 's military dictator , Than Shwe , who rarely travels abroad , visited the island “ so that his regime can apply any lessons learned to its efforts against the ethnic groups in Burma , ” says Benedict Rogers , a biographer of General Than .
In May last year at a meeting of regional defence ministers in Singapore , Myanmar 's deputy minister made the link explicit , saying the world had witnessed a victory over terrorism in Sri Lanka but had forgotten about the insurgency in his country .
In October Thailand 's prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , held talks with his Sri Lankan counterpart about the lessons of the Tigers ' defeat ( for handling a Muslim insurgency in southern Thailand , not the protests cleared this week in Bangkok ) .
In March a military delegation from Bangladesh met Sri Lanka 's army chief , to swap notes on what he called Sri Lanka 's “ successful completion of the war for peace ” .
Behind the scenes , hawkish generals and politicians from Colombia to Israel seem to be using Sri Lanka 's experience to justify harsher anti-terror operations .
Louise Arbour , head of the International Crisis Group ( ICG ) , says the Sri Lanka model consists of three parts : what she dubs “ scorched - earth tactics ” ( full operational freedom for the army , no negotiations with terrorists , no ceasefires to let them regroup ) ; next , ignoring differences between combatants and non-combatants ( the new ICG report documents many such examples ) ; lastly , the dismissal of international and media concerns .
A senior official in President Mahinda Rajapaksa's office , quoted anonymously in a journal , Indian Defence Review , says “ we had to ensure that we regulated the media .
We did n't want the international community to force peace negotiations on us . ”
The author of that article , V.K. Shashikumar , concludes that “ in the final analysis the Rajapaksa model is based on a military precept …
Terrorism has to be wiped out militarily and cannot be tackled politically . ”
This is the opposite of the strategy America is pursuing in Afghanistan .
It is winning a widespread hearing .
Image caption Tehran allowed the mothers of the detainees to meet them last week
Two of the three US hikers detained in Iran for almost a year have become engaged to each other .
The pair - who are being held in a Tehran prison - plan to marry shortly after their release , their mothers say .
On Sunday , Iran 's intelligence minister suggested a prisoner swap to secure the release of the three , who were arrested last July near the Iraq border .
Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Josh Fattal have been accused of espionage .
The mothers of Shane Bauer , 27 , and Sarah Shourd , 31 , said they learnt the news during their reunion with their children on Thursday - the first since the trio allegedly strayed across Iran 's border with northern Iraq .
The third detained hiker , Josh Fattal , 27 , will be the best man at the planned ceremony , they said .
Shane Bauer proposed to Sarah Shourd while in the exercise area of Evin Prison in Tehran , and offered her a ring he made in his cell .
" Shane proposed to Sarah … he made a little ring out of the threads from his shirt and she has a ring , " an emotional Nora Shourd , Sarah 's mother , told the US network ABC .
" They are going to get married as soon as they have their freedom , " she added .
" They have been in love for a long time .
This was going on and they asked Cindy [ Hickey , mother of Shane Bauer ] and I if it was OK if they got married , and of course it is OK .
We are happy to be families together , " Mrs Shourd said .
Empty - handed
Tehran allowed the mothers of the three detainees to meet them last week , but ignored repeated pleas for their release .
The mothers had hoped to convince Iran to free their children during the visit , but after two days they flew home without them .
Tehran accuses the three of entering Iran illegally and having links to US intelligence .
Their families say they were hiking in northern Iraq 's Kurdistan region and unintentionally crossed an unmarked border .
The three have spent 10 months in Iran 's Evin prison .
They have not been publicly charged .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called for the three to be freed .
The case has further strained relations between Washington and Tehran , which are at loggerheads over Iran 's nuclear programme .
It ’s Memorial Day , so today I ’m going to put on my red white & blue and talk about an old - school , patriotic , no frills beer : The American - style Lager .
But instead of furthering the ubiquity of Bud , Miller , Coors , and their various versions & spin - offs , I ’d like to take this space to highlight an authentic , small - batch , local beer that dates back to the pre-prohibition golden age of American beer … and is making a small but marked comeback .
The History
Narragansett Lager began in 1890 , when six business partners took a fortune made in fake - butter , built a brewery in Cranston , RI and began churning out their pale American lager .
By 1914 , ‘ Gansett was the largest brewery in New England .
Their initial success was cut short - as was the case with so many turn - of - the - century US brewers - by Prohibition throughout the 1920’s .
After the 21st Amendment was passed , Narragansett was in rough financial shape , but were bailed - out by New England industrialist and awesome name - holder Rudolf Haffenreffer .
Some capital , a brewery modernization , and a native - american mascot designed by a young Dr. Seuss helped save Narragansett from the fate seen by most of the rest of the beer industry post - prohibition .
Growth throughout the post - war 40’s and 50’s would find Narragansett back on top of the New England beer scene , pushing past 1 million barrels a year by 1959 .
The next part I ’m going to take verbatim from Narragansett ’s ‘ obviously - written - by - savvy - marketing - types ’ website history , because … well , it ’s awesome :
“ By the mid sixties , the Narragansett Brewing Company was providing steady pay , good benefits and free beer to some 850 workers .
The company culture not only spawned lifelong friendships and good times , but also encouraged beer drinking during the workday . ”
Just like the BMC empire came into its current state by gobbling up smaller regional breweries during the mid-20th century , Narragansett was purchased by the rapidly expanding Falstaff Brewing Company in 1965 .
Ironically , Falstaff ’s purchase of Narragansett spawned an anti-trust lawsuit that lasted into the mid-70 ’s and basically led to the company ’s downfall .
Falstaff went corporate in 1975 when it was acquired by beer magnate Paul Kalmanovitz .
As part of his major reorganization / consolidation of the company , production of Narragansett was moved to Fort Wayne , Indiana and the Rhode Island brewery was shuttered in 1981 .
A decline in quality - possibly caused by a change in the water source , but possibly by a lack of brand pride and quality control - caused sales to drop off dramatically through the 80’s , to the point where Narragansett as a brand was virtually non-existent .
Things sat dormant until 2005 when the rights to Narragansett were bought from Falstaff by former juice - guy Mark Hellendrung .
Hellendrung ( which is almost as fun to say as Haffenreffer , but not quite ) brought back former Narragansett brewer Bill Anderson to recreate the original lager .
Currently , Narragansett Lager ( along with a light style , bock and porter ) is contract brewed by the Genesee Brewing Company and ( unfortunately only ) available in New England .
So there you have it , the rise and fall and rise and fall and hopeful rise of the Narragansett Brewing Company .
A bit long - winded , but I think the journey of this particular brewery is quite reflective of the state of the American beer industry throughout the 20th century .
From an initial boom to the one - two punch of Prohibition and the Great Depression , through a post - war resurgence and into the corporate consolidation ( and homogenization ) culture of the 1970 ’s and 80’s , and finally into the craft renaissance we are currently enjoying .
Perhaps it ’s a bit romantic , but I ’d call that the Great American Novel of beer .
The Style
Beer Advocate describes American lager as a “ light bodied , pale , fizzy lagers made popular by the large macro- breweries of America after prohibition .
Low bitterness , thin malts , and moderate alcohol .
Focus is less on flavor and more on mass - production and consumption , cutting flavor and sometimes costs with adjunct cereal grains , like rice and corn . ”
Wikipedia is a bit more forgiving , attributing the origins of the style to the Czech Pilsner , but with a lighter color and body , and of course the use of adjuncts .
Narragansett claims to use corn , which unlike rice can impart a slight flavor to the beer .
This lager is 5.0 % ABV , right down the middle for the style - which generally ranges from 4 % - 6 % .
The Tasting
Pours a clear straw color with a big fluffy inch or more of bleach white head .
This is definitely a beer for a clear glass .
Why let a red solo cup rob you of that beautiful clarity ?
The beer smells of sweet malts and adjunct corn , not particularly strong … or appetizing
Flavor is much more enticing .
Sweet malt , grains , and just a little apple .
Cereal crispness .
Not much for hops , but a slight spice manages to balance out the sugar .
Bubbly and light on the mouth , with a seriously clean , crisp finish .
Fantastic carbonation that really holds throughout the beer .
The Verdict
This is really the only American adjunct beer that I would choose to drink .
Sure , I ’ll settle for a High Life at a friend ’s party , or choke down a few Bud Lights after a kickball game , but if I ’m going to spend money on an American Lager and afford it valuable space in my oh - too - tiny beer fridge , it ’s going to be Narragansett .
First of all , it ’s got flavor … a characteristic missing from pretty much every other beer in the style .
Yet it ’s still light and crisp enough to be refreshing on a hot day or at a baseball stadium .
Small enough to technically be a craft - beer , shying away from the ubiquitous advertisements and sports - sponsorships of their BMC brethren , and devoid of the ironic hipster stigma that ’s rendered Pabst Blue Ribbon a punchline , Narragansett has a welcome authenticity as a brand .
And the beer ai n’t half bad neither .
7/10
Vaccinia immunization , as given to prevent the spread of smallpox , produces a five - fold reduction in HIV replication in the laboratory .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Immunology suggest that the end of smallpox vaccination in the mid-20th century may have caused a loss of protection that contributed to the rapid contemporary spread of HIV .
Raymond Weinstein , a family doctor turned laboratory scientist at George Mason University , Manassas , Virginia , worked with a team of researchers from George Washington University and UCLA .
The researchers looked at the ability of white blood cells taken from people recently immunized with vaccinia to support HIV replication compared to unvaccinated controls .
They found significantly lower viral replication in blood cells from vaccinated individuals .
Weinstein said , " There have been several proposed explanations for the rapid spread of HIV in Africa , including wars , the reuse of unsterilized needles and the contamination of early batches of polio vaccine .
However , all of these have been either disproved or do not sufficiently explain the behavior of the HIV pandemic .
Our finding that prior immunization with vaccinia virus may provide an individual with some degree of protection to subsequent HIV infection suggests that the withdrawal of such vaccination may be a partial explanation . "
Smallpox immunization was gradually withdrawn from the 1950s to the 1970s following the worldwide eradication of the disease , and HIV has been spreading exponentially since approximately the same time period .
Weinstein and his colleagues propose that vaccination may confer protection against HIV by producing long term alterations in the immune system , possibly including the expression of a certain receptor , CCR5 , on the surface of a person 's white blood cells which is exploited by both viruses .
Speaking about the results , Weinstein said , " While these results are very interesting and hopefully may lead to a new weapon against the HIV pandemic , they are very preliminary and it is far too soon to recommend the general use of vaccinia immunization for fighting HIV . "
President Obama is due to sign a new nuclear pact with Russia this week President Barack Obama 's administration has unveiled a defence policy to significantly narrow the circumstances in which the US would use nuclear arms .
But its Nuclear Posture Review warned that countries breaking the rules would remain potential targets .
The US strategy document also raised concerns about a " lack of transparency " in China 's nuclear programme .
The review comes two days before Mr Obama and his Russian counterpart sign a landmark nuclear arms reduction pact .
The deal , agreed last month , commits Russia and America to big cuts in nuclear warheads and is to replace the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( Start ) , which expired last December .
ANALYSIS Kim Ghattas , BBC News , Washington
The document is carefully worded - it limits the use of nuclear weapons but carves out exceptions to use them against countries that break the rules - in other words countries like North Korea and Iran .
This new nuclear policy reflects a changing world - while nuclear weapons were useful to achieve a balance of power with countries like Russia or China , the modern threats require a more nimble defence strategy .
President Obama though is likely to be criticised by both sides - the left will say he should impose a blanket ban on the use of American nuclear warheads .
The right will say he 's undermining the credibility of America 's nuclear deterrent by limiting the circumstances in which it can be used .
The far - reaching Nuclear Posture Review , published on Tuesday , outlines plans for " achieving substantial further nuclear force reductions " beyond the new treaty .
Every president since 1991 conducts such a review - the last one took place in 2001 at the start of George W Bush 's administration .
But Mr Obama set high expectations when he declared in Prague last year America 's commitment to seek a world without nuclear weapons .
For the first time , the US is ruling out a nuclear response to attacks on America involving biological , chemical or conventional weapons .
But this comes with a big caveat : countries will only be spared a US nuclear response if they comply with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty - this does not include Iran and North Korea .
" [ Tehran and Pyongyang 's ] continued defiance of international norms and agreements will lead only to their further isolation and increasing international pressure , " the document notes .
' Extreme circumstances '
Tehran insists its nuclear programme is peaceful , but its refusal to adhere to international demands has raised fears of a possible strike on its nuclear facilities by the US or Israel .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates outlined the Nuclear Posture Review at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday and said it would pave the way to a nuclear - free world .
The lack of transparency surrounding China 's nuclear programmes raises questions about its strategic intentions
Nuclear Posture Review
Obama lowers nuclear temperature Q&A : New Start
The document said America would only use nuclear arms in " extreme circumstances " , and committed it to not developing any new nuclear warheads .
But the review also said the US would maintain its conventional arsenal to reassure its allies .
The review said China 's nuclear arsenal remained much smaller than those of Russia and America .
" But the lack of transparency surrounding its nuclear programmes - their pace and scope , as well as the strategy and doctrine that guides them - raises questions about China 's future strategic intentions , " it noted .
The White House announced later on Tuesday that Mr Obama would hold talks with Chinese President Hu Jintao on the sidelines of a nuclear non-proliferation summit next week .
Dozens of world leaders are to attend the two - day conference , which begins in Washington on Monday .
Russia 's warning Mr Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize last year , in part for his vision of a nuclear - free world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas , in Washington , says the new US nuclear policy reflects a changing world .
While nuclear weapons have been useful to achieve a balance of power with countries like Russia or China , modern threats require a more nimble defence strategy , our correspondent says .
But the Obama administration 's strategy review is still likely to be criticised by both sides of the political divide , she adds .
The new nuclear pact - which Mr Obama is due to sign on Thursday in Prague with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev - commits the former Cold War rivals to significant cuts in their weapons ' stockpiles .
The treaty would restrict both Moscow and Washington to a maximum of 1,550 warheads each , about 30 % less than currently allowed , the US says .
But Russia drew some lines in the sand on Tuesday , warning it could pull out if it decided a US missile defence shield , proposed for Europe , threatened its security .
All numbers are estimates because exact numbers are top secret .
Strategic nuclear warheads are designed to target cities , missile locations and military headquarters as part of a strategic plan .
Israel Israeli authorities have never confirmed or denied the country has nuclear weapons .
North Korea
The highly secretive state claims it has nuclear weapons , but there is no information in the public domain that proves this .
Iran The International Atomic Energy Agency reported in 2003 there had been covert nuclear activity to make fissile material and continues to monitor Tehran 's nuclear programme .
Syria US officials have claimed it is covertly seeking nuclear weapons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
METHODOLOGY :
The numbers on this page are based on contributions from individuals giving $ 200 or more , as reported to the Federal Election Commission .
The organizations themselves did not donate , rather the money came from the organizations '
PACs , their individual members or employees or owners , and those individuals ' immediate families .
Organization totals include subsidiaries and affiliates .
Why ( and How ) We Use Donors ' Employer / Occupation Information
NOTE : All the numbers on this page are for the 2020 election cycle and based on Federal Election Commission data released on September 21 , 2020 .
Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : info@crp.org
Why Breeding Olinzock Carter Crippen ?
Our lawyers have the skill and experience needed to anticipate problems and respond to client needs .
We work on your schedule , not ours .
Our attorneys can discuss your most crucial legal issues , day or night .
If you are facing a crisis or need immediate counsel , we are available to help you .
.
Our attorneys can discuss your most crucial legal issues , day or night .
If you are facing a crisis or need immediate counsel , we are available to help you .
We deliver value .
Using innovative litigation processes , we deliver timely results in an efficient manner .
.
Using innovative litigation processes , we deliver timely results in an efficient manner .
We have unique resources .
Breeding Olinzock Carter Crippen maintains relationships with subject - matter authorities throughout the world .
No matter where your business goes or what issues you face , we can provide access to problem - solvers and thought leaders in any area .
At Breeding Olinzock Carter Crippen , our lawyers remove barriers and obstacles that could hinder your progress .
Our ultimate concern is to help you achieve your goals .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict on Saturday accepted the resignation of a German bishop who has been accused of sexually abusing minors , the latest in a string of Roman Catholic prelates forced to resign over an abuse scandal .
A Vatican statement said the pope agreed Bishop Walter Mixa of Augsburg in Bavaria should step down .
He became the first bishop to quit in the pontiff ’s native Germany over the child abuse scandal that has rocked the Church in several European countries and the United States .
In recent weeks , a Belgian bishop resigned after admitting he had sexually abused a boy and three Irish bishops quit over their handling of sexual abuse cases .
German prosecutors and church officials said on Friday authorities were investigating accusations of sexual abuse by Mixa , who had already offered to step down after being accused of hitting children .
A spokesman for the diocese of Eichstaett said the accusations referred to a time between 1996 and 2000 when Mixa was bishop of Eichstaett , which like Augsburg is in predominantly Catholic Bavaria .
The Augsburg diocese said it had provided information to prosecutors after a meticulous examination of the accusations .
The Augsburger Allgemeine newspaper reported , without naming its sources , that Mixa was accused of abusing a boy while bishop of Eichstaett .
Mixa ’s lawyer , Gerhard Decker , has denied the accusations against the 69 - year old bishop , who also faces allegations of financial misconduct , and said Mixa would work with prosecutors to clear up the matter .
Mixa wrote to the pope in April to offer his resignation , after denying for weeks that he had hit children in the 1970s and 1980s before later admitting he had slapped them .
Some victims say he hit them with full force in the face .
The accusations against Mixa revealed on Friday were the first made of sexual abuse .
He had previously asked for forgiveness from those he says he may have slighted .
A survey published last month found a quarter of Germany ’s Catholics were considering leaving the church over the abuse allegations , the greatest crisis in Benedict ’s five - year pontificate .
Belgian bishops concluded a week - long visit to the Vatican on Saturday with a rare press conference in which they spoke of the pain caused by the scandal which led to the resignation last month of the bishop of Bruges , Roger Vangheluwe .
He stepped down after admitting he had sexually abused a boy when in charge of the diocese of Bruges , the first such case to be made public in Belgium -- although a church commission said it was investigating about 20 other allegations of sex abuse .
The Pope briefly referred to the case in his speech to the Belgian bishops , saying their church had been “ tested by sin . ”
The publishing giant Condé Nast has been talking to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey about moving to 1 World Trade Center when it is completed , a potential coup for the signature skyscraper rising at ground zero .
According to real estate executives who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the talks were secret , the publisher would take up as much as one million square feet in what is planned to be the country ’s tallest office tower , a symbolic 1,776 feet .
So far , the only tenants are government offices and a Chinese real estate company .
Condé Nast , which established Times Square as a hip and resurgent area when it moved into 4 Times Square in 1999 , would be an entirely different matter , bringing its particular cachet downtown .
Image A 2006 rendering of the Freedom Tower .
It is now known as 1 World Trade Center .
Credit ...
Skidmore , Owings & Merrill
“ It ’s the perfect place for them , ” said Elizabeth H. Berger , president of the Alliance for Downtown New York .
“ The lunch crowd will be very well dressed .
And where else can you go to Tiffany and Century 21 on your lunch hour ?
Ma Zishan wept for his child in funereal white yesterday , with the Chinese symbol for " injustice " emblazoned on his back and carrying a portrait of his dead son Ma Xiangqian that bore the words : " give me the truth " .
The elderly man was stationed outside the Foxconn complex in Shenzhen , southern China , and as he wept , his wife and daughter knelt alongside him .
But Foxconn did not want to get to the bottom of Ma Xiangqian 's apparent suicide yesterday .
Nearby , officials handed out media passes for a tour of the company 's sprawling electronics facility , where 300,000 employees work making the iPhone and iPad , plus products for Nokia , Sony , HP and Dell .
It was part of a scramble to restore public faith in their embattled firm after a series of 11 suicide attempts , nine successful .
And so , instead of being confronted with a bereaved family , earlier in the day around 200 members of the media had thronged outside the Foxconn plant in the southern boom town to await their tour , their cars blocking the nearby roads .
The chief executive of Foxconn 's parent company Hon Hai , Terry Guo , had to press on as he tried to calm a critical media that has blasted his company 's standing in recent days .
Mr Gou wasted no effort in showing the plant .
He brought the reporters to see the factory , the workshop , dormitory facilities , staff care centre , and even the swimming pool .
He repeatedly apologised .
He said he had trouble sleeping at night because of the suicide .
And he joked .
" Reporting is a hard job , " he told the journalists .
" The press industry is a sweatshop business ! "
In a workshop , he asked several female workers : " Do you know me ? "
They responded in the affirmative .
" Is working here good ? "
" It 's good , " they said .
In separate interviews with the Xinhua news agency , several female workers from Hunan and Hubei provinces said their working hours are 7.30 am to 7.30 pm and their monthly salary is 900 yuan ( £ 91.46 ) , plus overtime .
An assembly line worker earns between £ 152.44 and £ 182.92 a month .
One young worker described the conditions .
" Working at Foxconn is pretty busy .
Chats are rare , " she said .
" It was tiring working there .
We often worked into the night and took over 100 extra shifts each month , " said another employee surnamed Zhang , who quit after two years because of the workload .
But Taiwanese photographer Han Siu Keung , one of the journalists to tour the vast plant , told The Independent that it was apparently liked by the employees .
" The factory is actually super - clean .
Not like a sweatshop , not at all .
And the workers seemed to like it there , and said the company treats them well , " he said .
Reporters who spoke to workers were watched by Foxconn staff members as they did so .
The company is building a 1.5 million sq m " safety net " to stop people jumping from the factory dormitories and workshops .
( The staff live in shared dormitory complexes with divisions between men and women . )
" Although this is a stupid measure , at least in the future if another tragedy happens , it may save a life , " Mr Guo said .
Around 70 professional psychologists have been stationed in Foxconn to carry out professional counselling , and help treat those with issues .
One of the suicides , a man surnamed Liang from eastern China 's Anhui province , cut himself several times with a knife before leaping off .
His seven room - mates said he was on a different shift to them , and there was little communication between them .
The management has said the number of suicides is because there is an " immature mentality " among those born between 1980 and 1999 – a generation that many Chinese think is spoiled .
All the nine dead in the Foxconn suicides were between 18 and 24 .
Up to four players will be able to team together and cleanse the world of foreigners in Call of Duty : Black Ops .
In a recent multiplayer reveal at USA Today , it has been confirmed that between two and four players can take part in a co-op mode .
Cool .
During the preview , USA Today played a level set in 1968 and discovered a new feature -- alternate ammo which can be changed at will .
A provided example was the crossbow , which can switch between regular and explosive arrows .
That 's about all that 's fresh so far .
Expect Treyarch and Activision to show off much more at E3 .
First impressions : ' Call of Duty : Black Ops ' [ USA Today ]
Two separate sources of temperature data – the National Climatic Data Center and NASA – report that , through April , 2010 is the warmest year ever recorded .
The climate center ( NCDC ) reports that the Earth 's combined land and ocean average surface temperature from January - April was 56 degrees , which is 1.24 degrees above the 20th - century average .
El Nino -- a periodic natural warming of the tropical Pacific Ocean -- is partly to blame for the unusual warmth .
NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies also reports that 2010 , so far , is the warmest out of 131 years .
Both NCDC and NASA use data that goes back to 1880 .
Last month , NASA issued a report that predicted 2010 would likely end up as the warmest year on record , due to the combintation of global warming and El Nino .
The report states that " a new record global temperature , for the period with instrumental measurements , should be set within the next few months as the effects of the recent and current moderate El Nino continue . "
In the USA , the weather so far this year has been very odd , with the three northern New England states ( Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont ) having their warmest year on record , while Florida shivers through its coldest year ever .
April itself was also unusually warm , as the Earth had its warmest April on record .
The climate center says that warmer - than - normal conditions dominated the globe in April , with the most prominent warmth in Canada , Alaska , the eastern United States , Australia , South Asia , northern Africa and northern Russia .
Cooler - than - normal places included Mongolia , Argentina , far eastern Russia , the western contiguous United States and most of China .
NCDC also reports that the North American snow cover extent for the month was the smallest on record for April .
It was also the largest negative anomaly , meaning difference below the long - term average , on record for any month .
By Doyle Rice
A site with an amazing concept that was great up until 2005 - ish .
Today , 90 % of Urban Dictionary is clogged with bizarre sexual acts that have fucking nothing to do with the original definitions .
The site in general is poorly moderated and misspelled to the bone .
I often wonder if the creators of this site are still alive .
I do n't have much of a problem with incorrect spellings , but this shit heap has redefined ( no pun intended ) the word " misspell " Today , 10 year olds enjoy this place the most .
The small amount of definitions on here that do n't relate to sex , usually relates to race or stereotypes .
The 0.01 % of the normal definitions are from back when this site was decent .
Grow the fuck up , people .
Seagram 's heiress who backed NXIVM sentenced to prison
Prosecutors say Bronfman used her enormous wealth to fund lawsuits , private investigations and smear campaigns against NXIVM detractors .
Description
Expanding on the original 's brilliance , this ingenious platformer only gets better by embracing the Wii's limited capabilities and adds so many ideas , big and small , that we can't help but love it .
Even if you ( mistakenly ) believe it 's too similar to the first game , what 's wrong with more of an incredibly great thing ?
Matt Frei reports on the economic growth of Brazil .
Can the country close the gap between the haves and the have - nots ?
Contents : What is Shell ?
Why Boycott Shell ?
The Problem
Environmental Degradation ( Natural Gas Flaring , Oil Spills , Pipelines and Construction , Health Impacts )
The " Shell Police "
The trial of Ken Saro - Wiwa and the Ogoni 8 : The Struggle Continues
The Ogoni 20 and others ...
Not just the Ogoni !
Why does the Nigerian government allow this to happen ?
What are groups in Nigeria doing about stopping Shell ?
MOSOP demands
Refugees
What are the United States and other countries doing to stop Shell ?
The Commonwealth
The United Nations
The US : words without action Sources
Return to Info & Resources
1 . What is Shell ?
The " Royal Dutch / Shell Group , " commonly know as Shell , is an amalgam of over 1,700 companies all over the world .
60 % of the Group is owned by Royal Dutch of the Netherlands , and 40 % is owned by the Shell Transport and Trading Group of Great Britain .
These two companies have worked together since 1903 .
Shell includes companies like Shell Petroleum of the USA ( which wholly owns Shell Oil of the USA and many subsidiaries ) , Shell Nigeria , Shell Argentina , Shell South Africa , etc. Shell Nigeria is one of the largest oil producers in the Royal Dutch / Shell Group. 80 % of the oil extraction in Nigeria is the the Niger Delta , the southeast region of the country .
The Delta is home to many small minority ethnic groups , including the Ogoni , all of which suffer egregious exploitation by multinational oil companies , like Shell .
Shell provides over 50 % of the income keeping the Nigerian dictatorship in power .
Aside from letters , the only way to reach the powers of Shell Nigeria is through other Shell companies like Shell Oil of the USA .
When Shell Oil feels the impact of a boycott and understands that our grievances lie with Shell Nigeria , it puts pressure on the Shell Group to influence change in Nigeria .
2 . Why boycott Shell ?
Since the Nigerian government hanged 9 environmental activists in 1995 for speaking out against exploitation by Royal Dutch / Shell and the Nigeria government , outrage has exploded worldwide .
The tribunal which convicted the men was part of a joint effort by the government and Shell to suppress a growing movement among the Ogoni people : a movement for environmental justice , for recognition of their human rights and for economic justice .
Shell has brought extreme , irreparable environmental devastation to Ogoniland .
Please note that although the case of the Ogoni is the best known of communities in Shell 's areas of operation , dozens of other groups suffer the same exploitation of resources and injustices .
The Problem " The most conspicuous aspects of life in contemporary Ogoni are poverty , malnutrition , and disease .
" - Ben Naanen , Oil and Socioeconomic Crisis in Nigeria , 1995 , pg. 75 -6
Although oil from Ogoniland has provided approximately $ 30 billion to the economy of Nigeria 1 , the people of Ogoni see little to nothing from their contribution to Shell 's pocketbook .
Emanuel Nnadozie , writing of the contributions of oil to the national economy of Nigeria , observed " Oil is a curse which means only poverty , hunger , disease and exploitation " for those living in oil producing areas 2 .
Shell has done next to nothing to help Ogoni : by 1996 , Shell employed only 88 Ogoni ( 0.0002 % of the Ogoni population , and only 2 % of Shell 's employees in Nigeria ) 3 .
Ogoni villages have no clean water , little electricity , few telephones , abysmal health care , and no jobs for displaced farmers and fisher persons , and adding insult to injury , face the effects of unrestrained environmental molestation by Shell everyday .
Environmental Degradation
When crude oil touches the leaf of a yam or cassava , or whatever economic trees we have , it dries immediately , it 's so dangerous and somebody who was coming from , say , Shell was arguing with me so I told him that you 're an engineer , you have been trained , you went to the university , I did not go to the university , but I know that what you have been saying in the university sleeps with me here so you cannot be more qualified in crude oil than myself who sleeps with crude oil .
- Chief GNK Gininwa of Korokoro , " The Drilling Fields " , Glenn Ellis ( Director ) , 1994 Since Shell began drilling oil in Ogoniland in 1958 , the people of Ogoniland have had pipelines built across their farmlands and in front of their homes , suffered endemic oil leaks from these very pipelines , been forced to live with the constant flaring of gas .
This environmental assault has smothered land with oil , killed masses of fish and other aquatic life , and introduced devastating acid rain to the land of the Ogoni 4 .
For the Ogoni , a people dependent upon farming and fishing , the poisoning of the land and water has had devastating economic and health consequences 5 .
Shell claims to clean up its oil spills , but such " clean-ups " consist of techniques like burning the crude which results in a permanent layer of crusted oil meters thick and scooping oil into holes dug in surrounding earth ( a temporary solution at best , with the oil flowing out of the hole during the Niger Delta 's frequent bouts of rain ) 6 .
Natural Gas Flaring
Ken Saro - Wiwa called gas flaring " the most notorious action " of the Shell and Chevron oil companies 7 .
In Ogoniland , 95 % of extracted natural gas is flared 8 ( compared with 0.6 % in the United States ) .
It is estimated that the between the CO 2 and methane released by gas flaring , Nigerian oil fields are responsible for more global warming effects than the combined oil fields of the rest of the world 9 .
Oil Spills
Although Shell drills oil in 28 countries , 40 % of its oil spills worldwide have occurred in the Niger Delta 10 .
In the Niger Delta , there were 2,976 oil spills between 1976 and 1991 11 .
In the 1970s spillage totaled more that four times that of the 1989 Exxon Valdez tragedy 12 .
Ogoniland has had severe problems stemming from oil spillage , including water contamination and loss of many valuable animals and plants .
A short - lived World Bank investigation found levels of hydrocarbon pollution in water in Ogoniland more than sixty times US limits 13 and a 1997 Project Underground survey found petroleum hydrocarbons one Ogoni village 's watersource to be 360 times the levels allowed in the European Community , where Shell originates 14 .
Pipelines and construction
The 12 by 14 mile area that comprises Ogoniland is some of the most densely occupied land in Africa .
The extraction of oil has lead to construction of pipelines and facilities on precious farmland and through villages .
Shell and its subcontractors compensate landowners with meager amounts unequal to the value of the scarce land , when they pay at all .
The military defends Shell 's actions with firearms and death : see the Shell Police section below .
Health impacts
The Nigerian Environmental Study Action Team observed increased " discomfort and misery " due to fumes , heat and combustion gases , as well as increased illnesses 15 .
This destruction has not been alleviated by Shell or the government .
Owens Wiwa , a physician , has observed higher rates of certain diseases like bronchial asthma , other respiratory diseases , gastro - enteritis and cancer among the people in the area as a result of the oil industry 16 .
The Shell Police and the Rivers State Internal Security Task Force Both Shell and the government admit that Shell contributes to the funding of the military in the Delta region .
Under the auspices of " protecting "
Shell from peaceful demonstrators in the village of Umeuchem ( 10 miles from Ogoni ) , the police killed 80 people , destroyed houses and vital crops in 1990 17 .
Shell conceded it twice paid the military for going to specific villages .
Although it disputes that the purpose of these excursions was to quiet dissent , each of the military missions paid for by Shell resulted in Ogoni fatalities 18 .
The two incidents are a 1993 peaceful demonstration against the destruction of farmland to build pipelines and , later that year , a demonstration in the village of Korokoro 19 .
Shell has also admitted purchasing weapons for the police force who guard its facilities , and there is growing suspicion that Shell funds a much greater portion of the military than previously admitted .
In 1994 , the military sent permanent security forces into Ogoniland , occupying the once peaceful land .
This Rivers State Internal Security Task Force is suspected in the murders of 2000 people 20 .
In a classified memo , its leader described his plans for " psychological tactics of displacement / wasting " and stated that " Shell operations are still impossible unless ruthless military operations are undertaken . "
21 Since the Task Force occupied Ogoniland in 1994 , the Ogoni have lived under constant surveillance and threats of violence .
The Nigerian military stepped up its presence in Ogoniland in January of 1997 and again in 1998 before the annual Ogoni Day celebrations .
The trial and execution of Ken Saro - Wiwa and the Ogoni 8 : The Struggle continues ...
Ken Saro - Wiwa and the Ogoni 8 were leaders of MOSOP , the Movement for Survival of the Ogoni People .
As outspoken environmental and human rights activists , they declared that Shell was not welcome in Ogoniland .
On November 10 , 1995 , they were hanged after a trial by a special military tribunal ( whose decisions cannot be appealed ) in the murder of four other Ogoni activists .
The defendants ' lawyers were harassed and denied access to their clients .
Although none of them were near the town where the murders occurred , they were convicted and sentenced to death in a trial that many heads of state ( including US President Clinton ) strongly condemned for a stunning lack of evidence , unmasked partiality towards the prosecution and the haste of the trial .
The executions were carried out a mere eight days after the decision .
Two witnesses against the MOSOP leaders admitted that Shell and the military bribed them to testify against Ken Saro - Wiwa with promises of money and jobs at Shell 20 .
Ken 's final words before his execution were : " The struggle continues ! " The Ogoni 20 and others ...
On September 7 , 1998 , the Ogoni 20 were released on bail !
The 20 had been imprisoned for the past four years under the same unsubstantiated charges as those used to execute Ken Saro - Wiwa and the Ogoni 8 .
It is unclear whether they will be tried .
Sadly , another 25 people were arrested in January , 1998 for organizing the annual peaceful Ogoni Day celebration .
There are unknown other Ogonis imprisoned because they appeared to support the Ogoni cause or for helping others remember Ken Saro - Wiwa .
Not just the Ogoni The majority of Nigeria 's oil comes from the Niger Delta in Southeast Nigeria .
All across the Niger Delta , ethnic minority communities suffer the same environmental devastation and oppression under multinational oil companies and the Nigerian military .
In 1990 , Shell specifically requested that the military protect its facilities from nonviolent protesters in the village of Umeuchem .
80 villagers were killed in two days of violence .
A later judiciary panel determined that the villagers posed no threat against Shell 21 .
There have also been accusations of the military arming some communities to fight other communities and prevent the growth of cohesive groups like MOSOP , because wide - spread movements could lead to the end of the flagrant prosperity for Shell and the military .
However , communities like the Ijaw , Ekwerre , Oyigba , Ogbia , and others in the Niger Delta have taken measures to reclaim their despoiled lands and human rights 22 .
Since October 1998 , Ijaw groups have been occupying oil industry platforms and pipeline transfer stations , at one point blocking a third of Nigeria 's oil exports .
As of early December , 1988 , the groups were still shutting off flow and demanding environmental and economic justice .
3 . Why does the Nigerian government allow this to happen ?
In Nigeria , it is questionable whether it is multinational oil companies like Shell or the military which hold ultimate control .
Oil companies have a frightening amount of influence upon the government : 80 % of Nigerian government revenues come directly from oil , over half of which is from Shell .
Countless sums disappear into the pockets of military strongmen in the form of bribes and theft .
In 1991 alone , $ 12 billion in oil funds disappeared ( and have yet to be located ) 23 .
Local governments admit that oil companies bribe influential local officials to suppress action against the companies .
Hence the interests of the Nigerian military regime are clear : to maintain the status quo ; to continue acting on Shell 's requested attacks on villagers whose farms are destroyed by the oil company ; to continue silencing , by any means necessary , those who expose Shell 's complete disregard for people , for the environment , for life itself .
Shell and the Nigerian military government are united in this continuing violent assault of indigenous peoples and the environment .
And just as oil companies exploit numerous communities in the Niger Delta , the government 's involvement in the above crimes is not limited to the Ogoni .
To allow the Ogoni to continue raising local and global awareness and pressure would be political suicide for an oppressive , violent military regime , whose only mandate is its own guns 24 .
The Nigerian military government could not allow this movement of empowerment to spread into other impoverished communities of the Niger Delta .
By harassing , wounding and killing Ogoni and others , the military ensures that it remains in power and that its pockets remain lined with the blood money of Delta oil .
4 . What are groups in Nigeria doing to stop Shell ?
The first highly visible action organized by the Movement for Survival of the Ogoni People ( MOSOP ) occurred on January 4 , 1993 with 300,000 Ogoni ( 3/5 of the population ) participating in the peaceful " Ogoni Day " demonstration .
The overwhelming turnout signals a solid consensus for change , for freedom from the oppressions of Shell and the military regime .
MOSOP is an umbrella association of ten Ogoni groups encompassing over half of the Ogoni population .
Today , MOSOP 's leaders live in exile , but MOSOP remains a significant presence both in Nigeria and abroad .
Since MOSOP became highly visible , other groups in oil producing regions have begun modeling their actions on MOSOP 's tactics of intense yet peaceful demonstrations , pan-ethnic - group organizations , and charters based on the Ogoni Bill of Rights .
The military and Shell have been careful to prevent any movements from gaining MOSOP 's momentum .
See The MOSOP Story by MOSOP Canada .
There are currently many groups in the Niger Delta working on researching and educating about the environmental and social impacts of the oil industry on the Niger Delta .
A few of these are Environmental Rights Action ( ERA ) and Niger Delta Human and Environmental Rescue Organization ( ND - HERO ) .
Additionally , many ethnic groups other than the Ogoni are vocalizing and demonstrating against the environmental racism and human rights abuses of Shell , Chevron , Mobil , and many others .
MOSOP demands
In 1990 , MOSOP created the Ogoni Bill of Rights , which outlines the major grievances of the Ogoni , and applies to the peoples of many other oil producing areas .
The major points of the Ogoni Bill of Rights are : clean up of oil spills
reduction of gas flaring
fair compensation for lost land , income , resources , life
a fair share of profits gained from oil drilled at their expense
self - determination Refugees
An oft forgotten element of the Ogoni struggle are the thousands of people who have fled Ogoniland under threat of violence from the Shell Police and the Rivers State Task Force .
Ogoni refugees are found in Benin , Togo , and Ghana and other countries 25 .
A majority of these refugees are students .
There are also many people living in exile in the US , Canada and Europe .
In 1997 , Diana Wiwa visited Ogoni refugees throughout the region .
5 . The UN , the Commonwealth and the US International condemnation of Nigeria is widespread , but there has been much more talk than action .
The UN
In a surprising and welcome move , the United Nations Special Rapporteur 's report on Nigeria ( released 4/15/98 ) accused Nigeria and Shell of abusing human rights and failing to protect the environment in oil producing regions , and called for an investigation into Shell .
The report condemned Shell for a " well armed security force which is intermittently employed against protesters . "
The report was unusual both because of its frankness and its focus on Shell , instead of only on member countries .
This was repeated in a November 1998 visit by the same official to Nigeria and the Delta region .
The Commonwealth The Commonwealth is a group of 53 developed and developing nations around the world .
Almost all members have had a past association with another Commonwealth country , as colonies or protectorates or trust territories .
The Commonwealth believes in the promotion of international understanding and co-operation , through partnership .
Nigeria 's membership of the Commonwealth was suspended by Commonwealth Heads of Government on 11 November 1995 .
Despite repeated pleas from Nigerian human rights activists , the Commonwealth has failed to follow through on threats of expulsion .
The US : words without action
In word , the United States is a strong critic of the Nigerian government , both past and present .
It has condemned the existence of the military regime , of election cancellations , and of the situation in Ogoniland .
It has threatened to take action .
Yet it never does .
As the largest consumer of Nigerian oil , the US could be the strongest advocate for human rights and justice , yet it refuses to take on that role .
The US government has even protected Nigeria from economic sanctions by states and cities within the US .
In March 1998 an official from the Clinton administration warned the Maryland House and Senate that bills creating state - wide economic sanctions against Nigeria for human rights abuses are a violation of US commitments to international trade agreements and to membership in the World Trade Organization .
The Clinton administration termed such bills a " threat to the national interest . "
Not surprisingly , multinational oil companies such as Shell , Mobil , and Chevron lobby heavily against aggressive US policy towards Nigeria , an approach which appears to be working .
Sources :
1. Watts , Michael , " Black Gold , White Heat , " in Geographies of Resistance , Steve Pile , Michael Keith , eds. , London : Routledge , 1997 .
2. Nnadozie , Emmanuel , Oil and Socioeconomic Crisis in Nigeria , Lewiston : Mellon University Press , 1995 .
3. Watts , op.cit .
4. Nigeria Environmental Action Study Team ( NEST ) , Nigeria 's Threatened Environment , Ibadan , 1991 .
5. Saro -Wiwa , Ken , Genocide in Nigeria , Port Harcourt : Saros International Publishers , 1989 .
6. Ellis , Glenn ( Director ) , " The Drilling Fields , " 1994 , text from film by Catma Films .
7. Saro -Wiwa , Ken , Genocide in Nigeria .
8. Shell , 1996 .
9 . Ake , Claude , " Shelling Nigeria Ablaze , " Tell , 1/29/96 , p. 34 .
10 . Cayford , Steven , " The Ogoni " Uprising : Oil , Human Rights and a Democratic Alternative in Nigeria , " Africa Today , vol. 43 , no .
2 , Apr/June 1996 , p. 183 .
11 . Ellis , op.cit .
12 . Watts , op.cit .
13 . Project Underground , The Flames of Shell : a fact sheet , Berkeley , 1996 .
14 . Project Underground and Rainforest Action Network , Human Rights and Environmental Operations Information on the Royal Dutch / Shell Group of Companies : 1996 - 1997 Independent Annual Report , 1997 .
15 . NEST , op.cit .
16 . Marrah , Kofi , " No Let - up in Ogoniland Struggle " , African Agenda , Third World Network Features , June , 1998 .
17 . Ellis , op.cit .
18 . Ellis , op.cit .
19 . Nigerian News du Jour , " Environmental Action Group says military on Shell 's payroll , " 4/23/98 .
20 . Human Rights Watch , The Ogoni Crisis , report 7/5 , New York : Human Rights Watch , 1995 .
21 . Robinson , Deborah , Ogoni : The Struggle Continues , Geneva : World Council of Churches , 1996 .
22 . Birnbaum , Michael , QC , " Nigeria : Fundamental Rights Denied , " Article 19 , Appendix 10 .
23 . Kudirat Institute for Nigerian Democracy , " Oil Economy , " KIND Website < www.igc.org/kind/economy.html>
24 . Watts , op.cit .
25 . Wiwa , Diana , " The Role of Women in the Struggle for Environmental Justice in Ogoni , " Delta website , < http://www.oneworld.org/delta/news4.html#1>, October 1997 .
Semyon Varlamov : “ Perry wanted to injure Ovechkin ” ( Photo © Sovsport.ru )
After the 5 - 2 win in the 2010 World Championship ’s quarterfinals , goalie Semyon Varlamov gave an interview to Russian sport website Sovietskiy Sport .
Semyon Varlamov : “ In the first ten minutes Team Canada always plays very actively .
They created some moments .
But they did n’t manage to score , I do n’t know why . ”
Do n’t be so modest !
Semyon Varlamov : “ In a couple of chances they simply did n’t have room .
I ’m not saying that they brought a bad team here .
Canada can beat anyone with any roster .
But this time we were better . ”
Did you see that in the second period Brooks Laich slashed Ovechkin from behind ?
And he ’s a Caps player too !
Semyon Varlamov : “ In general Team Canada played very roughly .
When the score was 3 - 0 [ Corey ]
Perry slashed Sasha [ Ovechkin ] from behind .
That was really dirty .
I ’m sure that Perry did want to injure him . ”
Why ?
Semyon Varlamov : “ So that he could n’t play again in the tournament . ”
That ’s mean .
Semyon Varlamov : “ Agreed .
But in Team Canada there are two players like that .
Perry and [ Steve ] Downie .
And the second one really confirms his surname .
You know what I mean .
He behaved shamefully . ”
Like Russian hockey ?
Join our forum and get involved !
The Proprietary Content Industry ’s Strange Sympathies
Bono , global do - gooder and patron saint of what ’s variously known as cognitive , green , or “ progressive ” capitalism , a few months ago expressed his admiration for Chinese communist totalitarianism as a model for how to combat file - sharing : “ … [ W ]e know from America ’s noble effort to stop child pornography , not to mention China ’s ignoble effort to suppress online dissent , that it ’s perfectly possible to track content . ”
Never mind ignoble–it just does n’t work as well as all that , as Cory Doctorow noted on a past visit to China .
The world ’s largest prison state was unable to stop him from visiting any “ subversive ” online content he wanted , thanks to the miracle of proxy servers .
Indeed China ’s Falun
Gong dissident movement has become a global specialist in developing proxy server technology for use by dissident movements around the world .
Bono ’s remark does cause me to wonder , though , if people like Bill Gates who call the free culture movement “ communists ” might not be mirror - imaging .
And now it seems not all the proprietary content folks share Bono ’s disdain for kiddie porn .
At a U.S. Chamber of Commerce - sponsored event in Sweden , titled “ Sweden – A Safe Haven for Pirates ? , ” Danish anti-piracy activist Johan Schluter said :
“ Child pornography is great … .
It is great because politicians understand child pornography .
By playing that card , we can get them to act , and start blocking sites .
And once they have done that , we can get them to start blocking file sharing sites . ”
Well , hey , at least he ’s honest .
It ’s like Dick and Liz Cheney coming right out and actually admitting “ We pray every night for Al Qaeda to set off a nuke in New York so we can say we told you so . ”
I ’m just surprised to see all these proprietary content spokespersons who ’ve apparently burnt out the filter in their brains that tells them “ That ’s one of those things you ’re not supposed to say out loud . ”
Bono openly admits that nothing short of the surveillance and censorship machinery of a totalitarian state can protect digital copyright from infringement .
( But again , though , as Doctorow pointed out , even this wo n’t be enough .
It ’ll just be another wall to bring down . )
And Schluter admits to cheering on the sexual exploitation of children because the resulting outrage can be used to manipulate the public into supporting measures to support the profits of his own industry .
Well , I guess I ’m not entirely clean myself , because I admit to some satisfaction in seeing a couple of spokesmen for proprietary content caught openly admitting to their own vileness .
The more widely known it is just what these people will stoop to in order to protect their state - extorted gain , the better .
The more people are aware of what snakes the Copyright Nazis are , and of their shameless project of turning the Internet into a gulag just so they can line their own pockets , the sooner the tide will turn against them .
Like the man said : “ Is there a place for the hopeless sinner , who has hurt all mankind just to save his own ?
Believe it . ”
Published online 27 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.268
News
Bone - marrow transplants cure obsessive - compulsive behaviour in mice .
A deficiency of certain immune cells may be linked to obsessive - compulsive behaviour .
B. Edwards / Stone / Getty Images
A type of cell that is known to protect the brain against infection could be involved in a form of psychological disorder , a new study reveals .
What 's more , restoring normal populations of these cells by transplantation can cure abnormal behaviour in mice .
Microglia are highly branched immune cells that constantly move around and scavenge the brain for debris and pathogens .
Researchers have now shown that a genetic defect that reduces the number of these cells causes excessive grooming in mice .
The behaviour is similar to that observed in trichotillomania in humans — an obsessive - compulsive spectrum disorder that compels people to pull out their hair .
" No connection had ever been made between microglia and behaviour , " says Mario Capecchi at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , whose team published the findings today in Cell1 .
Scientists had presumed that abnormal behaviour stems from impaired neural function or brain development , says Christopher Pittenger , who studies the neural basis of psychiatric conditions at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
" To find that it has to do with microglia is a big surprise , " says Pittenger , who was not involved in the new study .
Behaviour transplants
Mutations in a gene that regulates the formation of blood cells causes mice to spend double the normal amount of time removing body hair , leading to bald spots and deep skin wounds2 .
The gene , called Hoxb8 , comes from a family of genes that establish the body plan in the developing embryo and regulate the formation of organs and tissues .
After a bone marrow transplant from a normal mouse , mice with mutations in the Hoxb8 gene stopped obsessively grooming and regrew lost hair ( right ) .
Shau - Kwaun Chen , University of Utah
Capecchi and his team found that Hoxb8 was expressed throughout the brain , but only in microglia .
Moreover , animals with Hoxb8 mutations had fewer microglia than normal mice .
The researchers pinpointed the origin of the microglia to bone marrow — soft tissue found in bone .
The gene was expressed in bone - marrow stem cells , which produce many different types of blood cell , including one that may become microglia in the brain .
The researchers found that most of the animals with Hoxb8 mutations that received transplants of healthy bone marrow stopped their excessive grooming within four months .
Their hair started to fill in the empty patches and their wounds began to heal .
By contrast , a fraction of normal mice that received transplanted bone marrow from Hoxb8 mutant animals began to groom more than usual and developed hairless patches .
" It 's a paradigm - shifting idea that you can transplant a compulsion into a normal animal , " says Frank Burton , a neurobiologist at the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities .
Routine or worry ?
Many psychiatric conditions have been associated with abnormal immune responses , but this study is unique because it shows a direct causal link , Capecchi says .
He speculates that altered microglia may cause excessive grooming through their effects on neural activity .
But the study has not ruled out a role for other immune cells or blood vessels .
ADVERTISEMENT
It 's also questionable whether the mouse model replicates features of obsessive - compulsive disorder in humans .
The researchers have n't performed the key experiments to show that the behaviour is related to anxiety , says Francis Lee of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City whose team last month reported a different mouse model of obsessive - compulsive behaviour3 .
Capecchi's team should also test whether drug treatments for obsessive - compulsive disorder alleviate symptoms in their mouse model , he says .
Although it 's not clear how a dysfunction in the immune system causes neural circuits to go awry in psychiatric disorders , the scientists provide a valuable model for exploring these questions , Pittenger says .
" I do n't think these mice have obsessive - compulsive disorder , but I think they 're fascinating and important and might ultimately shed some light on the disorder or other conditions , " he says .
[ EuroPython ] pyhton question - distribution
On Thu , Apr 22 , 2010 at 12:18 PM , Bill Jordan < billjordan121 at yahoo.com > wrote : >
Hey everbody , > >
If we have 100 apples , for example , and we need to distrubte the 100 apples > randomly in 10 boxes , how can we do this in python ?
Well , first you 'd need to build a robot that you could control using python .
If you wanted to do that yourself , a place to get components and parts would be the MUTR website - http://www.mutr.co.uk .
Then you 'd want to be able to interface from python to the robot .
For that you could either use an arduino , controlled over the serial port ( using pyserial ) , or using a velleman k8055 board , and the python bindings for that .
( the latter is more direct , the former has more tools - both are fun IME ) .
Finally in order to pick up and grab the apples you 'd need a webcam and image analysis code , which would imply that you 'd want to play around with the python bings for Open CV , and co-ordinate the results .
Actually choosing which apples go in which boxes would be pretty simple then , of the level of a homework problem ;-)
All of that 's eminently doable , and would probably make a neat talk .
( BTW , the europython list is the place for discussing europython related stuff , and building robots and given talks about python powered robots would probably be on topic for that , but asking homework questions - if this is one - probably is n't ;-) pointing - you - gently - at - " pydoc random " - ly , Michael .
As Dr. Saturday recently pointed out , we have recently reached the midway point in our long , horrible annual repose from football known as the dreaded " off- season . "
These are the times that try men's souls , and though we here at 11W industries take this opportunity to fill the void with other deserving sports that are often overlooked in lieu of football news , I cannot deny my desire to see people put on molded plastic and hit each other really , really hard .
My football withdrawal is made all the worse by the fact that I currently live in Japan , a country not generally known for its love of the sport ( when I bust a football out to show my students , I 've had to explain that it is n't a rugby ball more times than I care to count ) .
With that said , however , there are several exceptions to that rule and American football is increasing in popularity here .
Case in point ; during a recent trip to Kyoto I saw something incredible and entirely unexpected .
A miracle , if you will , that warmed my cold , black Ohioan heart :
Meet the Bears .
Most sports that kids participate in here are facilitated through their school , and " club " teams are relatively rare among younger ages , but they do exist .
The Bears are one of those teams , formed about 25 years ago and consisting entirely of junior high kids from the Kyoto area .
There are some foreigners on the team , but by and large this is a Japanese team comprised of several dozen young men who genuinely love this sport just as much as we do .
I talked with their coach during the practice ( " talked " being a loose term , he barely spoke English and I barely speak Japanese so I feel like my excited explanation of the Pony formation might have not translated well ) , but I did find out a few things :
The coach had been doing this for over twenty years , and last year attended a coaching clinic given by the Oklahoma staff in Norman .
His son had gone along with him and apparently hung out with Adrian Peterson , which makes the two of them about fifty times cooler than I think I 'll ever be .
I also met a member of the team who said he loved college football and did a student exchange in ... Michigan .
I nervously asked him who he rooted for and without hesitation he yelled " THE SPARTANS " and my belief that UM is a universally hated brand was further cemented .
As for the team itself , they , along with a second team of elementary school kids , practice on a small dirt field by the Kamo river in Kyoto .
This is their only practice area and because of this , what they can do is somewhat limited .
I did get to see them run some plays , and maybe a little surprisingly they ran nothing but the Power I and two back sets .
A highlight of the entire experience was gleefully watching a fullback truck a linebacker on a Dave play .
Yes , Dave .
Even in Japan .
Overall football still has underdog status in Japan and the odds are stacked against it .
There is a simple lack of the kind of space necessary for football , and baseball , basketball , and soccer are light years ahead in terms of popularity .
But as previously said , there are some indications that that might be changing .
Events such as the Junior World Championship of American Football and the Super Bowl help increase the profile of the sport here , and hopefully the ( surprisingly old ) Japan American Football Association can increase its ' reach and get more kids interested in the sport .
For our part as Americans , I think it 's important that we take every opportunity to promote our sport abroad , because let 's face it : aside from being a great chance to interact with other countries in a sport that emphasizes brotherhood and teamwork , it 's fun as hell .
Here are the Bears in action .
RAMALLAH , May 20 , 2010 ( IPS ) - Israeli settlers are beginning to feel the bite of an economic boycott campaign launched by the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) against goods produced in the illegal Israeli settlements dotting the occupied West Bank .
" This is economic terrorism , " complained the Yesha Council ( YC ) , an umbrella organisation of municipal councils of Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
Several international companies have already boycotted illegal settler goods or produce , often sold overseas under false ' Made in Israel ' labels .
PA Prime Minister Salaam Fayyad launched an official campaign called House - to - House to rid Palestinian homes and stores of the goods on Tuesday .
This followed PA President Mahmoud Abbas� new law on Monday banning settlement products in PA - controlled areas .
Abbas ' new law states that anyone who deals in goods produced in the settlements will be imprisoned for 2 - 5 years and fined up to 15,000 US dollars .
Those who import settlement products into the Palestinian territories are threatened with three to six years , fines of up to 3,000 dollars and confiscation of licenses and vehicles .
The boycott coincides with Palestinians commemorating the 62nd year of the Nakba , or catastrophe , when Palestinians fled or were expelled from their homes by the Israelis during the establishment of the Jewish state in 1948 .
PA municipal governors will go door - to - door to raise public awareness .
Three thousand volunteers will also be handing out pamphlets to residents , shop owners and businessmen in over 400,000 Palestinian households .
The pamphlets will list over 500 goods produced by Israeli companies in the West Bank and the occupied Syrian Golan Heights .
They will also outline the harm done to the Palestinian economy , the environment and the health sector .
Furthermore , Palestinians will be asked to sign the Karama Pledge , vowing not to purchase settlement goods .
Fayyad has been working towards establishing an independent Palestinian state by building state institutions and lobbying for international support .
He has attended burnings of settler goods to draw attention to the issue .
PA police have also carried out numerous interceptions of trucks carrying settler goods , arrested the drivers and then subsequently destroyed the goods .
So far goods worth more than one million dollars have been confiscated and destroyed .
An outraged YC has called on the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu not to engage in proximity talks with the Palestinians , which are due to start in the near future , following U.S. Mideast envoy George Mitchell�s recent arrival in the region .
The YC further demands that the Israeli government compensate the settlers for the financial losses they have incurred by withholding funds belonging to the PA which Israel transfers to the Ramallah government .
The ' Washington Post� reported on Sunday that at least 17 businesses in the Israeli settlement of Ma�aleh Adumim had closed down since the beginning of the PA boycott a few months earlier .
Avi Elkayam , a spokesman for 300 factory owners , stated that the Mishor Adumim industrial zone was facing " an insufferable situation " .
Elkayam added that a stone - cutting factory had closed down in May due to Palestinian inspectors routinely intercepting supply trucks .
Much of the West Bank�s stone quarries are stripped of rock and rubble by Israeli companies which are then transported to Israel where they are sold due to a shortage of building materials there .
The Palestinians are not compensated for this .
Israel�s settlements are illegal under international law and various U.N. resolutions .
The settlers not only expropriate Palestinian land but also other natural resources from the West Bank , including water .
Israeli settlements also dump their untreated sewage into springs and rivers while they pay no taxes to the PA for the various businesses and factories which they operate from the West Bank .
The Israeli government has slammed the boycott and even called it a breach of the Oslo Accords regarding economic trade between Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories .
However , Samir Awad from Birzeit University near Ramallah disputes this .
" The settlements are illegal under international law and are not recognised as part of Israel .
Therefore the produce of the settlements is illegal and even working on the settlements is illegal . "
" The boycott is the bare minimum that the PA can do to counter the settlements .
It is a baby step in the right direction of a very long journey .
I�m not sure how effective it will be but even a little action is better than no action , " Awad told IPS .
Meanwhile , some foreign diplomats have expressed concern that another PA law banning Palestinian labourers who work on the settlements , due to high unemployment in the West Bank , could backfire with Palestinians being the main victims .
It remains to be seen how easy it will be for the PA to enforce this and whether any financial compensation will be given to the thousands that will join the unemployment queue .
However Fayyad remains adamant .
" We are definitely committed to a path of non-violent resistance and defiance in the face of the settlement enterprise , and we are defiantly expressing our right to boycott those products and I believe it is working , " Fayyad told the Washington Post .
" We will continue to do more . "
Meanwhile , the boycott , disinvestment and sanctions campaign against Israel continues to grow incrementally .
British singer and musician Elvis Costello has announced a pullout from several concerts he was to give in Israel in June citing " �the intimidation , humiliation or much worse on Palestinian civilians in the name of national security . "
( END )
You can tell a lot about a culture by which things it produces are worth stealing .
On Sunday , thieves rappelled through a hole cut in the ceiling of a warehouse and made off with $ 75 million dollars in pills .
The warehouse belonged to pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly & Co. and the thieves made off with a truckload of pills including Prozac , Cymbalta and the anti-psychotic drug Zyprexa .
According to the AP ,
The thieves apparently scaled the brick exterior of the warehouse in an industrial park in Enfield , a town about midway between Hartford and Springfield , Mass. , during a blustery rainstorm before daybreak Sunday .
After lowering themselves to the floor , they disabled the alarms and spent at least an hour loading pallets of drugs into a vehicle at the loading dock , authorities said .
Authorities think the heist could be linked to a series of other pharmaceutical thefts where thieves did a bunch of awesome movie - type shit like using " trapeze - style rigging " to sneak into warehouses and blacking out security cameras with paint .
Here 's hoping they 're planning to drive all these drugs down to Washington and donate them to America to help the health care bill pass .
E.coli causes about 80 % of UTIs Urinary tract infections are becoming increasingly hard to treat because of emerging resistance to current antibiotic drugs , experts warn .
They say the problem is spawned by the overuse of antibiotics in the farming industry which enter the food chain .
Scientists from the University of Hong Kong found evidence suggesting resistance genes are being passed from animals to humans in this way .
Their findings are published in the Journal of Medical Microbiology .
The researchers examined Escherichia coli bacteria , which are responsible for the vast bulk of human urinary tract infections .
( UTIs ) .
It 's a worldwide problem
Professor Chris Thomas from the University of Birmingham Looking at samples from humans and animals they found an identical gene for antibiotic resistance was present .
The gene , called aacC2 , encodes resistance to a commonly - used antibiotic gentamicin and was found in approximately 80 % of the 249 human and animal samples the team studied .
Lead researcher Dr Pak - Leung
Ho said : " These resistance genes may possibly spread to the human gut via the food chain , through direct contact with animals or by exposure to contaminated water sources .
" When the resistance genes end up in bacteria that cause infections in humans , the diseases will be more difficult to treat . "
Global problem
Although the research was carried out in only one region - Hong Kong - experts say the problem is global .
Dr
Ho said : " With the international trading of meats and food animals , antibiotic resistance in one geographic area can easily become global .
" Health authorities need to closely monitor the transmission of resistance between food - producing animals and humans and assess how such transfers are affecting the effectiveness of human use of antibiotics . "
Professor Chris Thomas , an expert in bacteria at the University of Birmingham , said doctors in the UK were also seeing resistant strains .
" Antibiotic use in animal husbandry is tightly controlled in Europe .
" But even if the problem is being curbed here , people travelling abroad and moving from community to community will bring resistance with them and it will spread .
" It 's a worldwide problem . "
He said the resistant infections could be treated with other , sometimes more expensive antibiotics .
However , with time , resistance may develop to these too , he warned .
In the UK , it is estimated that one woman in three will have a UTI before the age of 24 , and that half of all women will have at least one UTI during their lifetime .
They are less common among men .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For many Protestants ( and some others ) whose Church experience has largely been shaped in the past few decades , one of the most disconcerting aspects of a first visit to an Orthodox Church is the fact that not everybody , not all Baptized Christians , are permitted to receive communion .
Indeed , communion is restricted to Orthodox Christians who have made preparation to receive ( that ’s another topic ) .
For some , this is a surprise , for others , not , and for still some few , this is a welcome fact .
When I first visited an Orthodox Church I fell into this last group .
I did not rejoice that I was not able to take communion , but I rejoiced that I was not allowed to ( in the state of schism in which I was living ) .
Someone was saying to me , “ There are things in your Christian life that must be addressed before you approach the Cup . ”
I understood this as healthy .
Indeed the rapid disappearance of communion discipline across much of Christianity in the latter half of the 20th century became as well a rapid re-interpretation of the sacrament and the radical exaltation of the individual over the Church .
I have several reflections to offer in this vein .
First – the rapid disappearance of communion discipline meant the disappearance of boundaries .
Nothing in the Church any longer said , “ No . ” With this , the Christian life itself loses definition .
“ Communion ” with Christ becomes a purely subjective event , itself stripped of meaning because of the lack of boundaries .
If there is no “ No , ” neither can there be a “ Yes . ”
The Garden of Eden , paradise of perfection , contained a single “ No , ” one boundary .
And yet that boundary alone defined communion with God .
In not eating of that tree , Adam and Eve could live in obedience .
Every other meal takes on its meaning of blessed communion because it is eaten in obedience .
With the act of disobedience and the destruction of the only boundary given by God , every tree becomes a potential tree of death .
Indeed , Holy Communion itself can become a Cup of Death according to St. Paul ’s admonitions in 1 Corinthians .
Second – with the abolition of boundaries , communion ceases to be a struggle , and loses the ascesis that is essential to a healthy Christian life .
Communion with God is a gift from God – but like the Kingdom of God , the “ violent take it by force ” ( Matt. 11:12 ) .
This rather odd verse is a reference to those who pursue God in such a way that it is not inappropriate to use the word “ violent ” to describe it .
St. John the Baptist ’s ministry was marked by his fasting and struggles in prayer .
It is such efforts that are “ violent ” in the Christian life .
It should be normative in the Christian life that the holy mysteries are approached with ascesis .
Rather than approaching God with an attitude of entitlement ( “ this is my communion ” ) we approach struggling against sin in our life : repenting , confessing , forgiving , fasting .
In a Christian life they are acts of love .
In all of our healthy relationships some level of ascesis is practiced though we rarely reconize it or call it by that name .
In marriage we understand that husbands are to “ love their wives even as Christ loved the Church ” ( Eph. 5:25 ) that is , they are to lay down their lives for them .
A marriage built on romantic phrases rather than sacrificial acts of love can all too easily be a marriage destined to fail .
It is not that we earn grace or salvation – I would argue strongly that every effort of “ struggle ” is itself an effort made possible and infused with grace .
But the gift of our salvation should not be likened to a man who never picked up a baseball bat suddenly walking up to the plate at the last out in the ninth inning , facing a pitcher with an ERA below 1 and smacking the baseball deep into the stands in center field .
I ’ll grant that grace could work like that , but it would be Walt Disney and not Jesus Christ .
Thus the God who saves us by grace tells us to “ keep my commandments , ” and any number of other things .
[ An exception : the wise thief .
Ninth inning .
Though even he surely knew a struggle as he fought his way to the words : “ Remember me in your kingdom . ” ]
God will not abandon us as we take up that struggle – but struggle we must – for such is the life of grace .
Before I was received into the Orthodox Church , of necessity I took a different “ approach ” to communion .
Attending services before I was received into the Church , I knew that I would not yet be able to approach the Cup .
But I kept the fast .
From midnight forward I ate nothing .
Thus like the rest of the congregation , I sang in hunger as Heaven surrounded us and God gave Himself to us on His most Holy Altar .
I could not eat – but I could struggle to eat – I could be hungry .
Hunger is not the fullness of the faith – but , if I may be so bold – it is part of the fullness .
And at certain times part of the fullness is more than nothing .
I think this is an important point for much of our life .
There is a fullness of the Cup of Salvation that most of us have not yet tasted , even if we come to the Cup each Sunday .
I do not yet know the fullness of loving my enemies , or forgiving my friends , or walking without fear ( we can each make this part of the list longer ) .
But I can know something of the fullness of hunger for these things and the daily toil of struggling for them by grace .
And by grace I pray at last to have been brought across that boundary of sin that separates me from others and myself , united to Christ and the liberty that comes from Him alone .
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
More
Print
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : asceticism , Communion , Orthodox Christianity
The painful reality is that age - related cognitive decline often begins in your late 40s .
Diet , exercise , nutraceuticals , and other longevity treatments may help delay this deterioration , which is particularly pronounced in declarative memory — the ability to recall facts and experiences — but age eventually takes its toll .
Changes occur in gene expression in the brain ’s hippocampus and frontal lobe .
However , the molecular mechanisms underlying these changes in gene regulation are not completely known .
A new study published in Science sheds some light on how “ memory disturbances ” in an aging mouse brain are associated with altered “ hippocampal chromatin plasticity ” — the combination of DNA , histones , and other proteins that make up the chromosomes associated with the hippocampus .
Specifically , the study describes an acetyl genetic switch that produces memory impairment in aging 16 - month - old mice .
Because the acetyl was n’t present in young 3 - month - old mice , the study concludes that it acts as a switch for a cluster of learning and memory genes .
The research was led by André Fischer of the European Neuroscience Institute in Göttingen , Germany , and reported in New Scientist .
Three - month - old mice had to find their way around a new environment and were then assessed on their ability to associate an electric shock with a particular location .
The result was much higher genetic expression of over 1500 genes known to make proteins needed for the creation of new neurons .
Older 16 - month - old mice were given the same tasks and did not exhibit the same gene expression .
They also did not do as well as the younger mice at spatial learning and memory tasks .
The genetic switch involves acetylation , the introduction of an acetyl group into a molecule at the DNA level of chromatin resulting in genetic transcription .
Here ’s a video that animates the acetylation of histone proteins in the regulation of gene expression in cancer cells :
It was n’t long ago that the idea that genes could be switched on and off was revolutionary : gene regulatory proteins , and the specific DNA sequences that these proteins recognize , turn genes on and off in response to a variety of signals .
Dr. Fischer ’s research shows that when young mice are learning , an acetyl group binds to a particular point on the histone protein .
The cluster of learning and memory genes on the surrounding DNA ends up close to the acetyl group .
This acetyl group was missing in the older mice that had been given the same tasks .
By injecting an enzyme known to encourage acetyl groups to bind to any kind of histone molecule , Fischer ’s team flipped the acetyl genetic switch to the “ on ” position in the older mice and their learning and memory performance became similar to that of 3 - month - old mice .
Fischer ’s team flipped the acetyl genetic switch to the “ on ” position in the older mice and their learning and memory performance became similar to that of 3 - month - old mice .
Ultimately , Dr. Fischer ’s team is interested in understanding the impairment associated with normal aging , as well as the origins of mental and neurodegenerative diseases such as anxiety disorders and Alzheimer ’s disease .
Their hope is that the study of hippocampal chromatin plasticity and gene regulation in mice will help them to identify therapeutic strategies to encourage neuroplasticity ( the formation of new neural networks in the brain ) , to improve learning behavior , and to recover seemingly lost long - term memories in human patients .
Switch on memory ?
What ’s not clear is why the switch flips “ off ” as we get older .
It might help us cope with oxidative stress at the cellular level as we age .
Turning the switch “ on ” might have damaging side effects .
But , then again , you just might be able to remember where you left those darn keys .
Gearing Up for the Slow Down
Even Disaster Takes Preparation
Another Shoah - denier ?
Hezbollah Secretary - General Hassan Nasrallah urged followers Friday to impart the legacy of Israel 's withdrawal from Lebanon similarly to " what Israel does with the Holocaust , whether it indeed happened or not . "
The Hezbollah leader delivered his televised speech on the occasion of inaugurating a museum commemorating " the victory of the resistance over Israel " in a south Lebanon village .
The new museum is modest compared to the " sacrifice and legendary victories , " Nasrallah added .
Tensions High Hezbollah on high alert ahead of IDF drill News agencies Shiite group 's representative in southern Lebanon meets with Jewish American intellectual Noam Chomsky at his home in Tyre , says ' thousands of fighters ready for anything '
Hezbollah on high alert ahead of IDF drill
" On Sunday we 'll see quite a show on both sides of the border – in south Lebanon we 'll hold an elections festival , while on the Israeli side millions will head to bomb shelters and follow an emergency plan because of their fear of the resistance , " he said .
On Tuesday , Nasrallah is expected to deliver a special address to mark 10 years to the IDF withdrawal from southern Lebanon .
In his speech Friday , Nasrallah presented an unanswered question ahead of his next address : " Why are we seeing all those visits by the Americans , Europeans , and Arabs to Lebanon ? "
The Hezbollah leader said he will provide an answer for the question in his Tuesday speech .
Photographer and Writer Thom Hogan 's primary Web site , with pointers to articles that appear on his other sites ( e.g. dslrbodies.com , sansmirror.com , and zsystemuser.com ) .
On the Web supporting photography for over 25 years .
May I ask that you start your photographic - related shopping by clicking on any of the B&H links on this site .
B&H is this site 's exclusive advertiser .
Starting a purchase from any B&H link on this site helps support this site .
Oh the places I 'm not going this year ...
This Week's Articles
Quote of the week : " I 've been involuntarily transformed into a collector of what are now vintage cameras : APS - C DSLRs . "
Wednesday — September 23 , 2020
Nikon today announced the Mac version of their Webcam software .
You can download the beta version from their Web site .
Reminder , this new software is designed to work with the Z cameras , as well as the D6 , D500 , D780 , D850 , D5600 , and D7500 DSLRs .
NikonUSA has a page dedicated to setting up your Webcam .
Tuesday — September 22 , 2020
Who would have thought ?
The most emails I 've received in a single day about a single subject was about one of the bullet points in yesterday 's posted article .
What could trigger such an avalanche of advice ?
Getting stuck rear lens caps off .
It seems that all you need is a rope , a pen , a rubber band , a refrigerator , a special cloth , lubricants , the right plant leaf , and a host of other MacGyver - ish bits and pieces , and you can remove stuck lens caps .
I 'm struck by my readers ' ingenuity , but I 'm also a bit surprised at how many of you have encountered the same thing .
In four decades of shooting I 've not had this issue , now suddenly I see that hundreds of you — probably more , as some of you were to lazy to write ; ~ ) — have had the same problem .
Monday — September 21 , 2020
Z System Miscellany —
A bunch of unrelated comments , advice , and thoughts
We have a number of countries that are trying to restart their tourism .
I consider this to be premature , but it 's happening .
The pattern seems to be the same .
I 'll use Ecuador as the example : you must have a PCR type COVID - 19 test taken within 10 days of arriving in Ecuador and a certificate showing a negative result .
If you 're traveling on to the Galapagos Islands , you 'll need to take another test while in Ecuador within two days of your flight to the islands .
Most of the travel services you 'd use to book Galapagos travel can arrange that , but it means that you 'll spend two or three nights in Quito or Guayaquil before heading to the islands .
And , of course , there may be the issue of getting back into the country or area you left from .
Where I live there 's still a 14 - day curfew in place for someone traveling to many states .
It 's unclear whether that applies to International destinations yet , but I 'm sure it will at the point where Pennsylvania realizes that this kind of travel is happening .
Kenya and Tanzania also have similar restrictions as Ecuador , and I expect several other tourist - heavy countries to join this trend in the next two weeks .
I 'd say this : be very , very careful , and consider others in your decision .
Ecuador is trying to do the right thing — the Galapagos Islands now at least have a couple of ventilators on the islands , and they 're going to great lengths to try to keep the islands isolated from the virus — but not all countries are .
Before even considering this kind of travel , please consult the US Embassy page for the country , which generally is being kept up to date and has as much detail as is known .
Tip : you have to click on the Embassy name once on that page , then further use the menus to find the alerts / messages / news pages .
Because of some recent site reorganizations , it can be difficult to find the " COVID - 19 Information " page for an embassy .
If you get lost , drop me a line as to which country you 're trying to figure out and I 'll try to help .
For example , here 's the current Botswana virus page posted by the embassy in Gaborone .
( Even once the pandemic has tapered down — which it currently has not — you should still check the proper embassy page .
COVID - 19 is n't the only problem you might encounter in traveling . )
Am I traveling any time soon ?
No .
I consider it immoral unless the travel is 100 % essential .
Why ?
Because even with testing you wo n't know for sure if you 're a vector .
The pandemic is caused by the number of interactions between people filtered by how well they use protection .
Travel increases interactions .
Protection is n't perfect .
The more we can get the Rt close to zero , the sooner this all ends .
Travel even within the US has been shown to increase the Rt .
In the Atlantic states where I live , the Rt has basically been bouncing around 1 ( currently just under 1 where I live ) .
At that level , the virus continues to spread , though sluggishly ( one new case for each previous case ) .
So , just because some places are offering travel options , that does n't mean the pandemic is over .
Far from it .
Previously on byThom ...
Friday — September 18 , 2020
Wednesday — September 16 , 2020
I 've gotten a few comments about " broken " RSS feeds .
When I simplified the site structures , the RSS feed links logically changed name slightly .
Sansmirror is now as it should be ( at least for the rest of 2020 ) .
Go to any News / Views page and use the Subscribe to RSS feed link .
The dslrbodies feed needs another small tweak , which I 'll get around to next week .
The zystemuser feed should be fine , it 's never moved .
However , because of the way I organize my static HTML pages , you really need to update your RSS feeds every year , as the yearly archiving process moves folders .
Tuesday — September 15 , 2020
Friday — September 11 , 2020
What 's going on with Zeiss ?
New lens production from 2015 onward : 8 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 .
The Touit lenses were the last to be in any mirrorless mount other than Sony E. Meanwhile , Canon , Nikon , and Sony have upped their game when it comes to lenses , often besting the best equivalent Zeiss .
The unconventional and potentially groundbreaking ZX1 camera was announced almost two years ago ( Sept 27 , 2018 ) and still has n't shown up .
Do we need to send a courtesy / welfare squad to Oberkochen to check on them ?
Please tell me you 're okay , meine Freunde .
Wednesday — September 9 , 2020
I 'm mostly heads down this week , trying to get a book complete .
So there might not be much in the way of new articles for a bit as I concentrate my writing / editing efforts elsewhere .
Meanwhile , if you 're looking for Nikon D6 or a 120 - 300 mm f/2.8 , let me know , I know of a dealer with one of each in stock .
Tuesday — September 8 , 2020
Welcome back from the Labor Day non-celebrations .
It seemed like last week was a FedEx parade here at Thom 's Self - Isolation Center ( otherwise known as Thom 's SIC ) .
Nikon finally pushed out a range of new gear , though amusingly the 24 - 50 mm f/4-6.3 lens I ordered via NPS priority purchase — NikonUSA did n't think to let you order the Z5 kit , only separate body and lens — is n't one of them .
Be careful , Nikon , one of the other goodies FedEx dropped off was a Canon R6 and the 100 - 500 mm f/4 - 7.1 lens .
I just might tackle those reviews first as I wait , as do many of you , for Nikon to deliver announced products .
Traditionally , this is the week I return from a month - long absence from the Internet , rush to catch up , and then run out the door again to various destinations those of you with jobs have now abandoned .
That and I start shooting fall sports .
Of course this year , I did n't take that break , I rarely leave the SIC , and the only sports I seem to see are a few joggers passing the SIC every now and then .
I can no longer call the rabbits and squirrels in the back yard wildlife , as I 've given them all names .
Product testing is going to take some imagination and a few steps outside the SIC .
Fortunately , one of those FedEx deliveries was my new bike , so maybe I 'll pedal down to the river a few times and see if I can find a different set of squirrels .
Meanwhile , Nikon D850 owners are upset enough to create a petition on change.org .
Actually , it 's more of a plaintiff wail than a petition ( " where is the CFe update ? " ) .
I understand their concern .
XQD card choice has narrowed , and there 's clear worry that by buying XQD cards you might be crippling some future camera you might buy .
In my case , I just want the faster ingest that CFe offers over XQD with the right card reader .
I 've said it before , I 'll repeat it for the thousandth time : Nikon Japan needs to get re-connected to its customers , and soon .
Some of Nikon 's best customers ( D850 users ) are again questioning corporate decisions and promises .
Nikon promised a CFe upgrade for the D500 , D5 , and D850 in February 2019 .
They have n't delivered in over a year .
If they can't deliver on that , these users are now pondering what else can't Nikon deliver ?
Ultimately it comes down to that in consumer products : deliver or die .
And I do n't mean deliver boxes , as Nikon did last week for many .
I mean deliver on promises , hopes , and addressing customer concern .
Thursday — September 3 , 2020
Wednesday — September 2 , 2020
Thanks for all your suggestions about presentation topics ( keep them coming , I 'm getting a better sense of other topics you want me to cover ) .
I 've come up with an idea that 's going to end up as a three - part presentation , now I just have to realize it .
All but one of you are going to be surprised — and even that person is going to be surprised by parts 1 and 2 — but this is about something core and you all need to know it , no matter which camera you use .
Monday — August 31 , 2020
Fujifilm and Panasonic have scheduled product introductions this week .
Canon , Nikon , and Sony will also have new product announcements in September or October , though it 's unclear as to exact dates at the moment .
I continue to expect September and October to be reasonably busy times in terms of new products , more so than in most years .
This weekend I posted an article on Nikon Z product availability and today I 'm adding the DSLR equivalent :
Given how many products are showing up in limited or no supply here in the midst of the pandemic slump , I have to wonder if Nikon is at all ready for any holiday buying spurt .
_____
The Creative Photo Academy wants me to do an Online Class for them .
I know what many of you would like to see me present ( autofocus with Z's ) , but the problem with subjects that really need to be demonstrated is that I have no ability to do / show the field work necessary at the moment in an online presentation .
So sports and wildlife photography best practices are probably out for the time being .
Whatever I would do for an online session has to be able to be done in my cramped home office , basically , which rules out a lot of things , as we 're talking about all I have room for in that office is desk , chair , and shelves .
As it is I have to get creative as to where I might put a camera , even if all I wanted to show was the menu process for something .
So , the question is this : what presentation would you like to see me do , and why ?
Photo Mechanic and Photoshop are both tools I know well , obviously .
General discussions of Nikon gear and setup are probably easy enough to do , as long as I know which gear I need to bring to the home office to work with .
Mac subjects obviously fall well into my comfort zone , as I started working with a Mac back in 1983 and created a lot of products for the system along the way .
Drop me a line telling me what you want to know and what you think I might be able to help with .
Thursday — August 27 , 2020
Today ( and tomorrow ) is new product arrival time at dealers for Canon and Nikon mirrorless users .
The Canon R6 boxes are showing up , as are Nikon Z5 , 70 - 200 mm f/2.8 S , the two Z teleconverters , and even another batch of 24-200 mm f/4-6.3 .
Of course , on the Nikon side pretty much everything but the Z5 will be out of stock by the weekend .
Meanwhile , Canon took a first pass at addressing the overheating problems ( FeverGate ) of the R5 with firmware 1.1.0 .
There were a bunch of firmware updates for various cameras this week , and those wo n't all propagate to the correct pages on my sites until this weekend , as I need my bandwidth for something else today and tomorrow .
Next week we 'll start the next round of new product introductions ;~ ) .
I suspect that we 're going to see the Japanese companies really trying to get their new gear into the product channels before the quarter ends ( September 30 ) .
Wednesday — August 26 , 2020
Opteka 420-800 mm f/8-16 lens review —
What do you get for US$ 110 ?
Olympus now has a beta of their Webcam software available for the macOS .
The manual for the Nikon Z5 is now available .
Monday — August 24 , 2020
A few of you wanted me to take Adobe to task for a Lightroom on iOS update that permanently deleted users photos and presets .
Okay , that 's bad .
Someone at Adobe made a big mistake .
However , if you actually lost images by updating , you 're going to have to claim some of the responsibility , because it means you have n't been backing up your iOS device or syncing images to the cloud .
If that 's you , I recommend iMazing , though you can do something similar with Apple 's own software .
Capture One 20 ( 13.1.2 ) has been released , basically bug fixes and new camera support , including Canon R5/R6 and Sony A7S Mark III .
Friday — August 21 , 2020
An email triggered a thought I 've been having for a bit now : that in all the current bad news there 's possible future good news .
Let me explain .
ILC shipments in 2019 were 8.2 m units .
Without the pandemic , I would have expected something along the lines of 6.5 m units in 2020 .
Instead , we 're currently on track for about 4 m units .
That 's probably considerably under what would be " normal " demand .
Normality unfortunately has been decimated mostly because the things you 'd buy a new camera to go photograph just are n't happening in your life at the moment , or you just do n't have the disposable income to spend on a new body or lens right now .
Let 's make the assumption that the combination of vaccine availability and increasing herd immunity clearly starts to mitigate the pandemic in early 2021 , and employment increases again , which is the educated assumption at the moment .
My guess is that in Spring 2021 demand would " rebound " back to above where it likely would have ended up in 2020 , with some additional sales occurring due to the pent up demand that the pandemic caused .
So let 's be a little optimistic : 6 m units in 2021 , weighted heavily in the summer , fall , and holiday .
If the camera makers really used the combination of market contraction and pandemic to " right size " themselves , 6 m units would look like huge growth to them ( 50 % ! ) , and profitability should easily return .
Now , life has this way of getting in the way of plans , so the above is n't at all certain .
However , it would be the primary scenario I 'd be gaming in product management right now if I were running a camera company .
I 'd want to launch major products in spring 2021 , and I 'd want to be able to ramp up production , if necessary , of existing models .
I 'd expect 2021 to be an " up year " compared to 2020 , and a much needed respite from market contraction .
Thursday — August 20 , 2020
Adobe has dropped August updates for most of their Creative Cloud Photography Plan products .
In the raw conversion arena , they 've added support for the Canon R5 and R6 , Nikon Z5 , Olympus E- M10 Mark IV , Panasonic G100 / G110 , and Sony A7S Mark III and ZV - 1 .
Some of this is preliminary support , as final profiles have n't been made and tested yet .
Lightroom Classic 9.4 , ACR 12.4 , and Photoshop 21.2.2 also all get bug fixes .
Sony has added Imaging Edge Webcam ( only Windows so far ) to allow the Alpha models to be used in live - streaming and as a Web cam .
The ProGrade 256GB CFexpress card is available for US$ 199 ( US$ 100 off ) today only at B &H Deal Zone [ advertiser link ] .
Wednesday — August 19 , 2020
Nikon updated all their main software products yesterday to support the Z5 ( e.g. Capture NX - D , ViewNX - i , etc. ) .
Nikon 's Update Center .
Tuesday — August 18 , 2020
Yes , I continue to try to bring the zsystemuser.com site towards some level of " completeness . "
Do n't worry , I 'm still tinkering with sansmirror.com and dslrbodies.com and have upcoming articles and reviews for them , too .
Plus I am working on some surprises and additions based upon your feedback last week .
I even have a code name for that project .
No , I wo n't tell you what the code name is ;~ ) .
Links to all the previous articles for my sites can be found in the Articles Index .
A few weeks ago the man who held the key to one of the great mysteries of Western Europe died .
He was called Emile Fradin .
He was a farmer in France in a village called Glozel near the town of Vichy .
And he was 103 years old .
His story is extraordinary .
Back in the 1920s Emile Fradin was working in a field when one of his cows stumbled into an underground chamber .
It was full of strange objects - human bones with strange markings on them , human masks , hermaphrodite idols with phalluses on their head .
And most mysterious of all - square clay tablets inscribed with an unknown language .
Here is a picture of a young Emile Fradin
Fradin then allowed anyone to come and dig in his field - and after a while everyone began to find more and more strange objects - thousand and thousands of them .
It caused a sensation .
Some leading archaeologists said they were genuine artifacts from the Neolithic period .
Other - equally eminent - archaeologists insisted that they were fake .
Emile Fradin stuck to his story .
He sued the head of the Louvre for defamation .
The head of the French Prehistoric Society persuaded the police to raid Fradin 's farmhouse .
He was charged with fraud , but nothing was proved .
At the heart of the mystery was the strange language .
If the clay tablets were really from the Neolithic period then they predated the Phoenician characters from which western alphabets are supposed to have come .
And that would mean that the cradle of human civilisation was not the Middle East as everyone supposed , but Glozel - Emile Fradin 's village .
No - one knows whether the find was one of the greatest frauds ever .
Or whether Emile Fradin 's stumbling cow revealed that much of what we believe about our ancient past is wrong .
And now the only person who knows the truth has died .
Here is part of a film made by the BBC in 1974 about the mystery .
The characters are like something out of a Wes Anderson movie .
It is full of obsessive and strange people from the world of archaeology including Emile Fradin himself .
But it is dominated by the wonderful figure of Dorothy Garrod .
She was the world 's leading archaeologist in the 1930s and the first woman professor in Cambridge .
She spent her time in the 1920s and 30s leading expeditions through Palestine and Kurdistan .
Here she is in 1913 .
I also love the way the film is made .
It is a documentary style that is now completely lost to television ( but it is beginning to re-emerge in some of the whimsical independent movies in Hollywood - like Wes Anderson ) .
You could describe it as anti-style .
Everyone is interviewed with a light firmly fixed in front of them , all the shots are completely functional and unstylised .
I particularly love the shot of four eminent archaeologists arriving together in a 1970s car at Monsieur Fradin 's farmhouse - all determined to destroy him ( in their pompous archaeological way ) .
And to top it all there is some beautiful , obsolete 1970s technology .
President Barack Obama has named two political veterans to head an independent US commission investigating the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , amid criticism of the government 's response .
They are ex-Democratic Senator Bob Graham and former Republican environment chief William Reilly .
The president said he wanted to make sure such a disaster never happened again .
The panel has six months to compile its report .
President Obama 's administration has been forced to defend its record in dealing with the spill .
' Hold Washington accountable '
The oil leak began more than a month ago , when a rig leased by BP exploded , killing 11 people and spewing millions of gallons of oil into the ocean .
The spill has reached Louisiana and is threatening Florida and Cuba .
So far , BP has borne the brunt of public outrage over the spill , but analysts say there is now also a growing sense of anger towards the government .
In his weekly radio and internet address , Mr Obama stressed that no government employee or elected official would serve on the seven - member panel .
The remaining five members have not yet been named .
Mr Reilly led the Environmental Protection Agency under President George Bush Sr , while Mr Graham served in the senate from 1987 - 2005 .
" The purpose of this commission is to consider both the root causes of the disaster and offer options on what safety and environmental precautions we need to take to prevent a similar disaster from happening again , " the president said .
He said that the government was doing all it could to help struggling fishermen and other businesses and communities affected by the spill .
But he said the panel would also investigate whether more could have been done to prevent the disaster .
" Even as we continue to hold BP accountable , we also need to hold Washington accountable . "
Mr Obama also dismissed calls to halt his programme of expanding offshore oil drilling in the wake of the spill .
" The Gulf of Mexico can play an important part in securing our energy future , " he said , before adding :
" We can only pursue offshore oil drilling if we have assurances that a disaster like the BP oil spill will not happen again . "
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
A Louisiana sheriff halted production of Steven Seagal 's reality TV show because of allegations made against the action movie actor in a sex abuse lawsuit .
A former model accused Seagal of using her as his " sex toy " after she was hired to be his assistant , a lawsuit filed this week said .
Seagal 's lawyer called the sexual harassment suit " a complete fabrication " and said the woman was fired for using illegal drugs .
The civil suit put Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand in an awkward position since the A&E reality series " Steven Seagal : Lawman " is based on his department , where the actor is also a reserve sheriff 's deputy .
" I informed them today that I did not think it would be in our best interest to continue filming at the present time , " Normand said Wednesday .
The sheriff said he has reviewed the lawsuit and he will " take the allegations very seriously . "
" I will treat Mr. Seagal no different than any other employee of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's office , " he said .
" I am not moved one iota by virtue of his being a movie star of the fact that the national media has an interest in this case . "
Normand , who previously described his relationship with Seagal as " very close , " suggested there were questions about the alleged victim .
" I do n't know if these allegations are true , " he said .
" I mean , as of yesterday , I think there 's been revelations about the alleged victim . "
He did not elaborate on what those questions were .
Seagal will remain a reserve deputy chief and no criminal probe will be conducted unless the woman makes a statement with sheriff 's investigators or the FBI , he said .
Her lawyer told CNN she did not contact local law enforcement agencies " in light of the fact that he'd been down there all that week shooting the TV show riding in a cop car with them . "
" He is the sheriff 's department , " attorney William Waldo said .
Kayden Nguyen , 23 , answered an online Craigslist ad for an executive assistant job at Seagal 's production company in February and was soon on his private jet taking off from Los Angeles bound for New Orleans , the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court said .
" As the jet taxied down the runway , Mr. Seagal turned to Ms. Nguyen and said ' I 'm a family man , and I live with my wife , but she would n't care if you were my lover , ' " the suit .
" Ms. Nguyen decided to take a wait and see attitude . "
After Nguyen arrived in New Orleans " she learned that the job she was expected to perform had nothing to do with being an ' executive assistant , ' " it said .
Over the next five days , she was sexually assaulted three times by Seagal at a house " many miles from New Orleans in a remote rural area of Jefferson Parish , " the suit said .
Seagal also kept " two young Russian ' attendants ' on staff who were available for his sexual needs 24 hours a day , seven days a week , " it said .
During Nguyen 's first night on the job , Seagal demanded a " massage , " it said .
" He then proceeded to treat Ms. Nguyen as his sex toy . "
The suit gives graphic details of Seagal 's alleged groping and fondling of Nguyen .
Seagal responded to " Nguyen 's terror with the order to ' relax , ' 'we wo n't do anything special tonight .
I 'll save that for another night , ' " the suit said .
The suit alleged that Seagal and his co-workers with the production company ignored her repeated complaints and the assaults continued , including a " vicious sexual attack " on the second night .
She finally left the house in a taxi on Sunday , February 28 , under the pretense of meeting family members , but against Seagal 's wishes , it said .
" As Ms. Nguyen ran to the cab , Mr. Seagal followed a few steps behind , shining a flashlight with a gun attached to it , " it said .
She was so " in fear for her personal safety that she left behind everything that she owned , including her car keys , her laptop , her clothes and hundreds of dollars worth of makeup , " it said .
The lawsuit said employees of Seagal 's production company refused to return her property because she would not sign a release promising not to sue for the sexual assaults .
As support for the claims , the lawsuit said that Seagal has a " unique physiological reaction to sexual arousal , " which Nguyen " can and will describe in great detail .
Celebrity lawyer Marty Singer , who represents Seagal , said the suit was a " ridiculous and absurd claim by a disgruntled ex-employee who was fired for using illegal narcotics . "
Her claims " are a complete fabrication without a scintilla of truth , " he said .
Nguyen was enrolled in school to be an air traffic controller when she answered the online ad , it said .
Before that , she was " an aspiring professional model . "
Vikings rookie tailback Toby Gerhart bears the trademarks of a classic football player — granite jaw , tightly cropped hair and a barrel - chested physique that strains the jersey .
Underneath that athletic veneer , however , is an enterprising individual with multiple personas and broad responsibilities .
There is the ambitious scholar and high school valedictorian driven to take a 21 - credit course load during his senior season at Stanford .
The master sibling of six athletically and academically gifted children raised by two teachers , one a former professional football player , the other a high school basketball standout .
The willing jester in a pair of digital short films showcasing a self - effacing wit that has gone viral .
And during this weekend ’s rookie camp at Winter Park , Gerhart started auditioning for a new role , replacing departed free agent Chester Taylor as Adrian Peterson ’s wingman in the Minnesota backfield .
The 2009 Heisman Trophy runner - up and most productive running back in college football last year got his first taste of life in the NFL at Friday ’s practice .
He soaked it all in , from the nameplate in the locker room and special - teams drills to his introduction to the Vikings ’ offensive scheme .
“ It ’s kind of surreal , ” he said .
“ Me and Everson ( Griffen ) were talking about that in the locker room .
He goes , ‘ Man , could you sleep last night ? ’
I was like , ‘ No , not really . ’
“ It was kind of nerve - racking .
It ’s fun to walk in there and see your name on a locker , get a helmet , get a jersey .
Just living the dream . ”
BIG SHOES TO FILL
The Vikings coveted the punishing ball carrier so much , they traded two picks to the Houston Texans to move up in the second round and draft Gerhart 51st overall .
At 6 feet 1 , 231 pounds , Gerhart gives Minnesota options — to spare Peterson from more pounding or to unleash a battering ram to punish defenders in short - yardage and goal - line situations .
Gerhart said he met Peterson briefly at the Super Bowl and shook hands with his potential partner .
“ About broke my hand , ” he said .
Notwithstanding his credentials and the Vikings ’ confidence in his ability , Gerhart realizes these preseason camps are for him to shut up , listen and learn .
Asked how he expects to assimilate , Gerhart said no fewer than four times that he will work hard and contribute whatever he can to make the team , from complementing Peterson to mashing it up on special teams .
“ There ’s always pressure .
You ’re trying to make the team and replace a great player , ” he said about Taylor , who signed as a free agent with the Chicago Bears .
“ It ’s big shoes to fill .
But I ’m going to work hard and do what ’s asked of me and embrace the role that ’s asked of me . ”
The Vikings drafted Gerhart to be a tailback .
Coach Brad Childress said his pass - catching ability was somewhat underrated and that Gerhart could be used out of the backfield .
Childress said this is not a blocking back ; this is a player who can split wide as a receiver .
He lauded Gerhart ’s hand - to - eye coordination , referring to his baseball career .
At Stanford , Gerhart played three years in the outfield , hitting a home run in the 2008 College World Series .
“ Do n ’t , ” Childress said , “ put him in a box . ”
CAPTAIN VIDEO
Last year unfolded like a fairy tale for Gerhart and the Cardinal , who earned their first bowl berth ( the Sun Bowl ) in eight years .
Gerhart led the country with 1,871 yards and 28 touchdowns , finishing 28 points behind Alabama ’s Mark Ingram in Heisman voting — the closest race in the 75 - year history of the award .
Gerhart ’s profile received an unexpected boost courtesy of YouTube .
In front of the camera , Gerhart proved a capable straight man in a pair of Stanford athletics promotional videos that garnered national attention .
One fused an interview of Gerhart soberly discussing how he balances playing baseball and football with a bit showing him trying out for several sports to the mock consternation of his fellow Cardinal athletes .
He used a baseball bat to drive golf balls from the tee box and two - handed swings to smash returns out of a tennis court .
He intercepted a pass in field hockey and galloped for a touchdown .
Wearing his football helmet , Gerhart lined up in a three - point stance on the starting platform and did a cannonball as the freestyle swimmers launched into a race .
The money shot kept Gerhart in the pool with the women ’s synchronized swimming team , which led him through several routines before he was lifted out of the water atop a pyramid .
“ He was willing to try anything , ” said video director Bud Anderson .
“ He was as good doing this as he was running for 100 yards . ”
The five - minute video was shot in June to help promote non-revenue sports .
By fall , as Gerhart ’s Heisman campaign intensified , the tongue - in - cheek clip was being played during games at Stanford Stadium and on “ SportsCenter ” en route to more than 47,000 page views on YouTube .
Anderson quickly scripted a sequel in October , with the deadpan Gerhart auditioning for a role in an a cappella singing troupe .
It also features Stanford coach Jim Harbaugh on stage , barking at Gerhart , “ C’mon , you gotta stay on top of the note !
Project ! ”
Said Anderson , “ Oftentimes , you do n’t realize how much someone has to offer until you get them in the right situation and realize they can do anything .
Toby ’s multitalented . ”
MAKING THE GRADE
Depth of character drives the narrative provided by those closest to Gerhart .
“ He ’s the type of guy who truly pays attention to my kids when they talk to him , and that ’s why they love him , ” said his agent , David Dunn .
“ There ’s a genuineness about him that sticks out . ”
Wande Olabisi , who played baseball and lived with Gerhart on campus for three years , describes his former roommate as confident yet humble , a high - minded student who was not above pulling the occasional practical joke .
“ We were paranoid freshmen who were always locking our doors twice , ” recalled Olabisi , a minor league prospect for the San Diego Padres .
“ One day , I came home and he was standing there , wide - eyed , and said both our laptops were stolen .
I ’m going crazy , yelling at him for not locking the doors .
I ’m on the verge of going after him when he pulls the laptops out from under the bed with this huge smile on his face . ”
Gerhart majored in management science and engineering .
By taking 21 credits last fall , he was able to take off winter semester to prepare for the NFL combine and draft and is scheduled to graduate this spring .
Olabisi envisions Gerhart as a venture capitalist or entrepreneur if he were not playing football .
“ I could definitely see him being part of a Fortune 500 company ; he has that kind of ambition , that type of drive , ” Olabisi said .
The oldest of Todd and Lori Gerhart ’s six children , Toby also is the standard bearer for a family that prioritizes academic achievement .
“ Around the kitchen table , you were made fun of if you got a B , ” Todd Gerhart said .
“ It was all A ’s in our family . ”
The boys excel in football , the girls at softball .
Garth , 21 , is a center for Arizona State .
The baby , Coltin , 14 , quarterbacked his eighth - grade team .
Then , there are the 18 - year - old triplets , Teagan , Kelsey and Whitley .
Teagan and Kelsey are softball pitcher and catcher , respectively , at Stanford ; Whitley plays for Cal Poly San Luis Obispo .
As the oldest , Toby Gerhart acknowledges he had it easier because he set the bar for the others .
At the same time , he carries the burden of expectations .
“ You ’re the one they look at as an example , so you ’ve got to be on your best behavior and do things the right way , ” said Gerhart , who used to braid his sisters ’ hair before school when they were children .
“ I come from a great family .
It ’s been a great ride .
All my brothers and sisters are doing great things . ”
CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK
Under his father ’s tutelage at Norco High School , 40 miles east of Los Angeles , Gerhart led the country in rushing in 2006 and set California ’s career record with 9,662 yards .
Running with the football he got from his dad .
Todd was an all - conference running back at Cal State Fullerton ( 1981 - 84 ) and played two years for the Denver Gold of the United States Football League .
After the USFL folded in the summer of 1986 , Todd flew to Minnesota hoping to land one of the few remaining jobs available with the Vikings .
Memories from Mankato , where the Vikings hold training camp , are hazy .
There was a touchdown catch from Wade Wilson , eating lunch with Mike Tice and getting run over in the backfield by Chris Doleman .
“ He left shoe footprints on me , ” Todd said .
By the end of the week , the Vikings told Todd to return the playbook and sent him packing with the clothes he brought , not one thing more .
“ I remember I tried to grab a pair of gym shorts , but the trainer saw it and yelled at me to give ’em back , ” he said .
A 1987 tryout with the Houston Oilers ended the same way , so Todd Gerhart rejoined his wife and newborn son , Toby , in California .
Four years later , he started coaching .
Todd Gerhart avoided coaching his sons in youth football to avoid “ burning them out on Dad . ”
He deferred to Harbaugh at Stanford but has been known to text Toby with notes about his footwork or hitting holes .
Above all , he instilled in his oldest son the fear of complacency .
“ Never be content , ” Toby Gerhart said Friday .
“ When you think you ’ve made it , you have n’t .
Keep working to be the best .
Every day ’s a new battle .
You ’ve got to be better .
Do n’t be satisfied with a practice today .
Improve yourself tomorrow . ”
Ubuntu :
The DRM - free digital music store we previously peeked at has now opened to the public — at least the public that 's using the Ubuntu 10.04 Beta .
It 's fairly easy to use , and automatically syncs your purchases to your free cloud storage .
Advertisement
Technically , the Ubuntu
One store launched late last month , but it must have slipped our attention .
As it stands , you 'll still need to head to your Software Source menu and enable the copyright - restricted sources to install the necessary MP3 plug-ins , but once you do , buying and downloading music from Ubuntu
One is very painless , based on a test purchase of some Jimi Hendrix tracks .
Advertisement
If you 're a Linux user who wants to check it out , but are n't ready to make a 10.04 upgrade yet , you can give 10.04 and the music store an easy go with automatic virtual machines through TestDrive .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
UbuntuOne / MusicStore [ Ubuntu Wiki via gHacks ]
If your a Chile Pepper Magazine subscriber , then you saw this recipe on pg. 78 of the October 2005 edition .
If your a long time reader of HSB , you ’ll remeber the Cayenne Peanut Butter Cookies I made a while back which were a success by all accounts .
So since I made the Cayenne PB cookies I ’ve been looking around for another spicy cookie recipe that might be worth a shot .
So when I happened upon this recipe which uses Whiskey , Habanero and White Chocolate , I was sold on it immediately .
Oatmeal White Chocolate - Chunk Cookies with Spicy Spiked Cranberries
Chile Pepper ’s Version of the Cookies
1 cup dried cranberries6 tablespoons whiskey 1 teaspoon habanero chile powder2 cups flour1 teaspoon baking powder1 / 2 teaspoon baking soda1 / 2 teaspoon salt1 cup ( 2 sticks ) butter , slighty softened 1 / 2 cup vegetable shortening1 cup brown sugar1 / 4 cup sugar1 egg3 tablespoons light corn syrup2 cups white chocolate chunks3 cups old - fashioned rolled oats
Place the cranberries , whiskey and chile powder in a small saucepan and bring to a boil .
Remove from heat , cover , and allow to sit for at least 20 minutes or until the cranberries have absorbed most of the liquid .
Set cranberries aside .
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees .
Prepare several baking sheets with cooking spray or butter .
Mix the flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside .
Use a mixer to beat the butter , shortening and both sugars on medium speed for 2 minutes .
Add the egg and corn syrup and beat until fluffy .
Beat in the flour mixture a little bit at a time .
Stir in the oats , cranberries and chocolate .
Refrigerate the batter for at least 10 minutes .
Drop the dough in tablespoon sized balls onto the baking sheets , spaced about 3 inches apart .
Flatten each ball slightly with the back of a spoon .
Bake the cookies , one sheet at time , for about 12 minutes or until the edges are golden .
Transfer the cookies to a cooling rack , and allow to cool for 15 minutes .
Serve or store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks .
White Chocolate Chip Spicy Cookies ala Nick
Instead of Habanero Chile Powder I used Chipotle Powder which gave the cranberries a bit more body , but not a lot of heat .
Also , make sure the saucepan you use is small – using a regular sized one does n’t allow the cranberries to absorb as much whiskey .
I also could n’t find white chocolate chunks so I had to settle for white chocolate chips .
Worked just fine .
Cookies tasted very good , the wife really enjoyed them – although I would like a rematch to fine tune it a bit more .
Plus I would like to try it out with habanero powder as well .
Other then that , I really enjoyed them – great with morning coffee .
Not hot by any standards , but the chipotle powder toned down the sweetness of the cookie overall and the whiskey added just a bit of a punch to each bite .
Overall : 3.5 out of 5 stars
Cherish this moment in time , wo n't you ?
Because this should better be the last time in a while where the Islanders miss the playoffs without it being at least a marginal disappointment for most fans .
( I know fan opinion is varied , but gimme a break here , I 'm trying to really capture the spirit of the thing . )
That 's not to say missing the postseason in 2010 - 11 is n't quite possible ( and even quite likely , given how tight the OTL - era playoff races always are ) .
But this April should be -- considering where the Isles are in the rebuild and where my mind was before the season -- the last time the more guarded among us are 100 % comfortable with the Islanders falling short .
Today we can take solace in the little pitter - patter of baby steps in the form of three very good players 21 and under , or perhaps five 25 and under .
We can see things moving upward .
We can see solid reasons for hope ( on the ice , anyway ) without feeling like something was wasted this season .
Contrast that with fans of other teams who walked into this season either holding or being told to hold higher expectations of their squads right now .
The Flyers after the Chris Pronger trade .
The Rangers after essentially subtracting Scott Gomez for Marian Gaborik -- and essentially wasting a healthy year of Gaborik .
The Bruins after a strong year fell two rounds too short last season .
Even the Lightning after adding Victor Hedman to a nucleus that included Vincent Lecavalier , Martin St. Louis and a breakout Steven Stamkos .
And that 's just a glance at the East .
In the West you had Calgary which expected to contend with the addition of JayBo , Dallas which had ideas of returning to the playoffs , Anaheim which knocked off San Jose last spring and added Saku to help the Finnish Flash once more , Columbus with the implication they would build on last year 's first - round sweep , and St. Louis who created what I thought were premature expectations with a miracle second - half run last season .
Whether they bought the expectations or not , fans of those teams all have some funk to deal with .
For those that miss the playoffs , it 's a bit of a mercy kill by now -- an alternative to an 8th seed execution , playoff ticket money redirected toward food and gas .
For those that limp in like ( presumably ) the Flyers , it 's with resignation .
For our buddies the Rangers , it 's with a boiling feeling of disgust at another year steered without a plan .
For the Lightning , it's what was a playoff seed a month ago plummeting under an infighting unproven GM - coach tandem , and squandering another year of Lecavalier and St. Louis ' prime .
Depending on how you consume your sports , you might deem lower expectations as pathetic .
That 's your right .
I 'm not practicing dime - store psychology or kool - aid advocacy here .
But knowing where I 've been as an Isles fan , I 'll take the current plan and modest progress -- with reason for hope -- over the maddening aimlessness that came before it .
For today , that 's enough for contentment : I can look at a third straight playoffs without the Islanders and feel lament , but hardly devastation .
I can look at other teams and find solace in lacking their angst .
I can digest this playoff miss without taking the knives out -- not yet .
But I know it wo n't always be this way .
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla .
On the cusp of summer in 2004 , more than a year into his latest tour as a Christian pop star , Ray Boltz took a break for what was supposed to be a family vacation .
All through the previous months , plying the country with two semi-trailers and a dozen musicians and crew members , playing hits like “ Thank You ” and “ The Anchor Holds , ” Mr. Boltz had felt something unbearable , something paralyzing .
Carol Boltz , his wife of 30 years and his best friend , sensed the isolation and yet could not reckon its cause .
The life Ray was leading , after all , was the life they had set out on together way back when he was a teenager with a guitar at a Christian coffeehouse near their Indiana hometown .
That life had brought awards , gold records , a comfortable home for their four children .
So she gathered herself and asked him what was wrong .
“ If I tell you about certain things I ’m going through , ” he told her , as she recalled in a recent interview , “ you wo n’t love me anymore . ”
She told him nothing could change her love .
But then she asked something else .
Was Ray thinking of hurting himself ?
Yes , he answered , he thought about it every day .
A few weeks ago in a candidates ' debate for the South Carolina governor 's race ( to replace the disgraced Mark Sanford ) , Tea Party favorite and Sarah Palin endorsee Nikki Haley was asked the following question :
Mark Sanford , John Edwards , Bill Clinton , all men who have cheated on their wives while in power .
When faced with opportunities and temptations that come with power , how do you stay true to your family , your faith , and your values ?
Haley 's answer :
You know , I think the answer is you keep the Lord , you keep your family and you keep your friends very close .
And you always remember that you have to stay as humble as possible , and understand that service is just that -- it is service .
And you are being held to a higher standard , and so you have much more service that you have to give .
And you 're a role model to everybody that follows you .
Ah , nothing like the smell of schadenfreude on a Monday morning :
A political blogger and former aide to Gov. Mark Sanford claims to have had a past romantic relationship with Republican gubernatorial candidate Nikki Haley .
Haley , who is married and has two children , " emphatically " denied the claim Monday morning .
" Several years ago , prior to my marriage , I had an inappropriate physical relationship with Nikki , " Will Folks announced Monday morning on his political blog , FITSNews .
Folks said political opponents of Haley and himself were leaking evidence of the affair to the press , and claimed the story would 've come out this week no matter what .
" I will not be discussing the details of that relationship , nor will I be granting any additional interviews about it to members of the media beyond what I have already been compelled to confirm , " Folks continued .
The blogger did not say when the alleged relationship took place or whether Haley was married at the time , and gave no proof of an affair .
Of course , Haley vehemently denies it :
I have been 100 % faithful to my husband throughout our 13 years of marriage .
This claim against me is categorically and totally false .
It is sad , but not surprising , that this disgraceful smear has taken form less than a week removed from the release of a poll showing our campaign with a significant lead .
It is quite simply South Carolina politics at its worst .
The denial , naturally , is good enough for everyone on the right , like NRO 's Jim Geraghty , who take it at face value .
And Palin herself goes even further , and offers her usual " stay strong " advice to Haley -- that is , she oughta make like Sarah and use it as an opportunity for martyrdom :
Well , whaddya know ?
South Carolina ’s conservative candidate , Nikki Haley , recently zipped to the front of the line in her state ’s race for governor ; and lo and behold , now accusations of an affair surface .
Nikki categorically denies the accusation that was spewed out there by a political blogger who has the gall to throw the stone , but then quickly duck and hide and proclaim he would not comment further on the issue .
Quite convenient .
When Nikki and I held her endorsement rally on the steps of the beautiful and historic South Carolina state house last month , I warned her and her family that she would be targeted because she ’s a threat to a corrupt political machine , and she would be put through some hell .
That , unfortunately , is the nature of the beast in politics today – especially for conservative “ underdog ” candidates who surge in the polls and threaten to shake things up so government can be put back on the side of the people .
South Carolina : do n’t let some blogger make any accusation against your Nikki if the guy does n’t even have the guts or the integrity to speak further on such a significant claim .
And do n’t believe anything a liberal rag claims or suggests unless the reporter involved has the integrity and the facts to report to you so you can make up your own mind .
For traditional media to rely on an accusation via some blog entry is almost laughable , but I know the seriousness of it because that ’s exactly what my family and colleagues have had to put up with , every single day , for the past couple of years .
As I said to Nikki this morning , “ Hang in there .
I ’ve been there .
Any lies told about you will strengthen your resolve to clean up political and media corruption .
You and your supporters will grow stronger through things like this . ”
Problem is , though , that her accuser was actually one of her biggest blogospheric fanboys , and he made clear that he was only going public with the story because others were about to .
Indeed , according to WIS -TV :
The Columbia Free Times has " been investigating a story involving an alleged affair between Haley and Folks for several weeks , " and on Monday cited an unnamed source who claimed Folks privately admitted the affair in 2009 .
" Furthermore , the source ... says former Haley staffer B.J. Boling told him Haley had confided in him about the affair around the time Boling was working on her House reelection campaign in 2008 , " the Free Times reported .
Stay tuned .
Pop some popcorn .
This should be amusing .
MITTENS : Justin is on the road this week presenting at a conference , and David is sipping Mojitos while catching up on missed seasons of Babylon 5 .
So they 've asked me to take over the strip for this week .
Luckily some Gideons were passing by on campus and I snagged a leaflet they were passing out for Easter .
I filled in the parts the leaflet missed .
JESUS : A rose by any other name , would be more work for Dad to do .
We 'll keep calling you a rose .
JUDAS : Hey Jesus , I 've got something I need to talk to you about .
I 'm a little uncomfortable about it .
JESUS : Thou needest not worry for any matter .
JUDAS : Yeah , for this conversation could we talk NIV ?
JESUS : Okay , shoot .
JUDAS : Well , you see , I sort of got offered another job .
With more money .
THOMAS : I doubt it .
JESUS : How much ?
JUDAS : Thirty pieces of silver .
JESUS : Oh , wow .
Things are tight right now .
I could n't go a piece over twenty .
Is that a deal breaker ?
JUDAS : That sounds fine .
I 'll ... just go let them know .
Be right back .
JESUS : Like he was ever going to leave , that kidder .
That guy kills me !
News
2019 Additions Torrent now available
Sunday 12th January 2020
A bit more timely than last year , a torrent of all of the additions since the 2018 snapshot has ......
Read full post
2018 Additions Torrent now available
Sunday 14th July 2019
A torrent of all of the additions since the 2017 snapshot has been generously generated by janto ......
Read full post
Wherever and however you are reading this , welcome .
It might be that you are , like me , the kind of early adopting sillyhead who has already got their hands on an iPad and , having naturally rushed to download FryPaper the App , is now reading this on your new slidey - smooth device .
Perhaps you have an Android or iPhone and are making use of WordPress ’s rather superior on - the - fly mobile formatting .
It may be that you are quite happily reading these words the traditional way on the www.stephenfry.com website .
You may be one of a large - ish chorus who wishes I would stop being so lazy and prevaricating and return to the habit of recording blessays and blogs in the form of a podgram as I used to do in the good old days .
© Tony Husband 2010 for Stephenfry.com
Let us suppose for a minute that you have an iPad on your lap , perched oddly on your splayed out knee , laid flat on the table , fashioned into a lectern by the Apple suedette case , cradled in your arms above your head in bed or in any of the other peculiar contortions that you will find your body adopting in order best to read and interact with your new friend .
You may , rightly , think that this FryPaper app is rather simple and unexciting .
Indeed it is .
There are the device , the content and you and we are not very interested in clouding the interaction between the three .
We might add this bell or that whistle from time to time and as occasion and opportunity might suggest , but for the moment we are happy to offer this as no more than a little something .
If the mood strikes me to blog , microblog or blessay the app can suck that content from the site and let you know that it has done so and you can read it in an iPaddy sort of way .
That is all there is to it .
But there is a much stronger chance that you do not own an iPad and that you are waiting to see what the fuss is about or waiting for iPad 2.0 or even 3.0 .
There is a chance too that you are an Apple sceptic or even Apple hater who thinks those of us who have one are dumb lemmings , mindless style slaves , pretentious boobies , suckers , poseurs and losers .
Over the last few years and with a growing intensity more or less mappable onto a graph of Apple ’s seemingly relentless march into greater profitability and share value , a new kind of depth of feeling has entered the tech world and I thought that on the day the iPad comes out I might as well look at this whole problem of Apple , trolling , flaming and the nastier side of Web 2.0 .
The tribalism , fanaticism , fury , joy and intensity of hatred , veneration , anger , love and contempt with which Apple and its products are regarded by some must , for those who are on neither side of the sectarian divide themselves , pass all understanding .
I have rarely wavered in my excitement and delight but naturally I believe my responses to be reasoned , reasonable and this side of sane .
Well , I would would n’t I ?
Nobody in any realm introduces themselves as an extremist .
It is only their opponents who are extremists .
Some Apple devices are better than others , but I confess I am nearly always childlike in my thrilled and squeaking pleasure when the latest object of desire chugs off the Cupertino conveyor belt .
What Willie Wonka was to Charlie , Steve Jobs is to me .
I am pretty excited to see the latest HTC and Blackberry devices too .
You would have to be very peculiar if you claimed that there was an absolutely equality in design and finish to all the gismos that come from all the manufacturers , it is of course perfectly okay not to be nuts about Apple and to choose another path to digital felicity .
I would be the first to say that biodiversity is better than monoculture in the unnatural smartphone and computer world just as it is in the natural animal and plant world .
I ought at this juncture explain what my professional relationship with Apple is .
I have often been told that I am a “ spokesman ” for the company and it is assumed by a few that I am on a retainer of some kind .
I own no Apple shares and have never accepted ( or indeed been offered ) a penny by the company or their representatives .
I have attended the odd launch at their invitation , but they have never paid my travel expenses , nor would I want them to .
On the other hand they have given me gear .
My friend Jony Ive , Apple ’s chief designer , likes me to have the newest products to play with and through him I am lucky enough to get early versions of all kinds of devices .
On the other other hand , the nice people at HTC have also given me prototypes and hot - off - the - press versions of almost all their WindowsMobile and Android smartphones too .
I have sat and chatted to their Chief Marketing Director John Wang , a man I greatly like and admire and he has made sure that I have a full range of his superbly put together devices to use and evaluate .
The wonderfully kind BlackBerry chaps from RIM have also done the same for me — giving me a new Bold , a new Storm and much else besides .
I am a very lucky fellow indeed to get all these devices but I do n’t tell you all this in order to elicit envy , admiration or wrath .
I tell you simply so that you get a picture .
Being a tech blogger , a figure who is known to be excited by smartphones and digital devices of all kinds I am sent lots of toys to play with for review and personal use .
A small minority of it is in fact Apple , but nonetheless those who like to believe in agendas , conspiracies , graft and corruption will continue to imagine that I have a vested interest in Apple .
The anti-Apple lobby sees that kind of thing everywhere .
The BBC , god bless them in their paranoia , fear and writhing self - conscious insecurity , are hard put sometimes ever even to mention the company , knowing all too well that there will be those accusing them of being unpaid PR operatives for Cupertino , disgraceful lackeys and running dogs spending MY LICENCE FEE on the furtherance of Steve Jobs ’s evil plans .
And on and on it goes .
The causes that lead some to hate everything Apple are complicated and various , but they are certainly not rational .
Hate never is .
Nor indeed is love .
We are dealing with emotions here , not thoughts .
Apple divides people in tribal , primal and almost frightening ways .
Not all people , of course , indeed only a tiny , tiny minority of people , but they ( we ) are the ones who take up most of the bandwidth in the tech blogosphere and make the most noise and fill up Twitter and Facebook and other forums with our polemical deliberations and bellicose disquisitions .
Although it is a minority who are so riven , it is a significant and loud one .
I do not think you find such divisions and disputation in many other areas of human life , except religion , politics and sport of course .
Some people prefer Ford cars to Honda say , or Parker to Waterman pens , or Sony TVs to Samsungs or Colonel Sanders to Ronald McDonald or Beethoven to Mozart but you do n’t find online ideological wars or virulent tradings of insults on the subject .
Apple haters cannot wait to tell you how underwhelmed , how ( exaggerated yawning gesture ) bored they are by the hype , what suckers , what sheep what idiots we are for even discussing the iPad .
They know perfectly well how much better the HP Slate is , or the JooJoo or the Notion Ink Adam or any number of Android or Windows 7 netbooks , smartbooks and tablets .
Only a susceptible ignoramus would rave about a ‘ slick ’ ( what an insult ) over - designed ( d’uh ? ) iCon ( hoho ) like the Apple iPad .
I exaggerate .
Of course I do .
A little .
Only a little .
Most people , as I have already said , are on neither side of a Swiftian civil war between LittleEndian Applistas and BigEndian Anti-Applistas .
There are plenty of people who are more measured and reasonable in their scepticism about Apple , it is not my mission to characterise everyone on each side as a fundamentalist .
But you know there really is fury out there .
Absolute fury .
Otherwise funny and sane people like Charlie Brooker have taken up anti-Apple stances as a matter of style .
‘ People who like Apple are pretentious and style conscious , so I will never ever have one , ’ the argument goes , if I can call it an argument , and obviously I can’t , because it is n’t an argument it ’s just a dumb and slightly mad assertion .
After all , how style conscious do you have to be to refuse to be seen dead in anything so fashionable .
Huh ?
I mean huh ?
Advertisement
The fact that I will have turned off my website ’s comments facility or moderated it into effective silence is even now driving some of my readers ( a tiny minority I ’m happy to think ) insane .
They are dreaming up insults about me and the iPad and dripping with cunning clever remarks to show what a fool , what a pretentious idiot , what a preening , posturing pseud of a lame waste of skin I am to champion Apple and their controlling commercial ways , their over - proprietary software , firmware and hardware and their whole corporate style .
How dare I not let them flame me off the planet with their bile and spleen and choler and other medieval bodily fluids ?
It is their right and their need not just to disagree with me but to grab me by the scruff of the neck and push me face down in their prose until I squeal for mercy and admit that the iPad is a failure and a disgrace , that I am a fool and a nothing for falling for it and they are supreme and knowing and right , dammit , and why wo n’t anyone listen ???
The desire to wag a finger , to take me down a peg and above all to show a superior understanding of Steve Jobs ’s motives , Apple ’s deficiencies and my shortcomings , hypocrisy and smug stupidity must be overwhelming , but you will have to forgive me for suggesting that you do all that on your own site , not on mine .
I do n’t know about you , but my eyes are already trained only to read the top half of a web page these days .
Rather as a Victorian would not look below the waist , I do not let my eyes have even a second ’s contact with the revolting Have Your Say or Comments section of a BBC site , a YouTube page or any blog or tech forum .
The lower half of web pages is very like the lower half of the body — full of all kinds of noxious evil smelling poison .
I suppose it has to be expelled somewhere , but you will forgive me for not wanting to be close by when it happens .
It is a pity , a real pity , that the furious few pollute the atmosphere and obstruct the pipelines that might otherwise allow the reciprocal possibilities of the world of User Generated Content that Web 2.0 promised all those years ago .
Lord knows I do n’t want the comment sections on my site to be filled with nothing but sycophantic agreement and loving worship .
The truth is I would like them to be open , honest and free .
There are thousands of people with valid and interesting points of disagreement with me on any number of subjects , with objections to Apple , their corporate style , their approach to hardware , firmware and software and their whole philosophy , but they are drowned out by the fundies and the freaks .
One hurtful , mean - spirited , vicious or intemperate comment ruins everything .
Absolutely everything .
One turd spoils the whole bath .
You can not say to someone about to lower themselves in , ‘ Do n’t be a wimp , it ’s only a small turd , the rest of the water is crystal clear . ’
So I would rather have no comment at all .
Call me weak , call me pusillanimous , call me craven , call me anything , only do n’t do it here .
Mike Tyson Has Gone Vegan , We Repeat , Mike Tyson Has Gone Vegan
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
I never thought I ’d write these words , but : Mike Tyson has gone vegan !
You heard correctly , the fighter who ’s notorious for biting off a piece of Holyfield ’s ear has given up animal protein altogether .
According to USAToday.com :
“ Tyson is starring in a reality TV series on Animal Planet in which he races pigeons .
He says he ’s become a vegan and has “ no drama ” in his life right now , which he concedes is an odd feeling for an athlete notorious for his brushes with the law . ”
Earlier this year , Ecorazzi told you about Tyson ’s new Animal Planet show and his love of pigeons .
“ I ’m honored to be a part of this monumental show on Animal Planet , ” says Tyson , who ’s first ever fight as a child was in defense of his birds .
“ I feel a great pride acting as an official representative for all the pigeon fancier ’s out there .
I want people to see why we love these birds .
It feels good returning to the rooftops of the city where it all started for me – New York . ”
We ’re not so sure how we feel about racing pigeons , but vegan … VEGAN ?!
That ’s pretty darn huge !
What do you think of Tyson ’s new planet - pleasing diet ?
Chime in and share your thoughts !
Oxford - Astra COVID vaccine review to start in Europe
European regulators are set to start an accelerated review of a Covid - 19 vaccine front - runner from the University of Oxford and AstraZeneca Plc , according to a person with knowledge of the situation , in a sign the shot could be the first to seek approval in the region .
One of the more peculiar phenomena in the current Great Recession has been the persistent drop in the Civilian Labor Force Participation Rate , after averaging around 66.5 % for the past 20 years , in the past 18 months it has plunged , and despite a marginal improvement over the past several months , is still at 65.2 % .
This is counterintuitive when one analyzes the data side by side with the overall civilian population in the United States .
An indexed chart , using the January 2000 level as a baseline demonstrates that while the US population has been climbing at a fairly steady arithmetic growth rate , the civilian labor force , which should track the changes in the actual population , has been behaving in an erratic pattern , having more to do with BLS data interpretation and the nuances of the business cycle than demographics .
Which is why when reindexing data for nominal changes in the US rate of population growth , yields some troubling variations from the just disclosed 9.9 % unemployment rate .
Basing the adjustment to the unemployment rate on nothing but a statistical regression to the growth of America over the past ten years , would yield an unemployment rate of 12.7 % .
More troubling is that the underemployment rate would be a number far higher than the 17.1 % disclosed for April .
According to our calculations , a reading closer to 22 % would be more appropriate to represent the level of real joblessness in the US .
A number , which is higher than the corresponding metric in austerity - ridden Spain .
First , we demonstrate the labor force participation rate .
The most recent disclosed reading of 65.2 % is materially different from the 20 year average of 66.4 % .
Of course , the US population is n't static .
It grows constantly , and according to the BLS , the Civilian Noninstitutional Population has increased from 211.4 million in January 2000 , to 237.3 million in April 2010 .
This is a 12.3 % change , which is nearly 50 % compared to the change in the Civilian Labor Force , which has increased from 142.2 million to 154.7 million , or an 8.7 % change .
Showing this graphically yields the following chart : an indexed comparison of these two very interlinked series demonstrates that while the civilian population has grown in a pretty much straight line , the same can not be said for the Civilian Labor force .
Of course , for the US economy to be able to sustain the influx in the population without forming any surplus aberrations , these two lines have to be matched as close together as possible .
To be sure , one can make the argument that as society has gotten more efficient , the need for the labor force has declined .
The problem with that is that there is an increasingly larger buffer of perpetually unemployed people who will be a drag on the social safety net of America , where there is no free lunch , even in the massive field of government spending .
Alternatively , many of these people work in the shadow economy where they pay exactly zero taxes .
Using the above data , and knowing the indexed differential between where the labor force probably is based on the growth of the US population , and what the BLS would like us to believe the Labor Force Participation rate is ( as low as possible to keep the actual unemployment number as low as possible as well ) , we can determine that the real unemployment rate , using an expanded Labor Force , and thus a larger pool of unemployed people , yields an unemployment rate ( U - 3 ) of 12.7 % .
This is about 28.6 % larger than the officially reported 9.9 % .
And where the discrepancy gets really scary , is when the U - 6 underemployment or " real " unemployment rate is comparably reindexed .
Instead of the reported 17.1 % , we obtain a number that would put even double - dip Spain to shame .
Real " real " unemployment is 22 % of the civilian labor force , or a whopping 34 million people who are " unemployed , marginally attached , plus total employed part time for economic reasons . "
This excludes the roughly 80 million people who are not part of the labor force to begin with .
One last parting thought , or as the case may be , chart , is the distribution by weekly duration of unemployment buckets within the unemployed universe .
As the chart below shows , out of the 15.3 million unemployed ( U - 3 definition ) , the average duration of unemployment has shot up to 33 weeks .
The number of people who are unemployed for 27 weeks or more has hit a stunning 45.9 % .
At this rate , more than half of the unemployed pool will have been out of a job for more than half a year in a month or two .
The skills that these workers lose due to inactivity is massive , and represents a tremendous hit to total US productivity .
And , unfortunately , as the chart below shows , there are no signs that any moderation for the ever - increasing length of average unemployment is anywhere in sight .
The reason why unemployment is and will be the scourge of the propaganda machine , is that while banks may provide mortgages to individuals with below average incomes and other potential black marks , this time around , having a job will be necessary .
If we are right , and if indeed almost 30 - some million people have at best recourse to the occasional temp worker paycheck , this will wreak havoc with the first derivative for the US " tail wags dog " economy where housing , and untenable and enslaving housing debt more specifically , is the critical support pillar of the ponzi scheme .
Without an improvement in unemployment metrics , there can be no general economic , or sustainable market , improvement , period .
Ghost of ' Total Information Awareness ' Editor ’s Note : Total Information Awareness was a scheme devised in the months after 9/11 that would have allowed the U.S. government to collect and analyze the electronic footprints left behind by everyone in their daily lives , supposedly to ascertain who might be a terrorist .
After TIA ’s ambitious plan was exposed , Democrats in Congress blocked its funding .
However , as former FBI agent Coleen Rowley notes in this guest essay , TIA has simply morphed into different forms , continuing to hover over the United States as a specter of potential high - tech fascism :
Since we all tend to reflexively cringe whenever someone mentions the ideological “ F ” topic , I ’m going to try and minimize some of the natural revulsion and denial by writing the full word that we usually fear to name only once : fascism .
Email
Printer friendly
The very easy answer to why and how " F " is presently developing was actually answered in 1795 by “ the Father of the U.S. Constitution ” and our fourth president , James Madison , who observed : “ Of all the enemies to public liberty war is , perhaps , the most to be dreaded , because it comprises and develops the germ of every other .
War is the parent of armies ; from these proceed debts and taxes ; and armies , and debts , and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few .
“ In war , too , the discretionary power of the Executive is extended ; its influence in dealing out offices , honors , and emoluments is multiplied ; and all the means of seducing the minds are added to those of subduing the force of the people .
“ The same malignant aspect in republicanism may be traced in the inequality of fortunes , and the opportunities of fraud , growing out of a state of war , and in the degeneracy of manners and of morals engendered by both .
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare . ”
In the ninth year of what ’s become the seemingly unending “ war on terror ” ( comprising real wars on Afghanistan , Iraq and other Middle East countries ) , we American citizens have consequently given up numerous liberties in the vain pursuit of absolute security , validating the prediction of another founding father , Benjamin Franklin , that those who attempt to trade their liberty for greater security will have neither .
Hard - core repressive police state tactics involving domestic use of the military have only occasionally emerged , however — for instance , during certain National Security Special Events .
F - grade repression is not close to being a fact of daily life ( yet ) .
How , then , has the government been able to keep the momentum going for hugely expensive and unpopular wars that have pushed the country into a permanent war economy — where much of our only remaining manufacturing resides in military bombs / weaponry and a large segment of the decent - paying jobs exists in the “ all - volunteer ” military ?
How has the growing disparity between the masses of ordinary people losing their jobs , pensions , health care and homes – and the clear ties to corruption of government by moneyed special and corporate interests – not yet led to serious social unrest ?
To be sure , our large - scale system of prison warehousing always plays a role in tamping down social unrest .
And a little official intimidation goes a long way .
It ’s slowly being ramped up .
For instance , the small fines customarily imposed for minor offenses of improperly posting flyers about upcoming rallies have now become draconian penalties amounting to thousands of dollars .
Peace activists who simply lie down on the sidewalk in front of the White House are being thrown in the terrible “ D. C. lockup ” for a day or more .
“ Minnesota Patriot Act ” law , passed after 9/11 , now defines causing minor property damage as an act of “ terrorism . ”
We experienced a form of police state intimidation firsthand in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul when vague threats of “ anarchism ” were leaked to the press months before the 2008 Republican National Convention .
A show of force by anonymous “ robo - cops ” ensued and , unsurprisingly , their threatened use of tasers , chemical weapons and mass arrests materialized .
Mass arrests of approximately 800 people at the RNC , including those of over 40 journalists ( most of which were later dismissed due to lack of justification ) , took place , but the really bad result ( which most citizens do not know ) was the serious intimidation that had effectively reduced the number of participants marching that first day in St. Paul streets .
The “ Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) ” collection of private data on individuals was originally proposed after 9/11 by Admiral John Poindexter ( convicted in the Iran - Contra affair ) and falsely sold as a solution to prevent terrorism .
Despite the lack of any evidence that TIA type programs “ work ” and are capable of effectively identifying actual terrorists through the vacuuming up of more data , they have taken root in the 16 different “ intelligence ” agencies .
Just as Blackwater attempted to shed its bad image through a name change , so did TIA .
Each newly minted acronym ( which I do not have the space here to list ) makes a false promise similar to the NIMD ( “ Novel Intelligence from Massive Data ” ) one that allows billions more records to be collected , stored , and “ data - mined . ”
The NSA , for example , is reportedly building a new computer system the size of the National Capitol Building which will require more electricity than what Salt Lake City uses for everything just for the NSA to store its records .
Much of the data probably emanate from the NSA ’s warrantless monitoring program that Congress recently legalized after the monitoring was illegally commenced by Bush .
Previous Attorney General Guidelines , which were enacted in the early 1980s after the Church Committee exposed abuses ( such as J. Edgar Hoover ’s COINTELPRO ) , have largely been unceremoniously discarded to open the doors further .
Although it ’s well known that the task of finding a needle in a haystack or “ connecting the dots ” is not made easier , but instead much harder , by adding more hay to the haystack , it has not stopped the newly burgeoning “ Security - Surveillance Industrial Complex , ” which is as privatized as the military - industrial complex .
In 2007 , the FBI temporarily raised some eyebrows when it proposed quadrupling its Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment ( TIDE ) database to ultimately collect 6 billion records , or 20 for each man , woman , and child in the U.S. While a National Academies of Science study had refuted Total Information Awareness ’s ability to achieve its stated objective to “ proactively ” mine the data to find terrorists using “ predictive ” analysis , nothing seems to stop such collections from proceeding .
Private security and surveillance corporations have huge profit incentives to push to expand such programs , as they benefit from contracts with the government .
The average citizen does not suspect , however , that the government would waste such vast sums of his / her tax money on useless surveillance and data collection - mining systems to profit private companies .
So the U.S. government intelligence agencies ’ massive “ intelligence ” collection serves to fuel and reinforce people ’s fears of “ terrorism , ” as well as intimidate and scare the average citizen away from such basic good citizenship activities as marching , writing letters to the editor , blogging , joining activist or social networking groups ( such as Facebook ) , or otherwise exercising their First Amendment rights .
Airport screening that increasingly includes equipment that effectively removes passengers ’ clothing has another pernicious impact .
Reducing someone to a naked state and removing all semblance of personal privacy is actually one of the permissible “ harsh interrogation tactics ” touted by Cheney and his ilk as effective in “ breaking ” a suspect .
Similarly , it is perhaps one of the most effective ways of demonstrating the absolute power of the state over an individual .
Forcing individuals to remove their shoes is one thing , but forcing them to essentially become totally naked on a regular basis will not only destroy self - esteem but immediately create feelings of helplessness and powerlessness .
The current government intrusiveness in the name of the “ war on terror ” threatens much more than mere loss of individual privacy .
Everyone should be able to learn from history — specifically , the five decade - long , Cold War - induced period in America when the zealot F.B.I. director , J. Edgar Hoover , conducted guilt - by - association spying and disrupted First Amendment activities with COINTELPRO .
Hoover ’s immense power over other government and nongovernment leaders ( especially those he did n’t like ) was based on his collection of vast amounts of private information about them and his consequent ability to blackmail them by threatening to expose their information and secrets .
Think about the daily exposés one reads involving sexual scandals , for instance , of elected government politicians caught routinely in bathrooms and brothels , and you might grasp the dangerous potential of this intrusive spying to thwart our democratic processes .
Up to now , the five main buttons that propagandists push to control and manipulate larger masses of people have worked quite well .
Those in power have not had to resort much to the harsher forms of official repression .
Pushing fear , hate , greed , false pride and blind loyalty , actually in that order and on an almost 24/ 7 basis , has worked very well thus far : not only has it brought out the worst in some people , but it has also tamped down displays of dissent and social unrest .
But yes , Virginia , I do believe our young corporatocracy boat is sailing right into the perfect category F storm unless we , as a country , can quickly change course .
Instead of allowing the propaganda tools to manipulate and bring out the worst in our citizens , we need to immediately encourage and strengthen the opposite traits : courage , love , generosity , humility and critical thinking .
We will need all of these to cut through the mass apathy , desensitization and political gaming that has currently put our country on the F course .
Coleen Rowley is a former FBI Agent .
She holds a law degree , and served in Minneapolis as " Chief Division Counsel , " a position which included oversight of Freedom of Information , as well as providing regular legal and ethics training to FBI Agents .
In 2002 , Coleen brought some of the pre 9/11 lapses to light and testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee about some of the endemic problems facing the FBI and the intelligence community .
Rowley 's memo to FBI Director Robert Mueller in connection with the Joint Intelligence Committee 's Inquiry led to a two - year - long Department of Justice Inspector General investigation .
Today , as a private citizen , she is active in civil liberties , and peace and justice issues .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
To paraphrase Oscar Wilde :
One deadly explosion while extracting fossil fuels may be regarded as a misfortune , but two within a month looks like carelessness .
That ’s the problem lawmakers are wrestling with amid hearings and federal investigations of the Upper Big Branch mine blast in West Virginia and the BP oil rig collapse in the Gulf of Mexico .
We ’re pleased to see that the reactive machinery is functioning , and confident that it will result in regulations to better protect miners and oil workers .
But we ca n’t help thinking that our representatives are missing the signs of a far more destructive crisis in the making .
Coal and oil have more in common than a tendency to produce explosions when mistakes are made in the extraction process .
Together , they account for the main reason the Earth ’s climate is gradually changing .
The deaths of 29 mine workers and 11 oil workers were tragic , and the economic consequences of the oil spill to the gulf ’s fishing and tourism industries could be devastating , but they ’re dwarfed by the deaths and financial losses that will come with global warming .
Climate change is a little like weight loss :
When you ’re on a diet , it ’s hard to see the fat melting away day to day , but compare photos of yourself before and after losing 20 pounds and the difference is dramatic .
Our political system functions well when it ’s reacting to a discrete disaster such as a mine explosion , but a slow - motion catastrophe such as climate change does n’t spur the same outrage because most people do n’t see it happening until long after the damage is done .
Thus , we ’re a little bemused by the conversion of Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , a former advocate of offshore oil drilling who has now changed his mind .
Unmentioned by Crist or other Sunshine State politicians is that , even as Floridians fret about tar balls from the gulf spill showing up on their pristine white - sand beaches , those same beaches are going to vanish within half a century ( along with much of Miami ) under the worst - case scenarios presented by climate modelers .
But voters can see tar balls ; erosion is tougher to spot .
Congress and the Obama administration are wasting no time investigating the mining and drilling disasters .
Meanwhile , a comprehensive climate bill is hopelessly stalled in the Senate , and its prospects of approval in an election year are dim .
It ’s no more likely to progress in 2011 either , because the Democratic majority is expected to shrink .
Lawmakers today are n’t seeing the forest for the trees ; that will change when the forest has burned or been destroyed by bark beetles , but by then it will be too late .
Libdems are organising flashmobs across the UK today , with the main one planned for Trafalgar Square at 3:05 pm .
The plan :
15:00 – Wear yellow , but cover it .
Arrive at the square .
15:05 – One person will shout “ I agree with Nick ! ” REALLY LOUD and tear off their jacket to reveal their yellow clothing .
Another person will join in .
And another and another , until we are all chanting “ I agree with Nick ! ”
Balloons will be handed out for you to blow up afterwards and stickers should be available .
15:25 – Crowd disperses , taking any litter with it so as not to give the tabloids something to moan about .
( 100 yellow balloons and 500 Lib Dem stickers currently on order – feel free to bring your own yellow paraphernalia ! )
The narrative from Israel has been almost comically predictable , as has the extent to which that narrative has been accepted by news organisations .
In the week leading up to the mission Israeli officials repeatedly threatened the ships , with the Foreign Minister going so far as to label the unarmed humanitarian voyage a " violent " threat .
The flotilla was smeared as " pro-Hamas " and condemned for refusing to deliver a letter to Cpl .
Shalit from his father ( a claim that , while repeated uncritically in the purportedly ‘ liberal ’ Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz , is a " a blatant lie " ) , and its attempts to dock in Gaza were declared an " an infringement of Israel ’s sovereignty " .
Needless to say , this last accusation does not sit well with Israel ’s claim that it does not occupy and has no intention to annex Gaza ( the Israeli human rights NGO Gisha notes , in this vein , that the assault on the Freedom Flotilla " is proof that despite claims to the contrary , Israel never ‘ disengaged ’ from the Gaza Strip but rather continues to control its borders – land , air and sea " ) .
The Israeli navy began harassing the convoy when it was still well over 100 miles from Gaza , deep into international waters .
As the ships drew closer the Israeli military attempted to disrupt their communications ( journalists were reporting from on - board and a live video feed was streaming online ) and began issuing threats .
Finally , Israeli forces attacked , with soldiers descending from helicopters to board the ships .
Initially Israel claimed that no activists were killed .
It then performed an abrupt reversal , familiar to veterans of its clumsy rhetorical acrobatics during the Gaza massacre , reporting that at least 10 people were killed , but claiming that it was the peace activists who " attacked " first ( as one commentator observed : " [ p ] eculiar how Israel is always violently attacked but it 's only the ‘ attackers ’ who die " ) .
Thus news organisations reported that " [ f ] ighting broke out between " ( via ) the activists and the soldiers , as if unarmed peace activists could ever meaningfully " fight " highly - trained , heavily armed members of one of the most sophisticated militaries on the planet .
The BBC went even further , intoning , over footage of what was clearly a direct attack on unarmed civilians , that the Israeli soldiers were attempting to " control passengers " ( via ) .
Eyewitness reports , by contrast , described how Israeli forces started shooting " the moment their feet hit the deck .
They shot civilians asleep " .
" This was not a confrontation " , they report , " [t ] his was a massacre " .
An al - Jazeera journalist aboard the ship reported that " despite the white flag being raised , the Israeli Army is still shooting , still firing live munitions " .
Why would Israel attack the flotilla ?
It ’s worth recalling what the activists were trying to do .
Since 1991 Israel has kept the Gaza Strip under siege , the intensity of which has varied over time but never to the extent of allowing the residents of Gaza to live something approaching decent , dignified lives .
Following Hamas ’s 2006 election victory and its takeover of Gaza in 2007 , undertaken in response to a US / Israeli - backed coup attempt , the closure was sharply intensified , provoking what human rights organisations described as a " humanitarian implosion " of " unprecedented " scale .
The objectives , which also motivated the Dec ‘ 08 - Jan ‘ 09 Gaza massacre , were clear : to punish Palestinians for voting the ‘ wrong ’ way in the 2006 elections ; to entrench the separation between Gaza and the West Bank ; to isolate Hamas diplomatically and thereby thwart its threatened ‘ peace offensive ’ ( yesterday , in a further blow to Israeli rejectionism , alleged ‘ hardliner ’ Khalid Meshal again affirmed that Hamas is prepared to end violence once Israel " returns to the ‘ 67 borders " ) ; to undermine the ‘ moderates ’ within Hamas at the expense of the ‘ hardliners ’ ; and to turn the population of Gaza into a " humanitarian " as opposed to a " political " problem .
To these ends , Israel , the US and the EU have systematically reduced the 1.5 million residents of Gaza – most of whom are children - to poverty , unemployment and aid dependency .
They have , as one senior official explained , " put the Palestinians on a diet " .
The " diet " has been an extreme one :
since the intensification of the siege in June 2007 , " the formal economy in Gaza has collapsed " .
( More than 80 UN and aid agencies [ .pdf ] )
" 61 % of people in the Gaza Strip are ... food insecure " , of which " 65 % are children under 18 years " .
( UN FAO )
since June 2007 , " the number of Palestine refugees unable to access food and lacking the means to purchase even the most basic items , such as soap , school stationery and safe drinking water , has tripled " .
( UNRWA )
" in February 2009 , the level of anemia in babies ( 9 - 12 months ) was as high as 65.5 % " ( UN FAO )
" water resources in the Gaza Strip are critically insufficient " ( UN FAO )
" the blockade has been a major obstacle to repairing the damage done by Israeli air attacks and destruction .
Nearly none of the 3,425 homes destroyed during Cast Lead have been reconstructed , displacing around 20,000 people .
Only 17.5 % of the value of the damages to educational facilities has been repaired ... [ T ]he infrastructure which remains unrepaired is often that which is most essential to the basic needs and well - being of the Gaza population . "
( UNDP )
The siege of Gaza is explicitly directed against the civilian population .
It has been condemned by nearly every government in the world , and according to UN agencies and human rights organisations it constitutes " collective punishment ... a flagrant violation of international law " ( Amnesty International [ .pdf ] ) , possibly amounting to a " crime against humanity " .
In attempting to deliver aid to Gaza the Freedom Flotilla activists were not merely highlighting the brutality of the siege , they were challenging Israel ’s basic right to dominate and control the occupied territories .
Hence the hysteria from Israel , and hence the attack .
Even so , Israel ’s cavalier disregard for its own , already battered PR image is surprising .
To attack a convoy of unarmed peace activists in international waters , and then to claim that it was the peace activists who committed the aggression , is so manifestly absurd that one wonders whether Israel truly has , as Chomsky recently implied , entered the " irrational " phase .
I would caution against this conclusion .
In the run-up to the voyage Israeli officials showed a keen awareness of the difficult PR situation they were in .
It ’s not that the Israeli government does n’t care about its international image – far from it .
Rather , the most plausible explanation is that , after a cost - benefit analysis , it determined that it would be able to attack the peace activists on the flotilla , take the concomitant day or two of bad media coverage in its stride , muddy the waters as much as possible with PR spin , and then move on without suffering too much damage as a result .
Yousef Munayyer recently observed that ‘ Palestinian non-violence requires global non-silence ’ .
Evidently , the Israeli government took the risk of attacking the flotilla on the presumption that the world would be muted in its response .
It is time to disabuse them of that notion .
Protests have been planned outside Israeli embassies worldwide - including across the US and in Israel - and Stop the War has called an emergency demonstration outside Downing Street today at 2 pm .
Make it if you can .
Update : title changed to reflect new evidence that some of the activists on board appear to have been ' armed ' with metal poles .
This does not , it should be stressed , change anything fundamental about what happened here .
Israeli forces threatened , then aggressively boarded , a humanitarian convoy in international waters , with the express intent of hijacking it , and in the process killed 10 - 20 peace activists and injured dozens more .
To cite resistance by those activists to being hijacked by a hostile military power in international waters to justify their murder is appalling .
Even more so given that they were murdered as part of an effort to maintain a regime of systematic collective punishment of a desperate civilian population .
Andrew Sullivan is worth reading on this point , though I disagree with him about any violence by the activists being necessarily " abhorent " :
" A simple point .
The violence by the activists is pretty abhorrent .
These are not followers of Gandhi or MLK Jr . But the violence is not fatal to anyone and it is in response to a dawn commando raid by armed soldiers .
They are engaging in self - defense .
More to the point : theya r civilians confronting one of the best militaries in the world .
They killed no soldiers ; their weapons were improvised ; the death toll in the fight is now deemed to be up to 19 - all civilians .
It staggers me to read defenses of what the Israelis have done .
They attacked a civilian flotilla in international waters breaking no law .
When they met fierce if asymmetric resistance , they opened fire .
And we are now being asked to regard the Israelis as the victims .
Seriously .
This is like a mini-Gaza all over again .
The Israelis do n't seem to grasp that Western militaries do n't get to murder large numbers of civilians because they do n't like them , or because they could , on a far tinier scale , hurt Israelis .
And you sure do n't have a right to kill them because they resist having their ship commandeered , in international waters .
The Israelis seem to be making decisions as if they can get away with anything .
It 's time the US reminded them in ways they cannot mistake that they cannot . "
See also Glenn Greenwald :
" So , to recap what seems thus far to be the central claim of Israel apologists : Israel is the official Owner of international waters ( which is where the flotilla was when it was attacked ) .
As such , they have the right to issue orders to ships in international waters , and everyone on board those ships is required to obey and submit .
Anyone who fails to do so , or anyone in the vicinity of those who fail to do so , can be shot and killed and get what they deserve .
What 's so odd about that is that the U.S. has been spending a fair amount of time recently condemning exactly such acts as " piracy " and demanding " that those who commit acts of piracy are held accountable for their crimes . "
When exactly did Israel acquire the right not only to rule over Gaza and the West Bank , but international waters as well ?
Their rights as sovereign are expanding faster than the BP oil spill . [...]
Thus , there are at least 10 - 20 dead passengers and 50 - 60 wounded on those ships -- compared to no Israeli fatalities and virtually no wounded -- but it's the passengers , delivering humanitarian aid in international waters when Israel seized their ships , who are the aggressors and were " attacking Israeli sovereignty . "
The only thing worse than this claim is how many apologists for Israel will start parroting it " .
Cross-posted at The Heathlander
The 2010 Business Plan Competition at The Paul Merage School of Business is one of the nation 's premier business plan competitions offering all UC Irvine students , staff and researchers the opportunity to form a team , create a business plan and potentially fund their business idea all within seven months .
The competition begins with our signature Kick - off event .
At the Competition Kick - off , participants learn more details about the competition prizes , rules , registration procedures and meet some of the winners from previous years .
After registering on www.younoodle.com, participants form a team , submit their concept papers , attend competition related workshops and submit their final business plan .
This culminates in the selection of the semi-finalists and the finalists .
The Final Presentations and Awards Ceremony for the Competition will be held on Friday , May 21 , 2010 , where $ 30,000 in cash prizes will be awarded .
Between the kick - off and finals , we offer four workshops covering a broad area of business plan development skills led by expert practitioners from across Orange County .
The Competition also provides individual team coaches to all teams that qualify for the semi-finals .
And now for the latest piece of news in a day that is just replete with green shoots .
It appears Calpers has requested $ 600 million more in funding from the state government , completely disregarding that hours before Arnie was pressing legislators to cut the state 's pension costs as he realizes that California with its $ 20 billion budget deficit is pretty much completely insolvent .
As AP reports , " the development is driven largely by huge investment losses by the California Public Employees Retirement System , but also because people are living longer and retiring earlier . "
Well Austerity will take care of the latter , as for the former , Dr. Kevorkian is , unfortunately , unavailable .
The onle winner out of this imminent fiasco : Leon Black , who as primary recipient of Calpers ' generous capital , still continues to mindlessly blow money on soon to be bankrupt companies , with the hope that he can extract at least something out of them , even if it means taking a 70 % IPO haircut ( see Noranda ) .
More from Reuters :
The increase would be for California 's next fiscal year , beginning in July , and would raise to about $ 3.9 billion the state 's annual contribution to the pension fund , known as Calpers , the biggest U.S. public pension fund .
Schwarzenegger in unveiling on Friday his budget plan for the next fiscal year , said that overhauling the state 's pension systems to reduce their cost to the state 's general fund is a top priority , an idea backed by fellow Republicans in the legislature 's minority .
Democrats , who control the legislature , are reluctant to take up the issue .
Pubic employee unions allied with Democrats are concerned their members could be placed into a two - tier pension system in which new public employees would receive reduced benefits .
The unions are also concerned their members would have to contribute more to their retirement plans .
A Calpers spokesman said the fund 's request for additional state money follows a study presented to the fund 's board last month that forced new actuarial assumptions to account for longer life - spans .
He said the request also takes into account declines in the value of fund investments along with a policy aimed at improving the retirement systems ' long - term funding .
h/t Leo K .
Leaders of the anti-government protests that have paralysed the heart of Bangkok for weeks have surrendered , after troops stormed their barricades .
At least five people have been killed in the gun battles in the Thai capital , and the demonstration leaders said they did not want anyone else to die .
But some of the so - called red - shirt protesters vowed to fight on .
Fires were started across the city , including at the stock exchange , banks , a huge shopping mall and a TV station .
The Thai government imposed a night - time curfew and ordered television channels to broadcast only official - sanctioned programmes .
Pockets of resistance
In the north - east of the country , a town hall in Udon Thani was set on fire and another , at Khon Kaen , was wrecked .
In Bangkok , the main rally stage area was empty .
Four protest leaders were seen on TV arriving at police headquarters .
Before he was led away , Jatuporn Prompan said from the stage : " I apologise to you all , but I do n't want any more losses .
I am devastated too , " reports news agency Reuters .
The leaders earlier urged supporters not to give up the fight for political change .
Army spokesman Col Sansern Kaewkamnerd labelled them as terrorists .
Defiant protesters attacked shops and property and there were reports of looting .
One of South East Asia 's biggest shopping malls , Bangkok 's Central World Plaza , was gutted by fire .
' D- Day '
Protesters started a fire at the offices of a TV station , Channel 3 , while staff were inside , said fire department officials .
AT THE SCENE
The main area at the heart of the commercial district is completely deserted .
This morning there were women dancing and people on stage giving speeches .
All those hundreds of people who were in this main part of the protest site have gone .
People have set fire to buildings .
There 's a lot of smoke over the city , burning piles of debris .
Someone just told us there were very emotional scenes when the leaders came and said , " it 's all over " , and told people to go home .
But some hardline red - shirt protesters were holed up in an over - head railway station and they were clashing with the military .
Government spokesman Panitan Wattanyagorn told the BBC that pockets of resistance remained in a number of places .
" We will initiate operations throughout the night in several areas in order to stabilise the situation , " he said .
The military said the operation had been halted to allow several thousand protesters to leave the rally zone .
An Italian photojournalist was killed , while three other reporters , a Dutch , an American and a Canadian , were among scores of people injured .
The assault began on Wednesday morning with soldiers in armoured vehicles smashing through the bamboo - and - tyre barricades , as helicopters circled above .
The military used loudspeakers to warn beforehand of the impending assault on the fortified encampment , which extends for several kilometres .
" This is D - Day , " one soldier was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Troops armed with M - 16 rifles marched through the central business district , as thick black smoke from mountains of burning tyres billowed over skyscrapers .
They stormed the Lumpini Park area , where demonstrators fled , leaving scattered shoes , overturned chairs and hanging laundry .
The violence follows six days of clashes around the camp , triggered by a government operation to seal the area and the subsequent death of a renegade general who backed the protests .
About 40 people have been killed since last week .
The red -shirts have been protesting in Bangkok since 14 March , occupying the shopping district , forcing hotels and shops to close .
They are a loose coalition of left - wing activists , democracy campaigners and mainly rural supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
They are demanding fresh polls because they say the government - which came to power through a parliamentary deal rather than an election - is illegitimate .
This is the interior of the Piedras Bolas aqueduct showing the abrupt reduction in conduit size near the exit .
A water feature found in the ancient Mayan city of Palenque , Mexico , is the earliest known example of plumbing with pressurized water in the New World , researchers suggest .
Found in the Piedras Bolas Aqueduct is a water spring - fed conduit located on steep terrain — a 20 - foot ( 6 - meter ) drop from the entrance of the tunnel to the outlet about 200 feet ( 60 feet ) downhill .
The cross-section of the feature decreases from about 10 square feet ( 1 square meter ) near the spring to about a half square foot where water emerges from a small opening .
At the outlet , the pressure exerted could have moved the water upwards of 20 feet .
" The experience the Maya at Palenque had in constructing aqueducts for diversion of water and preservation of urban space may have led to the creation of useful water pressure , " said team member Kirk French of Penn State University .
The researchers are n't exactly sure what the water - pressure feature was used for , but speculation includes a public fountain or a wastewater disposal system .
Previously , researchers thought that water - pressure systems entered the New World with the arrival of the Spanish , but this finding shows that closed channel water pressure systems were already present .
Underground water features such as aqueducts are not unusual at Palenque .
Because the Maya built the city in a constricted area inhabitants were unable to spread out .
To make as much land available for living as possible , the Maya at Palenque routed streams beneath plazas via aqueducts .
The feature was first identified in 1999 in the Maya city in Chiapas , Mexico .
The area was first occupied sometime near the year 100 , grew to its largest size during the Classic Maya period 250 to 600 , and was then abandoned around 800 .
The Piedras Bolas Aqueduct is partially collapsed so very little water currently flows from the outlet .
French and his team member Christopher Duffy , also of Penn State , used simple hydraulic models to determine the potential water pressure achievable from the Aqueduct .
They also found that Aqueduct would hold about 18,000 gallons ( 68,000 liters ) of water if the outlet were controlled to store the water .
The results of the study are detailed in the May issue of the Journal of Archaeological Science .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies .
istealhotelsoap Profile Joined February 2007 United States 514 Posts # 1
i'd just like to say that ...
yo momma's so fat that even a mothership 's vortex can't get rid of her !
yo momma's so fat that when roaches burrow and walk under her , they can't unburrow !
that 's all i've got so far .
try not to re-use the bw ones .
lets see how creative you guys are haha inspired by http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=38009
i'd just like to say that ... yo momma's so fat that even a mothership 's vortex can't get rid of her !
yo momma's so fat that when roaches burrow and walk under her , they can't unburrow !
that 's all i've got so far .
try not to re-use the bw ones .
lets see how creative you guys are haha
ZenDeX Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Philippines 2872 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-19 05:26:06 # 2 yo momma's so fat she absorbs 100 % of a splash damage .
yo momma's so fat that 9 infestors are required to neural parasite
zionman Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Belgium 149 Posts # 3
Yo momma's so fat 24 lings can surround her freakz
AcrossFiveJulys Profile Blog Joined September 2005 United States 3610 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-19 05:30:25 # 4 yo momma's so fat you can see her on the minimap without a sensor tower
yo momma's so fat she takes longer to sit down than a spine crawler
yo momma's so fat it took blizzrd patches 14,15,16 , and 17 to reduce her radius to make her less frustrating to use
yo momma's so ugly sentries refuse to hallucinate her
imBLIND Profile Blog Joined December 2006 United States 2387 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-19 05:28:16 # 5 yo mama so fat my nydus network could n't get around her
yo mama so fat my reapers said " we 're screwed " before they even jumped on her im deaf
SadSatyr Profile Joined April 2010 United States 77 Posts # 6 yo mamma's so fat the ultra get in her way !
Malgrif Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Canada 1093 Posts # 7 yo momma's so skinny sniper round missed .
for there to be pro there has to be noob .
HCastorp Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 388 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-19 05:30:09 # 8 yo mamma's so fat the ultra get in her way !
Winner so far
edit :
Oh god , missed July 's . . awesome !
Winner so faredit :
Oh god , missed July 's . . awesome !
Chairman Ray Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 11517 Posts # 9
Your mom's so fat , her name ends in .sc2map
TelecoM Profile Blog Joined January 2010 United States 10290 Posts # 10 your momma's so fat that you would need 900 sentries to have enough energy to build forcefields around her AKA : TelecoM [ WHITE ]
Protoss fighting
istealhotelsoap Profile Joined February 2007 United States 514 Posts # 11 lol that was fast .
did n't think there would be that many posts at this hour
Kantutan Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Canada 1319 Posts # 12
My favorite ' yo mommaship ' joke :
Yo mommaship so fat they increased her food from 4 to 6
Licmyobelisk Profile Blog Joined August 2008 Philippines 3679 Posts # 13 what the fuck is this thread ?
I do n't think I 've ever wished my opponent good luck prior to a game .
When I play , I play to win .
I hope every opponent I ever have is cursed with fucking terrible luck .
I hope they 're stuck playing underneath a stepladder with a black cat in attendance a
jax1492 Profile Joined November 2009 United States 1626 Posts # 14 On May 19 2010 14:31 Licmyobelisk wrote :
what the fuck is this thread ?
yo mama jokes + sc1/sc2 = joke yo mama jokes + sc1/sc2 = joke
edzwoo Profile Blog Joined June 2006 United States 469 Posts # 15
Yo mama so fat she makes calldown supplies useful .
stockton Profile Joined March 2010 United States 128 Posts # 16 yo mama 's so gross fungal growth increases her life
yo mama 's so fat even stalkers can't blink to her other side .
apm66 Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Canada 943 Posts # 17 On May 19 2010 14:30 TelecOm1 wrote :
your momma's so fat that you would need 900 sentries to have enough energy to build forcefields around her
WIN !!
hahahah :D WIN !!
hahahah :D （╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━ ┻
jax1492 Profile Joined November 2009 United States 1626 Posts # 18 yo mamas so fat her stomach growls not enough minerals ....
Probe .
Profile Joined May 2009 United States 877 Posts # 19
Yo mommas so fat she needs chrono boost just to roll over .
meow
mahnini Profile Blog Joined October 2005 United States 6854 Posts # 20 these jokes are n't even bad - funny .
the world 's a playground .
you know that when you 're a kid , but somewhere along the way everyone forgets it .
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
It took many years for Senator John McCain to lose his unofficial RINO ( conservative acronym for ‘ Republican In Name Only ’ ) status .
And even though the Arizona senator has done his best to mollify conservatives that he backs a controversial new law which critics say will lead to racial profiling of Latinos , Republicans related to him in family and politics are taking the opposite point of view .
ADVERTISEMENT
At Bloomberg News , Keven Hassett , an economist who “ served as an economic adviser to the George W. Bush 2004 presidential campaign and as Senator John McCain ’s chief economic adviser during the 2000 presidential primaries , ” and “ also served as a senior economic adviser to the McCain 2008 presidential campaign , ” writes , “ If Democratic majorities survive the backlash against big government in this election cycle , it will be because Republicans , the party of the right , became the Party of White . ”
“ A party that alienates racial minorities will justly be made a political minority , so the Republican response to what Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s happening in Arizona will be a defining moment , ” Hassett adds .
While there are many policies that undercut the support of minorities for Republicans — from opposition to affirmative action to regional support for the Confederate flag — immigration is clearly the brewing Republican problem among Hispanic Americans .
Republicans like Arizona Governor Jan Brewer have too often appeared hostile to immigrants . ….
Republicans need to be against illegal immigration , in favor of legal immigration — and much more emphatic about the latter .
Say what you will about the merits of ArizonaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s new law : its timing was awful , politically , and its advocates have done a terrible job of distinguishing illegal immigration from immigration in general .
Savvy Republicans would seek to reassure legal immigrants about their place in this country while exposing Democrats for advocating policies that make AmericaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s welcome mat unsustainable .
Ronald Reagan said the U.S. was traditionally the land of opportunity , where Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ the doors were open to anyone with the will and the heart to get here .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Republicans need to rally around that view of America , fast .
The November midterms are just around the corner .
“ I do not want any discriminatory behavior , and I ’ve talked to a group of lawmen , ” McCain told CBS ’ “ The Early Show ” last Tuesday .
“ They think they can implement this law without racial profiling . ”
But Hassett has at least one McCain in his corner : the Republican senator ’s daughter Meghan .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Let me say up - front that I do not support the bill that was signed by Governor Jan Brewer , ” Meghan McCain wrote in her Daily Beast blog last Wednesday .
“ I believe it gives the state police a license to discriminate , and also , in many ways , violates the civil rights of Arizona residents . ”
While wandering the net one fine evening ( actually on the shitter at work while on my PDA ) I discovered " The Great Scam " .
A story about achievements , greed , deception and a little game called Eve-Online .
In other words a great little story .
This story has nothing to do with me ( wirm ) or any one i know for that matter .
Was just something I found , liked , and figured what the fuck might as well buy a cool domain ( update 4/14/09 shutdown the domain mirror it here now wirm.net / nightfreeze ) and mirror it .
So I did .
I changed nothing cept for adding a " >> Next " to the bottom of the pages to help navigate .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Jon Donnison
BBC News , Gaza
Even on a beautiful sunny day with the waves crashing around you , the beach at Gaza city is not the most idyllic .
A few teenagers kick a football among the litter .
Behind them are the remains of some of the bombed - out buildings from last year 's conflict with Israel that have still not been cleared .
It 's therefore a somewhat surreal sight to see young men , clad in wetsuits , boards tucked under their arms , splashing into the water .
These are the surfers of Gaza .
Mr Paskowitz brought 15 surfboards to the Erez crossing in 2007 " Surfing is beautiful , " says Mohammed Abu Jayab , a slightly - built boarder who works as a part - time security guard .
" Life is difficult in Gaza but surfing makes me feel free , " he says .
The Gaza Surf Club is far from flash : a dilapidated corrugated iron shack , about the size of an outside toilet .
But the group now has about 40 members .
" Palestinians are people like in any other country , " says Mafouz Caberetti , the club 's president .
" We love life .
We like sport and surfing , but the problem is the media which portrays Palestinians as just terrorists and bad people but this is not true . "
The waves can be bad though .
The sea around Gaza is heavily polluted with at least 60 million litres of raw and partially treated sewage being pumped into it every day .
" We have to choose the days carefully when we surf , " says Mr Abu Jayab , " and some parts of the beaches are cleaner than others . "
Many of the Gazan surfers are unemployed
Most of the surfers are young men in their twenties and thirties .
Mr Caberetti says a lot of them are unemployed and have time on their hands .
The United Nations say unemployment is more than 40 % in Gaza .
When they are not in the water , club members are often sitting around in the beachside club hut smoking water pipes and drinking tea while going over their latest moves .
The surfers come at all levels .
Some are still struggling to stand up on their boards , while others are happily riding 2 m ( 6 ft ) high waves .
The surfers have to pick their way through litter on the beach , and choose days when there is less sewage pollution
The inspiration for the surf club came from overseas , thousands of kilometres away in California .
Dorian " Doc " Paskowitz is a surfing legend .
The 89 - year - old has been surfing for more than 70 years and still surfs today .
Several years ago he read an article in the Los Angeles Times newspaper about a couple of men surfing in Gaza .
" I saw the picture of the two Arabs in the newspaper and they had one lousy beat - up board between them , " he said in an interview with the BBC near his home in southern California .
" And I said this simply wo n't do . "
Board mission Gaza has been under a tightened Israeli and Egyptian blockade for almost three years , with only limited humanitarian aid allowed in .
Israel says this is necessary to stop weapons being smuggled into Palestinian militants and to pressure the Islamic movement Hamas which controls the territory and refuses to renounce violence or recognise Israel .
Mohammed Abu Jayab says he dreams of surfing in Hawaii or Australia
But the blockade means it has been very difficult to get surfboards into Gaza .
Mr Paskowitz , who is Jewish himself , decided to personally hand deliver 15 new boards to Gaza in 2007 .
But when he arrived at the Erez border crossing , the main Israeli checkpoint into Gaza , he was told by Israeli security officers he was not allowed to pass and the Gaza surfers were not permitted to cross the border to collect the boards .
" I said to the Israeli soldier ' I came half way around the world , 12,000 miles , to deliver these boards .
Would you let an old Jew fail ? ' " , says Mr Paskowitz .
" I said to the guy , these guys are 50ft away .
Are you going to let them come through here and get these boards ? "
Mr Paskowitz describes how he leant over and kissed the Israeli border guard before the soldier eventually allowed the Palestinian surfers to come and collect the boards .
And on the beaches of Gaza , those boards , now a little worse for wear , are still being used today .
Fresh out of the water , shivering and clasping his board under his arm , Mohammed Abu Jayab says he has not left Gaza since 1996 because of Israeli restrictions on travelling .
But he dreams that some day he might get the chance to surf in Hawaii or Australia .
" Inshallah [ God willing ] , " he says , looking to the skies .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image caption
The firm makes products for Apple and other technology brands
A ninth employee has jumped to his death at Taiwanese iPhone manufacturer Foxconn , China 's state media reports .
Xinhua said 21 - year - old Nan Gang leapt from a four - storey factory in China 's Shenzhen in the early hours .
Shortly after , it emerged that the death of a worker at a Foxconn plant in China 's Hebei province earlier this year was also a suicide .
A total of 11 Foxconn employees in China have tried to kill themselves this year - two have survived .
The incidents have raised concerns about worker treatment at the site .
The Associated Press quoted spokesman Arthur Huang as saying the company carried out social responsibility programmes to ensure workers ' welfare .
Earlier this week , Foxconn said it was enlisting counsellors and Buddhist monks to provide emotional support for its workers .
Suicides
Ten of the employees worked at Foxconn 's campuses in Shenzhen , but on Friday it was revealed that a man who died at a factory in the northern Hebei province had also jumped from a building .
The worker , identified by Xinhua as 19 - year old Rong Bo , died in the city of Langtang early this year .
A similar investigation into the death of 16 - year old Wang Lingyan - who was found dead in a dormitory at the same site - concluded she died from cardiac arrest , government spokeswoman Wang Qiunu told Xinhua .
Image caption Foxconn worker Sun Danyong killed himself last year
Foxconn is part of Hon Hai Precision , the world 's largest maker of consumer electronics , and employs 800,000 workers worldwide , mostly in China .
The company has said it is taking the deaths seriously , even though a local government investigation did not blame working conditions .
The spate of deaths comes after a Foxconn employee in charge of shipping Apple 's iPhone prototype units killed himself last year after one of the units went missing .
Apple said it had investigated accusations of bad employment practices by Foxconn stemming from a June 2006 complaint , and found the claims to be largely unfounded .
Monk support
However , it concluded that some employees were working more than Foxconn 's mandated maximum during peak production times , and as many as a quarter of them were not taking at least one day off a week .
US - based China Labour Watch has criticised Foxconn 's " military - style administration and harsh working conditions " and called on the company to " initiate a thoroughgoing analysis of life on its production lines " .
Foxconn says it has hired 100 counsellors and invited monks to help workers at a new Employee Care Centre and trained its medical staff to provide emotional support .
It has also introduced a reward system for employees who spot colleagues with emotional problems , and a hotline for workers .
A ridiculous race is going on in the world of Smartphones , with each competitor boasting about the number of available apps for his platform .
With Apple talking of 200’000 apps and Android claiming 50’000 apps ( similar to what Palm offered in earlier years , and probably similar to Symbian ) , a new platform such as Maemo 5 sometimes faces a difficult stand , with casual users coming from other platforms complaining about too few apps ( only hundreds … )
After years of smartphone experience as user and developer , having my first app on Maemo reaching 100’000 downloads , programming a first iPhone enterprise app and spending a few evenings of App Store analysis , I believe it ’s high time to debunk the app numbers craze : IMHO , a high number of apps reflects the shortcomings of a platform as much as its mass market success .
This article mainly looks at the iPhone AppStore , however the Android situation is quite similar .
One in six apps in the iPhone AppStore is an eBook .
“ Jane Eyre ” alone is available through over a hundred apps .
How ridiculous is this ?
Taking an eBook and packing it into an app ?
36’000 books as individual apps ?
On Maemo , you have one or two good e-book readers , then you simply download whatever free e-book you want .
Yes , no paid eBooks ( no DRM ) yet , but 30’000 eBooks alone from Project Gutenberg , downloadable through the default browser .
One in six apps is a Game .
Some of them are absolutely fantastic , innovative and superior to the handheld game platforms such as the PSP or the DS .
But many others are imitations , variant 283 of Tetris or Bejeweled .
Or crude mini -games .
And quite often , games come in 3 variants – a free , a lite and a full version .
On Maemo , the commercial games are mostly missing due to the ongoing Ovi store tragedy / mess .
Angry Birds and Bounce save the day , and every possible emulator allows us to relive glorious games of the past , even using various external controllers .
In addition , thanks to the in - built Flash player ( take that , Steve :-) and the physical keyboard , you can play many Flash games in the browser or even download them for later offline play .
Maemo would probably need just a dozen good 3D games to be up to par in the Gaming section .
The entertainment section ( 10 % of all apps ) is another show of the tragedy of the masses .
Sorted by popularity , the winner is “ Boobs & Thongs Lite ” .
What a glorious achievement .
In fact , three of the top 20 apps are about boobs , another 3 about wallpapers .
Plus light sabres , farts , jokes , beer and TV .
On Maemo , thanks to the fantastic browser and screen resolution plus the huge amount of codecs supported , you can simply get the real deal just like on the desktop .
Whatever the kind of reference you ’re looking for .
Save any possible image by right - clicking and saving in the browser , review later on throught the Photo app .
And simply use any possible image as wallpaper directly from there , too .
And for all other reference lookup , just try the search widget “ TouchSearch ” and ad your own databases if Wikipedia , Google , IMDB etc. are not enough .
And for emergencies , a light saber is available and a fart app is work in progress .
Sigh .
Education has 7 % of all apps , with a few fantastic items , but also lots of superficial content , similar to simple lookup lists or a number of pages packed in an app .
PS : Another Boobie app in the Top 20 !
On Maemo , we have a number of apps , most notably Stellarium .
This alone rocks incredibly and shows the true potential of this platform .
Flashcards , Graph calculators , periodic tables are there , too .
Going into the other 50 % of apps and categories in the iPhone app store , the view is the same : a few individual gems , but mostly repackaging of existing content .
Each RSS feed an app , each internet radio station an app , each reference list an app , each city map an app .
Each document about whatever an app .
And who needs 856 weather apps ?
Desperately looking for an advantage in having this many apps , I remembered the online / offline dilemma .
At least having an app installed should give me more offline freedom , or not ?
Unfortunately not – because many apps are indeed just frontends to existing content .
And if not , every single content you would want is an individual app that you need to find and download separately .
In fact , instead of googling and surfing to content , in a way Apple prefers you to search in the App Store and install the one app for just this content .
What are the reasons for this mess ?
Conceptually , to hide the shortcomings of the input methods , the shortcomings of the browser and the shortcomings of the display resolution .
Commercially , the trendiness of the iPhone and it ’s mass market appeal combined with a fierce competition and freeloading on existing content .
Plus Apple ’s strategy of consumer lock - in .
Where will it go ?
I ’m persuaded that in a few years , 90 % of the apps will be forgotten and long dead – it will begin the moment that the iPhone has a higher resolution display and and better browser and happen when Flash or HTML5 is available .
Luckily , with Maemo 5 , we ’re nearly there already .
Less is more .
Be free .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Nine years ago Andrew Sullivan was caught up in a sex scandal when an anonymous personal ad he took out on a site called barebackcity.com was exposed by gay journalist and outing proponent Michelangelo Signorile .
Sullivan claimed that he was a victim of " sexual McCarthyism " and sampling Clarence Thomas , called the whole incident the " high - tech lynching of an uppity homo . "
Back then , I defended Sullivan ’s right to sexual privacy .
But I also noted that given the fact that Sullivan had made a career of lambasting the sexual promiscuity of fellow gay men ( including analogizing unprotected oral sex with murder ) , as well as the peccadillos of our first " queer " president , Bill Clinton — Sullivan had opened himself up as a target .
What he wanted was not sexual privacy ( an ethic extending to all ) , but sexual secrecy for himself with the attendant hypocritical right to wag his finger at those whose secrets became hot public messes .
Ad Policy
I ’m reminded of this ancient history because Sullivan is now arguing that Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan should be interrogated about her sexual orientation , presumably including during her Senate confirmation hearing — call it the high - tech lynching of an uppity ambiguous Harvard dean .
Sullivan ’s claim is that in the context of several gay rights cases facing the court in years to come , a Justice ’s sexual orientation will affect her judgment ( presumably towards a pro-gay result ) , and so the public has a right to know , according to Sullivan , about Kagan ’s " possible life - experience as a gay woman " and whether or not Kagan has a spouse who is " going to be forced into the background in a way no heterosexual spouse ever would be ? "
Sullivan seems to think that this whole inquiry would be a good thing , and that gay people would be able to claim Kagan ’s nomination as some kind of gay rights victory , even if it would trample all over Kagan ’s privacy .
Sullivan ’s reasoning is so naive that I have to wonder if there ’s some bizarre ulterior motive behind it — or if he ’s exorcising some old demons .
Surely he knows that Kagan does not have a spouse ( man or woman ) and that she has never identified herself as gay .
What exactly does he think is going to happen now ?
Does he imagine that Kagan , in an uncharacteristically un-butch moment , is going to break down in front of Orrin Hatch and tearily confess to having cloistered away a secret lesbian lover in some Cambridge bat cave because she was worried that Alan Dershowitz would be really really mean to her about it ?
Because that would go over really well for gay rights — what a role model ! — never mind Kagan ’s confirmation .
The only side this line of questioning helps is the far right , who have already mounted a whisper campaign insinuating that Kagan is a closeted lesbian because she refused to allow military recruiters onto campus because of the military ’s do n’t ask , do n’t tell policy — a decision in line with many law schools at the time .
" Gay Rights Advocate , " they repeatedly call her , even though she has also said that she does n’t think there is a constitutional right to same - sex marriage .
But beyond the matter of Kagan ’s nomination itself , Sullivan advances the notion that it is legitimate , indeed mandatory , to grill minority ( or perceived minority ) nominees about their personal experiences and to force them to answer how those experiences would affect their views of the Constitution .
It ’s one of those interesting points where a left - liberal impulse to trumpet diversity ( even when it is not actually there ) as a value ( think Sotomayor ) backs into right - wing racial ( or sexual or gender ) determinism ( think , wise Latina blowback ) .
Just once I ’d like to see this double - standard — complicated in Kagan ’s case by the perception that she ’s in the closet — applied to straight white men .
Tell me , Judge Roberts , about your heterosexual life experiences ?
How do you think your bountiful virility ( or lack thereof ? ) will affect your opinions about privacy ?
I do n’t know if Elena Kagan sleeps with women or men .
I do n’t know if she sleeps with anyone at all .
I do n’t care .
What I do know is that she has never claimed to be a lesbian , that she ’s never spoken out in the first - person as an advocate of gay rights and that she has never publicly discussed a romantic relationship with a woman .
Gay is n’t some genetic or soulful essence ; it ’s a name you call yourself –and Kagan has not done that .
So in my book , case closed .
Elena Kagan is not gay .
Is she straight ?
I do n’t know , and again , I do n’t care .
Why does she have to have a sexuality at all ?
In a way , the mystery about her sexuality mirrors the mystery about her legal philosophy .
We just do n’t know a whole lot .
The Senate and the press have the right and responsibility to interrogate her about her legal opinions — not about her sex life .
Hopefully this still makes sense and / or makes me laugh in the morning .
The 49 - unit apartment building in Bronx River has a tally of woes almost impressive in magnitude .
It has 663 open violations .
Its walls shed lead paint , rain seeps through collapsing ceilings , and cockroaches and rats scuttle across its buckled floors .
Now the building , at 1585 East 172nd Street , has another ignominious distinction .
Fed up with the failure of the landlord , Sam Suzuki , to correct the violations and show up in court , a judge last week issued a warrant for his arrest , a rarity in housing court .
“ Mr. Suzuki has treated the court with such disdain , ” said Beatrice Hamza Bassey , a lawyer with Hughes Hubbard & Reed , which , with the Legal Aid Society of New York , is representing tenants in the case .
“ There ’s abject squalor in the building .
Inhumane conditions .
No one should be living under those kinds of conditions . ”
Mr. Suzuki said late Wednesday afternoon that he had not been served with an arrest warrant and that he would not comment on the case .
He also said he was merely the manager of the building , although in the most recent document in the city register pertaining to the property , from May 2009 , he said he was the “ sole member ” of the corporation that owned it .
WASHINGTON —
In an effort to secure Republican support for an overhaul of financial regulations , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee on Monday proposed giving the Federal Reserve responsibility for protecting consumers from abusive and deceptive financial products .
The new plan , described by an official briefed on the negotiations , was the latest iteration of an idea that has divided members of the committee , largely along party lines , and has been the major barrier in the path toward the most significant overhaul of banking rules since the Depression , a priority of the Obama administration .
The chairman , Christopher J. Dodd , Democrat of Connecticut , circulated a proposal last week to create a Bureau of Financial Protection under the Treasury Department .
On Monday , the senior Republican on the committee , Richard C. Shelby of Alabama , having rejected that plan , put forward two of his own .
One would create a consumer protection unit within the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , while the other would establish an interagency consumer protection council .
In both cases , the new entity would have rule - making authority but limited enforcement powers .
Sipachev had admitted working for the Pentagon , the court said
A Moscow court has sentenced a Russian national to four years in prison for handing over state secrets to the US .
Gennady Sipachev was found guilty of sending classified Russian military maps to the Pentagon via the internet .
The maps can be used to make the targeting of US cruise missiles against Russian targets more accurate , Russia 's security service officials said .
The court said that Sipachev had made a guilty plea bargain with prosecutors in exchange for a lighter sentence .
" Sipachev co-operated actively in the detection and investigation and also pointed to criminal activity by other individuals which helped prevent further damage to the security of Russia , " said the court 's ruling .
US silent
Sipachev was found guilty under Article 275 of Russia 's criminal code - " state treason in the form of espionage " .
The charge normally carries a sentence of up to 20 years in prison .
The court said that Sipachev - whose age and occupation have not been disclosed - would be serving his sentence in a high - security prison .
Russia 's security services ( FSB ) said Sipachev had first raised their suspicions in 2008 .
The FSB said it later found that he had been sending top secret Russian military maps to a Pentagon 's in - house intelligence service , which acted under the cover of a different organisation .
There has been no comment from the US on the issue .
Few tasks are more onerous that choosing a funeral home .
The circumstances almost automatically dictate that it wo n’t be an easy thing to do , especially if the death involved is unexpected and you have to deal with extra stress .
Thankfully , there is a process to follow , and its simpler than you might think .
A lot of it has to do with managing the circumstances and the situation as a whole , so if you follow the right steps to do that the choice will become much simpler and you ’ll wind up with an excellent choice .
The first step is to get your family members and come up with a basic budget .
If you ’ve done some planning this may be a matter of confirming a consensus , but if you have n’t some tough discussions may be involved .
The next step is to to go over your funeral rights .
Most of these are fairly basic — get price information via the phone and a written estimate , make a choice about embalming and a casket if you ’ve selected a traditional funeral home , and make sure you ’re not being sold add - ons you do n’t want .
Priorities are important as well .
Do you want a funeral home that ’s conveniently located ?
Have recommendations from friends or other family members ?
Do you need any kind of special arrangements ?
You need to envision the event and proceed accordingly , sticking to both your budget and your needs .
There also details that need to be managed .
You may want to donate the body to a medical school to allow research purposes , and you may be able to save your budget by choosing options for direct cremation or direct burial .
It may also be possible to hold the funeral service at home , and a so - called “ green ” burial in a shroud or simple casket may suit your needs as well .
Be sure to write down these decisions in as much detail as you need .
That way you can go back to them if changes become necessary , and this will help keep track of final pricing , too .
One other thing you may want to do is confirm whatever pricing you select .
There are several ways to do this .
Your local Funeral Consumers Alliance is a good start — they ’ll usually have a complete survey of prices where you live , and they may list a funeral home that lines up well with your needs .
Another way to price check into look online through funeral home listings to find good choices like Aaron cremation .
This will often give you a minimal idea of what different services cost , and this in turn will help get the ideal funeral and service to give you peace of mind and meet your needs .…
Read the rest
A flotilla of activists and politicians carrying humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip , in defiance of the U.S. - Israel - Egypt unlawful blockade , were attacked by the Israeli Navy .
Israel Army Radio reports up to 16 have been killed .
Others report up to 20 .
The BBC reports ( 7:54 ) :
In international waters , the Israeli Navy engaged in a prepared , deliberate attack on a convoy of ships carrying over 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip .
Short - term detention camps ( the irony ) were setup in advance to hold the kidnapped activists captive .
The six ships , known as the “ Freedom Flotilla ” set sail from Turkey with hundreds of activists and politicians — including Nobel laureate Mairead Maguire and 85 - year - old Nazi holocaust survivor Hedy Epstein — to defy the unlawful blockade on the Strip , enforced directly by the Israel and Egypt , with the support of the U.S.
The flotilla is a non-aggressive civilian humanitarian operation to aid those imprisoned by the siege on Gaza .
Russia Today reports up to 20 have been killed , Al Jazeera reports 19 — and that Israeli Army Radio reports up to 16 — and Isabel Kershner reports at The New York Times “ at least 10 people ” were killed , “ according to the Israeli military and activists traveling with the flotilla ” .
Israel ’s Channel 10 is reporting 36 wounded .
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who was in Canada at the time and had a meeting at the White House scheduled for Tuesday , “ planned to return home Monday to deal with fallout from the raid ” , Ms. Kershner reports “ an Israeli government official confirmed ” .
He already has granted his “ full backing ” of the attack , according to the AFP ( via Raw Story ) .
The Israeli Defense Forces ( I.D.F. ) report that , blocking and forcefully invading the ships , they were “ met with ‘ live fire and light weaponry including knives and clubs ’ , ” she adds .
“ The naval forces then ’employed riot dispersal means , including live fire ’ , the military said in a statement . ”
Ms. Kershner does report that the organization which launched the humanitarian mission rejects this statement :
Greta Berlin , a leader of the pro-Palestinian Free Gaza Movement , speaking by telephone from Cyprus , rejected the military ’s version .
“ That is a lie , ” she said , adding that it was inconceivable that the civilian passengers on board would have been “ waiting up to fire on the Israeli military , with all its might . ”
“ We never thought there would be any violence , ” she said .
The U.N. Security Council — currently chaired by Lebanon — has called an emergency meeting “ to discuss Israel ’s storming ” , as reported by Ha’aretz , for Monday afternoon at 1:00 PM EST , diplomats told Reuters .
U.N. “ The United States deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained , and is currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy , ” said White House spokesman William Burton .
France was the first European nation - state to respond , when “ Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said he was ‘ profoundly shocked ’ , ” Ha’aretz adds .
The German government spokesman Ulrich Wilhelm expressed it was “ shocked ” and seemed in violation of proportionality standards for self - defense , adding the attack in international waters “ does not speak in favor of this basic principle being adhered to ” .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini joined in condemning the I.D.F. , stating : “ I deplore in the strongest terms the killing of civilians .
This is certainly a grave act . ”
Representative of the Turkish , Greek , Pakistani , Spanish and Indonesian governments — among others — have also expressed strong condemnations and have frozen military allegiances and scrapped war games planning with Israel , the AFP reports ( via Raw Story ) .
Al Jazeera reports on the international reaction , including those who ’ve taken the streets in protest ( 4:34 ) :
Mel Frykberg at Inter Press Services reports “ water purification kits , prefabricated homes , wheelchairs as well as some reconstruction material ” were among the contents of aid being delivered , adding the deliberate nature of this attack :
Thousands of homes were destroyed and damaged during Israel ’s military assault on Gaza , codenamed Operation Cast Lead , at the end of 2008 and beginning of 2009 .
As part of the siege Israel has forbidden nearly all reconstruction material from entering Gaza for rebuilding .
The F.G. [ Free Gaza ]
Movement has attempted numerous times over the last few years to bring boats to Gaza with some success .
Most times , however , the Israeli navy intercepted the vessels , ramming several boats and arresting those on board … .
As a violent , and possibly bloody , confrontation between the flotilla and the Israeli security forces seemed increasingly inevitable , with Israeli officials vowing to stop the vessels and the F.G. vowing to reach Gaza , the Israeli foreign ministry and the I.D.F. launched a massive publicity campaign .
The Israeli daily The Jerusalem Post reported that the I.D.F. “ has established a joint taskforce together with the Israel police , the foreign ministry and the Prisons Service to coordinate efforts to stop the flotilla and manage the potential media fallout . ” …
Despite Israel arguing that only items considered a “ security threat ” are banned from entering Gaza , coriander , pasta , fruit juice , toilet paper , chocolate , cigarettes , seedlings , school books and uniforms remain on a long list of goods that for the most part are banned .
Furthermore , the United Nations has released recently a report contradicting the Israeli government , saying , “ Livelihoods and lives of people living in the Gaza Strip have been devastated by over 1,000 days of near complete blockade . ”
The U.N. also stated on Sunday that , “ Most of the property and infrastructure damaged in Israel ’s offensive on the Gaza Strip is still unrepaired 12 months later and aid efforts have been largely ineffective . ”
The World Health Organisation released a facts sheet at the beginning of the year .
“ The lack of building materials is affecting essential health facilities : the new surgical wing in Gaza ’s main Shifa hospital has remained unfinished since 2006 .
Hospitals and primary care facilities , damaged during operation ‘ Cast Lead ’ , have not been rebuilt because construction materials are not allowed into Gaza . ”
“ Israeli forces committed war crimes and other serious breaches of international law in the Gaza Strip during a 22 - day military offensive which ended on Jan. 18 , 2009 , ” says Amnesty International ( A.I. ) in its latest annual report .
“ Among other things , they carried out indiscriminate and disproportionate attacks against civilians , targeted and killed medical staff , used Palestinian civilians as ‘ human shields ’ , and indiscriminately fired white phosphorus over densely populated residential areas .
“ Israeli forces continued to impose severe restrictions on the movement of Palestinians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories throughout 2009 , hampering access to essential services and land .
The restrictions included a military blockade of the Gaza Strip , which effectively imprisoned the 1.5 million residents and resulted in a humanitarian crisis , ” added the A.I. report .
The Obama Administration and U.S. Congress refuses to support U.N. , N.G.O. condemnation and reports of war crimes findings for Israel ’s massacre on Gaza .
In fact , it has been rewarded with an extension of its annual aid package — as leading receiver of U.S. aid in the world — plus supplemental weapons and constructions packages to enable apartheid , war crimes and attacks on humanitarian missions like today’s .
The United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) “ is helping Israel to construct an apartheid road infrastructure in the occupied Palestinian West Bank by financing nearly a quarter of the segregated road system primarily for the benefit of Israeli settlers , ” Mr Frykberg recently reported .
This was a de jure unilateral attack by the I.D.F. , but no one in their right mind could accurately refute calling this a ‘ U.S. - Israeli ’ attack on a humanitarian convoy .
EDIT : The Arab League has called a meeting for Tuesday and Turkey promises to allow more ships to set sail for Gaza , but accompanied by the Turkish Navy , CNN - IBN reports .
Today ’s attack by Israel is a terrorist attack by any serious definition of “ international terrorism ” .
A future attack , with the Turkish Navy escort , would be an act of war in international waters .
Israel could claim Turkish provocation by aiding to break the blockade , but this is nullified by the fact that the blockade itself is an illegal act of war .
Turkey is a NATO member - state is ‘ good standing ’ .
An aggressive act of war by the Israeli Navy would effectively be one against the U.S. , 26 European nation - states and Canada .
With Chelsea up 1pt and only one game left in the season , the Manchester United faithful were praying for a miracle at Stamford Bridge .
Their hopes were crushed 6 minutes into the Chelsea match as Anelka started the first of many goals for Chelsea .
While United fans kept an eye on Stamford Bridge the Red Devils put on a stellar performance dominating the pitch left and right .
Manchester United had 65 % of the possession and 21 shots , 6 on target .
The first 30 minutes were frustrating as the Stoke defense seemed to be holding up well against the United attack .
The deadlock would be broken 31 minutes into the match off a corner which was deflected and landed in front of Fletcher who calmly finished it off the line .
Minutes later United would counter and Giggs would slot in a pass from Dimitar Berbatov .
United headed into half - time up 2 - nil , as did Chelsea .
“ At half - time I accepted the fact they ( Chelsea ) were going to be champions , ” said Sir Alex after the Red Devil ’s impressive performance .
There was nothing United could do to help Wigan as Chelsea would soon open the flood gates in their 8 - 0 victory .
Chelsea ’s lead over Wigan did n’t stop United from continuing to score .
The Red Devils continued to attack the net and would find it in the 54th minute on a deflection that went in .
Eventually substitute Ji-Sung Park would score and wrap up the United victory .
Today ’s match really summed up United ’s season .
Overshadowed by Chelsea ’s record breaking performance United could do nothing but watch as their rivals lifted the trophy this year .
Although United stomped all over Stoke City their victory was n’t as amazing when compared to the 8 - 0 victory at Stamford Bridge .
Now that the season is over Manchester United fans all over the world will be eager to see what new faces will be arriving to Old Trafford this summer .
Rooney has called on Sir Alex to make some signings this summer for Untied .
“ If we can bring in two big - name players in it would give us a good chance of getting the league back , ” said the English 24 year - old .
We will be keeping you up to date on all transfer news for all Premiership Teams !
A swan keeper transports swans in boats on the inner city lake , Alster , in Hamburg , Germany .
Every year the swans are collected from Hamburg and taken to winter quarters where they are fed and cared for until the spring
Credit : REUTERS
Windows uses lots of copies of the svchost file Thousands of PCs around the world have been paralysed by a security update that wrongly labelled part of Windows as a virus .
The update was sent out by security firm McAfee and made affected PCs endlessly restart .
Corporate customers of McAfee seemed to be hardest hit but some individuals reported problems too .
McAfee apologised for the mistake and released a fix to ensure PCs started working again .
Thousands hit
The problems were caused by an update to the long list McAfee 's anti-virus uses to identify which programs are malicious .
McAfee 's 5958 update wrongly identified the Windows svchost . exe file as the wecorl . a virus .
This worm tries to replace an existing svchost file with its own version to help it take over a machine .
The update wrongly labelled svchost as the virus and then quarantined it .
This caused many PCs to crash as Windows uses many copies of the file to keep the operating system going .
Computers inside businesses running Windows XP with service pack 3 applied were the hardest hit according to reports .
The University of Michigan said 8,000 of its 25,000 computers were hit by the faulty update .
The SANS Internet Storm Center said the update was causing " widespread problems " and said it received reports about " networks with thousands of down machines and organizations who had to shut down for business until this is fixed . "
Analyst Rob Enderle said the update " pretty much took Intel down today " .
Mr Enderle was at the chip giant 's HQ for a meeting when the widespread crash started to hit the computers of the people with whom he sat .
" We believe that this incident has impacted less than one half of one percent of our enterprise accounts globally , " said a statement from McAfee , adding that an even smaller percentage of its consumer customers were hit .
It said it removed the update " within hours " and released an updated file free of the mistake .
It also issued a " sincere apology " for the inconvenience caused .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Portrait of the author as a young man .
The novel is called Soft Answers , and it proved to be second - rate ' Photograph : PR
The Case Against the Fed
By Murray N. Rothbard
Ludwig von Mises Institute 2007
158 pages .
In The Decline of the West , Oswald Spengler wrote , “ With money - traffic there appears between producer and consumer , as though between two separate worlds , the third party , the middleman , whose thought is dominated a priori by the business side of life .
He elevates mediation to a monopoly and thereafter to economic primacy , and forces the other two to be ‘ in form ’ in his interest …
He who commands this mode of thinking is the master of money . ”
And no , Spengler was not referring to the Fed .
But he very well could have been , for the Fed certainly fits the definition of a monopolistic middleman , who is the master of money .
Which is the subject of Murray Rothbard ’s book – The Case Against the Fed .
Like many books , The Case Against the Fed starts out with an introduction .
But that ’s where the similarity ends .
For Rothbard ’s introduction is a real humdinger .
He gets right to his thesis , which is that the Fed is super - secretive , accountable to no one , has no budget , and is subject to no audit .
And whenever anyone broaches changing this situation , the “ standard reply of the Fed and its partisans is that any such measures , however marginal , would encroach on the Fed ’s ‘ independence from politics , ’ which is invoked as a kind of self - evident absolute . ”
In other words , only by means of absolute power and no accountability can the Fed wage its holy war “ against inflation . ”
According to the Fed ’s line of reasoning , the public is responsible for inflating the money supply .
Which means the Fed is all that stands between the public and the temptation of inflation .
In Rothbard ’s opinion , “ this mythology is the very reverse of the truth . ”
Rothbard ’s analysis and explanation of the real truth is wonderfully wrought .
“ If , ” says Rothbard , “ chronic inflation is caused by the continuing creation of new money , and if [ the Central Banking System ] is the sole monopoly source and creator of all money , who then is responsible for the blight of inflation ? ”
The answer of course is “ the Fed itself . ”
This fact , according to Rothbard , explains why the Fed requires secrecy .
“ If the public knew what was going on , ” it would know that the Fed is “ itself the heart and cause of the problem . ”
After this blistering opening , Rothbard moves on to discuss how money and banking developed .
This discussion segues naturally into the ‘ optimum amount of money . ’
And as Rothbard demonstrates , “ any quantity of money in society is ‘ optimal . ’ ”
Increasing the supply of money in a society is unnecessary and not beneficial .
Any increase that occurs is purely and simply inflation , which , in Rothbard ’s opinion , is tantamount to counterfeiting .
Counterfeiting increases the money supply , which simultaneously pushes up the cost of goods and services and decreases the buying power of money .
The other thing counterfeiting does – and this is an important point – is put more money into the “ hands of the counterfeiters . ”
In other words , the people printing the counterfeit money get richer .
Rothbard points out that historically , there “ have been two kinds of legalized counterfeiting . ”
The first is government printed paper money .
The second is “ fractional - reserve banking . ”
And Rothbard ’s explanation of fractional - reserve banking is one of the best around .
For it is simple and clear , eschewing technical jargon and convoluted models .
From there , Rothbard moves on to Central Banking , providing a brief history of how and where the concept came from .
Modern Central Banking came into existence with the Peel Act of 1844 , which gave the Bank of England an “ absolute monopoly on the issue of all bank notes in England . ”
Rothbard illustrates how the Central Bank increases its reserves and those of its cartel members – by buying assets which are paid for by money pulled out of the air .
This fiat money expands many times , making all the banks rich .
As the reader makes his way through Rothbard ’s explanation , he is torn between admiration and shock .
On the one hand , such audacity has to be admired .
What a simple and effective way to get rich – by making something ( money ) out of nothing .
On the other hand , it is shocking that such trickery is condoned .
Rothbard then proceeds to relate how the Central Bank concept came into being in America .
The primary factor – says Rothbard – was Wall Street bankers , who became disgruntled with the National Banking System .
Essentially , the National Banking System “ was not centralized enough . ”
Which meant that the money supply “ could n’t be increased fast enough to suit the banks . ”
The Morgan and Rockefeller groups began manipulating the situation politically , and – eventually – the Federal Reserve System came into being “ at the plush Jekyll Island retreat . ”
The year was 1911 .
In 1913 , the Federal Reserve Act was passed .
The big bankers got their way .
They had a “ lender of last resort , ” which was code for a Sugar Daddy who would allow them to inflate the money supply .
In effect , the Morgan banking group was now running the monetary system of the U.S. Later , as a result of the New Deal , the Rockefellers took over , according to Rothbard .
In the final section of The Case Against the Fed , Rothbard describes how the Federal Reserve System methodically pyramids “ credits and deposits on top of their initial burst of reserves . ”
And anyone who bothers to read Rothbard ’s lucid explanation is forced to conclude that the Fed does as it pleases .
And what it pleases to do is inflate the money supply .
Rothbard ’s answer to the whole fiasco is simple : “ return to gold and to abolish the Federal Reserve , and to do so at one stroke . ”
All that is lacking is the will to do so .
The future Pope Benedict XVI resisted pleas to defrock a California priest with a record of sexually molesting children , citing concerns including " the good of the universal church , " according to a 1985 letter bearing his signature .
The correspondence , obtained by The Associated Press , is the strongest challenge yet to the Vatican 's insistence that Benedict played no role in blocking the removal of offending priests during his years as head of the Catholic Church 's doctrinal watchdog office .
The letter , signed by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , as he was then known , was typed in Latin and is part of years of correspondence between the Diocese of Oakland and the Vatican about the proposed defrocking of Rev. Stephen Kiesle .
The Vatican confirmed Friday that it was Ratzinger 's signature .
" The press office does n't believe it is necessary to respond to every single document taken out of context regarding particular legal situations , " Rev. Federico Lombardi said .
Another spokesman , Rev. Ciro Benedettini , said the letter showed no attempt at a coverup .
" The then Cardinal Ratzinger did n't cover up the case , but as the letter clearly shows , made clear the need to study the case with more attention , taking into account the good of all involved . "
The diocese recommended removing Kiesle from the priesthood in 1981 , the year Ratzinger was appointed to head the Vatican office that shared responsibility for disciplining abusive priests .
The case then languished for four years at the Vatican before Ratzinger finally wrote to Oakland Bishop John Cummins .
It was two more years before Kiesle was removed ; during that time he continued to do volunteer work with children through the church .
Pope feared ' detriment '
In the November 1985 letter , Ratzinger says the arguments for removing Kiesle are of " grave significance " but added that such actions required very careful review and more time .
He also urged the bishop to provide Kiesle with " as much paternal care as possible " while awaiting the decision , according to a translation by Thomas Habinek , chairman of the University of Southern California 's classics department .
But the future pope also said any decision to defrock Kiesle must take into account the " good of the universal church " and the " detriment that granting the dispensation can provoke within the community of Christ 's faithful , particularly considering the young age . "
Kiesle was 38 at the time .
Kiesle had been sentenced in 1978 to three years ' probation after pleading no contest to misdemeanour charges of lewd conduct for tying up and molesting two young boys in a San Francisco Bay area church rectory .
As his probation ended in 1981 , Kiesle asked to leave the priesthood and the diocese submitted papers to Rome to defrock him .
In his earliest letter to Ratzinger , Cummins warned that returning Kiesle to ministry would cause more of a scandal than stripping him of his priestly powers .
" It is my conviction that there would be no scandal if this petition were granted and that as a matter of fact , given the nature of the case , there might be greater scandal to the community if Father Kiesle were allowed to return to the active ministry , " Cummins wrote in 1982 .
California church officials wrote to Ratzinger at least three times to check on the status of Kiesle 's case and Cummins discussed the case with officials during a Vatican visit , according to correspondence .
At one point , a Vatican official wrote to say the file may have been lost and suggested resubmitting materials .
Diocese officials considered writing Ratzinger again after they received his 1985 response to impress upon him that leaving Kiesle in the ministry would harm the church , Rev. George Mockel wrote in a memo to the Oakland bishop .
" My own reading of this letter is that basically they are going to sit on it until Steve gets quite a bit older , " the memo said .
" Despite his young age , the particular and unique circumstances of this case would seem to make it a greater scandal if he were not laicized . "
Kiesle was ultimately stripped of his priestly powers on Feb. 13 , 1987 , though the documents do not indicate how or why .
They also do n't say what role — if any — Ratzinger had in the decision .
Voters approve of the Conservative - Liberal Democrat government so far , according to the first Guardian / ICM poll to be published since the general election .
There is also widespread support for changes to the electoral system , with people apparently sanguine about the prospect of further hung parliaments .
But today 's poll suggests the Lib Dems have suffered some damage after deciding to join the Tories in government , with almost a fifth of those who backed the party this month saying they might be less likely to do so in the future .
Support for the party has also dropped three percentage points since the general election , to 21 % – although that remains higher than in many pre-election ICM polls .
There is no sign of a widespread movement of Lib Dem voters to Labour , with most people who voted Lib Dem this month saying the decision to join the coalition would make no difference to their decision to support the party .
A quarter say it will actually make them more likely to vote Lib Dem .
In a theoretical immediate general election , both the Conservatives and Labour would gain ground .
Tory support is now 39 % , just over 2 points up on the election , while Labour support is 32 % , also two points higher .
Some of that support comes from the Lib Dems and some from other smaller parties , whose support is now two points lower than it was at the election .
There is also a notable gender gap : 25 % of women say they would vote Lib Dem now , against only 16 % of men .
Overall , 59 % of voters say they approve of the decision to form a coalition and 32 % oppose it .
Tory voters are most enthusiastic , with 81 % in favour and only 16 % against .
People who voted Lib Dem are slightly less keen about the deal that put the Conservative leader David Cameron in power , with 69 % in favour and 26 % against .
Labour voters are understandably less convinced , with 51 % against and 40 % in favour .
There is also a clear regional split : only 48 % of people in the north of England and Scotland approve of the deal , against 68 % in the south of England .
Well - off voters are also much more enthusiastic than the less well - off .
Many people are also optimistic about the new government 's prospects .
Overall , 54 % say they think it is likely to change Britain for the better , including 12 % who say it is very likely to do so , and 41 % disagree .
Tories are keenest , with 87 % saying the government will do the country good , compared with 62 % of Lib Dems and only 28 % of Labour voters .
Today 's poll , carried out after the coalition government published its constitutional reform agenda last week , suggests voters may approve a referendum on a switch to the alternative vote .
Even among Conservative supporters , only a narrow minority say they prefer first past the post .
Overall , 56 % of voters are in favour of a more proportional system , even if it means more hung parliaments , while 38 % are against .
Lib Dem voters are most keen on the change , with 76 % wanting to see a new system .
Labour voters are also narrowly in favour , with 55 % backing reform .
In a sign of possible future tension inside the coalition , slightly more Conservatives oppose change than support it .
While 45 % say they would like a new system , 49 % say they want to stick with first past the post .
But campaigners for electoral reform may draw comfort from the fact that opposition among Tory voters is not as high as among Tory MPs – almost all of whom are opposed .
ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1,001 adults aged 18 + by telephone on 21 - 23 May 2010 .
Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults .
ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules .
NEW YORK -- Mike Lowell believes the best thing that could happen to him is to be released by the Red Sox , and not only because he would then be free to go somewhere else where he would play .
He believes the Red Sox would be better off , too .
If it had been up to him , he said , he would have used David Ortiz even more than the Sox have , even though it would have cost him playing time .
" I literally eat up a roster spot , '' he said before stepping into the batting cage Tuesday afternoon .
" I literally do .
That 's the way it is .
" I do n't want to use [ asking for his release ] as leverage , it 's just the reality of the situation they 're in .
When Jacoby [ Ellsbury ] and [ Mike ] Cameron come back , who do I hit for ?
There will not be one person in the lineup .
" The first baseman [ Kevin Youkilis ] and the third baseman [ Adrian Beltre ] , they 're two Gold Glovers .
They never get batted for .
I refuse to wish injuries to good players .
That 's so [ expletive ] terrible .
I want to get playing time on my own .
" It 's not good or bad , it 's just reality .
It 's almost verbatim what I said in spring training .
I 'm not mad about my life .
I 'm just mad about the fact I put in a lot of work in the offseason to get where I am , and I 'm not playing . ''
So , why has n't something happened ?
The obvious economic component .
Release Lowell , and the Sox would be on the hook for all $ 12 million of his 2010 salary .
But the other reason -- having Lowell in reserve in case Ortiz is no longer a functional DH -- is losing its validity on a daily basis .
Ortiz is hitting again -- he has three home runs in his last four games , has six home runs , 14 RBIs and a .348 average this month -- so the Sox are no longer sitting him against left - handers .
Tuesday night , for example , he was in the lineup facing CC Sabathia , against whom he is the only Sox player to have gone deep more than once ( he 's done it twice ) .
So Lowell sits .
Since he excited the masses with a 4 - for - 4 performance ( three doubles ) on May 3 , when Ortiz was still in the throes of his slump , Lowell has made four starts .
He has three hits in 17 at - bats , two of them as a pinch hitter .
He worries about how the intermittent playing time is affecting his timing at the plate .
He frets about the pinch - hit at - bat he had last week in Toronto , for example , against Blue Jays reliever Scott Downs .
" I watched that at - bat afterward , and he missed three spots on the video , '' Lowell said .
" He gave me three pitches down the middle : a hanging curveball , a fastball right down the middle , and a slider that got a lot of the plate .
You know what happens ?
I foul all three off .
" If that happens , that 's fine , but that usually happens when you 're not going good .
So then , my consistency , I do n't know .
Is it more devalued ?
I got to believe it is . ''
Back in spring training , Lowell thought the Sox might use him to acquire a backup infielder or perhaps for some bullpen help , but that opportunity passed because he was still recovering from thumb surgery .
Now with teams having their rosters set , he 's not sure what he might bring back in a deal , or how much value another club might place on him .
" Now I do n't know what their [ Sox ] needs are , '' Lowell said .
" That 's not really my problem , either .
" I try to play well when I go in there .
Like I said , I wo n't ' wow ' you .
I wo n't wow you playing defense .
I wo n't wow you hitting .
I grind it out .
I 'll get you a base knock , hit a couple of homers .
I'm a producer that when [ I'm ] in there every day , at the end of the year you say , ' We got good production out of this guy . '
WASHINGTON — Employees of a federal agency that regulates offshore drilling — including some whose duties included inspecting offshore oil rigs — accepted sporting - event tickets , meals , and other gifts from oil and natural - gas companies and used government computers to view pornography , according to a new report by the Interior Department 's inspector general .
The report — published Tuesday on the inspector general 's website — describes a culture in which inspectors assigned to the Lake Charles , La. , office of the Minerals Management ...
This story is part of a special series that explores the global water crisis .
For more clean water news , photos , and information , visit National Geographic 's Freshwater Web site .
Your shampoo may seem harmless , but it could be contributing to the formation of a mysterious , cancer - causing substance , a new study says .
New research reveals that common household products such as shampoo can interact with disinfectants at U.S. wastewater treatment plants to form a little - studied class of cancer - causing substances .
These substances , called nitrosamines , can end up in drinking water , experts say .
Several nitrosamines , including the chemical NDMA , a focus of the new Yale study , are classified by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) as probable human carcinogens .
Nitrosamines form in small amounts when exposed to chloramine , the disinfectant of choice at the nation 's wastewater treatment plants .
The chemical — a combination of chlorine and ammonia — has been used increasingly in drinking water disinfection since the EPA set limits for better - known toxic substances that can arise from the use of chlorine , the traditional disinfectant .
Though inconclusive , the study suggests " it 's entirely possible that we 're producing more problems — and maybe even worse problems — with chloramines , " said David Reckhow , an environmental engineer at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst who was not involved in the new study .
Cost of Beauty ?
Nitrosamines are found in a wide variety of sources , including processed meats and tobacco smoke , but what sparks their formation in drinking water has long baffled scientists .
Past studies with cosmetics have hinted that substances called quaternary amines , which are also ingredients in household cleaning agents , may play a role in creating nitrosamines .
Other work has shown the drug ranitidine , a stomach acid reducer also known as Zantac , can be transformed into NDMA .
But those chemicals occur in trace concentrations in wastewater , and " ranitidine itself has not been detected as far as I know , " said study co-author William Mitch , a chemical engineer at Yale University .
" We started to think about chemicals that are used in high concentrations in consumer products . "
In search of more sources of nitrosamines , Mitch and his colleagues tested water at three treatment plants in Connecticut .
The team then analyzed the relative amounts of quaternary amines and nitrosamines before and after treatment with chloramine .
They also tested four common household products , chosen at random , for chemicals that readily form nitrosamines : Suave and Pantene shampoos , Dawn dishwashing soap , and Cheer laundry detergent .
Mixed Results
The researchers found that although sewage treatment plants remove some of the quaternary amines that form NDMA , quaternary amines are used in such large quantities that some may make it through the treatment process .
For example , if 80 percent of people in an area served by a treatment plant used a typical amount of Suave shampoo daily , that amount of shampoo would account for up to 3 percent of nitrosamines in the treated wastewater , the authors wrote .
Dawn detergent created 26 times more NDMA than Suave , according to the study in the January 19 edition of the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
Some products , such as Cheer laundry detergent and Pantene shampoo , did not form nitrosamines .
And the highly preliminary results do not indicate whether other brands of household products would .
Mitch said that while some quaternary amines might be removed during wastewater treatment , others might be biologically transformed into tertiary amines , which yield even higher amounts of nitrosamines .
" The problem is that we do n't know because many of these materials are polymeric , and current analytical techniques are not geared to measure polymer concentrations , " he said .
Polymers are molecules made up of chains of simple , repeated units .
" So at this point , it 's a suggestion , because we cannot measure polymeric quaternary amines to demonstrate a link . "
Do n't Pee in the Pool ?
Mitch said the combination of disinfectants and quaternary amines can occur in places other than treatment plants — when different household cleaners are combined , for instance , or in swimming pools .
" In fact , we measured nitrosamine concentrations in swimming pools , and the precursors are either consumer products or human waste , " he said , referring to the fact that people sometimes urinate in pools .
Those results were published in 2008 in the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
Yet no regulations exist so far in the United States — the University of Massachusetts '
Reckhow said it 's not unusual for regulations to lag behind scientific discovery .
" There ’s no way of getting around that , end even the science is n’t really sure " about the consequences of combining chloramination at treatment plants with household products , he said .
Still , the work represents an important step , said Susan Richardson , a research chemist with the National Exposure Research Laboratory in Athens , Georgia , who was not involved in the research .
PARIS —
As an increasingly large part of European airspace was shut down for the third day on Saturday and the towering fountain of ash from an Icelandic volcano showed no signs of letting up , questions about the long - term impact of the eruption were being raised in a continent trying to recover from recession .
With airports closed from Ireland to Ukraine , officials expressed hope that some air travel could resume Sunday , or possibly Monday , but the workings of Iceland ’s volcano were too mysterious to make rational predictions about it .
Winds pushed the particulate ash farther south and east on Saturday , as far as northern Italy .
About 17,000 flights were canceled Saturday , and travelers scrambled to find accommodation or land routes home during what is already the worst disruption in international air travel since the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , when all air travel in and out of the United States was halted for three days .
While the closing of the airways has already laid waste to the immediate plans and business of industry , the arts and world leaders , the possibility that it could drag on for days , if not weeks , is raising concerns about the longer term consequences for public health , military operations and the world economy .
Free domain registration must be used within the first 3 months .
In order to qualify for one free domain registration credit for the first full year , you must sign up for a 1 - year or 3 - year annual plan on Starter Shared , Unlimited Shared , or any annual DreamPress plan ( monthly Shared or monthly DreamPress plans do not apply ) .
This free credit is NOT available under any other hosting plan .
You must also use the free registration within the first 3 months of your annual Shared / DreamPress plan .
If you do not use the free registration within the first 3 months , then it 's no longer available to use .
Free domain registration credit is only valid on the following extensions : . BLOG , .CLUB , .COM , .INFO , .NET , .ONLINE , .ORG , . SHOP , . TECH , .XYZ , . STORE , .LINK , .DESIGN , .ME
Aug 19 , 2009 13:00:25
Fat Cat Squinting with Absurd Things On His Head will Somehow Melt Your Heart
( This article was originally posted in Japanese at 09:00 Aug. 16 , 2009 )
There are gazillions of cute - little - kitten - pictures out there on the Internet , but not so many fat cat pics , it seems .
Shiro is one of those rare grown - up slightly - on - the - chubby - side cat who gained celebrity status , melting hearts all over Japan with his trademark squint , while balancing all kind of odd stuff on his head .
Pics after the cut !
The weight of the cabbage falls square on his shoulder .
This must be the most extravagant cat - hairdo ever , to say nothing of the basket .
Magnolia flowering .
Plum blossoming on his head .
A rare shot with his eyes open .
Slightly .
Bit of a tight squeeze here .
The walnut somehow manages to look quite heavy .
Is he cooked ?
Or just taking a good soak ?
Squinting despite of his glasses .
Going incognito .
His name Shiro means " White " in Japanese , and he 's quite a celebrity with two photo books published .
You can see more pics on his official blog .
Kagoneko Blog - RAKUTEN BLOG
http://plaza.rakuten.co.jp/kagonekoshiro/
Kagoneko Blog
http://kagonekoshiro.blog86.fc2.com/
Related Posts :
“ Godzilla 5th Form Pattern ” is more than amazing , with Kamata , Shinagawa , Kamakura Form Figures - GIGAZINE
Interview with Mamoru Oshii : Details of Releasing “ The Next Generation - Patlabor - ” Director ’s Cut - GIGAZINE
Highway Night Bus “ COCOON ” by WILLER EXPRESS Secures Private Spaces For All Passengers - GIGAZINE
“ Nissin Cup Noodles Matcha Seafood Flavor ” Review : What Does Green Noodle Taste Like ?
- GIGAZINE
Interview with Fumito Ueda , “ The Last Guardian ” Game Director and Designer - GIGAZINE
Cuter Than Thou : Ferret VS Kitten Cuddly War - GIGAZINE
Cloud the Kung Fu Bear from Hiroshima Becomes YouTube Hit ! - GIGAZINE
Neko Yakuza : The Formidable Clan of Outlaw Cats in Japan - GIGAZINE
Echo is a platform for building web - based applications that approach the capabilities of rich clients .
The applications are developed using a component - oriented and event - driven API , eliminating the need to deal with the " page - based " nature of browsers .
To the developer , Echo works just like a user interface toolkit .
The latest iteration , Echo3 , features the ability to write applications in either server - side Java or client - side JavaScript .
Server - side applications run in any Java Servlet Container and do not require developer knowledge of HTML , HTTP , or JavaScript .
Client - side JavaScript - based applications do not require any server at all , but can of course communicate with one via XML or JSON over HTTP .
Cross - platform AJAX technology is used for rendering , and no browser plugins are required .
Echo is open - source software , licensed under the Mozilla Public License .
What 's new in Echo3 ?
Echo3 nearly retains the API of Echo2 for end developers , but provides a new web container layer that offers superior performance and extensibility .
The new web container also provides the capability to write Echo applications entirely in client - side JavaScript using an API patterned after that of server - side Echo ( using the client API is entirely optional , Echo3 applications may also be written entirely in server - side Java ) .
For more information on the major changes , see the Echo3 Feature List .
Shoes are the new turnables .
Or at least that ’s the conclusion you might reach after watching a new Japanese campaign for Nike ’s Free Run+ running shoes .
Apparently wishing to tout the bendable qualities of its new footwear , Nike enlisted sound artists to transform its product into a musical instrument .
The shoes get plugged in , switched on , and mixed up , battle - style , as they sense when the shoe is flexed or moved in space .
And yes , everything you see in the video is real : the shoes really are controlling digital sound live .
We even have the Max patch to prove it .
Lovers of experimental sound art will immediately recognize one of the Shoe - Js : it ’s Daito Manabe , a bleeding - edge sound artist and alternative interface guru with a background in turntablism .
I spoke to Daito , and convinced him to share the software that makes the project tick .
Daito says he used flex sensors ( see examples ) and accelerometers to make the shoes interactive .
He then processed the control signal and converted it to sound using the modular visual programming environment Max / MSP and Ableton ’s Max for Live .
( For another example and other resources , you can check out the article I wrote for Make Magazine issue 8 , in which I stuffed flex sensors into a sock monkey and connected it via MIDI . )
What ’s striking to me about the Max patch is its elegance .
For all the power of these interactive environments , sometimes they ’re at the best when you do something really simple .
In this case , that frees up someone like Daito to focus on the performance aspect .
Screen captures from Ableton Live , Max / MSP courtesy the artist .
Click for larger versions .
Here ’s what Daito had to say about the project .
It does n’t hurt that the whole team does such nice work :
The agency is W+K Tokyo .
Hardware programming is by Tomoaki Yanagisawa ( 4nchor5 La6 )
and software and sound programming is by me .
My patch is not interesting at all ..
Ed. : I respectfully disagree ; see above comment – sometimes performing a simple task is the strength of a tool like Max .
- PK I used max for serial communication between the shoes ( arduino ) and a macbookpro ,
and max for live sound .
The serial part crashed many times ,
so I separated serial part and sound part .
I use OSC and midi for communication between max and maxforlive .
For making and triggering sound ,
I used simple msp patches and Ableton ’s sampler
and I used some effects in Ableton live .
The effects are also controlled by the shoes .
The sound settings are a bit strange .
We did n’t need to use a loop machine
because we used Ableton live , but
everything was decided at the last minute ,
so we used the loop machine for sampling and looping ( i think it was roland machine ) I hope people think it is not fake 🙂
I actually like the impromptu feel .
That ’s usually the sort of thing the advertisers want .
( Oh , look !
An abandoned tunnel !
Open the vodka !
Text your friends !
Let ’s have a disco !
Wow , everyone we know is a model ! )
Of course , in this case , some of the sense of “ let ’s set up some shoes and make digital music ” is just as improvised as it looks .
And this clip is making the rounds , because my Dad sent it to me !
Somewhere , Charlie Chaplin smiles .
See also ( for coverage of this and many other wonderful things ) :
CreativeApplications.net
Be sure to check out Daito ’s other work ; he ’s done some really beautiful sound art and interactive pieces , and his site is full of inspiring ideas :
http://www.daito.ws/#5
Signal flow for the Nike musical shoes .
An interview with Daito from a few years ago for Max / MSP developer Cycling ’ 74 reveals some of his background in turntablism .
He ’s also known for body hacks , like making music with parts of his face .
Thirteen protestors were arrested Thursday , May 20 , when they refused to leave Sen.
Richard Durbin‘s Chicago office until he agreed to sign a pledge to openly advocate for a transgender - inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination Act .
Durbin is the Senate assistant majority leader and has previously supported the Defense of Marriage Act and the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
While he is a cosponsor of ENDA , Durbin has not indicated that gender identity and expression protections must be included in this legislation .
The protestors — who are Durbin ’s constituents and members of LGBT Change , Join The Impact Chicago and the Gay Liberation Network — were told he does not sign pledges and then asked to leave the senator ’s office .
When they refused , they were arrested .
Support the protestors by telling Durbin to fiercely advocate for ENDA by signing their petition .
so it looks like the guy in the ' yota s running interference for the two - wheeler ...
At one point it looked like he was back down on all four and then he 's back up , anyone catch how he got back up ?
Or am I just confused by the sea of light colored SUVs ?
Just a tease , Stay tuned :
Part I : How David Chase killed Tony Soprano :
A look at the directing and editing in the final scene and the “ Never hear it Happen ” concept laid out by David Chase .
Plus a closer look at why the other theories about the end just do n’t hold up .
Part II : What does
Tony ’s death mean ?
How the themes of the final season and all 86 hours of the show lead to a family dinner in a small diner in New Jersey .
Part III : The Symbology of Holstens .
Part IV : The final season and “ The Godfather ” .
Part V : How 9/11 , terrorism and the U.S. war in Iraq unlock the keys to the final scene in Holstens .
Part VI : Miscellaneous “ Fun Stuff ” that could only be created by David Chase .
Part VII : “ The Public Enemy ” and “ Goodfellas ” influence on the end of The Sopranos .
May 24 , 2010 - TF2 Team
After slaving away for over a year , the fine folks at Polycount have unveiled their new community site for video game artwork .
Given that a year is roughly the time it takes for us to post a blog update , you can imagine our immediate and deeply - held suspicion that they probably used magic .
Possibly black magic .
I wo n't bore you with the details , but long story short , we immediately raced to their office , armed with holy water and fire , to confront them .
Several police officers informed us that we were mistaken , and then made us apologize to the wizards , and then made us stop calling them wizards .
At any rate , to help celebrate , we 've teamed up with them to run The Polycount Pack contest .
Whether you 're a modeler who 's submitted work to the Contribute page already , or a beginner looking for a great community to give you useful feedback , this contest is the thing you 're looking for .
And guess what :
If you 're not a modeler , you 're even luckier .
Why ?
You do n't have to do anything at all , and you 'll still be getting free content from suckers your fellow players .
Remember , if you see someone carrying one of these " self - made " items , make sure you thank them for their work !
( But then , of course , shoot them . )
Computers are easier to use and more dependable with each new generation of hardware and operating system update , but that does n't mean they 're problem - free .
Here 's a look at the five most popular tools for troubleshooting your computer problems .
Advertisement
Photo a composite of images by jimrhoda and Axonite .
Earlier this week we asked you to share your favorite diagnostic tool .
Below , we 've rounded up the top five answers , and now we 're back to highlight the most popular computer diagnostic tools among Lifehacker readers .
Advertisement
Best Computer Diagnostic Tool ?
Computers have ( happily ) advanced to the point where we spend more time getting work done on them …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If things have n't gotten bad enough that you 're forced to take refuge with a Live CD , SIW is a Windows - based diagnostic tool that can help you get to the bottom of things .
SIW is incredibly detailed in its analysis , next to nothing is left uncatalogued from the timings of your memory modules to the DLL files loaded to what applications you have set to autorun at startup .
Even if you 're not currently experiencing any computer issues , SIW gives you a really interesting peek inside your computer .
Advertisement
Hiren 's BootCD is an impressive toolkit rolled into one packed DOS - based Live CD .
Sporting over a hundred separate diagnostic and repair tools , Hiren 's BootCD can help you do everything from diagnose a memory problem to clone a disk to speed test your video card .
If you can't find out what is wrong with your computer after running through all the tools on Hiren 's BootCD the diagnostic answer you may end up at is " Time to buy a new computer . "
A note about Hiren 's BootCD : many of the diagnostic tools gathered on the disc are abandonware or older versions of still produced commercial software .
The legal status of Hiren 's BootCD is murky so Hiren does n't directly host the disc image himself .
You 'll need to search Google to find locations like here and here where the disc is hosted .
If you 're not comfortable with murky areas of Hiren 's method for assembling the boot disc , you 'll find plenty of other excellent boot discs in this Hive Five that contain only freeware and open - source software .
Advertisement
Your first reaction to the phrase " computer diagnostic tool " might not be " Google ! " , but every computer diagnosis begins with the user wondering what the error code or chain of events leading up to the error means .
We 've solved countless problems around the Lifehacker office by simply plugging in an error code or describing the problem in common terms and letting Google do the heavy lifting .
Google tirelessly kicks back thousands of web pages , forum posts , and even old Usenet postings to help you drill down to your specific issue .
Your favorite search engine is n't necessarily a diagnostic tool in the traditional sense , but it should be the first place you stop whenever you have a computer issue .
Many of the solutions we 've found over the years using Google were extremely specific and pointed us towards using a just - for - that - problem application or tweak we would have never found otherwise .
Advertisement
You 'll find no shortage of Live CDs for Linux distributions , but Ubuntu has a particularly user - friendly Live CD and many people have experience with Ubuntu outside of diagnostic work , both make an Ubuntu Live CD extra appealing .
You can use an Ubuntu Live CD to test your computer 's memory , recover data , or scan your computer for viruses among other tasks .
Live CDs are great for giving you a platform to work off of independently of your troubled system and an Ubuntu Live CD has the benefit of an enormous community of Ubuntu users and all the accompanying how - to guides and information .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you 're a Windows user and you 're not comfortable going back to your roots with a DOS - based boot disc and you definitely do n't feel comfortable with a Linux one then UBCD4 Win is just what you 're looking for .
UBCD4
Win's strongest selling point is the stripped down version of Windows XP — Windows PE — which makes it dead simple for Windows users to jump in and start using the numerous diagnostic tools on UBCD4 Win .
When your version of Windows is flaking out on you , it 's comforting to jump into a Live CD version of Windows to continue your diagnostic work without having to mess around with the nuances of using a Linux Live CD .
Now that you 've had a chance to look over the top contenders for best diagnostic tool , it 's time to cast your vote in the poll below :
Advertisement
Have a favorite diagnostic tip , trick , tool , or tech support site you want to give a shout out ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Have an idea for the next Hive Five ?
Drop us an email at tips@lifehacker.com with " Hive Five " in the subject line .
Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner is the favourite science fiction film of scientists , according to a poll for the Guardian .
Second and third places went to Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey and the first two films of the original Star Wars trilogy .
Scott 's film , based loosely Philip K Dick 's short story , Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? , presents a dystopian vision of a future Los Angeles in which a policeman is hunting four illegal androids .
" Blade Runner is the best movie ever made , " said Dr Stephen Minger , stem cell biologist at King 's College London .
" It was so far ahead of its time and the whole premise of the story - what is it to be human and who are we , where we come from ?
It 's the age - old questions . "
Professor Chris Frith , of the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College , London , was impressed by the way the film used science as an integral part of its narrative .
The Voight - Kampff empathy test , for example , is used by the police in the film to differentiate androids - who have memories implanted and are programmed with artificial emotions - from humans .
" The Voight - Kampff empathy test is not far away from the sort of thing that cognitive neuroscientists are actually doing today , " said Prof Frith .
Kubrick 's 2001 was praised by scientists for its bold vision on the evolution of humanity .
Aubrey Manning , emeritus professor of natural history at Edinburgh , pointed to " the brilliance of the simulations - still never done better despite all the modern computer graphics .
The brilliance of using Brazilian tapirs as ' prehistoric animals ' .
The brilliance of the cut from the stick as club , to the space shuttle .
Kubrick declaring that once tool use begins - the rest is inevitable .
Hal : the first of the super computers with its honeyed East Coast establishment voice . "
The poll also established Isaac Asimov as the scientists ' favourite science fiction author .
He was praised for making the science in his books understandable .
" Unlike a lot of sci - fi writers , Asimov knew how to explain the science , and was a great populariser of real science , " said Professor Mark Brake , a science communication lecturer at Glamorgan University .
" But what sets him aside is that he was also masterful at documenting human responses to scientific progress . "
John Wyndham , author of The Day of The Triffids , and Fred Hoyle , author of The Black Cloud , were second and third favourite writers .
Top sci - fi authors
1 Isaac Asimov
2 John Wyndham
3 Fred Hoyle
4 Philip K Dick
5 HG Wells
Top five sci- fi films
1 Blade Runner ( 1982 )
2 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
3 Star Wars ( 1977 ) / The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 )
4 Alien ( 1979 )
5 Solaris ( 1972 )
