Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Metropolitan Police officer accused of striking a woman with a metal baton at a G20 protest has been cleared .
Sgt Delroy Smellie denied common assault on Nicola Fisher , 36 , of Brighton , during the protest in Exchange Square , London , in April 2009 .
The officer told City of Westminster Magistrates '
Court he feared objects in her hand were weapons .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said Sgt Smellie could still face police disciplinary action .
Prosecution ' failed ' District Judge Daphne Wickham found no evidence had been provided to show use of the baton was not measured or correct .
She said : " It was for the prosecution to prove this defendant was not acting in lawful self - defence .
" The prosecution has failed in this respect and the defendant has raised the issue of lawful self - defence and as such is entitled to be acquitted . "
ANALYSIS Dominic Casciani , BBC
News home affairs reporter
The trial of Sergeant Delroy Smellie came down to one question :
At one point can an officer use force ?
The law is quite simple in this area and is designed to allow people who have used force to argue that it was legitimate .
That means police officers can use force - including in some situations lethal force .
The level of force deployed has to be reasonable in the specific circumstances of the moment and the prosecution have to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the individual was not in genuine fear for his safety .
The police watchdog received 296 complaints about officers involved in the G20 protests - and 83 of these were allegations of excessive force .
Nicola Fisher 's complaint grabbed the headlines because of the footage - but the G20 row is , however , far from over .
Prosecutors have spent some six months looking at the death of Ian Tomlinson .
They are yet to decide whether to charge any officers over that incident .
The judge said Sgt Smellie had a " mere seven seconds " to act when Ms Fisher ran in front of him hurling abuse at a vigil held on 2 April to mark the death of newspaper seller Ian Tomlinson at a previous demonstration .
Mr Tomlinson , 47 , died after he was pushed to the ground by a police officer during clashes on 1 April .
He had been walking home from work and was not part of the demonstration .
Judge Wickham watched video footage of the incident and looked at numerous photographs before coming to a decision on the case , which was heard without a jury .
She said circumstances meant the officer was not able to use CS gas and could not call for help from the police cordon .
She pointed out that Sgt Smellie had deliberately bent his knees to hit Ms Fisher on her legs , causing a " transient flesh wound " .
Judge Wickham added : " I am satisfied he honestly believed it was necessary to use force to defend himself . "
Ms Fisher , who did not give evidence at the trial because she feared her lifestyle may be raised by the defence , said she was " disappointed " by the verdict .
She added : " I 'm just glad it 's all over .
It has been a nightmare .
" I stand by what I said . "
Thumbs up The Crown Prosecution Service had claimed Sgt Smellie lost composure because of Ms Fisher 's aggressive behaviour .
It argued he was justified in pushing her back and striking her with the back of his hand but claimed he went too far by striking her with an extendable metal baton .
Ms Fisher was left with severe bruising to her leg .
The incident was later viewed by thousands on internet video sharing website YouTube .
Ms Fisher was left with two bruises on her leg Sgt Smellie smiled and gave two thumbs up to his supporters as he was cleared .
The experienced officer , who had claimed he mistook a juice carton in Ms Fisher 's hand for a weapon , had always maintained his actions were proportionate .
He refused to comment on the outcome of the case , saying : " I do n't think so , I have got a reputation to protect . "
Deborah Glass , of the Independent Police Complaints Commission , said Sgt Smellie could still face Metropolitan Police misconduct proceedings .
She said : " People were understandably concerned when footage of this incident was played on the internet and it is right that the actions of the officer were put before a court .
" Following today 's decision , we will submit our report to the Met for their consideration in relation to any appropriate misconduct sanctions . "
Sgt Smellie , who was suspended during the trial , has been reinstated and can go back on duty , Scotland Yard said .
A spokesman said : " When we have seen the IPCC 's recommendations we will consider whether any misconduct proceedings are appropriate . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A couple of days ago we wrote about Opera Mini for the iPhone , a somewhat odd step for Opera as Apple is unlikely to ever approve the app ( since it duplicates Safari 's functionality ) .
While Opera was obviously making a statement with that move , in reality it can survive without the iPhone ; in fact , Opera Mini is one of the most popular mobile browsers out there .
The latest number to support this claim is 50 million active users .
Opera Mini was launched in 2006 and had a somewhat slow start ; it took it nearly two and a half years to reach the first 10 million ; in the last couple of months , however , it has been growing a lot faster .
According to Opera , Mini has grown 150 % from January 2009 , when it had 20 million monthly unique users , to 50 million monthly unique users in January 2010 .
To try out Opera Mini , you need a Java ME - enabled phone ; you can find the latest version over at the official Opera Mini site .
The recent Supreme Court ruling protecting the First Amendment rights of Americans , even if they are corporations or labor unions , causes many of us to pause to think about the nature of corporations and similar organizational structures .
Corporations are merely groups of people .
Corporations have no rights that people do n’t have , but they also do n’t lose the rights that people have .
If I have a right and you have a right , and we get together to exercise those rights , we do n’t suddenly lose those rights just because we are exercising them together .
This principle is known as Freedom of Association .
In NAACP v. Alabama , the United States Supreme Court rules that the freedom of association is an essential component of freedom of speech .
This is true because , in many cases , because , in many cases , people can engage in effective speech only when they join with others .
I am not wealthy enough to buy television airtime on my own , but if I join with hundreds of other people like myself , we can buy television airtime .
Oftentimes , a corporation is only one person .
Many bloggers incorporate so that they can more easily deduct the costs of their home offices .
Under the laws which the Supreme Court overturned , any blogger who criticized a politician within six days of an election was subject to a felony conviction and up to five years in prison .
Corporations are people .
Like people , corporations can do bad things — but only when people within them choose to do bad things .
Here are four examples of corporations behaving badly :
Mattel lobbies for lead - testing requirements for toys — in order to drive their smaller competitors out of business .
Wal - Mart lobbies for higher minimum wages and mandatory employer - provided healthcare — in order to drive their smaller competitors out of business .
The American Council of Life Insurers lobbies to retain the death tax — in order to preserve their enormously profitable estate planning business .
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbies for government managed health care — in order to keep drug prices high .
But what do all of these examples have in common ?
Government — they all require the collusion of government with big business .
Without politicians and bureaucrats doling out billions in taxpayer dollars , these companies would have no motivation for behaving badly .
If the government stuck to it ’s enumerated powers , not of this would be an issue .
The way to deal with poorly behaving corporations is n’t to restrict their right to free speech — those terrible examples of corporate behavior all occurred before the Supreme Court affirmed the First Amendment rights of associations .
The way to deal with such poor behavior is to quit rewarding it .
If we the people refuse to elect politicians who give our money to every corporate lobbyist who hides $ 10,000 in their freezers , we will have nothing to fear from free speech .
The corporations are the symptom , but the real problem is out - of - control government power .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
-- Will .
Spencer
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A California sushi chef and the restaurant in which he worked have been charged with illegally serving meat from an endangered Sei whale , the Justice Department said on Thursday .
Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , 45 , and the parent company of the popular restaurant The Hump in Santa Monica were charged late on Wednesday with violating the Marine Mammal Protection
Act which makes it illegal to sell any kind of whale meat .
The case stemmed from informants who ordered whale meat at the restaurant in October 2009 and evolved into a sting operation by U.S. wildlife and customs officials who observed whale meat being served at the restaurant last week .
“ Someone should not be able to walk into a restaurant and order a plate of an endangered species , ” U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said in a statement .
According to an affidavit filed with the criminal complaint , two confidential informants last week ordered whale meat during a sting operation while wildlife and customs officers sat at the sushi bar observing .
The sushi chef went to a car in the parking lot and brought a package of meat back into the restaurant where he opened it at the sushi bar and sliced the meat to serve , according to the document .
After initially ignoring questions from a customer at the sushi bar about the meat , “ a customer to the right of the ( official ) then asked the sushi chef about the meat product , and the sushi chef quietly said that it was ‘ whale , ’ ” the affidavit said .
The plate of whale meat was then delivered to the two informants ’ table .
A lawyer for the restaurant and chef was not immediately available for comment .
The charge carries a penalty of up to one year in prison and fines of up to $ 100,000 for individuals and $ 200,000 for organizations .
The case is USA v. Typhoon Restaurant dba The Hump Restaurant and Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , Central District of California .
Los Angeles has proposed a new water management law that would require rainwater harvesting on all new homes , large developments , as well as on some redevelopment projects .
The Department of Public Works unanimously approved the new ordinance in January for the increasingly parched region .
It requires various methods to capture , reuse or infiltrate all of the rainwater runoff that is generated by a 3/4 inch rainstorm .
These rain barrels have been made from recycled cherry containers .
Sustainable Water Management Is Our Future
In addition to encouraging the use of rain storage tanks , builders would be required to use other low - cost and sensible water management methods ; these include simple measures , like diverting rainfall to gardens , constructed infiltration swales , mulch and permeable pavement , all of which will help to sustainably direct the rain directly where it falls .
Any builders who are unable to manage 100 % of a project ’s runoff on - site would be required to pay a penalty of $ 13 a gallon for the water that is not safely redirected .
This fee will help to fund sustainable off - site water management projects .
Not only will Los Angeles ’ new ordinance help to recycle our planet ’s most precious resource , it will also help to keep polluted urban water out of our increasingly acidic seas .
The Board of Public Works Commissioner Paula Daniels , who initially drafted the ordinance last July , explained that the new requirements would prevent over 104 million gallons of polluted urban runoff from ending up in the ocean .
Daniels ’ work is also informed by having served on the California Coastal Commission .
Designing water management systems which help to control rainwater runoff at its local source , with a variety of small , cost - effective natural systems , instead of massive expensive and inefficient chemically intensive treatment facilities , is very smart planning .
In drought - stricken southern California , this proposed regulation truly demonstrates visionary leadership .
Water recycling and more sustainable water management practices are an inevitable part of our future .
Childrenshome Village of Hope in Ain Leuh Morocco
Ain Leuh Village of Hope is committed to providing a loving and caring community of families for children God will bring to us , offering security and hope , and enabling them to be fully integrated into the larger Moroccan community .
1
Sabahs Story
The local doctor said she would n’t survive .
Her young birth mother said that Sabah was one month old , but when she decided to leave her at VoH , Sabah only weighed 1.5kg .
She was badly malnourished , and her arms were only the thickness of an adult ’s index finger .
She had to be fed every two hours and Sabah ’s foster parents had to keep her next to them at all times so that their body heat could keep her warm enough to survive .
She was so tiny and weak , she did n’t even have the energy to cry .
But because of the love and dedication of her foster parents , Sabah did survive .
Sabah is 6 - years old now .
She has big brown eyes , long eyelashes and beautiful long curly hair .
She has a sweet , bubbly voice , and always has something to say .
Now she has lots of energy .
She likes to help around the house , and do baking with her big sisters .
Sabah loves playing with her friends Noura and Yasmina , and has no trouble keeping up with her three brothers .
She also has a Mummy and Daddy who love her very much , and who had committed their lives to giving her a future and a hope , so that she could know the love of parents and a family .
On 8 March 2010 , her parents and her big brother and big sisters were separated from Sabah and deported from Morocco against their will .
Sabah ’s family just wants to be with her and her brothers again .
To give her the hugs and cuddles that she needs , to provide for her so that she can continue to grow and learn .
To be a family .
The surprise is n't that formerly popular Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is going independent , but that it took him so long to realize what was blatantly obvious last year .
So the word is out : Crist is telling key financial backers that he 's running for senate with no party affiliation .
The announcement is scheduled for 5 p.m. in Straub Park in downtown St Petersburg .
They 're expecting a small army of media , and it looks like Crist may have no Republican press staffers with him , and will rely on folks like local supporter Greg Truax and finance director Dane Eagle to deal with press inquiries .
Let 's hope we see some of this :
ALLEN : Crist has always been a prodigious fundraiser , but questions about a possible independent candidacy have left many big donors uneasy .
After his veto of the education bill last week , some longtime allies , such as former Senator Connie Mack , pulled their endorsements .
Yesterday , Florida 's former State Republican Chairman Al Cardenas , issued his own appeal to Crist to either stay in the GOP primary or drop out of the race .
He says the party has done a lot to help Crist over the years , and now stands to lose a lot if he runs as an Independent .
Democrats , Cardenas notes , had been gaining in Florida , and now have built more than a 700,000 voter registration edge over Republicans .
Mr. AL CARDENAS ( Former State Chairman , Republican Party ) :
We need to rebuild our party .
And if a governor who 's so well - known and liked by many decides to run as an independent , it would have serious long - term negative effects on our party .
Yup , let 's certainly hope so .
Guest Author · February 11th , 2010
Thanks to George Zachary , a partner at Charles River Ventures , for sponsoring Venture Hacks this week .
If you like this post , check out George ’s blog and tweets @georgezachary .
– Nivi
Why should you read this post ?
So you know what questions to ask your potential investors about their investors ( their limited partners ) .
You need to understand how your investors are compensated , how they ’re motivated , and how they ’ll act in critical situations — so you know if you and your investor ’s commitments are well aligned .
By the end of this two - part post I ’ll provide a list of questions to ask investors to help determine if they ’re the right investors for you .
This post focuses on the history of venture capital .
The second post will focus on the present and future of venture capital and how it will affect startups .
Some say that startups should raise smart money but not dumb money .
Others say all the money is green , so there ’s no difference .
The issue is more complex than that .
And this complexity involves the capital sources that your investors use as well as the terms of their agreements with limited partners ( LPs ) .
Angels invest their own money , VCs invest their LP’s
Venture capital firms have limited partners .
These limited partners come in all shapes and sizes from all over the world .
And in turn these limited partners are frequently entities that are funnels for other sources of money .
Traditionally , angel investors were individuals that would use their own personal capital to make an investment .
Recently , “ seed stage ” venture firms have emerged that have between one to three partners .
These seed stage firms are usually backed by institutional limited partners or even by venture firms .
They are really small venture firms that present more like angels because there are usually one or two partners running the seed stage firm .
To understand how these angel and VCs roles came to be , we need to look back in history .
1960 ’s and 1970’s : LPs realize they can seek alpha in VC
Let ’s go all the way back to the 1960 ’s and 1970 ’s — early days in technology angel and venture investing .
There were very few venture firms at the time .
Most of them were formed by former technology executives who had had enough of operating but wanted to stay involved in startups .
So they took some of the cash they made during their operating careers and started investing in companies that were in their work or social domain .
And soon , corporate financial services and university endowments realized that these former execs - turned - angel investors had good instincts about which companies to invest in .
Meanwhile , these corporate financial services and university endowments started to apply financial asset allocation theories to their portfolio .
It ’s well known in financial theory that the allocation of capital in a fund across asset classes is the single most important decision that affects the fund ’s return and volatility .
In addition to having investments in liquid public equities , they also had investments in oil & gas funds , real estate , commodities , and other asset classes .
These endowments ( the early limited partners ) started looking for “ alpha ” so they could outperform other limited - partner managers .
So they created a new asset class with the highly descriptive name of “ Alternative Assets . ”
The LPs saw that angel investors and early venture firms made some spectacular returns .
For example , MCI and Amgen came out of early small funds like Charles River Ventures and Genentech came out of Kleiner Perkins .
So the LPs got smart and said , “ Aha , let ’s allocate some of our alternative investments to venture capital . ”
In a way , it became the asset they could invest in to differentiate their performance from their competition .
And to also earn a healthy bonus for themselves for “ winning . ”
These financial services companies and endowments would back these angel investors in a firm structure that usually took the form of a limited partnership — which , not incidentally , is totally different than an operating company .
A limited partnership has limited partners and general partners ; the limited partners are the major sources of capital .
Historically , the limited partners would get 80 % of the fund ’s returns and the general partners would get 20 % .
The funds were small — for example , Charles River Ventures was $ 5 M in 1970 and Kleiner Perkins was $ 7 M .
Most of the capital came from the limited partners .
General partners would typically get a 2 % annual management fee .
At that time , venture firms had small headcounts and the 2 % fee on the small fund was used to cover business expenses like rent , travel , administrative staff , and meals .
The fees were not a way to earn a living .
And through the 1970 ’s , venture capital marginally outperformed the horrific public market .
Early 1980’s : Weak public markets tighten VC money
In the early 1980s , the 15 - year public equity disaster came to an end .
The public market literally went sideways from 1966 to 1981 .
If you invested $ 1 in the public stock market in 1966 , you would have $ 1 in 1981 .
Worse , if you accounted for inflation , you only had 70 cents !
Because of the weak public market , startup valuations were low and investment syndicates were a must .
Founders looked for deep pockets , not just easy pockets .
In short , money was tight , not a commodity .
Investors were concerned that there would be few exits and worried that , even if companies became cash flow - generating businesses , they would n’t necessarily become high margin , high value companies .
A whole host of terms became important in the term sheet like redemption rights , dividends , and participating preferred .
1982 : Low interest rates and successful technology companies lead LPs to invest even more in VC
Starting in 1982 , interest rates fell from 15 % + to 5 % , paving the way for a lot of available capital as well as a lot of profit generation .
These profits fed back to limited partners , who , in turn , pumped the profits back into venture capital through their “ alternative assets ” allocation , which was now 5 % of their manageable funds .
So the terms of limited partner ’s investments in venture firms loosened up a bit , which also permitted venture firms to loosen up the terms of their investments into startups .
At the same time , technology companies like Apple and Microsoft were printing money .
It was in the air that technology companies would disrupt and create new industries .
And our government was printing actual paper money and creating a lot of debt to fund the deficits spurred by high defense spending and other spending .
So there was a lot of new liquid capital .
All this extra capital boosted the size of venture funds .
There were serious and large limited partners that wanted to place a lot of capital into these well - performing venture funds .
These limited partners were university endowments , insurance companies , charitable foundations , as well as “ fund - of - funds , ” which were channels that would pool the capital of small limited partners that did n’t have the capital base or reach to invest in these venture firms .
1982–2000 : $ 120B goes into venture firms in 2000 alone
Meanwhile , the 1980s and 1990s marched on , with the public market taking off and seeing an annualized 18 % return into 2000 .
Limited partners were also happy because they were getting good returns , and venture firms were growing and specializing by domain .
By 1996 , venture firms had total capital of $ 12B + and the average venture fund was about $ 120 M .
In the next four years , the public market went ballistic and became a huge bubble .
This was partly a social phenomenon , but it was also because of the Fed , which provided easy money at low interest rates .
Also , the Fed , fearing a market collapse caused by Y2 K problems , was pumping the market with liquidity in 1999 .
Valuations on the private market skyrocketed across all stages and private companies were raising capital at billion dollar valuations fairly early in their development .
The time frame also accelerated : investments were made within days to weeks and diligence was measured in days .
By 2000 , limited partner ’s returns were turbocharged and top venture firms saw annualized returns of more than 200 % — far in excess of the public market .
In fact , from 1995 to 2000 , a total of $ 180B was invested into venture capital and approximately $ 325B was returned to limited partners .
And what did the limited partners do ?
They put in more money .
In fact , they invested $ 120B into venture capital firms in 2000 , a tenfold increase in five years .
Limited partners were very happy with their returns from venture firms and did whatever it took to place their capital into these firms .
It was like a feeding frenzy to raise a fund .
My partners and I raised a $ 300 M fund in three weeks during that period .
It was just really easy .
Limited partner allowed select venture firms like CRV to have better carry ( 25% - 30 % ) and terms between entrepreneurs and VCs loosened up again .
2002 -2009 : $ 205B goes into VC but only returns $ 220B to LPs
So far so good — until we hit the year 2000 , when the public market cratered and limited partners and the broad populace scrambled to defend their portfolios .
Cash liquidity decreased and limited partners got very concerned about how some venture firms were being run .
They also began to worry about the ballooned size of most venture funds .
But that worry did n’t last long enough , as the Fed began pumping more money into the system to “ save ” the United States from a recession .
The great housing bubble started to grow and the public market began a strong rise in 2003 , a rise that buoyed the public market portion of the limiter partners ’ funds .
LPs began to feel and think more positively , resulting in more capital flowing back to venture capital with good terms intact .
Limited partners also began to characterize the bubble as the result of macro forces that were then tamed by Alan Greenspan .
As a result , the limited partners rationalized away their worry about venture firms and we soon found ourselves returning to $ 30B / year going into venture capital each year .
This was more sane , but not totally sane .
As the public markets improved , limited partners ( who are now both domestic and international capital sources ) worried that too much of their portfolio was in the public market and started pumping more money into venture capital firms .
From 2002 to 2009 , a total of $ 205B was invested into venture capital , and approximately $ 220B was returned .
You can do the math .
That is not a good return for the whole asset class .
What happened ?
A big part of the problem was that the public market never really responded like it did in the 1990s .
The stock market blowout left collective scars across retail and institutional public market investors .
There was no crazy bubble period , which was a problem because the amount of venture capital in total was still way too high given the total return .
And while venture capital returns did slightly outperform that public market over the decade ending in 2009 , the public market returns and private venture capital returns diverged in terms of the median return per company .
LPs : “ The fund I invest in better be investing in the next Google . ”
Along the way , something interesting happened to the shape of the return curve .
In the 1980s and 1990s , venture capital returns were usually Gaussian with respect to their portfolios .
Yes , there was Benchmark ’s investment in eBay and a couple of others that created 1000 x returns .
But most of the exits were shaped around $ 300 M exits .
A big exit was a 10 x return .
In the 2000s , the middle of that curve got blown out , making a lot of portfolios look bipolar .
Most portfolio companies returned less than the capital that was put in .
And a few companies generated astronomical results : Google measured in the 1,000X to 10,000X multiple .
Limited partner data showed that eight venture funded companies a year were generating the vast majority of venture firm profits , and that ’s out of a universe of three to four thousand companies funded every year .
Pretty soon this was common knowledge across the limited partner community , and the top limited partners — in terms of size and longevity — were looking for these “ return the fund ” opportunities when venture firms talked about their investments with them .
If you could n’t speak about a potential “ billion dollar opportunity , ” limited partners thought you really were n’t in the game .
This data started a conversation across the limited partner community , which usually included the words “ the fund I invest in better be investing in the next Google . ”
And limited partners liked to bring that up in their conversation with venture firm ’s partners , “ Which one of these companies can return the whole fund ? ”
Additionally , a decade had passed since the 2000 blowout .
The decade returns for venture capital in aggregate were weak and limited partners started to reassess how , who , and what venture firms to invest in .
And then the savage bear market that started in late 2007 started to ravage the limited partners ’ portfolios again .
This was the start of limited partners asking tough questions and looking for proof of how returns would get generated over the next decade .
2010 : The balance of power shifts to limited partners ?
Limited partners face the issue of diminishing returns because they also have shareholders .
Likewise , the venture firms and seed stage firms that are down the pipeline from these limited partners are also subject to these hard questions .
Today , we ’re beginning to see a shift of money turning back into a commodity .
But without the massive government bailouts , it turns out that money supplies like M2 are declining , indicating that the core economic environment is one of deflation .
This means that cash is gathering more value than any asset , and this macro shift will shift the balance of valuation and terms in favor of the root sources of capital .
In the next post , I will review what this means for direct investors and what it means for portfolio companies .
I ’ll also include a list of questions to ask your potential investors to ensure that they ’re the right investors for your company .
A target date for the switch to digital radio is 2015
The government could face a public backlash over its plans to switch national radio stations over to digital transmission , peers have warned .
The Communications Committee of the House of Lords says there is " public confusion and industry uncertainty " .
It said people were still buying analogue radios which will be out of date in a few years ' time .
The government has set a target date of 2015 for national and regional radio stations to switch over from FM and AM .
But the committee has warned there could be a " major public reaction " against the plans unless ministers explain what is happening and address listeners ' concerns .
It says between 50 and 100 million analogue radios will become largely redundant after 2015 and around 20 million car radios will need converters .
The committee recommends more advice be given to retailers and consumers , while a " sensible " industry scrappage scheme could benefit manufacturers and retailers of digital radios .
More help needed
The committee also believes the BBC 's decision to close two digital - only stations - 6 Music and the Asian Network - sends a negative signal to consumers .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
And it calls for a switchover help scheme for the elderly and disadvantaged , similar to the one for television switchover , with more information made available in hard copy , through voluntary organisations .
The committee had strong concerns about car radios , and pointed out that while 20 % of all radio listening happened in cars , only 1 % of all cars had the capability to receive digital stations .
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders told the committee that incorporating digital radios into new models by 2013 would " be a challenge , but achievable " .
But some 20 million older cars would need to be converted to receive digital stations , at the expense of the owners .
The report said : " We recommend that the government , in collaboration with the manufacturers , should provide guidance to the public on in - car digital listening , including advice on conversion kits available and likely to be available within the timeframe of digital switchover . "
UTV Media , which runs TalkSport radio and has been opposed to the switching off of analogue , welcomed the Lords committee report , suggesting the case for the switchover has not been made .
Managing director Scott Taunton said : " Before passing the Digital Economy Bill , it is crucial that the government acts to ensure that digital radio switchover will not occur unless it is driven by the listener , and that local commercial radio stations remaining on FM will not be left to wither on the vine . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Edmunds , dealers say Toyota US sales surged in March
* Industry - wide sales seen near 12.5 mln sales rate
* U.S. federal regulator weighs ‘ black box ’ requirement
DETROIT / WASHINGTON , March 11 ( Reuters ) - Unprecedented discounts after a series of damaging recalls boosted Toyota Motor Corp 's 7203 .
TTM .N U.S. sales in early March , as U.S. regulators weighed new auto safety measures .
Toyota ’s U.S. sales surged by nearly 50 percent in the first eight days of March compared with the year - ago period due to zero - percent financing offers and other incentives , industry tracking service Edmunds.com and dealers said on Thursday .
Edmunds , which analyzes U.S. auto sales trends , also estimated that Toyota ’s U.S. retail market share in early March had jumped to 16.8 percent , up sharply from 12.8 percent a month earlier when safety problems had sent sales tumbling .
“ What they ’re doing right now is they are picking low - hanging fruit , ” said Chester Schriesheim , professor at the University of Miami School of Business Administration .
“ These are the people who are undecided about the brand but given the lower price , now that provides incentives to go ahead and purchase , ” he said .
“ But they ’re going to exhaust that pool of individuals and then they ’ll find it harder in the longer term to raise the prices backward . ”
The early sales estimate comes a week after Toyota launched the most aggressive discounts in its history to win over U.S. consumers and recover from an embarrassing slew of product safety problems that have tarnished its reputation and cut into sales and financial results .
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration chief David Strickland told a congressional hearing on Thursday that the regulator is considering whether to make “ black boxes ” mandatory for all new vehicles .
[ ID :nN11246251 ]
The devices can capture data on speed , braking effort and other details which can be vital in reconstructing accidents .
Toyota has recalled more than 8 million vehicles globally to address the risk that accelerator pedals on a range of its vehicles could become stuck because of a loose floor mat or a glitch in the pedal assembly .
Unintended acceleration in the company ’s Toyota and Lexus vehicles has been linked to at least five U.S. crash deaths since 2007 .
Authorities are investigating 47 other Toyota crash deaths over the past decade .
TOYOTA , GM BOOST MARCH INDUSTRY SALES
Edmunds.com said that industrywide U.S. auto sales are tracking to hit a rate of 12.5 million vehicles in March because of the steep discounts on Toyota vehicles and a competitive campaign launched by General Motors Co [ GM.UL ] .
GM is offering car shoppers rebates of up to $ 3,000 on vehicles including the Malibu mid-size sedan , or zero-percent financing .
Toyota , which has traditionally spurned such discount programs in order to protect resale values , has offered up to $ 3,000 in rebates and dealer incentives on a range of vehicles , including its top - selling Camry , or cut -rate financing .
Both manufacturers are offering steeper discounts on their competing full - size pickup trucks , GM’s Chevy Silverado and GMC Sierra and the Toyota Tundra .
Edmunds said GM ’s sales incentives lifted Chevy ’s retail market share to 12.9 percent , up from 11.4 percent a month earlier .
Several major Toyota dealers said their own sales were running slightly higher than the Edmunds estimate through Tuesday .
That would mark a sharp reversal from sales declines in January and February tied to the automaker ’s recall crisis .
Paul Atkinson , president of the Toyota national dealers ’ council and a Toyota dealer in Texas , said he expected that the March sales boost from incentives would mirror what the automaker saw during the 2009 “ cash for clunkers ” program .
Toyota was the big winner from that U.S. government - funded scrappage program , which offered tax credits of up to $ 4,500 to swap out of older and less fuel - efficient vehicles .
Toyota had a 19.4 percent share of vehicles sold under the “ clunkers ” program which ran from late July through the third week of August 2009 .
Toyota ’s share was the highest in the industry .
“ I truly believe that March could rival cash for clunkers , ” Atkinson said .
Sales at his own dealership in early March were running at three times the level of January and February , he said .
Customers shopping for the bargains do not appear concerned by Toyota ’s recalls , he said .
“ Honestly , I think the public has had enough , ” he said .
Just this week , as Toyota sought to shift attention away from the safety problems , at least three U.S. drivers reported new cases of driving Prius or Lexus vehicles that appeared to surge out of control .
Atkinson has encouraged Toyota dealers to protest GM ’s incentives in March , saying they amounted to a taxpayer - funded program of discounts because the U.S. government funded GM ’s restructuring in bankruptcy with $ 50 billion in aid .
“ We just want a level playing field , ” he told Reuters .
“ These GM incentives are kind of like using tax dollars to encourage my fellow citizens to not do business with me . ”
GM has defended its use of incentives , saying such discounts are a well - established part of the way cars are sold in the U.S. market .
( Additional reporting by Soyoung Kim in Detroit , Editing by Gerald E. McCormick , Tim Dobbyn and Matthew Lewis )
Long - accustomed to being dismissed as alarmists , the arguments of those warning of an impending peak oil crisis are now being bolstered by support from multi-billionaires like Richard Branson .
A major report funded by the Virgin Airlines owner and other British business leaders warned this week that the world is running out of oil and predicts shortages and price spikes as soon as 2015 .
A future of painful hikes in the cost of food , heating , and travel in a world unprepared for surging oil prices was forecast by the Industry Taskforce for Peak Oil and Energy Security .
" Do n't let the oil crunch catch us out in the way that the credit crunch did , ” wrote Mr. Branson and other business executives in a forward to the report .
But it ’s not just the powerful backing from Branson and company that is suddenly giving heart to those warning of peak oil .
They also point to signs that even the British government is opening itself up to the possibility of an oil drought .
" Some people see peak oil ( as an ) imminent and high probability threat , others say that demand will peak first , ” Chris Barton , the British government official responsible for planning the country 's energy security , said Wednesday at an event to mark the release of the report .
“ So who is right ?
Well , we do n’t know who is right , but we do recognize that the risk of rising and volatile oil prices is real . ”
In the highly polarized debate over peak oil , researchers blame the poor quality of data available to them and a lack of transparency from oil producers and corporate interests as the main reasons for why the picture remains clouded .
“ It gets worse for where it really matters , such as the big Middle Eastern producers and the OPEC countries , ” says Steve Sorrell , the chief author of a separate report last year by Britain ’s biggest research center on sustainable energy systems , which claimed conventional oil production is likely to peak before 2030 , with a significant risk of a peak before 2020 .
“ It ’s also certainly the case that those industry bodies that do have the data may deem it not to be in their interests to be fully transparent . ”
A real threat ?
So is ‘ Big Oil ’ really keeping some nasty truths from the public ?
Figures like Tony Hayward , Group Chief Executive of British Petroleum , do n’t deny a mix of different energy sources will be needed in the future to meet the world ’s demands .
BP estimates about 45 percent more energy will be needed in 2030 than is consumed today – and double what is consumed today by 2050 .
But he insists that factors such as technology and drives toward energy efficiency mean demand for oil will peak before supplies do .
“ The good news is that we have enough reserves of oil , and especially natural gas , to last for decades and reserve estimates are rising as we develop ways of unlocking both conventional and unconventional resources , ” he said in a speech to the London Business School earlier this month .
Not so , says this week ’s report , despite concerns that its impartiality may be undermined by the self - interest of business figures like Branson , whose airline and rail businesses are sensitive to volatility in the cost of crude .
Mr. Branson said last year that he would seek to invest about $ 400 million in renewable fuel sources .
Even if energy conservation can tame the thirst for oil in western economies , the report warned that prices will rocket due to demand from the rapidly industrializing developing world and an inability to increase production above a current 85 million barrels per day .
Extracting oil from recently discovered fields such as those in the Gulf of Mexico is also deemed to be much more expensive due to the technical challenges involved .
Only recession is holding back a peak oil crisis hitting sooner rather than later , according to its authors .
“ There is no denying that the opinion of the task force report is not the majority opinion , ” concedes Jeremy Leggett , an environmental campaigner and founder of a renewable energy firm that was involved in the report .
“ The danger is that the wider culture , including governments , is accepting the conventional analysis of the problem in the way that they trusted investment bankers before the credit crunch . ”
Follow us on Twitter .
Davy Haynes on board the NASA recovery ship Liberty Star , 120 miles out in the Atlantic recovering the first stage booster for the recent Ares 1 - X test flight .
Once again we return to our So You Want My Job series , in which we interview men who are employed in desirable jobs and ask them about the reality of their work and for advice on how men can live their dream .
This is usually the point where I say a little blurb about the job we ’re covering this time .
But , uh , I ’ll let Davy Haynes describe it himself .
What can I say ?
I ’m no rocket scientist !
The important details are that Mr. Haynes helps shoot off rockets into space and works for NASA .
So his job is very , very cool .
Mr. Haynes answered our questions before reports emerged that President Obama ’s budget will axe the Constellation space program that was aiming to return humans to the moon by 2020 .
The Ares rocket shown below will also be dropped .
Mr. Haynes , if you ’re reading this , I ’d love for you to offer your opinion on this move and what it means for the future of the space program .
1 . Tell us a little about yourself ( Where are you from ?
How old are you ?
Where did you go to school ?
Describe your job and how long you ’ve been at it , etc ) .
I ’m 47 years old , with a wife and 3 children .
I was born and raised in Huntsville , Alabama , a.k.a The Rocket City .
I grew up within sight of the giant rocket test stands at NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center where the Saturn V moon rocket shook the ground during static test firings when I was a boy .
I attended college at Auburn , where I majored in Aerospace Engineering .
I ’ve been with NASA for 23 years , the first 13 of which were spent as an Aerospace Technologist at NASA ’s Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , although that included one year on a detail assignment to NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas where I did flight design planning for Space Shuttle mission operations .
11 years ago I returned ‘ home ’ to Huntsville and NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center as Chief Engineer of the X - 34 project .
Currently , I am Chief of the Aerosciences Branch , where I lead a staff of engineers that produces aerodynamic , aerothermal , and acoustics environments that rockets endure as they ascend or reenter through the atmosphere .
This includes aerodynamic forces and loads that generally size a rocket ’s structure to resist bending , the aero and rocket exhaust plume heating that dictate thermal protection needs , and the acoustic sound pressure energy which sets the vibro-acoustic design requirements .
In this type of work , we use a lot of wind tunnel testing , computational fluid dynamics , as well as actual flight testing .
The most important aspects of my job are ensuring the technical quality of my branch ’s engineering products , and the planning , scheduling , and implementation of our task assignments so that our resulting design environments get delivered to the vehicle hardware , and guidance and control software designers in a timely fashion , and that those design environment databases get appropriately integrated into the designs and other systems , such as guidance and control , or thermal protection .
This aspect can be the most challenging part of the job , at least from a technical perspective .
2 . Why did you want to become a rocket scientist ?
When did you know it was what you wanted to do ?
Growing up in the Rocket City and within sight of the Marshall test stands , the space program was always familiar to me growing up , and it seemed rather natural to aspire to work in the industry .
From a young age I was mechanically inclined and was one of those kids that took their toys apart to see how they worked .
We had a next door neighbor that had served as an airplane mechanic in the Navy , and he indulged my interest and taught me how to overhaul and repair small engines .
I was also fascinated with airplanes and flight , building and flying model planes and rockets .
As soon as I was old enough to drive , I got a job at a small local airfield fueling planes and whatnot , getting paid in flying lessons , and I earned my pilot ’s license before graduating from high school .
At that point , it seemed natural to study aerospace engineering in college .
3 . If a man wishes to become a rocket scientist , how should he best prepare ?
What kinds of degrees and credentials does he need ?
Math and science studies are critical to being a good engineer in any area , and certainly so as a rocket scientist .
A degree in Aerospace , Mechanical , or Electrical engineering is essentially mandatory today , and a Masters degree does n’t hurt .
I also think some practical preparation , or experience , is invaluable as well — stuff like student design projects , R/C model aircraft construction , amateur rocketry , and of course , practical piloting experience .
4 . What kinds of job options are there for rocket scientists ?
Where can they find employment ?
The Aerospace field is very broad , and there are almost endless sub areas , or disciplines of technical specialty such as aerothermodynamics , combustion , guidance and control , structures , etc .
However , while the technical field itself is broad , in terms of specialties and expertise , the business aspect of Aerospace ( and I ’m speaking with respect to the US only ) is predominately centered on four main product lines : military or Department of Defense ( DoD ) , civil space or NASA , commercial aircraft , and commercial space , such as communications satellites .
But most of the industry ’s employment is either directly governmental , or government sponsored , and thus subject to cycles dependent upon the ebb and flow of government spending , especially that of the defense budget .
Another aspect of the US Aerospace industry , related to the four major product lines , is that the major employers tend to be geographically concentrated , although in recent years this has begun to change due to the internet and virtual presence .
Atlanta , Denver , Huntsville , Orlando , Seattle , Southern California , St. Louis , and Washington D.C. / Northern Virginia are major Aerospace hubs with good employment opportunities for rocket scientists .
Of course there are other areas as well ; but from a career perspective , rocket scientists will naturally have the most opportunities in an area that enjoys a concentration of Aerospace work .
However , if you have your heart set on living in some other specific location , perhaps for family , environment , or other reasons , your opportunities might be much more limited , or you might be out of luck altogether .
( Fortunately for me , I enjoy living in the relatively small town of Huntsville , a nice area for child rearing , and with ample venues for the outdoor activities I enjoy . )
NASA has 10 field centers across the US , all of which have civil servant and contractor job opportunities from time - to - time .
The DoD installations and their contractors offer much more numerous job opportunities , although as previously mentioned , overall employment does tend to be cyclical .
5 . How competitive is it to get a job with NASA ?
What sets a candidate apart from the others when he ’s applying ?
NASA enjoys a reputation as a “ gee whiz ” place to work and that , coupled with the fact that we do n’t hire very many ( most of our hiring only counteracts attrition ) , means that we can be very selective , and thus it ’s very competitive .
Many of our “ new hires ” are actually support contractors that have already been working with us for a few years and have demonstrated a high level of performance .
But , we do still hire a few , mostly ‘ fresh outs , ’ or recent graduates .
We look for high GPA ’s , plus anything else that can set a candidate apart , such as hands on discipline experience like trajectory modeling or wind tunnel testing , for example .
Perhaps most beneficial of all is the experience of those students that secure intern or co-op work assignments at NASA , alternating with their college semesters .
Co-ops are almost always converted to full - time employees upon graduation .
Launch of the Ares 1 - X
6 . Is working for NASA as cool as every man imagines it to be ?
At times , working for NASA can be really cool !
But I must temper that by pointing out it ’s not all launching rockets and conducting ‘ smoke and fire ’ tests every day .
It takes a long time , a lot of work , and often many frustrations before we get to the point of ‘ pushing the button . ’
There are lots of seemingly endless meetings , technical debates , and voluminous data reports and documentation to complete .
These are the not - so - glamorous , but necessary parts of the job that [ hopefully will ] culminate in the excitement and spectacle of launch day .
Working for NASA can certainly have its moments , and I ’ve been fortunate to experience at least my fair share during my career .
I have tested in , worked on , or at least toured , practically every type of high - tech engineering facility , laboratory , or test complex you could imagine .
Some examples of the cool stuff I ’ve done include : conducted numerous wind tunnel tests all over the country , ‘ flown ’ the Space Shuttle simulator in docking approaches to the Russian MIR space station , flown a helicopter range survey of White Sands Missile Range , conducted tow testing of the X - 34 rocket plane on the dry lake beds at Edwards Air Force base , witnessed multiple rocket engine test firings , climbed launch pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center the day before a Space Shuttle launch , flown onboard a chase helicopter during a 40,000 pound parachute drop test , and most recently , deployed offshore on the NASA solid rocket recovery ship Liberty Star to observe the test flight of the Ares 1 - X rocket .
7 . What is the best part of your job ?
In addition to the cool stuff mentioned above , the best part of my job is the satisfaction after completion of a lengthy , complex , or otherwise difficult piece of work .
In this business , we often have specific work assignments that take multiple man-years of effort to complete .
Planning , staffing , and implementing such work may not yield positive results or a useable product for months , or even years to come .
When that work does come to fruition - a major design database delivered , a complex flight test conducted , a mission safely and successfully flown - the satisfaction and sense of accomplishment , and yes pride , is proportional to the scope and difficulty of the effort .
8 . What is the worst part of your job ?
On the other hand , the duration and technical complexity ( not to mention costs ) of our projects results in some of them never reaching a satisfactory conclusion — a technical difficulty or risk cannot be overcome , schedules slip to the right and / or costs go through the roof .
Plus , changes in the White House Administration , or Congress , can result in changing priorities or outright abandonment of prior plans .
In these cases projects and even entire programs can be significantly descoped or canceled , despite years of effort and millions spent .
Probably everyone that has been in the industry for more than a few years has their stories of canceled projects .
Of course , the Granddaddy of them all is every rocket scientist ’s worst nightmare : catastrophic and fatal accidents such as the Apollo 1 fire , the Challenger explosion , or the Columbia break up .
Rocket science is a dangerous business , and when we make mistakes people can die quickly and violently .
9 . What ’s the work / family / life balance like ?
There is a strong emphasis on work / life balance at NASA .
That has not always been the case — especially in the Apollo moon race years ( before my time here ) when the divorce rate among employees was sky high .
There certainly are some high stress , high workload , and high travel positions , but they are the exception rather than the rule , and to the extent possible , NASA tries to take family situations into account with such assignments .
For example , in the past I ’ve had assignments where I traveled on almost a weekly basis , but that was before I had children , and it was a voluntary assignment .
For most of us , we only go into 24 - 7 mode in the event of a space flight emergency for a mission that is underway , or to address launch constraining issues for one that is imminent , or ‘ on the pad ’ as we say .
Also , something that helps a lot with work / life balance is paid leave .
A big benefit of being a government employee is that we have a rather generous paid leave allowance .
I certainly make use of mine to pursue my outside interests , hobbies and family vacations .
In addition , NASA also has a strong commitment to employee health and fitness , and we have a fitness center located on site .
For employee convenience , there is also a childcare center located on site for those with pre-school age children , and a credit union branch , post office , and small barbershop in one of our buildings .
10 .
What is the biggest misconception people have about your job ?
A lot of people in the general public seem to believe that folks working in this industry have to be super smart , or even brilliant .
The very fact that the terms “ rocket science , ” or “ rocket scientist ” exist in the popular vernacular is telling .
This reminds me of an old joke :
A student taking a community education course in basket weaving was having trouble with the weave pattern .
After demonstrating for the student several times , the exasperated instructor declared “ Look , it ’s not rocket science . ”
To which the student responded , “ But I am a rocket scientist . ”
Remember this joke the next time you hear someone use that phase , and possibly ask why no one ever says , “ It ’s not computer science . ” I certainly find computer science much more intimidating !
11 . Any other advice , tips , or anecdotes you ’d like to share ?
In my work , it is not the knowledge of how to conduct a wind tunnel test that is valuable , nor even the actual completion of the test , nor the data report .
The value is when the final result , the aero database , is integrated into the vehicle design , and provides an essential component that gets the rocket off the launch pad .
Thus , the most valuable thing that I have learned over the years is not technical knowledge , but rather the application of knowledge to achieve an end .
The value is not the man who has all the technical knowledge , or even brilliance ; the value is the man who can apply that knowledge to produce a tangible result , and that knowledge need not necessarily be his own .
In other words , be the man who can make things happen , who can produce a result , who can organize , lead , and bring a vision into reality .
Far too many men get lost in the process of what they are doing , and lose sight ( or , too often , never have it ) of what they need to accomplish , create , or produce .
And remember that the value of what you produce cannot be determined by yourself , or your organization , but only on the outside of it , by those that use your product .
Sid Meier and Rob Pardo on Probability and Player Psychology
When designing the combat system in Civilization : Revolution , Sid Meier found himself up against some interesting design problems .
His players did n't understand math .
In Civ Rev , the strength of units were displayed up front to players before battle to show the odds of victory .
For example , an attacking unit might be rated at 1.5 with the defending unit at 0.5 .
This is a 3 - to - 1 situation .
Unfortunately , the testers expected to win this battle every time despite there being a 25 % chance of losing each time .
Sid tweaked the math to make the player win more in this situation .
Next , the reverse case was tested .
The player had 1 - to - 3 odds .
If they won , the math was functioning properly .
They had a slim chance to win and they did .
Sid identified a few cases of interest .
When the player was presented with 3 - to - 1 or 4 - to - 1 odds , they expect to win .
With 2 - to - 1 odds , the player will accept losing some of the time , but expect to win at 20 - to - 10 , which is just a larger expression of 2 - to - 1 .
When the numbers get larger , the perceived advantage grows .
To adjust for this , Sid actually changed the math again so that the outcomes of previous battles are taken into account .
He found that if a player lost too many 2 - to - 1 battles in a row , they would get frustrated .
Instead of risking a player shutting the game down , Sid changed the math .
Switching over to Blizzard , Rob Pardo discussed the rest experience system in World of Warcraft and the perception of bonuses versus punishments .
One of the original design goals for WoW was to discourage marathon play sessions and avoid grinding .
In the beta , to this end , the experience system worked as such :
When a player first logged in , they would earn 100 % experience .
After a set amount of time in - game , they would only earn 50 % experience .
This way , they would take a break .
This felt like a punishment to players and it was universally hated among the testers .
To fix this , Rob decided to do the exact same thing , but play off of player psychology .
Now , when a player first logs in , they receive 200 % experience .
After a set amount of time they drop down to 100 % experience .
To complete to ruse , Rob doubled the amount of experience required to level up across the board .
The math ended up being exactly the same , but players loved this new system , which would become Rest XP .
It was perceived as a bonus , not a punishment .
Furthermore , Rob talked briefly about drop rates for quest items .
Apparently , players would get into cold streaks where they went a long time without getting a quest item drop .
Instead of correctly attributing this to randomness , they would blame the math or random number generator .
To get around this , Rob and his team actually changed the code to increase the drop rate after each kill until it hits 100 % and then reset it for the next one .
It 's interesting that players do n't want to accept math when it does n't work out for them , but are more than happy to accept it when it rewards them .
Purists might dislike Sid Meier changing the match to appease players , but the game became more fun .
Blizzard opts to package systems as a reward over penalties and takes a little randomness out of the equation .
Elsa / Getty Images
If Mohamed Sanu does garner Heisman attention this year , I hope that it is only at the beginning of the season .
Otherwise , the 6 ’ 2 ” , 215 lbs. do-everything sensation may be on the edge of awards discussions for all the wrong reasons .
Sanu can ride high from his phenomenal freshman year , and put in a couple early performances as a national standout .
Being the intelligent and extremely athletic football player that he is , this is almost a given .
However , if this persists past the opening weeks , his wild success will ( in part ) be attributable to the lack of progression of his teammates .
Let us take a look into last year :
Spring practice , 2009 : Rutgers ’ receiving corps is in disarray as Kenny Britt and Tiquan Underwood have both moved on to the NFL .
True freshman Mohamed Sanu , recruited as a safety , wins the starting receiving spot opposite senior Tim Brown .
September 7th , 2009 : Sanu impresses in the opening game against Cincinnati with 10 catches for 101 yards .
It is obvious that this kid is gifted .
Tim Brown looks solid and Tom Savage earns the starting quarterback job .
Mid-season , 2009 : Brown and Sanu are the only viable receiving options as no one else has stepped forward .
Rutgers ’ rushing attack struggles at times and Sanu is called upon to run Wildcat formations with more than a fair amount of success .
End of 2009 season : Rutgers finishes 9 - 4 , winning another mid-level bowl game .
Mohamed Sanu is 2nd on the team in receiving and rushing yards .
Tim Brown graduates , every receiver returning finishes with seven catches or less .
Allow me to reiterate : SEVEN catches .
That ’s the most .
Sanu and Brown had over 50 each .
Stating Sanu 's success is not to say that Rutgers does not have other skill position players .
RB De’Antwan Williams was highly - touted prior to opening day , but mostly saw junk minutes throughout the year .
Joe Martinek is a solid back and at least one of their three 2010 recruits should contribute .
At receiver , Freshman Mark Harrison showed flashes during the year and DC Jefferson , switching from quarterback to tight end at the beginning of 2009 , is an athletic and physical specimen at 6 ’ 6 ” and 240 lbs .
Both should show marked improvement after spending a full year at their spots .
Further , Rutgers brought in a lot of receivers this recruiting season and , much like the running backs , one of them will step forward .
Sanu is talented and he needs the ball as much as possible .
He ’ll get his touches , but the problem with such lopsided stats from 2009 is that not only will defenses be preparing for him , it 's that Rutgers may lean on him too much .
Everyone else needs to get involved .
Maybe not for the sake of this year , but for 2011 .
Ah , yes , 2011 : the real point to Rutgers and Mohamed Sanu putting off that Heisman campaign .
I can see it , and it ’s glorious .
A year and a half from now Rutgers ' top - 25 recruiting class will be all upper - classmen and ready to make some national noise .
Tom Savage , the seasoned veteran , will finally lead a tough , talented , and experienced group to a BCS game .
All of this will only be a dream if Sanu does far too much in 2010 .
The young receivers and running backs need 2010 game experience to become solid contributors in 2011 .
They need actual game experience , not the 3rd quarter against Howard game experience .
Only when these players become reliable options can Rutgers hope to win a BCS contest .
And , once there are proven commodities filling up these spots , we can let Sanu explode .
Let ’s be honest , Head Coach Greg Schiano found a gem , and it will be easy to see other players struggle early and feel the need to pull that Sanu - trigger .
But , please , do n't do it .
Put down your weapon .
Think about the future , the big picture .
And for you , Mohamed , if Schiano does n’t understand our plan , explain it to him .
Have a good year , even a great year … but not a Heisman - hopeful year .
Put that off until 2011 , let 's use this season to make everybody better .
Rome was n’t built in a day , but in cyberspace it might be .
Computer science researchers at the University of Washington and Cornell University are deploying a system that will blend teamwork and collaboration with powerful graphics algorithms to create three - dimensional renderings of buildings , neighborhoods and potentially even entire cities .
The new system , PhotoCity , grew from the original work of a Cornell computer scientist , Noah Snavely , who while working on his Ph.D. dissertation at the University of Washington , developed a set of algorithms that generated three - dimensional models from unstructured collections of two - dimensional photos .
The original project was dubbed Photo Tourism and it has since been commercialized as Microsoft ’s Photosynth service , making it possible for users to upload collections of photos that can then be viewed in a quasi three - dimensional montage with a Web browser .
However , Photosynth collections are generally limited to dozens or hundreds of photos .
The researchers wanted to push  or “ scale ”  their technology to be able to handle tens of thousands or even millions of photos .
They also wanted to use computer processing power to transform the photos into true three - dimensional images , or what they refer to as a “ dense point cloud . ”
Applications ESA 's ice mission delivers first data
13/04/2010 1406 views 1 likes
ESA 's CryoSat - 2 has delivered its first data just hours after ground controllers switched on the satellite 's sophisticated radar instrument for the first time .
CryoSat - 2 was launched on 8 April and has been performing exceptionally well during these critical first few days in orbit .
Europe 's first mission dedicated to studying variations in our planet 's ice cover entered polar orbit just minutes after launch last Thursday , marking the start of three days of intense activity .
Mission controllers at ESOC , ESA 's European Space Operations Centre , have been monitoring CryoSat - 2 around the clock to ensure the satellite 's systems and payload were functioning normally .
The CryoSat - 2 satellite was launched at 15:57 CEST ( 13:57 UTC ) , 8 April , on a Dnepr rocket provided by the International Space Company Kosmotras , from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The signal confirming that it had separated from the launcher came 17 minutes later from the Malindi ground station in Kenya .
CryoSat - 2 launch By Sunday morning , 11 April , ESA 's Flight Director Pier Paolo Emanuelli declared that the formal Launch and Early Orbit Phase ( LEOP ) was complete and said , " The satellite is in excellent condition and the mission operations team quickly resolved the few problems that came up .
It 's been a very smooth entry into orbit , precisely as planned . "
Later on Sunday , CryoSat - 2's primary instrument , the Synthetic Aperture Interferometric Radar Altimeter ( SIRAL ) , was switched on for the first time and started gathering the first radar echo data .
SIRAL 's first data were acquired at 16:40 CEST and were downloaded and processed at ESA 's Kiruna ground station .
" We switched SIRAL on and it worked beautifully from the very start .
Our first data were taken over the Antarctic 's Ross Ice Shelf , and clearly show the ice cover and reflections from underlying layers .
These are excellent results at such an early stage and are a tribute to the hard work of the entire CryoSat community , " said Prof.
Duncan Wingham , CryoSat 's Lead Investigator .
First data received
The satellite is in a polar orbit , reaching latitudes of 88° .
This orbit brings it closer to the poles than earlier Earth observation satellites , covering an additional 4.6 million sq km – an area larger than all 27 European Union member states put together .
CryoSat - 2's sophisticated instruments will measure changes at the margins of the vast ice sheets that lie over Greenland and Antarctica and in the marine ice floating in the polar oceans .
By accurately measuring thickness change in both types of ice , CryoSat - 2 will provide information critical to scientists ' understanding of the role ice plays in the Earth system .
" The combined ground teams proved the value of months of extensive training and preparation and the satellite has shown to be a high - quality machine with very few problems .
The launch and orbit injection have been almost flawless and we are looking forward to an extremely productive mission , " said Richard Francis , ESA 's Project Manager for CryoSat - 2 .
ESA 's ice mission With LEOP complete , ground experts will now put CryoSat - 2 through an exhaustive commissioning phase lasting several months , during which the systems on board the satellite and on the ground will be optimised to provide the best - ever ice thickness data from space .
" We are very happy with the first calibration results from SIRAL .
The data are now being processed and made available almost immediately to the commissioning teams .
We are now optimising the data - processing system and results will be released once we have accumulated enough data , " said Tommaso Parrinello , ESA ’s CryoSat mission Manager .
Marking a significant achievement for ESA 's Earth observation programme , CryoSat - 2 is the third of its Earth Explorer satellites to be placed in orbit , all within a little over 12 months .
CryoSat - 2 follows on from the Gravity field and steady - state Ocean Circulation Explorer ( GOCE ) mission , launched in March 2009 , and the Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity ( SMOS ) mission , launched last November .
House prices have risen for eight months in a row , the DCLG says House prices in the UK rose by 2.9 % last year , according to the latest government house price survey .
Prices rose by 3 % in England , 3.8 % in Scotland and 1 % in Wales , but fell 6 % in Northern Ireland , the Department for Communities and Local Government said .
The figures suggest that the recovery in house prices last year was not as strong as suggested by lenders .
Both the Nationwide and the Halifax have said that UK house prices rose by nearly 6 % last year .
The DCLG 's latest survey said that the average UK home cost £ 200,307 at the end of December , up 0.8 % from November .
Prices have now risen for eight months in a row according to the DCLG 's figures .
The region where they rose fastest in 2009 was London , where they went up by 4.9 % over the year .
Howard Archer , chief UK economist at Global Insight , said : " Virtually all house prices measures , including the DCLG , indicate that house prices troughed in the early months of 2009 and have been firming ever since .
" The revival in house prices since the early months of 2009 is a consequence of buyer affordability and interest being lifted by sharply reduced mortgage interest rates . "
Simon Rubinsohn of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors said : " Land Registry numbers show a broadly similar picture [ to the DCLG survey ] and , significantly , the latest figures from the Bank of England show the cost of mortgage finance to be easing . "
" This , alongside some tentative signs that money is becoming a little more freely available should help to continue to push prices higher for at least the next few months , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A NIGERIAN court has banned Twitter and Facebook debates on the country 's first wrist amputation for theft .
The Magajin Gari Sharia court in the northern city of Kaduna on Monday ordered the Civil Rights Congress ( CRC ) , one of the country 's leading rights groups , to suspend its Twitter and Facebook online debates on the amputation , which was carried out in 2000 .
The court granted an interim injunction " restraining the respondents either by themselves or their agents ... from opening a chat forum on Facebook , Twitter , or any blog for the purpose of the debate on the amputation of Malam Buba Bello Jangebe , " said the order .
Jangebe was the first person to have had his right wrist amputated on the orders of a Sharia court in Zamfara State , a year after 12 northern Nigerian states adopted the strict Islamic penal code .
The order followed a suit filed last week by the Association of Muslim Brotherhood of Nigeria , a pro-Sharia group based in the northern political capital of Kaduna , which argued that internet forums would be used as " a mockery of the Sharia system as negative issues will be discussed " .
The head of the CRC , Shehu Sani , confirmed to AFP that he was served with the court papers on Monday .
" We opened the blog , the Facebook and Twitter chats 10 days ago to serve as a platform for which Nigerians could air their opinions on Sharia law as a whole and the justification or otherwise of the amputation of the hand of Malam Buba Bello Jangebe , " Sani said on the phone from Kaduna .
Out of Nigeria 's 36 states , 12 re-adopted a strict version of Sharia in 1999 nearly a century after it had been abandoned .
Zamfara state in the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria pioneered the move after the country returned to civilian rule following 15 years of military dictatorship .
If you are citizen of an European Union member nation , you may not use this service unless you are at least 16 years old .
Stop wasting time looking for files and revisions .
Connect your Gmail , Drive , Dropbox , and Slack accounts and in less than 2 minutes , Dokkio will automatically organize all your file attachments .
Learn more and claim your free account .
View Edit
To edit this page , request access to the workspace .
Already have an account ?
Log in !
Other Frameworks Gregory Moeck 9 years , 5 months ago Page history last edited by SproutCore has several external frameworks created by developers in the community .
If you do n't find a widget you need in SproutCore itself you may be able to find it here .
To install most of these frameworks , just download or clone the code ( if it is on Github ) and place it in a " frameworks " directory inside of your project folder .
Then open your Buildfile and add it to your list of requires like so : config : my_app , : required => [ : sproutcore , :other_framework ]
If you have written a new framework , add a link to your code here and short description .
Widgets SCUI - Date Picker , Calendar , iGoogle - like Dashboard , Basic Drawing using Canvas , LinkIt framework for building directed graphs
Flot - SproutCore - allows usage of Flot , a JavaScript charting library .
By Bo Xiao .
Sai - [ EXPERIMENTAL ]
A port of RaphaelJS to a more SproutCore - friendly environment
Ki - A statechart framework for SproutCore Data Sources SC - UDS - [ EXPERIMENTAL ]
DataSources for Local Data Storage and Twitter
OrionDB - A PHP REST database interface
Thoth - A Node - based communications hub for multi-user SproutCore applications , serving as a unified database interface and automating distribution of data changes Testing Lebowski - A test automation framework designed for full feature , integration , and regression testing of SproutCore applications .
Jasmine - Sproutcore - A drop in replacement for QUnit using the Jasmine BDD test framework .
Simulo - Provides an adapter to easily simulate Sproutcore Events .
Fictum -
A stub server designed for use with Sproutcore , to it so that your tests do not have to hit a real server .
Other Frameworks
Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
Mine – Story of a Sacred Mountain
This short film , narrated by Joanna Lumley , tells the story of the Dongria Kondh ’s resistance .
Vedanta are intent on constructing an open - cast mine on their land and thereby destroying the tribes sacred mountain and with it everything they know .
The Supreme Court has given the Dongria three months to decide whether to allow mining in the hills .
Tribes : the Dongria Kondh
AcuuWeather meteorologist Joe Bastardi has a question about two datasets and asks :
If it is darn warm , how come there is so much sea ice ?
Bastardi asks a simple question : how can we have above normal temperatures in the Arctic and the Antarctic and continue to add to the global sea ice trend ?
After all we ’ve been told by media stories that both the Arctic and the Antarctic continue to melt at a frenetic pace .
But it looks like this year we ’ll see another Arctic recovery as we ’ve seen in 2008 and 2009 .
Bastardi also wonders about something we routinely ask about here at WUWT : data adjustments .
GISS seems to be stuck with Arctic positive anomaly , yet the sea ice is n’t cooperating .
Of course just having a positive temperature anomaly does n’t guarantee melt , but members of the public who are less discerning , who look at red hot color presentations like GISS puts out , usually can’t tell the difference .
For reference here are the images Joe uses in his presentation .
I ’m going to help out a bit too with some simple comparisons .
First The GISS Dec - Feb 2010 Global Surface Anomaly as Joe presents it in his video :
Source : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/gistemp/do_nmap.py?year_last=2010&month_last=2&sat=4&sst=0&type=anoms&mean_gen=1203&year1=2010&year2=2010&base1=1951&base2=1980&radius=1200&pol=reg
Note that in the warmest places in the Arctic according to GISS , there are few if any land thermometers :
Above : map of GHCN2 land stations ( thanks to commenter Carrick at Lucia ’s )
Note the cross section of the GISS data , most of the warmth is at the Arctic where there are no thermometers .
The Antarctic comes in a close second , though it has a few thermometers at bases on the perimeter of the continent plus a couple at and near the center .
Note the flat plateaus are each pole .
The effects of interpolation become clearer when you do a 250 km map instead of 1200 km :
Source : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/gistemp/do_nmap.py?year_last=2010&month_last=2&sat=4&sst=0&type=anoms&mean_gen=1203&year1=2010&year2=2010&base1=1951&base2=1980&radius=250&pol=reg
All of the sudden , the hot Arctic disappears .
It disappears because there are no thermometers there as demonstrated by the cross section image which stops at about 80N .
Interestingly , the global surface anomaly also drops , from 0.80 °C at 1200 km of interpolation to 0.77 °C with an interpolation of 250km .
One of the things that I and many other people criticize GISS for is the use of the 1951 - 1980 base period which they adopted as their “ standard ” base period .
That period encompasses a lot of cool years , so anomalies plotted against that base period will tend to look warmer .
This famous GISS graph of surface temperatures from weather stations , shown worldwide in media outlets , is based on the 1951 - 1980 period :
Uncertainty bars ( 95 % confidence limits ) are shown for both the annual and five - year means , account only for incomplete spatial sampling of data . ” ]
GISS does n’t provide a utility to replot the graph above with a different base period on their webpage here http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/graphs/ but I can demonstrate what would happen to the GISS global maps using a different base period by using their plot selector here http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/maps/
Watch what happens when we use the same base period as the UAH satellite data , which is 1979 - 2009 .
The 1200 km interpolated global temperature anomaly for Dec - Jan - Feb 2010 drops more than half to 0.38 °C from 0.80°C .
That number is not so alarming now is it ?
As for the graphic , the flaming red is still there in the same places because the anomaly map colors always stay the same , no matter what the absolute temperature scale is .
In the first map with the 1951 - 1980 base period , the max positive anomaly was 6.4 °C for 1200 km and 8.8 °C for 250 km , while in the one below with the 1979 - 2009 base period the max positive anomaly of 7.1C
If colors were assigned to absolute temperatures , this map would look cooler than it ’s counterpart with the 1951 - 1980 base period .
Source : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/gistemp/do_nmap.py?year_last=2010&month_last=2&sat=4&sst=0&type=anoms&mean_gen=1203&year1=2010&year2=2010&base1=1979&base2=2009&radius=1200&pol=reg
And here ’s the 250 km presentation , note that the global surface temp drops to 0.34°C
Source : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/gistemp/do_nmap.py?year_last=2010&month_last=2&sat=4&sst=0&type=anoms&mean_gen=1203&year1=2010&year2=2010&base1=1979&base2=2009&radius=250&pol=reg
So it is clear , with the GISS anomaly presentation , you can look at it many different ways , and get many different answers .
Who decides then which maps and graphs with what base periods and interpolations get sent out in press releases ?
Jim ?
Gavin ? , Reto ?
Consensus over coffee at Monks ?
The answer as to what base period GISS chooses in temperature anomaly maps to present to the public is easily answered by looking at their main page here :
http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/
Here ’s a thumbnail of the page , and the full size version of the second graph from the top , note the caption on the top of the graph :
Clearly , they prefer the base period of 1951 - 1980 as the default base period for the public presentation [ as well as 1200 km smoothing ] and by choosing that , the GISS results look a lot more alarming than they might be if a different base period was used , such as the 1979 - 2009 period used by UAH and RSS .
Anomalies can show anything you want based of choosing the base period .
For example , a simple thought experiment .
I could choose a base period from 11,000 years ago , during the last ice age , and plot maps and graphs of today ’s temperatures against that base period .
Would we see red ?
You betcha .
Here ’s a graph that shows reconstructed northern hemisphere temps at the end of the last ice age 11 k years ago , they were about 4.5 °C cooler than today .
Granted it ’s not a global temp , but close enough for government work .
So if I used a 30 year slice of temperature 11,000 years before the present as a baseline period , our GISTEMP map would look something like this :
Obviously the map above is not an accurate representation , just a visual guesstimate .
The more excitable who frequent here will likely cry foul at my abuse of the image .
But it does illustrate how choices of colors and baseline periods can have a distinct effect on the final visual .
Using a cold baseline period in the past ( in this case 4.5 °C globally cooler than the present ) makes the present look broiling hot .
Anomalies are all about the starting choices made by people .
Nature does n’t give a hoot about anomalies .
Generally , people do n’t either .
Imagine if your local TV weather forecaster gave tomorrow ’s forecast in anomalies rather than absolute temperatures .
He might say something like :
It ’s going to be a hot one folks !
Tomorrow we ’ll have a high temperature that is 0.8C warmer than the 1951 - 1980 historical baseline for this city .
Dress accordingly .
Useful is n’t it ?
Even more useful if he ’s the weatherman in Svalbaard and people anticipating a heat wave go out in shorts and tank tops in mid February .
While anomalies are fine for illustrating many things , including temperature , bear in mind it ’s all about the starting conditions chosen by the individuals doing the analysis .
It ’s all about choosing a baseline “ normal ” , which is subjective .
So when Joe Bastardi looks at the GISS map of the world , sees red , and wonders why we have a growing ice presence , the answer is in the choice of baseline and the choice of colors used to calculate and represent the anomaly .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
If you like bloatware , you 'll love the idea of Motorola pre-loading Bing services onto its Android phones in China .
Otherwise , pray that the partnership between Motorola and Microsoft never comes stateside .
Motorola announced that the partnership will “ initially be available in China ” this quarter , under the guise of providing consumers with a choice .
Christy Wyatt , Motorola 's corporate vice president of software and services , said that “ consumer choice is one of the most critical components to ensuring a rich and seamless client experience . ”
I agree , but this deal is does not represent choice .
Users will automatically get Bing 's search widget , a Bing bookmark in their Web browser and Bing 's location - based services , including maps , whether they like it or not .
If these were options presented to the user during the phone 's first start - up , it'd be a choice .
Instead , it 's just a business deal to send more people to Microsoft instead of Google .
Let 's not make it out to be a boon for consumers .
Motorola does n't say whether you can remove any of the Bing services , but the Android experience is muddied either way .
Forcing a Bing widget onto an Android phone is like getting a mandatory Bing toolbar in Google Chrome .
Technically , you have the “ choice ” of using either one , but at the cost of a more streamlined browser .
And you could have just gone into your settings and changed the default search engine to begin with .
It 's possible , as DigitalTrends points out , that Motorola is hedging its bets in light of the friction between Google and the Chinese government .
But this is n't the only instance where Google services have taken a backseat on Android .
We 've already seen this with the Motorola Backflip , which AT&T has stuffed with Yahoo search and its own unique blend of bloatware .
And that 's happening in the United States , not China .
My concern is that cell phone makers and wireless carriers will start loading up Android phones with whatever they please to serve their own interests , not those of their consumers .
Do n't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase .
Check out the world 's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking for one thing .
What are you waiting for ?
Get shredded , ripped , cut up , lean , losing body fat , cut carbs to lose weight , diet and muscle gain
Furci Home / Fitness Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Shredded is a term used to describe somebody who has extremely low body fat levels .
I 'm not talking about somebody who is lean , has definition and you can see their abs .
A person who is shredded , like some bodybuilders , has skin that is like cellophane .
You 'd swear they did n't have skin at all because you can see the striations in every muscle .
Getting to the point of being shredded is extremely difficult .
It 's so difficult that most bodybuilders who put 110 percent effort into attaining this appearance for a contest fail .
Because of the amount of effort involved -- primarily because maintaining this look is such a harsh condition for the body -- being shredded is a transient state .
Bodybuilders and models alike attain this condition for their respective competitions and photo shoots .
Once the event is over , many return back to a lean state , while some get completely out of shape .
The pictures of shredded individuals you see in advertisements claiming a product made them that way are simply lying .
Advertisements for losing body fat are everywhere , making outrageous claims , peddling miracle supplements and exercise machines .
But are there products , supplements or machines that can really make you Shredded , Ripped , Cut Up , Lean ?
Unfortunately , for the legions of people who have wasted their money , there is no product that if used alone will make them shredded .
However , there are products that can help you reach your goal , and we 'll be discussing these later in this article .
One of my favorite mottoes is , " If it sounds too good to be true , then it probably is . "
Another one of my favorites is , " There is no such thing as a free lunch . "
So when you see an ad that makes a claim like , " Ripped abs in 6 weeks by using the Thingamajig ! " or " I just took one youbetcha pill a day and got shredded in 4 weeks ! " -- do n't give it a second look .
There is so much more to getting shredded than taking a pill or using a thingamajig .
In order to change the way your body looks , you have to change your lifestyle .
In order to change your lifestyle , you have to educate yourself .
Haphazardly making changes and expecting results is like driving to a place you 've never been without a map and expecting to get there .
Even when you have a map , there are unexpected hurdles .
The key is to be patient , remain motivated , and make adjustments when necessary .
Getting Ripped 101
THE CALORIE THEORY
Many so - called experts think there is only one thing that matters when trying to lose weight : calories consumed versus calories used .
They try to lead you to believe that a calorie of protein is equal to a calorie of fat is equal to a calorie of carbs , and that all you have to do is cut down the amount consumed to lose body fat .
In order for this to be true , the physiological processes by which the human body transforms food into energy – metabolism – would have to be the same for every type of food .
This is a simplistic , unscientific and untenable view .
All macronutrients -- including fats , carbohydrates and proteins -- contain energy .
The energy contained in food is expressed as calories .
We tend to associate calories with food , but in reality , calories apply to anything .
For example , a gallon of gasoline contains approximately 31 million calories .
A calorie is the amount of heat needed to raise 1 kilogram of water 1 degree Celsius at sea level .
What does this mean ?
A Double Whopper with cheese contains 960 calories .
If we were to burn this burger , it would produce 960 calories -- enough energy to raise 960 kilograms of water 1 degree Celsius .
Calorie is a shortened name for kilocalories , to reflect the simplified math .
A kilocalorie contains 1,000 calories , so the Double Whopper with cheese is actually 960,000 calories .
Now do n't get your panties in a bunch -- this simplified math also applies to exercise calorie charts .
If the piece of cardio equipment you 're using says you burned 200 calories , it 's simplified for 200,000 calories .
However , do n't rely on exercise equipment charts -- they are grossly inaccurate .
This is due to several factors , mainly genetics , because the rate at which individuals burn calories varies greatly and cannot be measured on a piece of cardio equipment .
Calories can and are measured in a sealed device called a " calorimeter " which locks in heat of burning food .
A small vacuum container of water is contained above the food .
Once the food is completely burned , the temperature of the water is measured .
The rise in temperature will determine the amount of calories .
While the calorimeter can show the total amount of energy in a serving of Fruit Loops , it cannot account for what the human body does n't absorb , or the energy used in the digestion and assimilation of it .
It also cannot show one 's ability and efficiency to use food as energy , as opposed to storing it as fat .
Does counting the number of calories consumed matter , or is it even necessary when trying to lose weight ?
No !
Counting calories is completely inaccurate and a waste of time .
Our bodies do not process food like a calorimeter .
The assertion that macronutrients are all processed the same between individuals is just foolish .
Yet , this is the basis for the calorie theory .
Macro Nutrients
CARBOHYDRATES : THE SMOKING GUN
The enemy of weight loss and health is not fat , protein or carbohydrates .
It 's the types of these foods , along with other man-made substances consumed , in the low fat / high carbohydrate diet that has been forced upon us by the medical community , food and edible oil industries .
Started in the mid 1950s as the Lipid Hypothesis , this politically correct diet has been a dismal failure .
We are getting fatter and unhealthier because we are eating anything other than what our bodies are designed to process .
Add to this the fact that most Americans get the vast majority of their physical activity walking to and from their cars , and you have a recipe for disaster .
Although a lack of physical activity has a part to play in our being fat , carbohydrates , especially simple carbs or sugar , shoulder most of the blame .
The sole purpose of carbohydrates is to provide energy .
Whatever your body does n't use as fuel , is stored as fat .
Carbohydrates are a non-essential nutrient , meaning humans do not need to consume them for survival or even health .
Our bodies function perfectly -- and are much healthier -- without carbohydrates , especially sugars and starches .
In order to understand why carbohydrates are your worst enemy when trying to get lean , you have to understand insulin .
Insulin is the fat storage hormone .
Quite simply , the higher your insulin levels , the more you store food as fat .
As you eat carbs , the body breaks them down into a simple , more absorbable sugar called glucose .
The glucose is then transported to the blood stream .
As your blood glucose levels rise , this sends a signal to the pancreas to release insulin .
Insulin governs the processing of glucose .
Without insulin , as with type I diabetics , glucose levels will rise , eventually causing ketoacidosis .
If not treated , it will cause death .
Glucose is processed by insulin in two different ways .
As glucose levels rise , insulin converts a portion of it to glycogen , which is stored in the muscle cells and the liver .
Once all the storage space is taken up ( and it does n't take much especially if you do n't exercise ) , insulin will convert the rest to triglycerides and store it as adipose tissue – fat .
Insulin is a facilitator of lipogenesis , or fat storage , and is a deterrent to lipolysis , or the breaking down of fat for energy .
Even low levels of circulating insulin have been shown to prevent the breakdown of fat to be used as energy .
Hence , as stated above , insulin is the fat storage hormone .
Does fat make you fat ?
We tend to refer to them as oils if they 're liquid at room temperature , like olive oil .
And we refer to them as fat if they are solid at room temperature , like beef tallow , coconut oil or butter .
But whether liquid or solid , they 're all fat .
Technically called lipids , fats and oils are made up of many different types of fatty acids .
Fatty acids are the same whether they come from plants or animals .
Oleic acid that is found in olive oil is exactly the same as the oleic acid found in lard ( pig fat ) .
What many do n't know is that lard is actually a monounsaturated fat .
It 's the proportions of fatty acids that will vary from plant to plant , from animal to animal , and from plant to animal .
A fatty acid is a molecule that is made up of a chain of carbon atoms .
These chains can vary in length from 1 to 24 carbons .
Fatty acids are given their names based on how long the chain is , and at what position the " unsaturation " occurs .
If the fatty acid is saturated , then the carbon chain length determines the name .
What is a saturated fat ?
Each carbon atom in the fatty acid chain has room for two hydrogen molecules , except at the end where it has room for three .
A fatty acid with two hydrogen atoms for every carbon atom in the chain is said to be saturated .
A fatty acid missing two or more hydrogen atoms along the chain , which causes double bonds between carbon atoms , is said to be unsaturated .
If there is one double bond , the fatty acid is referred to as monounsaturated .
If there are two or more double bonds found along the chain , the fatty acid is referred to as polyunsaturated .
Fat has many functions in addition to being used as an energy source , and unlike carbohydrates , certain fats are essential .
Without consuming essential fatty acids ( like omega - 3 ) , attaining optimum health is virtually impossible .
A diet deficient in omega - 3s , like the typical western diet , is a major risk factor in the pathologies of several diseases like cancer , depression , autoimmune disorders and cardiovascular disease ( 1 - 4 ) .
Including the right fats in your diet will not only improve your health , but aid in fat loss .
But how does fat help us get lean ?
Fat satiates the appetite , and helps to stop the cravings for sugar .
But probably most importantly , fat -- when combined with a low carbohydrate intake -- actually aids in burning fat as fuel .
That 's right -- fat helps burn fat !
When fat is restricted , our bodies have a defense mechanism built in for survival .
Our bodies will actually stop using fat as fuel in an effort to preserve our stores for future use .
Bodybuilders and fitness competitors have known this for years simply through trial and error , while dieting for competitions .
Many bodybuilders while dieting for shows would reach a certain body fat percentage and suddenly plateau for no apparent reason .
We found that by adding fat to the diet ( like olive oil , flaxseed oil , or especially coconut oil ) it would jump - start the body to burn body fat .
Sounds bizarre does n't it ?
Especially since it goes against what we 've been taught : in order to lose fat you have to cut fat from your diet .
But the reality is , fat burns fat .
However , just adding fat to the diet does n't ensure you 'll get lean ; you need to consume the right types of fat and eat a diet low in carbs .
For a more in - depth explanation on the different types of fats , and which ones to include in your diet and which ones exclude , read " Fats , cholesterol and the lipid hypothesis " .
Protein is #
1
Protein is by far the single most important nutrient / supplement you can consume in your quest to get lean , and add muscle and strength .
Protein repairs and maintains everything in our bodies from hormones to muscles to bones .
Proteins are made up of building blocks called amino acids .
There are nine essential amino acids .
Essential meaning we have to ingest these for survival because our bodies cannot manufacture them .
Many researchers now believe we have many other amino acids that should be considered " conditionally essential , " because of their significance and our inefficiency at producing them .
These include glutamine , arginine , cysteine , taurine , glycine , tyrosine and proline .
Consciously consuming a diet low in protein has no benefit ; it is not based on good science , and merely a matter of ignorance .
If your protein intake or quality is low , your body will get the essential aminos it needs from its most abundant storage system -- muscle tissue .
The International Society of Sports Nutrition , in a 2007 position statement , concluded that bodybuilders and strength / power athletes require just under a gram of protein per pound of body weight per day ( 5 ) , consistent with my recommendation of 1 gram per pound of lean body weight .
However , if you train intensely , which is how you should train , empirical data suggests you may need upwards of 1.5 g/lb .
Have no fear -- this extra protein will not make you fat .
Protein , in and of itself , has little to do with getting fat ; protein consumption is inversely related to fat accumulation .
The more protein you eat , the more fat you burn as fuel .
Protein consumption is directly related to thermogenesis and satiety through multiple mechanisms ( 6 - 8 ) .
It 's what you eat , more than how much you eat , that will determine how lean , strong and muscular you will get .
As discussed earlier , a calorie is not a calorie .
A calorie of a carbohydrate does not equate to a calorie of protein when being metabolized in our bodies .
Protein calories are not likely to be stored as fat , as compared to carbs , because protein requires more energy to metabolize and assimilate and has numerous functions .
Carbs are simply an energy source , and if not used as fuel , they are stored as fat without much effort .
Carbs , unlike protein , also stimulate the release of high amounts of insulin , the fat storage hormone .
Protein consumption is not only good for overall health , it 's essential to building muscular size and strength .
If you do not consume enough quality protein -- and I stress quality -- you will not only put a halt to your efforts to have a leaner , more muscular body , you can actually lose some of the muscle you 're working so hard to get .
And what burns fat as fuel ?
Muscle .
The more muscle you have , the faster your metabolism .
For a more in - depth explanation about different protein types , read " Protein Rx . "
The lean advantage
Getting lean is a lifestyle .
Genetics play a part , as with anything concerning the physiology of the human body , in your ability to get lean .
But even the genetically gifted , who can eat more carbs or snack more often than you , will fail without a proper lifestyle which includes consuming the right foods and exercise .
A proper diet will have the biggest impact on one 's quest to get lean .
If you continue to eat the wrong food , there is n't a training program or a supplement that will get you to your goal .
As discussed earlier , if you 're looking for that magic pill or exercise to get you shredded , stop .
There is no such thing .
If you want to get lean , especially shredded , you are going to have to make a huge commitment to yourself .
The word sacrifice also comes to mind .
With the basics of macro-nutrition under your belt , it 's time to put it all together .
Start by eliminating all processed or convenience foods from your diet .
Taking this first step in and of itself will cause you to lose some body fat .
The farther away food is from its natural state , the worse it is for you .
No more boxed this , or frozen that .
Choose as many whole , organic foods as you can .
Take time now to look at the Banned Foods List and the Accepted Foods List .
Become familiar with the foods in both lists , as they will help you make better choices at the grocery store .
Once you 've stocked your home with the right foods , you 're now ready to start on your path to getting lean .
You 'll need to keep a " Daily Nutrition Progress Report " for at least four days before you make any changes to get an average macro - nutrient intake at your current body fat level .
You can't possible make accurate changes to your diet without knowing what you 've been eating at your current state .
The macronutrients to be concerned with are carbs and protein .
Once you 've calculated your averages , make the following changes :
Calculate 75 percent of your current average carb intake .
For example , if your average over four days is 250g , multiply that by 0.75 and it will give you 187.5g .
If your protein intake is below 1g per pound of body weight , raise it to at least that amount .
Outside of changing your diet to whole natural foods , carbohydrate manipulation will be the most important aspect of your diet , and the key to your success .
Make sure to eat at least four times per day , no matter what amount of macronutrients you 're consuming .
The goal is to try and eat every two to three hours .
In this program you are going to have high carb days and low carb days .
Your high day is going to be your four - day average .
Your low day is going to be 75 percent of your high day .
Organize your high and low days one after another .
So if Monday is your high day , Tuesday will be your low day and so on .
Never go over the amounts of carbs on either day .
If you 're hungry and you 've eaten your total number of carbs for that day , have more protein and vegetables .
Conversely , if you 're not quite as hungry on a certain day , it 's perfectly fine not to eat your quota of carbs .
Eat when you 're hungry , stop when you 're full .
Maintain the same number of macronutrients for at least three weeks .
This will allow enough time for you to see whether or not you 're getting results .
If at the end of three weeks you 're still losing body fat , keep consuming the same amounts .
Do not make changes until your body hits a plateau .
Once you 've stopped losing body fat , drop your low day by another 10 percent .
Keep your high day the same and eat more protein and vegetables when you 're hungry .
The control you have with this type of diet is a huge advantage .
For instance , let 's say your low carb days this week land on Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
And your high days are on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
You are going out to dinner on Friday night and would really like to enjoy yourself , but it 's supposed to be your low carb day .
Instead of keeping your low day on Friday , make Thursday a low day and Friday the high day .
Now your week will look like the following :
Monday = low
Tuesday = high
Wednesday = low
Thursday = low ( normally your high day )
Friday = high ( the night of your dinner )
Saturday then becomes your low day and you start going every other day again .
Manipulating carb days like this does not give you free reign to eat whatever you want ; you are still expected to make healthy choices .
This is a method used to cushion the blow to your efforts in getting lean , while going out to eat or attending a party .
If your goal is to get lean , there is no reason to stop living .
However , as discussed earlier , if attaining a shredded look is what you want , be prepared to sacrifice a great deal .
Whatever your goal is , this program is designed to be used for the long haul .
The longer you are on this program the more in tune you 'll become with your body .
The more in tune with your body you become , the greater the changes to your body .
And with these changes will come a great deal of motivation .
You 'll discover how different foods affect your body , including how they make you feel .
You may find that when you eat pasta regularly , even though you stay within your carb quota , you feel bloated and do n't seem to lose as much body fat as when you eat whole grain rice or oatmeal .
This is why it is imperative you keep a " Daily Nutrition Progress Report . "
If you do n't keep a record of where you 've been , it 's hard to make accurate adjustments when you end up off course .
Supplementing your success
Supplements are supposed to supplement a proper diet and training program .
If your diet is piss - poor , and your training is sporadic , supplements are not going to help .
Unfortunately , even with all the evidence out there , charlatans relying on pseudoscience get away with peddling their wares to ignorant consumers with hopes of an easy way to get lean , muscular , strong or all the above .
I 'm going to cut to the chase .
Because of all the misinformation out there , supplements can be a very controversial and misunderstood subject .
Below you 'll find a list of very popular supplements and a brief description of each .
I will also let you know which ones work and which ones do n't .
Protein :
By far the most important macronutrient in food and supplements you can consume .
When your protein sources come from grass - fed ruminant animals , free - range fowl , free - range eggs , and wild - caught fish , you are consuming the most nutritious foods on the planet .
Getting away from mass production of foods and returning to local farming would have a huge impact toward improving the health of this nation .
If I had to choose just one supplement to take , protein in the form of micellar casein ( MC ) would be it .
MC , also known as milk protein isolate or milk protein concentrate , has one of the most impressive amino acid profiles .
MC has a slow rate of digestion , which gives the user enhanced satiety , and leads to its anti-catabolic properties .
MC 's role as an anti-catabolic is unopposed by any other protein .
However , one needs to create an anabolic environment also in order to build muscle and get lean .
Whey protein comes in three forms : concentrate , isolate and hydrolysate .
Concentrate is the least expensive and has the lowest amount of protein per serving .
This also equates to lower levels of branched - chain amino acids ( BCAA ) .
Isolates are a purer form of whey protein and usually provide 95 percent or more per serving , with a higher BCAA content than concentrates .
Hydrolysates are the purest and most rapidly absorbed form of whey , with the highest biological value ( BV ) of any protein .
BV is a measure of how well nitrogen is retained after ingesting a protein source .
Muscle cannot repair and build without adequate amounts of nitrogen .
Whey protein is known for its fast delivery of amino acids into the blood stream and into the muscle cells almost immediately after consumption , which elicits its anabolic effects .
It would be most beneficial to use an MC / whey mix throughout the day and before you go to sleep .
This will give you a steady flow of amino acids throughout the day and during most of the night .
The best time to consume whey protein is before , during and after your workout , and upon rising from a good night 's sleep .
For the best proteins available go to ProteinFactory.com
Coconut Oil : Taken from the fruit portion of the seed of the coconut palm tree , coconut oil is one the most beneficial foods you can consume .
There is an array of positive research published in the last few years showing the significance of coconut oil ( 9 - 11 ) .
Coconut oil is the most saturated of all fats .
Saturated fat has three subcategories : short chain , medium chain and long chain .
Coconut oil contains approximately 65 percent medium chain fatty acids ( MCFA ) .
The saturated medium chain lipid , lauric acid , which comprises more than 50 percent of coconut oil , is the anti-bacterial , anti-viral fatty acid found in mother 's milk ( 12 ) .
But it 's the MCFA 's thermogenic ( fat burning ) effect that we 're most concerned about .
Researchers compared the thermogenic effect between MCFA 's and long chain fatty acids ( LCFAs ) , like those found in vegetable oil after single meals .
The meals were 400 calories and consisted entirely of either MCFAs or LCFAs .
The thermogenic effect of MCFAs over six hours was three times greater than that of LCFAs .
Researchers concluded that as long as the calorie level remained constant , substituting MCFAs for LCFA s would result in weight loss ( 13 ) .
The same number of calories from two different substances yielded different outcomes .
How weird .
A study was conducted by researchers at McGill University to evaluate existing data describing the effects of MCFAs on energy expenditure , and to determine their efficacy as agents in the treatment of obesity .
They reported that several different studies have shown weight loss equivalent to 12 to 36 pounds a year simply by changing the types of oils used in everyday cooking and food preparation .
Animal and human studies have shown greater energy expenditure , less body weight gain , and decreased size of fatty deposits when using MCFAs as opposed to LCFAs ( 14 , 15 ) .
How about that calorie theory ?
Best source of coconut oil is TropicalTraditions.com
Omega - 3 fatty acids : Omega – 3 fatty acids have been referred to as a miracle fat with good reason .
These fatty acids are polyunsaturated and refer to a family of fatty acids where the first double bond occurs in the third position .
In previous articles and columns I discuss the fact that polyunsaturated fats / oils like soy , corn and canola should be avoided .
The best way to obtain these essential fatty acids is to consume them in their original packaging like wild - caught fish , or by taking a quality supplement .
I highly recommend Neutraceutical Science Institute and Flameout .
Omega - 3s are an essential part of any diet .
In addition to all the health benefits associated with these fats ; omega - 3s have body fat composition benefits ( 16 - 18 ) .
They help you lose body fat .
Nitric oxide : Nitric oxide ( NO ) is a very powerful chemical that , among many functions , regulates blood flow .
NO dilates blood vessels and lowers blood pressure , which allows blood to flow more freely .
It 's this increase in blood flow that has led many in the supplement industry to infer a better delivery of nutrients to muscle cells , which they equate to more muscle .
That is one hell of a stretch and just does n't hold water .
The NO supplements of today are basically the same as the arginine products of the 80s ; they 're just marketing them differently .
Unfortunately , for NO proponents the level of arginine in the blood has little to do with NO production , and consequently has nothing to do with increasing blood flow .
If we could increase NO production through diet or supplements , because of the decrease in blood pressure that occurs with higher NO levels , we would have had anecdotal reports of lower blood pressure and syncope ( fainting ) .
These types of reports have not occurred , nor have they been found in research .
Need some evidence ?
Read Robinson et al
Hot -Rox Extreme : a Biotest product , it 's the only fat burner that I 've used since ephedrine was first banned that has produced any noticeable results .
I have found that even without changing my diet , I will notice a reduction in body fat over a 60 day period .
Now I 'm not saying this product by itself will make you lean .
However , used in conjunction with a proper diet it will enhance your efforts .
Energy drinks :
There are so many companies out there claiming their energy drinks produce long term energy with an enhanced ability to lose body fat .
I have tried many different products , and have had many of my friends and colleagues try them as well .
I have yet to find one that works .
Soy products :
We have been led to believe that soy is a health food .
However , in the United States Food and Drug Administration 's Poisonous Plant Database , which contains references to the scientific literature describing studies of the toxic properties and effects of plants and plant parts , there are 288 records under soy ( 19 ) .
The deleterious effects soy has on our bodies are caused by several different substances , but I 'm going to briefly review one for the purposes of this article .
The substances contained in soybeans that will hinder your body fat loss are goitrogens .
These are naturally occurring and interfere with the function of the thyroid gland .
Goitrogens get their name from the term " goiter , " which means enlargement of the thyroid gland .
Foods that contain goitrogens include broccoli , cabbage , mustard , peanuts , turnips , brussels sprouts and others .
However , unlike soy , cooking or fermentation easily neutralizes the goitrogens in these foods .
Heat , pressure or chemical ( alkaline ) solutions commonly used in processing soy will neither deactivate nor remove goitrogens ( 20 ) .
They are virtually in all soy foods , with the highest concentration being in products that are not fermented , like soy milk , protein and baby formula .
Lean principles
As usual , like I do with all topics , I 've provided you with no -nonsense information .
If implemented properly , this information will help you on your quest to get lean .
It will not be easy , especially getting to the point of being shredded , and will take a lot of dedication , patience and self - motivation .
Use the basic principles below to get on the right path to changing your lifestyle , which will positively change your life .
Eliminate all processed convenience foods from your diet .
Eat whole natural foods .
Eat at least four times per day .
Eat protein with every meal .
Keep a Daily Nutrition Progress Report .
Eliminate all store - bought oils like soy , corn or canola .
Do n't consume any product that contains " vegetable oil , " " hydrogenated vegetable oil , " " partially hydrogenated vegetable oil " or " shortening " listed as one of the ingredients .
Include fats like coconut oil , omega - 3s , and raw butter in your diet .
Use coconut oil and raw butter for cooking and frying .
Olive oil can also be used for one time frying , but it does n't contain the MCTs of coconut oil and butter .
Exercise intensely two to four times per week .
Progressive resistance training is imperative .
Do not perform slow or moderate cardio unless you enjoy it .
It will have little to no effect on your weight loss over the long haul compared to more intense exercise .
Get adequate sleep .
SOURCES
1. Blaylock , Russel , ed. " Omega - 3 : Nature 's Miracle Panacea " .
The Blaylock Wellness Report .
April , 2005 ; 2 ( 4 ) .
2. Simopoulos , Artemis .
" Omega - 3 Fatty Acids in Inflammation and Autoimmune Diseases " .
J Amer Coll Nutr .
2002 ; 21(6):495-505 .
3. Din , Jehangir N. , David E Newby , Andrew D Flapan .
" Omega - 3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease – fighting for a natural treatment " .
BMJ .
2004;328:30 -35 .
4. " Fish and Omega - 3 Fatty Acids " .
AMH Recommendation .
Americanheart.org .
5. Campbell , B et al . J Int Soc Sports Nutr 2007 , 4:8 .
6. Veldhorst , M et al .
" Protein induced satiety : effects and mechanisms of different proteins " .
Physiological Behavior . 2008;94(2 ) .
7 . " The effects of high protein diets on thermogenesis , satiety and weight loss : a critical reiew " .
J Am Coll Nutr. 2004 ;23(5 ) .
8. Paddon - Jones , D et al .
" Protein , weight management , and satiety " .
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
2008 ;87(5) :1558S-1561S .
9. Enig , Mary .
" A New Look at Coconut Oil " .
westonaprice.org .
10 . Rethinam , P. Muhatoyo .
" The Plain Truth About Coconut Oil " .
11 . Enig , Mary .
" Latest studies on coconut oil " .
Wise Traditions in Food , Farming , and the Healing Arts. Spring , 2006 ; 7( 1 ) .
12 . Enig , Mary .
" Know Your Fats " .
Silver Spring : Bethesda Press , 2000 .
13 . Seaton , T.B. , et al .
" Thermogenic effect of medium chain and long chain triglycerides in man " .
Am J of Clin Nutr.1986;44:630 .
14 . Hill , J. , et al .
" Thermogenesis in humans during overfeeding with medium chain triglycerides " .
Metabolism .1989 July ; 38( 7)641-8 .
15 . Jones , P. " Physiological effects of medium - chain triglycerides : potential agents in the prevention of obesity " .
J Nutr. 2002 March ; 132(3):329-32 .
16 . Hill , AM . , et al .
" Combining fish - oil supplements with regular aerobic exercise improves body composition and cardiovascular disease risk factors " .
17 . Kabir , M. , et al .
" Treatment for 2 mo with n- 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduces adiposity and some atherogenic factors but does not improve insulin sensitivity in women with type 2 diabetes : a randomized controlled study " .
Am J Clin Nutr .
2007;86(6) :1670 -79 .
18 . Thorsdottir , I. , et al .
" Randomized trial of weight loss diets for young adults varying in fish and fish oil content " .
Int J Obesity .
2007;31:1560-66 .
19 . FDA Poisonous Plant Database .
20 . Daniel , Kayla T. " The Whole Soy Story " .
Washington , New Trends Publishing , 2005 .
Guru ’s condition has been on the minds of fans , friends and family members but news has been somewhat difficult to get .
As news comes in , HipHopDX has kept you up to date .
However , this morning , Guru ’s nephew Justin Nicholas Elam - Ruff decided he would release a video about the situation from his perspective , speaking on his family ’s inability to get information on Guru ’s health status and adding that Solar , Guru ’s friend and producer , does not have Guru ’s best interest in mind through this ordeal .
“ [ Solar ] has primary control over the decisions made for Guru ’s health in the hospital .
Now , the last I checked , it was the family ’s right to have a say in what goes on in a hospital when a family member falls ill .
For some reason , it does n’t apply in this case , ” he adds .
“ After Guru fell ill , for reasons I will not disclose , he was checked into a New York Hospital , Tuesday , February 2 , 2010 .
Guru ’s family was not notified of this until Friday , February 16 , 2010 .
That means that two weeks went by before my family was notified by Solar that Guru was in the hospital . ”
He recounts that family members wanted to fly to New York to see Guru but that Solar advised them not to visit because Guru did not wish to be seen in that state .
A week later , he says family members flew to New York and found that Guru was in cardiac arrest and that he was in a coma .
He says Guru ’s sister and brother thought about changing paperwork to gain control over decisions on behalf of Guru , but “ they never acted on it . ”
“ A couple of days after Guru ’s siblings visited him , word got out to the public , ” he adds .
“ Since the information leaked , Solar has completely cut us off .
My family has no way of knowing what is going on with Guru ’s situation .
Solar has complete control over the flow of information given form the hospital and will not disclose any information with us .
The doctors and the staff will not discuss any information with Guru ’s family . ”
“ In order for the family to change the situation , we would have to hire a lawyer to take this to court and it would be sorted out over a couple of weeks .
Unfortunately , we do not have a couple of weeks . ”
He went on to say that Solar does not have Guru ’s best interest in mind , saying he is “ shocked ” by Solar ’s recent actions .
“ I know that Solar has been his right hand man , day in and day out for the last six years , but that does not give him the right to make decisions on whether or not his family gets to see Guru or learn about his status .
The fact that he is acting like this lets me know that he does not have his best interest in mind .
It is a control thing with Solar . ”
He adds that family members have tried to reach Solar , adding that he only responded to a text from Justin by saying Justin ’s mother was responsible for this :
“ Trish [ Justin ’s mother ] started this !
Guru would never have told her he was in the hospital .
This is horrible what she did !
Now I need to care for Guru. Peace . ”
Justin continued that Solar does n’t understand how this is affecting Guru ’s family .
“ Guru has always been there for me , since I was a little boy .
Whenever I reached out to him , he has always had my back .
He has exerted his time and energy to teach me countless lessons on the ways of the world , schooling me like the wise professor that he is , ” he added .
“ What Solar does n’t understand is that Guru is a part of who I am . ”
He maintained that he has always been present in his life , despite any issues with other members of the family and that this issue “ affects [ Justin ] to the core . ”
He said he is releasing this video so that others can know what is going on behind this tragic ordeal .
He added that he hopes the video is placed in the right hands .
“ I do not trust Solar .
There are many reasons why I know he is a very manipulative person and has been so with Guru throughout the course of their relationship .
Many people can attest to that .
I will not discuss , address those people nor the situations , since this is n’t the time to do so . ”
“ This statement was completely written by me , ” he said .
The video , with the full letter from Justin , is below .
The CHP posts are currently on a bit of a hiatus while I write up a couple of papers on CHP , and prepare for going to the SIGCSE conference as part of my day job .
In the mean time , it seems that a few people have picked up and begun using my Progression Haskell benchmarking library .
The problem with users is that they want new features .
So , spurred on by a couple of emails , I ’ve created a new release of the library : version 0.3 .
The changes in version 0.3 are all centred around the graphing ( which in turn caused changes to the config and command - line options ) .
John Millikin asked if I could support having versions as the groups on the X axis , and benchmarks as the lines — the opposite to the current arrangement .
He made the point that with few benchmarks and many versions this would provide a better visualisation .
I ’ve exposed the function that maps raw data into graphable data in the configuration , and have also added default ( exposed ) implementations for Progression ’s original transformation and the one that John wanted .
Furthermore , I added a function that supports normalisation of the data ( scaling by the corresponding benchmark times for the latest recorded version — perhaps I should make this configurable , too ? ) .
Normalisation should help if the benchmarks take noticeably different amounts of time — it is used by default , but configurable on the command - line .
Sebastian Fischer also emailed me to offer his opinion that my line graphs were inferior to bar charts , both in theory and in terms of visibility .
He ’s right , and I have now corrected this by offering a choice between line graphs and bar graphs —
I ’ve actually made bar graphs the new default .
I also made Progression print out its gnuplot script when it draws a graph — that way , if you know gnuplot and want to tweak something further manually , you can start with that script and work from there .
All of the above is configurable through Progression ’s Config data type , and via command - line options .
Here is a demonstration of a normalised bar graph , with benchmarks as the major groups and versions as sub- groupings ( i.e. a graph that uses the new defaults ) — click it for a larger version :
As ever , the new version of Progression is available on Hackage — you can also get the source from its public darcs repository : darcs get http://patch-tag.com/r/twistedsquare/progression
An expert has used Albert Einstein 's theory of general relativity to prove that spaceships and people will not be able to travel at the speed of light without suffering disastrous consequences .
The physicist shows that moving through space at the speed of light would expose both the crew and the hardware to massive level of radiation , coming mostly from the hydrogen atoms that exist in interstellar spaces .
It would appear that , at high speeds , these atoms turn into real land mines , which can kill any bunch of humans attempting to reach other stars faster , Space reports .
According to William Edelstein , who is a physicist at Johns Hopkins University ( JHU ) , accelerating to nearly the speed of light , or beyond , would make the small concentration of hydrogen atoms in the space between galaxies ( just two of them per cubic centimeter ) into explosives .
Based on advanced calculations derived from Einstein 's famous formula , a ship ramming into such an atom at the speed of light would trigger the production of massive amounts of radiation that would penetrate the hull and kill all living things in their path .
The announcement was made on February 13 in Washington DC , at the conference of the American Physical Society .
For more than 20 years , the expert has been investigating the possible effects and obstacles in creating spaceship capable of going at nearly the speed of light .
The goal was to investigate whether the creation of a ship that could go halfway around the Milky Way within ten years is feasible or not .
In theory , this is perfectly possible , as Einstein 's principle states that time slows down , and distances become smaller , as speed increases .
But actually traveling at such high speeds would expose the crew to a radiation dose of 61 sieverts per second .
Considering that only one tenth of this amount is fatal , it 's safe to say that nothing would live on the ship .
In addition , it 's also possible that the electronic systems on the spacecraft would be severely affected as well .
" Getting between stars is a huge problem unless we think of something really , really different .
I 'm not saying that we know everything and that it 's impossible .
I 'm saying it 's kind of impossible based on what we know right now , ” Edelstein concluded .
Sitting here in the pitch dark with only my laptop screen illuminating this musty , gnat - infested alcove , I am a lonely writer trying to form images , thoughts , and emotions into a coherent story about this day in Haiti .
My Mac is wired directly to a router in this “ used to be a restaurant ” , but “ it is now a hotel ” in Petionville .
The building is laid out more like a brothel , because up until two years ago it was .
Billie Holiday is looking over my shoulder from an old photo on the wall , dogs are snarling outside , there is shouting on the street , and every time a truck rumbles past the building it shakes just a little .
The earthquake happened eight weeks ago today at 4:53 pm .
Everyone on the street was talking about it .
It is a terrible anniversary of an event that lasted 34 seconds .
No one was untouched by death .
Right now I am wondering if it is a good idea to go back to my room on the third floor .
But there is nowhere else to go unless I want to pitch a tent on the hillside .
And so I procrastinate , because to tell the truth , it is difficult to force the mind to remember the events and impressions of this day .
There are a series of snapshots and video in folders labeled “ Day One ” and “ Day Two ” in Haiti .
I wanted to send a story to Dick and Sharon over at the LA Progressive , but was just too darned tired last night .
It still might be a good one .
All the photos and video are safely tucked away in the folder labeled “ Day One . ”
The writer will certainly get to them , but “ Day Two ” is where it all must begin .
“ Day Two ” was the day we planned to drive to St. Marc ’s , which is a seaside town about three hours north of Port au Prince .
Our goal was to find a woman , Ginette , who has a series of orthopedic problems and bone fractures resulting from injuries sustained during the earthquake .
It is a good story , but it will have to wait for the telling .
Before connecting with our driver , Andre , and a good strong cup of coffee , we encountered a Nicaraguan man who works with a German NGO .
The meeting evolved into a discussion regarding how ineffectual American aid and NGOs have been in Haiti .
The U.S. has been interested in Haiti since the days of the Panama Canal and has been its largest donor since 1973 .
Then from 2001 - 2004 the United States Chamber of Commerce forced an aid embargo upon Haiti ’s Jean - Bertrand Aristide ’s government .
This was the beginning of major societal problems , since Haiti had become disproportionately dependent on the foreign aid .
Along the way all of the free money was tied to U.S. meddling , military interests , interventions , coups and brutal regimes , most notably those of Papa and “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier .
Fraud and waste contributed to the shoddy infrastructure that caused buildings to collapse like accordions eight weeks ago .
“ You ( the U.S. ) put all of your money in soldiers , ” the Nicaraguan man charged .
I did not argue .
I had just come from a conference in Miami where American mercenaries were jousting for “ security ” contracts in Haiti .
The road north to St. Marc ’s has a terrible historical legacy and a sacred role post - earthquake .
There is a small area on the maps called Lafiteau .
It is the site of mass graves filled with the bodies of victims of the Duvaliers .
Now , it is also the tomb for 100,000 victims of the Port au Prince earthquake .
The excavation equipment is easily seen from the highway and it is still active .
More than 200,000 people lost their lives in Haiti in January .
The writer wanted to see this area to give some scope , dimension and context to 100,000 people , hoping that a visual image of the geography would prompt meaningful and descriptive words .
Driving into the area , one has to look carefully to see where the ground has been disturbed , and the immediate question that comes to mind is whether or not there will be a permanent memorial of some kind to honor the dead .
We found a few wooden stakes with numbers that seemed to indicate lots , and a row of white stones that marked a perimeter , but nothing that would indicate that 100,000 people were entombed .
So , the writer does what writers do and steps back , walking alone and searching for vowels and consonants that might describe what is unseen and impossible to understand .
Then something happens that challenges the morality and duty of the writer .
There is something on the ground that does not fit the pattern of stones and vegetation .
A pelvis attached to a spinal column is lying in the open .
Pieces of ribs , a wrist and a forearm are nearby .
The writer knows it is human but wants it to be something else .
It is familiar and something she has seen before .
The doctor with us confirms that what we see is male , a boy , really , who was 8 - 12 years old when he died .
Is it moral to take a photo ?
Who was this boy ?
He is all of the 100,000 and yet only one .
A shoe is nearby .
Perhaps someone will recognize he shoe ?
Impossible .
Yet , he had a mother .
What would his mother want ?
Is she alive ?
Is she searching for him ?
Is she buried here ?
The photo is taken and the discussion flows back and forth as to whether or not this photo should ever be seen .
It is sacred , as is the boy , as are the 100,000 .
The photo is his memorial and the writer decides to bury it forever .
We drive away in silence to continue on the quest to find the story named “ Ginette , ” but it becomes a story for another day .
The boy is with us for the rest of the morning .
He is with us at lunch and with us on the return to Port au Prince .
The three of us are quiet .
There is no discussion , none of the usual joking to break the tension of what we have seen in St. Marc ’s at the hospital while we were searching for Ginette .
“ I have a question for you , ” the writer asks Andre .
“ You might not like it . ”
“ Why wo n’t I like it ? ” Andre says .
“ Because our cultures are different and mine is telling me we need to go back and bury the boy . ”
“ I think it is a good idea , ” Andre says .
The doctor who is the father of the writer ’s child says it might not be a good idea .
The writer reminds him that if the boy were theirs , like their daughter , they would not want her out in the open like that .
It is a terrible discussion , but one that sears the boy into memory and brings death home .
We are all of us flesh , and ultimately bone .
So the doctor and the Haitian man , Andre , and the writer return to the boy .
The doctor puts on surgical gloves and moves the boy to a depression in the earth , while the writer and Andre carry stones to hide the bones .
The bones smell of sweet marrow .
There is no talking –only moving , carrying , placing , slipping , and carrying more .
The doctor finds the boy ’s leg bones nearby and so there is more moving and more carrying and more placing of stones .
It is finished .
The doctor moves away quickly .
Andre and the writer stand shoulder to shoulder and look at the rocks hiding the boy .
Prayers are whispered .
We leave his shoe lying nearby .
“ Do you feel better now ? ” Andre asks .
“ No better , but complete , ” the writer says .
We drive away and past the orange bulldozer that was the boy ’s pallbearer .
We think the pain is over and then we see a sign that reads “ We Need Help . ”
But that is another story .
We will call it “ Part Two of Day Two , ” and it is also in the folder with the photo of the boy .
The earthquake has shined a terrible light on Haiti , exposing all that was buried by greed , corruption , and lust for power .
Day
Three is only hours away .
Georgianne Nienaber
Crossposted with Huffington Post .
See also :
New Memphis FBI leader describes tighter connection to MPD
A new cooperation between the FBI and MPD 's homicide investigators comes as the city faces record - breaking violent crime .
Student enrollment in computer science has continued an upward trend that started last year .
Total enrollment by undergrad computer science majors is up 5.5 percent over last year , a shallower recovery than the year before .
However , the numbers on gender and ethnic diversity are less impressive , and the field has seen its first decline in PhD production since the 2001 - 2002 year .
Of the computer science departments that the Computing Research Association surveyed for information , 71 percent responded , a slight decline from last year 's 73 percent .
Their responses showed that computer science undergrad enrollment is up a total of 14 percent from when it bottomed out in 2007 .
Bachelor 's degree production declined by 12 percent in 2009 from the year before , an echo of the low enrollments from a few years back , when graduates first declared in computer science .
Females remain a small contingent of graduates , constituting 11.3 percent , and minority graduation rates declined 1.6 percent over the year before ( down to 10.1 percent ) .
Likewise , graduate programs have seen some statistical fluctuations .
For the first time since the 2001 - 2002 academic year , PhD Production rates have declined 6.9 percent in all computing - related study areas , and 7.8 percent in computer science .
Like bachelor 's degree production rates , this is partially an echo of low enrollment when graduate students started their programs in 2002 - 2003 .
The statistic may also reflect an unwilligness to enter the ravaged job market .
Total enrollment in PhD Programs has remained the same , though the percentage of new doctoral students from outside North America has gone up to 59.1 percent , compared to 54 percent last year .
PhD graduates have specialized more in security and architecture and less in databases , software engineering , and theory .
Only 47.1 percent of 2009 graduates entered industry , compared to 2008 's 56.6 percent .
The report 's authors suggest that this is a product of the new NSF Computing Innovation Fellows program , which provided more opportunities for postdoctoral studies in the academic world .
At the master 's level , there was a slight increase in new students , less than two percent .
The biggest difference was the increase of non-resident alien graduates to roughly two - thirds of those enrolled , up from 55.8 percent in 2008 .
Other master 's stats , like gender ratios , have held .
The bill requires ' congressional staff ' to buy insurance from the exchanges -- but defines the term narrowly .
Health bill may exempt top Hill staff
The health care reform bill signed into law by President Barack Obama Tuesday requires members of Congress and their office staffs to buy insurance through the state - run exchanges it creates – but it may exempt staffers who work for congressional committees or for party leaders in the House and Senate .
Staffers and members on both sides of the aisle call it an “ inequity ” and an “ outrage ” – a loophole that exempts the staffers most involved in writing and passing the bill from one of its key requirements .
Advertisement
The bill requires “ congressional staff ” to buy insurance from the exchanges – with a stipend from the Office of Personnel Management But page 158 of the bill defines “ congressional staff ” narrowly , as “ employees employed by the official office of a member of Congress , whether in the district office or in Washington . ”
The Congressional Research Service believes a court could rule that the legislation " would exclude professional committee staff , joint committee staff , some shared staff , as well as potentially those staff employed by leadership offices . ”
If that ’s so , staffers who work for Nancy Pelosi in her capacity as representative from California would go into the exchange program , while staffers who work for her in her capacity as speaker would stay on the government ’s plan .
Other Capitol employees , like those who work for the clerk of the House or the House historian , would be similarly exempted .
Republican Sens . Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and Chuck Grassley of Iowa , who both say they tried to correct the issue last year , are firing at Senate leaders , saying that Democrats purposely exempted upper - level staffers out of the bill .
Last September , the Senate Finance Committee adopted a Grassley amendment into its version of the bill , mandating that members of Congress and their staff get their health insurance through the exchanges .
It was agreed to by unanimous consent .
Coburn had earlier filed a similar amendment in the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , which passed with some Democratic support .
However , when the combined Senate bill came to the floor , the definition of staff had been narrowed .
Both senators filed a second amendment in December restating their original intent , but they say Democrats blocked it .
“ The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts leadership and committee staff .
This special deal for unelected staff underscores everything the public detests about the arrogance of power in Washington , ” Coburn said .
“ I tried to fix this inequity along with senators Grassley , Burr and Vitter , but Majority Leader [ Harry ] Reid obstructed our effort . ”
Reid spokesman Jim Manley acknowledged that the bill exempts committee staff but argued that leadership staff is not excluded .
As for why committee staff is excluded , Manley said that when leaders merged the health care bills from the Finance Committee and the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions ( HELP ) Committee , they took Coburn ’s language from the HELP Committee rather than Grassley ’s Finance Committee proposal because they feared Grassley ’s language was so broad that it would have required “ people like legislative counsel , Architect of the Capitol , etc. ” to participate in the exchanges , too .
Tonight , as the Senate moved toward the process of debating the reconciliation bill , Grassley offered yet another amendment to force all congressional staffers , as well as the president , vice president , cabinet members and top White House staff to buy coverage through the exchanges .
“ The new health care law creates two double standards .
The congressional staff who wrote the new law exempted themselves from the new health care system , while other staff will be in it , ” Grassley said today in a statement .
“ And , President Obama himself will not live under Obama health care .
The message to grassroots America is that it ’s good enough for you , but not for us . ”
While the amendment is unlikely to gain traction as Democrats are trying to prevent any major changes to the legislation , Rep. Michael Burgess ( R - Texas ) is in the process of drafting similar legislation that he expects to introduce as a standalone bill in the coming week or so .
Democrats could have a hard time voting against this issue ; the whole point of including members of Congress and their staffs in the first place was to allay concerns about hypocrisy .
A band of additional lawmakers , including Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R - Tenn . ) and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger ( D - Md. ) say they want the health care reform extended to all staffers .
“ It is ironic that the very staffers and members who were saying ‘ if you like what you have you can keep it , ’ are discovering that they may be the first casualties of that betrayal .
I bet that in the coming weeks , the hypocrisy of this loophole will pale in comparison to the other flaws we ’ll discover , ” Blackburn said .
Some Republican staffers are furious about what they see as special treatment for committee and leadership aides .
“ It is absolutely outrageous that the very people who were directly responsible for writing this legislation put in an exemption for themselves .
It ’s does n’t get much more self - serving than that , and it ’s downright offensive , ” said one Republican staffer .
The potential for different treatment also exasperates the envy some office staffers feel toward their committee counterparts .
“ There is a view held by many people that committee work is more stable .
It pays a little better and you ’re not as subject to the cyclical nature of elections , ” one House Republican staffer said .
“ So , there is a perception that overall , committee staff have better jobs .
This is an inequity . ”
Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) said he ’s heard nervous cloakroom and speaker ’s lobby staffers discussing their confusion over which staffers would be covered and which would not .
“ Staff is already buzzing about it .
It creates disillusionment because of the uncertainty .
Obviously staffers are anxious about it , ” Chaffetz said .
“ The whole bill is full of loopholes , it ’s such a mess . ”
OTTAWA — The Canadian political “ centre ” is shifting to the right , a new national poll suggests .
A Harris - Decima survey for the Manning Centre , says Canadians who identify themselves as in the centre of the political ideological scale are increasingly embracing traditionally “ conservative ” values .
Those include the “ supremacy of the family , ” an incremental approach to resolving problems , the definition of marriage and that abortion is “ morally wrong . ”
Pollsters Allan Gregg and Andre Turcotte said that most believe governments should play a minor role or no role in the regulation of individual behaviour and morality .
As for conservative government policies , the poll suggested a majority of Canadians supported spending deficits , abolishing the long gun registry , action on climate change , the decision to leave Afghanistan in 2011 , and management of the economic recession .
Gregg said there is an “ ambivalence ” among Canadians toward more notionally conservative views about the role of government in society .
A majority of Canadians still “ cling to the idea that government has a role in managing the economy . ”
However they are losing confidence in its ability to follow through in any meaningful way , showing more confidence in individual initiative and the private sector .
“ They are not overwhelmingly Conservative but it is shifting in that direction — that the private sector should be given a crack at solving issues and problems before we turn to the government , ” said Turcotte .
In reality , few identify outright as on the left .
“ The left is a very lonely place to be right now in Canada , ” said Turcotte .
But the pollster said it would be a mistake to believe the centre is a mushy - middle .
“ There are a lot of commonalities but also a number of very important differences , and in some ways it 's really about the conservatives – small ‘ c ’ conservatives — about how they use government to solve problems , ” Turcotte said .
Turcotte said Canadians do n't want an absolute minimalist approach to government .
“ The minute you go down that path , then the centrists get their back up and reject it , ” he said .
“ It 's hard for partisans or believers to come to grips with the messiness ” of Canadian political thought , said Gregg .
“ This ambivalence is not rooted in stupidity , it 's rooted in the Canadian conscience . ”
The pollsters concluded that the Conservatives “ currently own the political centre , ” said Turcotte .
He said it is a “ surprising shift ” from five elections ago , when 41 per cent of self - described centrists voted Liberal .
In 2008 , 47 per cent of centrists voted Conservative .
Another shift is anticipated when younger Canadians who want “ even less of government ” grow older , said Turcotte .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But Gregg also said there is room for electoral growth for the party that can redefine the role of government “ in a modern way that is unsatisfied by any of the political alternatives out there ” right now .
Gregg and Turcotte presented the poll results to a networking conference for conservatives organized by the Manning Centre .
The survey was conducted through phone interviews with 1,000 adult Canadians between Feb. 1 - 10 , and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 per cent .
100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
100 % ( 1 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
Dow 1000 is Not a Silly Number
Save Save Dow 1000 is Not a Silly Number For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
It did n't take Sherlock Holmes to solve the case of the missing hockey equipment , but Sidney Crosby 's missing gear finally has been located .
Crosby 's glove and the stick he used to score the overtime , gold medal - winning goal had gone missing following the celebration Feb. 28 in Vancouver .
Scott Salmond , Hockey Canada 's director of men's national teams , led a search for the equipment by communicating with various team and event staff as well as partners over the past week to track various shipments .
Crosby 's stick was located in a shipment that was headed to the IIHF Hall of Fame .
The stick had been inadvertently given to the IIHF on the belief that it was not the game stick .
Crosby was shown photos of the stick in question , and he identified it as the stick he used .
The glove was found by Team Canada teammate Patrice Bergeron when he unpacked one of his equipment bags .
Both items are being returned to Crosby .
" I want to thank everyone at VANOC , the team equipment managers , a number of Hockey Canada partners and the International Ice Hockey Federation in helping us track and locate several shipments to find the missing items , " said Salmond .
" With everyone 's cooperation , we were able to locate these items and are pleased to be able to return the stick and glove to its rightful owner . "
Do n't get Rep. Anthony Weiner angry
You would n't like him when he 's angry .
Watch this through to at least the third minute , by which time a Republican has pulled a parliamentary maneuver to stop Weiner and give him a chance to take back his words , and Weiner substitutes his words for , uh , other words .
Comity is not reigning in the U.S. House of Representatives on the eve of the bipartisan summit .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
The newest version of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer will feature full hardware acceleration and a new Javascript engine that engages multiple processor cores for faster rendering , the company has announced .
The new version aso reverses the software giant 's reluctance to adapt to HTML 5 .
The company released a developer preview of Internet Explorer 9 at the MIX10 developer conference in Las Vegas on Tuesday .
Rough Draft
The preview is not a fully functioning browser , lacking crucial tidbits such as an address bar , for instance .
It 's designed to give developers a feel for the core capabilities of what will eventually be released .
Microsoft is n't saying when it will come out .
In a statement Wednesday , the company said it expects to release new preview versions every eight weeks until the release goes to beta , but it did not say when that might occur .
The new version will feature full hardware acceleration of graphics and text , support for HTML 5 , CSS3 and a new Javascript engine that takes advantage of multicore processors .
The advances are meant to reduce limitations on Web design and development imposed by current implementations , Microsoft said .
Consequently , the new browser will not work on Windows XP .
Early Praise
The advances are being well received by developers , Forrester analyst Sheri McLeish told TechNewsWorld .
" They 're looking to regain a leadership role here and to really dazzle developers by really showing their commitment to HTML 5 and its potential , " she said .
By moving to hardware acceleration , IE9 will enable faster rendering of animations and video , allowing developers to create beefier Web sites that software - based rendering schemes just could n't handle , she noted .
Why It 's Important
Creating a great next version of Explorer is critical for Microsoft as it attempts to build on the early success of Windows 7 .
In all its incarnations , Explorer is still the most widely used browser , with a 61.6 percent market share in February , according to Net Applications .
That 's down from a recent peak of about 68 percent in May 2009 , shortly after the current version was released .
In that time , the fastest - growing browser has been Google Chrome , which now has about 5.6 percent of the market , according to Net Applications .
Maintaining or extending market share is important to Microsoft and Google , particularly , because it allows them to cross - promote other products , such as Bing for Microsoft or productivity apps for Google , McLeish said .
She said she does not anticipate the lack of XP support to have much of a detrimental effect on IE9 adoption , or Microsoft 's market share .
Many enterprise customers running XP are expected to upgrade to Windows 7 as Microsoft phases out support for the older operating system , helping spur adoption of the new browser while simultaneously helping kill off IE6 , which both Microsoft and many in the developer community would like to see disappear .
Home | Trading | Search | Crafting | Profiles | Lists | Forums | About
Get a premium account and receive special benefits like unusual hat searches and drop notifications .
Click here for more info .
Top Viewed Backpacks
Created by : Tony " Drunken F00l " Paloma from SourceOP.com
Page generation time : 0.1425sec
Coca - Cola has been asked to pay $ 50 million in compensation for alleged environmental damage caused at a bottling plant in southern Indian .
The Palakkad plant was forced to close in 2005 after activists and residents protested , accusing the company of depleting the groundwater and damaging farmland and the local environment by dumping waste .
The company insists the charges against it are unfounded .
But the state of Kerala 's Communist - run government has accepted the findings of a panel that investigated the allegations and recommended the fine .
" Several studies were conducted and they revealed that the Coca - Cola plant has contaminated the water and soil of the area .
So the company must pay for it , " NK Premachandran , the state minister for water , said .
Mr Premachandran says Coca - Cola must pay for the damage it has allegedly caused .
Coca - Cola dismissed the panel 's findings , saying that any claim must be taken to the courts .
It said numerous investigations by the state government and others had cleared the company of any wrong - doing .
" Based on scientific evaluation , our Palakkad plant operations have not been shown to be the cause of local watershed issues , " it said in a statement .
" It is unfortunate that the committee in Kerala was appointed on the unproven assumption that damage was caused , and that it was caused by Hindustan Coca - Cola Beverages . "
- ABC/AFP
Update : I converted this post in a new GnomeGoal , see here
Update 2 : Added some more tips
Autotools is the most common system to build programs in GTK +/ GNOME projects .
Remove deprecated macros for our configure .ac file and use the new syntax will do our build system more legible and portable
The Autotools comes with a program to make the work for us , simply run
autoupdate
in you source tree and you have a new updated configure.ac .
( Checks the result for possibles errors )
Some more tips :
Respect the standard configure .ac layout
﻿ Try to avoid the use of AM_MAINTAINER_MODE .
AM_MAINTAINER_MODE
( called like that ) disables dependency - checking for autotools - generated stuff .
AM_MAINTAINER_MODE ( [ enabled ] ) retains the default behavior , but lets users pass a configure option to disable the dependency checking .
So , if you really need this macro , use AM_MAINTAINER_MODE ( [ enabled ] ) .
See the automake manual for a extended explanation
. ( called like that ) disables dependency - checking for autotools - generated stuff .
retains the default behavior , but lets users pass a configure option to disable the dependency checking .
So , if you really need this macro , use .
See the automake manual for a extended explanation Use all the parameters of AC_INIT ( ) ( for the fifth parameter you need autoconf >= 2.64 ) :
AC_INIT ( [ Glom ] , [ 1.13.2 ] , [ http://bugzilla.gnome.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Glom],[glom],[http://www.glom.org/])
Use updated versions of the programs ( all of these versions ( and newer ) are present in Debian stable ) : automake >= 1.11.1 ( AM_INIT_AUTOMAKE ( [ 1.11.1 ] ) ) ( or 1.10.3 , Automake < 1.10.3 and 1.11 are known to be suffering from critical security issues ) autoconf >= 2.64 ( AC_PREREQ ( 2.64 ) ) libtool >= 2.2.6 ( LT_PREREQ ( [ 2.2.6 ] ) ) intltool >= 0.40.0 ( IT_PROG_INTLTOOL ( [ 0.40.0 ] ) )
﻿ Take a look to all AM_INIT_AUTOMAKE ( ) posible parameters .
For example , to use 1.11.1 automake version and generate bzip2 distribution tarballs in addition to the gzip ’ed :
AM_INIT_AUTOMAKE ( [ 1.11.1 dist-bzip2 ] )
Use LT_INIT ( ) syntax for libtool ( needs libtool >= 2.2.0 ) .
More info about LT_INIT ( ) .
For example , change this :
AC_LIBTOOL_DLOPEN AC_LIBTOOL_WIN32_DLL
AC_DISABLE_STATIC
AM_PROG_LIBTOOL
For this :
LT_PREREQ ( [ 2.2.6 ] ) LT_INIT ( [ dlopen win32-dll disable - static ] )
Do n’t use GNOME_COMMON_INIT , as it does not work with autoreconf .
Simply add this to your Makefile.am .
( You have to define the macros dir in your configure.ac , in this case : AC_CONFIG_MACRO_DIR ( [ m4 ] ) )
ACLOCAL_AMFLAGS = - I m4 $ {ACLOCAL_FLAGS}
Use gnome - common macros for compile warnings macros instead custom ones .
Also use GNOME_MAINTAINER_MODE_DEFINES
to get warnings when using deprecated symbols :
GNOME_COMPILE_WARNINGS ( [ maximum ] ) GNOME_CXX_WARNINGS ( [yes ] ) GNOME_MAINTAINER_MODE_DEFINES
Other tips
Feel free to suggest more tips in the comments !
Some documentation :
Further to yesterday ’s entry , we can now determine exactly how much of the podium Canada owns .
To determine the “ winner ” of the Olympics , you need to determine the relative values of gold , silver , and bronze medals ( with the assumption that non-medalers do not count , which is arguably false , but necessary in order to stop me from spending the night compiling broader lists ) .
The final medal standings are ( from nbcolympics.com ) :
So , if you count every medal equally , then the USA won ; if you only count gold , Canada won .
But what if you count things 5 for a gold , 3 for a silver , and 1 for a bronze ?
Then the USA wins .
How about 10 , 5 , 1 ? That would be Canada .
Is there a set of points for Germany to win ?
It turns out there is not : anyone with operations research training would fiddle around for a while and figure out that 3/4 of the US medals plus 1/4 of the Canadian medals dominates the German medal counts .
Everyone else is dominated by the USA : only Canada and the USA might win for a given set of medal weights .
Now not every point system makes sense .
Giving 10 points for a bronze and 1 point for a gold might match up with certain egalitarian views , but would not really be in keeping with a competition .
So we can limit ourselves to point systems with gold >= silver >= bronze .
Further , we can normalize things by making the weights add up to 1 ( since multiplying a weighting by a constant number across the scores does n’t change the ordering ) and having the weights be non-negative ( since getting a medal should n’t hurt your score ) .
This gives a base set of linear equalities / inequalities .
If we let wg , ws , and wb be the weights for gold , silver and bronze , we are interested in weights which satisfy
wg >= ws >= wb
wg+ws+wb = 1
wg , ws , wb >= 0
Now , which weights favor Canada ?
It turns out that , with some basic algebra , you can deduce ( using the medal counts above ) that Canada wins whenever wg > 8/13 ( and ties with wg= 8/13 ) .
So as long as you put more than 61.5385 % of the weight on gold , Canada wins .
This amounts to about 45.25 % of the feasible region .
USA wins on the remaniing 54.75 % of the region .
If Canada had won one more silver medal , they would have prevailed on more than half the reasonable region .
The diagram illustrates the weights for the USA and Canada , giving only the weights for gold and silver ( the weight for bronze is 1 - gold - silver ) .
The red region are the weights where Canada wins ; the blue is for the USA .
Point A is “ all medals are equal ” ; Point B is “ count only gold and silver ” ; Point C is “ Count only gold ” .
The yellow line corresponds to the weight on gold equaling 8/13 .
Bottom line : on this measure , the USA won the Olympics in an extraordinarily close race .
Canada may not have “ Owned the Podium ” but they came darn close .
Today is Denim Day , an annual event dedicated to raising awareness about all forms of sexual violence .
I love Denim Day ’s “ No Excuses ” campaign [ PDF ] , which illustrates a dozen ways that people manage to excuse sexual assault , blame victims , and ignore that the crimes even happen .
The effectiveness of the campaign lies in its relentlessness — - it details exactly how we excuse rapes against girlfriends , wives , women who drink , men , prisoners , the elderly , flirts , military personnel , sex workers , women who wear “ sexy ” clothing , and the disabled .
It ’s extremely important to unpack all the myths and excuses provided around sexual assault together .
When we detail every way that rape apologists shift their justifications to fit the circumstances of each crime , we reveal that these excuses really are n’t about what assault victims are wearing , or who they ’re dating , or what crimes they ’ve committed in the past — - it ’s about the people in our society who just do n’t care to stop sexual assault .
When you add up all the excuses , you ’d be hard pressed to find an instance of sexual violence that ca n’t be explained away through the cultural script :
Here are Denim Day ’s 12 examples of ways we discount sexual assaults :
# 1 SHE WAS WEARING TIGHT JEANS :
In 1999 , the Italian High Court overturned a rape conviction because the victim was wearing tight jeans at the time of the assault .
The justices stated that the victim must have helped her attacker remove her jeans , from which they inferred consent .
People all around the world were outraged .
Wearing jeans on this anniversary became an international symbol of protest against erroneous and destructive attitudes abotu sexual violence .
# 2 SHE WAS ASKING FOR IT :
It is often believed that sexy or suggestive clothing invites wanted male attention , positive or negative .
Regardless , wearing revealing clothing does not invite sexual assault .
In fact , women and girls have been raped in everything from jeans to business suits to pajamas .
This belief reinforces the myth that women and girls invite assault by their clothing choices and shifts the blame for the crime to the victim and away from the perpetrator , where it belongs .
# 3 SHE WAS FLIRTING ONLINE :
Teenagers and children have increasingly become targets for predators both online and via mobile devices .
Predators today will use social networking sites to contact youth and convince them that the “ stranger ” is a “ friend .
” This connection increases the child / teen ’s trust in them and interest in sexual relations .
Learning about the dangers of internet use and speaking about them openly can help minimize the risks from those who wish to abuse .
# 4 SHE WAS HIS STEADY GIRLFRIEND :
One of the most common misconceptions is that most rapes are committed by strangers .
In reality , more than 75 % of sexual assaults are committed by someone the survivor knew and trusted — - such as a teacher , co-worker , relative , friend , or even their steady girlfriend or boyfriend .
Just because someone has consented to a sexual act in the past does not give someone the right to assume consent and force or coerce sexual contact .
# 5 SHE WAS DRUNK AND PARTYING :
It is commonly believed that because a woman is drinking she somehow invites rape .
In most states , it is against the law to have sex with someone who is unable to give legal consent .
Coercing or forcing sex without consent is considered rape / sexual violence .
If convicted of this crime , a perpetrator would likely have to register as a sex offender .
#6 HE HAD IT COMING :
Male anger and violence is afflicted upon other men and not just women .
Rape is a violent act of power and control that damages the victim — - male or female .
The socialization of men creates immense challenges for them to disclose any type of sexual victimization .
# 7 SHE WAS HIS WIFE :
Spousal rape or marital rape is often unreported and overlooked .
There is a widely held view that a woman surrenders consent at the time of marriage , and is responsible for satisfying all her husband ’s needs and desires in order to be a good wife .
The law has been slow to criminalize marital rape , but it is now recognized as a crime in all 50 states .
#8 I HAVE TO DO EVERYTHING FOR HER :
Sexual assault is a function of power and control .
Frail older persons are often dependent on others for care and can be extremely vulnerable to sexual mistreatment .
96 % of sexual abuse of elder persons is committed by a family member or a caretaker .
86 % of elder sexual assault victims are women .
#9 THE INTENSITY GOT TO HIM :
Today , there are more women serving in the military than ever before .
However , women soldiers who signed up to defend their countries have instead had to defend themselves from assault and rape by their own fellow soldiers and in some cases their commanding officers .
The phenomena is not only unique to women , but inclusive of men as well .
Military sexual violence has occurred during training , times of peace , and times of war .
# 10 SHE HAS SEX FOR MONEY :
Because a sex worker exchanges a sex act for money does not mean that they can not be raped or deserve to be sexually violated .
Someone ’s choices in profession , lifestyle , and appearance do not give anyone the right to rape , assault , or otherwise hurt them .
# 11 SHE CANNOT HEAR , TALK , OR REPORT :
According to a survey by the U.S. Department of Justice , rates of rape and sexual assault among persons who are deaf or disabled are more than twice that of the general population .
Persons who are deaf or have a disibility are also more likely to experience repeated sexual assaults throughout their lifetimes .
The perception of vulnerability or inability to report does not give someone the right to force or coerce sexual contact .
# 12 RAPE IS NOT PART OF THE SENTENCE :
Every year , more than 100,000 U.S. male and female inmates are sexually abused by other inmates or correctional staff .
More often than not , the perpetrators are correctional staff , whose very job it is to keep prisoners safe .
When the government removes someone ’s liberty , it takes on an absolute responsibility to protect that person ’s safety .
Rape is not part of the penalty .
In the aftermath , most prisoner rape survivors are forced to suffer in silence , too fearful of retaliation and further abuse ever to file a formal report .
Rape is an abomination , whether it occurs in jail or in the community .
See a pattern emerging here ?
No , me neither .
We excuse rape if she ’s a “ bad girl . ”
We excuse rape if she ’s a “ good wife . ”
We excuse rape if her clothes are too difficult to remove .
We excuse rape if her clothes are too easy to remove .
We excuse rape if he ’s a man .
We excuse rape if the victim is serving time .
We excuse rape if the victim is serving our country .
In short , we excuse rape .
And Denim Day ’s 12 excuses are hardly an exhaustive list :
Off the top of my head , I ’d also add “ She was transgender ” and “ We must protect the reputation of the Catholic Church . ”
I imagine a list of all the sexual assault scenarios that are never discounted , disbelieved , or brushed under the rug would be much , much shorter .
UPDATE : The Nielsen Co. estimates that 106.5 million people watched Super Bowl XLIV on Sunday , making it the most - watched television program in history , surpassing the 1983 finale of M* A * S*H , which had 105.97 million viewers .
But consider that the population of the United States is 31 % larger than it was in 1983 .
The population in the U.S. was 235,000,000 in 1983 and 308,700,000 now , according to U.S. government figures .
Still , it 's a pretty impressive number that the Saints and Colts drew on CBS on Sunday .
***
CBS ' broadcast of Super Bowl XLIV , in which Drew Brees and the New Orleans Saints toppled Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts for the franchise 's first NFL championship , scored the highest television ratings in 23 years .
Overnight ratings show the game scored a 46.4 rating ( percentage of homes surveyed in 56 selected markets ) and a 68 share ( percentage of TVs in use tuned to Super Bowl ) in metered markets , up 10 % from last year when the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Arizona Cardinals with a last - minute touchdown .
This year 's championship game garnered the highest rating in metered markets since Phil Simms and New York Giants beat the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XXI in 1987 .
Sunday 's broadcast peaked in viewership between 9:30 - 9:45 p.m. ET with a 50.6 rating .
The individual markets that scored the highest ratings were :
1. New Orleans ( 56.3 /82 share )
2. Washington D.C. ( 56.0/73 share )
3. Nashville ( 54.4/73 share )
4. Indianapolis ( 54.2/80 share )
5. Columbus , Ohio ( 54.0 /74 share )
-- Tim Gardner
See the new way to press Tofu – and More .
Welcome to TofuXpress , the new way to press tofu .
Everyone knows tofu is great for you .
It ’s a great source of protein , low in fat , high in nutrients like calcium , and versatile .
It ’s the protein of choice for those that choose healthy eating over high fat proteins .
And its not just for vegetarians any more .
Everyone also knows it ’s not easy to prepare for cooking – its watery , has a slight flavor , and a very soft texture .
It ’s hard to grill and lacks a chewy texture .
Draining tofu and pressing tofu can be messy and cumbersome .
The TofuXpress makes pressed tofu incredibly easy !
No more plates , weights , cutting boards , and paper towels that end up in the trash .
The TofuXpress , the gourmet food press and tofu press is simple , clean , compact , durable , and very easy to use !
Now you can marinate tofu too .
Press tofu then add a marinade and make marinated tofu all with the TofuXpress .
Baked tofu is great once you press your tofu .
Press tofu and then bake tofu .
And you can even fry tofu !
Who would have thought you can even make Tofu Crème Brulee !
This kitchen tool is no one - trick pony .
It works great in making macrobiotic pressed salads , paneer cheese , yogurt cheese , and Greek - style yogurt .
The TofuXpress presses veggies too .
No more messes with chopped spinach either .
Grilled tofu is possible with this versatile tofu press .
Grilling tofu now actually tastes great and the texture is meatier .
The TofuXpress Gourmet Tofu Press and Food Press is the kitchen tool for the home chef and foodie that wants to eat more Green Protein TM , Plant protein , and leave a greener footprint !
The Tofuxpress has been featured on about.com and was highlighted on ABC ’s World News with on Diane Sawyer “ Made in America ” .
Grill tofu , bake tofu , marinate tofu , press tofu , drain tofu .
Its changing the way the world thinks about tofu !
Several well - known forecasters — including John Coleman in San Diego and Anthony Watts , a retired Chico , Calif. , weatherman who now has a popular blog — have been vociferous in their critiques of global warming .
The dissent has been heightened by recent challenges to climate science , including the discovery of errors in the 2007 report by the United Nations ’
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the unauthorized release of e-mail messages from a British climate research center last fall that skeptics say show that climate scientists had tried to suppress data .
“ In a sense the question is who owns the atmosphere : the people who predict it every day or the people who predict it for the next 50 years ? ” said Bob Henson , a science writer for the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research , who trained as a meteorologist and has followed the divide between the two groups .
Mr. Henson added , “ And the level of tension has really spiked in recent months . ”
The reasons behind the divergence in views are complex .
The American Meteorological Society , which confers its coveted seal of approval on qualified weather forecasters , has affirmed the conclusion of the United Nations ’ climate panel that warming is occurring and that human activities are very likely the cause .
In a statement sent to Congress in 2009 , the meteorological society warned that the buildup of heat - trapping gases like carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would lead to “ major negative consequences . ”
Yet , climate scientists use very different scientific methods from the meteorologists .
Heidi Cullen , a climatologist who straddled the two worlds when she worked at the Weather Channel , noted that meteorologists used models that were intensely sensitive to small changes in the atmosphere but had little accuracy more than seven days out .
Dr. Cullen said meteorologists are often dubious about the work of climate scientists , who use complex models to estimate the effects of climate trends decades in the future .
But the cynicism , said Dr. Cullen , who now works for Climate Central , a nonprofit group that works to bring the science of climate change to the public , is in her opinion unwarranted .
“ They are not trying to predict the weather for 2050 , just generally say that it will be hotter , ” Dr. Cullen said of climatologists .
“ And just like I can predict August will be warmer than January , I can predict that . ”
WASHINGTON — Following revelations last week that priests in Wisconsin and Italy were responsible for molesting more than 250 young deaf boys , millions around the country expressed shock and outrage over the very thing they had been endlessly milking as a source of humor for the past 10 years .
" I am stunned and disgusted that this incredibly abhorrent thing that I was just joking with a coworker about the other day has actually occurred , " Seattle resident Jess Voigt said .
" Even though I have been humorously referring to this particular subject almost nonstop for the past decade , I am absolutely blindsided by this unexpected and disturbing news . "
Members of the American populace vowed to shake their heads and drop the subject from their ribald office banter for at least two weeks before drawing on these unfortunate events to make approximately 13 million more jokes about choirboys .
Advertisement
One of the hallmarks of marijuana culture is the willingness of tokers to share their supply with others .
But an incident in Boulder yesterday takes that generosity to a whole new level .
That 's because charity workers going through a donation bin found a bag of pot worth approximately $ 8,000 .
Do n't look for its contents on the shelves of your local Goodwill , though .
The volunteers turned over this gift to members of the Boulder Police Department , who do n't plan on putting it up for sale alongside old Carpenters albums and VCRs .
BPD spokeswoman Sarah Huntley has the story :
" One of our local charities has a collection bin outside the Barnes and Noble , at 2915 Pearl Street .
From time to time , they go through the inventory -- sort through what 's been donated to see what 's going to be resold .
And about 12:15 p.m. yesterday , they notified the police that they 'd found a bag filled with a green , leafy substance .
" When we investigated further , we found that it was marijuana .
It was a little less than two pounds , and our officers estimate that it has a street value of about $ 8,000 . "
Yes , Huntley confirms , " We will be destroying it .
That 's our policy . "
As for a possible investigation , Huntley says , " There 's nothing in the bag that leads us to any better understanding of who it belongs to or why it was left there . "
This lack of identification presents a problem for anyone ballsy enough to contact the department to claim they put the marijuana in the bin by accident and they want it back .
" We 're not going to just hand over a bag of marijuana to someone who says it was theirs , " Huntley points out .
" They 'd have to have some substantial proof it was theirs and that they had it for a legitimate reason .
So I would say that 's very unlikely . "
Likewise , it 's a longshot that the person who put the bag in the bin got a receipt for doing so , which is a pity .
After all , the donation would have made one helluva tax deduction -- not to mention a big hit with customers .
Soccer : Blasphemy cards to be used ' with care ' CONI chief responds to criticism of campaign
( ANSA ) - Rome , March 17 - Italian soccer 's new crackdown on blasphemous comments by players and coaches should be applied " with common sense , " the head of the Italian Olympic Committee ( CONI ) said Wednesday .
Responding to protests from clubs , CONI President Gianni Petrucci recalled that blasphemy is a crime under Italian law and he was glad to have suggested the campaign to Italian Soccer Federation chief Giancarlo Abete .
Petrucci , whose organisation oversees all Italian sport , said the campaign to give offending players red cards would go ahead but " FIGC will apply it with common sense " .
" Blasphemy is not at all a secondary thing , " he insisted , " but we have to handle it with care " .
The drive to stamp out irreligious oaths has claimed international headlines and spurred protests from coaches including Juventus 's Alberto Zaccheroni who said " championships could be altered by this overzealous campaign " .
Also contentious is the use of TV replays and lip readers to determine if an oath was actually uttered .
A player was recently acquitted after it was established that he said ' Porco Diaz ' , an alleged northern Italian dialect expression , instead of a well - known expletive against God .
A Serie A coach , one Serie A player and four Serie B players have received one - match blasphemy bans since the initiative kicked off at the start of the month .
In an amateur match , three red cards were handed out for sacrilegious language , leaving one team with ten men and the other with nine .
“ If you are n’t a programmer you are one of the programmed . ”
A snippet of Doug ’s talk at SXSW calling for engaged technocitizenship .
A simple typo gave Michael Ivey the idea for his company .
One day in the fall of 2008 , Ivey ’s wife , using her pink RAZR phone , sent him a note via Twitter .
But instead of typing the letter d at the beginning of the tweet — which would have sent the note as a direct message , a private note just for Ivey — she hit p .
It could have been an embarrassing snafu , but instead it sparked a brainstorm .
That ’s how you should pay people , Ivey publicly replied .
Ivey ’s friends quickly jumped into the conversation , enthusiastically endorsing the idea .
Ivey , a computer programmer based in Alabama , began wondering if he and his wife had n’t hit on something :
What if people could transfer money over Twitter for next to nothing , simply by typing a username and a dollar amount ?
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
9000 BC : Cows
The rise of agriculture made commodities like cattle and grain ideal proto-currencies :
Since everyone knew what a heifer or a bushel was worth , the system was more efficient than barter .
Just a decade ago , the idea of moving money that quickly and cheaply would have been ridiculous .
Checks took ages to clear .
Transferring money from one bank account to another could take days , as banks leisurely handed off funds , levying fees nearly every step of the way .
Credit cards made it a little easier to pass money to a friend — provided that friend owned a credit card reader and did n’t mind paying a few percentage points in fees or waiting a couple of days for the payment to process .
Ivey got around that problem by using PayPal .
Since 1998 , PayPal had enabled people to transfer money to each other instantly .
For the most part , its powers were confined to eBay , the online auction company that purchased PayPal in 2002 .
But last summer , PayPal began giving a small group of developers access to its code , allowing them to work with its super - sophisticated transaction framework .
Ivey immediately used it to link users ’
Twitter accounts to their PayPal accounts , and his new company , Twitpay , took off .
Today , the service has almost 15,000 users .
That may not sound like much , but it sends a message : Moving money , once a function managed only by the biggest companies in the world , is now a feature available to any code jockey .
Ivey is just one of hundreds of engineers and entrepreneurs who are attacking the payment ecosystem , seeking out ways small and large to tear down the stronghold the banks and credit card companies have built .
Square , a new company founded by Twitter cocreator Jack Dorsey , lets anyone accept physical credit card payments through a smartphone or computer by plugging in a free sugar - cube - sized device — no expensive card reader required .
A startup called Obopay , which has received funding from Nokia , allows phone owners to transfer money to one another with nothing more than a PIN .
Amazon.com and Google are both distributing their shopping cart technologies across the Internet , letting even the lowliest etailers process credit cards for less than the old price , cutting out middlemen , and figuring out ways to bundle payments to sidestep the credit card companies ’ constant nickel - and - diming .
Facebook appears to be building its own payment system for virtual goods purchased on its social network and on external sites .
And last March , Apple gave iTunes developers the ability to charge subscription fees through their applications , making iTunes the gateway for an entirely new breed of transaction .
When Research in Motion announced a similar initiative last fall at a session of the BlackBerry Developer Conference in San Francisco , programmers crowded the room , spilling out into the hallway .
About 20 percent of all online transactions now take place over so - called alternative payment systems , according to consulting firm Javelin Strategy and Research .
It expects that number to grow to nearly 30 percent in just three years .
But perhaps nobody is as ambitious as PayPal .
In November , it further opened up its code , giving anyone with rudimentary programming skills access to the kind of technology and payment - industry experience that Ivey used to build Twitpay .
The move could unleash a wave of innovation unlike any we ’ve seen since self - publishing came to the Web .
Two months after PayPal opened its platform , 15,000 developers had used it to create new payment services , sending $ 15 million through the company ’s pipes .
Software developer Big in Japan , whose ShopSavvy program lets people find an item ’s cheapest price by scanning its barcode , used PayPal to add a “ quick pay ” button to its app .
LiveOps , a call - center outsourcing firm , built a tool that streamlined payments to its operators , turning what had been a nightmare of invoicing and time - tracking into an automated process .
Previously , anybody who wanted to create a service like this would have had to navigate a morass of state and federal regulations and licensing bodies .
But now engineers can focus on building applications , while leaving the regulatory and risk - management issues to PayPal .
“ I can focus on the social side of the business and not on touching money , ” as Ivey puts it .
PayPal is just the latest company to try to harness the creative powers of the open Internet .
Google created a platform that lets anyone buy or display online advertisements .
Facebook allows any developer to write applications for its social network , and Apple does the same with its iTunes App Store .
Amazon ’s Web Services provides developers the cloud - based processing power and storage space they need to build applications and services .
Now PayPal has brought this same spirit of innovation and experimentation to the world of payments .
Your wallet may never be the same .
Rate of Exchange One US dollar translated into various virtual currencies . *
Social Network
Massively Multiplayer Role - Playing Game
Digital Marketplace 10 Facebook Credits >>>
10 Facebook Credits 125-170 WOW
Gold ( World of Warcraft ) >>>
125-170 WOW Gold ( ) 80 Microsoft Points >>>
80 Microsoft Points 10 Project Entropia Dollars ( Entropia Universe ) >>>
10 Project Entropia Dollars ( Entropia Universe ) 6 Q coins ( QQ.com ) >>>
6 Q coins ( QQ.com ) 250 Linden Dollars ( Second Life ) >>>
250 Linden Dollars ( Second Life ) 1,500,000 Star Wars Galaxies Credits >>>
1,500,000 Credits 6 Habbo Coins ( Habbo Hotel ) >>>
6 Habbo Coins ( Habbo Hotel ) 10 Twollars ( Twitter ) >>>
10 Twollars ( Twitter ) 100 Nintendo points >>>
100 Nintendo points 1,000 IMVU credits >>>
1,000 IMVU credits 80 hi5 coins >>>
80 hi5 coins 5 Farm Cash ( FarmVille ) >>>
5 Farm Cash ( FarmVille ) 5.71 WildCoins ( WildTangent WildGames ) >>>
5.71 WildCoins ( WildTangent WildGames ) 2,000 Therebucks >>>
2,000 Therebucks 100 Whyville Pearls >>>
100 Whyville Pearls 25,000,000 ISK ( EVE Online ) >>>
25,000,000 ISK ( EVE Online ) 0.75 Mahalo Dollars >>>
0.75 Mahalo Dollars 4 Zealies ( Dogster ) >>>
4 Zealies ( Dogster ) 10 Ven ( Hub Culture ) * Values are approximate .
Not all currencies are pegged to the dollar , and many are not intended to be exchanged for cash .
The banks and credit card companies have spent 50 years building a proprietary , locked - down system that handles roughly $ 2 trillion in credit card transactions and another $ 1.3 trillion in debit card transactions every year .
Until recently , vendors had little choice but to participate in this system , even though — like a medieval toll road — it is long and bumpy and full of intermediaries eager to take their cut .
Take the common swipe .
When a retailer initiates a transaction , the store ’s point - of - sale system provider — the company that leases out the industrial - gray card reader to the merchant for a monthly fee — registers the sale price and passes the information on to the store ’s bank .
The bank records its fee and passes on the purchase information to the credit card company .
The credit card company then takes its share , authorizes all the previous fees , and sends the information to the buyer ’s bank , which routes the remaining balance back to the store .
All in all , it takes between 24 and 72 hours for the vendor to get any money , and along the way up to 3.5 percent of the sale has been siphoned away .
In the earliest days of credit cards , those fees paid for an important service .
Until the late 1950s , each card was usually tied to a single bank or merchant , limiting its usefulness and resulting in a walletload of unique cards .
But when BankAmericard — later renamed Visa — offered to split its fees with other banks , those banks began to offer Visa cards to their customers , and merchants began accepting Visa as a way to drive sales .
Meanwhile , Visa and rival MasterCard — as well as distant competitors American Express and Discover — used their share of the fees to build their own global technological infrastructures , pipes that connected all the various banks and businesses to ensure speedy data transmission .
For its time , it was a technologically impressive system that , for a price , brought ease and convenience to millions of buyers and sellers .
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
1200 BC : Shells
Rare or exotic items like shells , whale teeth , and metals were used for trade by cultures around the world because their scarcity and beauty lent them great symbolic value .
( The earliest Chinese character for money was even a cowry shell . )
But today , vendors are seeing fewer benefits from paying those fees , even as credit card companies have jacked them up over the years .
Credit cards were once a way for a business to differentiate itself from competitors , but now that they ’ve grown ubiquitous , nearly all vendors must accept them or risk losing a huge swath of customers .
According to a 2003 study in the Review of Network Economics , every sale by credit card costs a merchant six times what the same sale with cash would run .
( Cash comes with its own costs , such as requiring more oversight of cashiers , upkeep of vaults , and a bank ’s services to process it . )
Not that the store owner is ever quite sure how much a credit card transaction will cost .
MasterCard and Visa charge hundreds of different rates — called interchange fees — for every type of card that runs through their networks ; mileage cards tend to charge higher fees , for example .
And if a retailer accepts one flavor of Visa , say , it has to accept them all , no matter the fee .
In 1991 , MasterCard had four fees , the highest of which had an interchange rate of 2.08 percent .
Today it has 243 fees , and the heftiest one tops out at over 3 percent — more than a 50 percent jump .
And yet the service provided has hardly grown any better , faster , or easier to access .
“ It seems really odd that credit card companies can continue to charge a tax on the economy , ” says Aaron Patzer , founder of the financial management service Mint.com , which is now owned by Intuit .
“ Outside the US government , they are the only entity that has the power to levy a fee across virtually every transaction .
Maybe that made sense in the early 1960s , when computer infrastructure was expensive and proprietary .
But now , with cheap bits everywhere , the actual cost to do a transaction is pennies . ”
There is , in other words , a massive inefficiency to be exploited .
And so , an army of engineers and entrepreneurs is rushing in , hoping to do to the payment world what has already been done to the music , movie , and publishing businesses — unseat a legacy industry built on access and distribution , drive the costs to zero , undercut the traditional middlemen , and unleash a wave of innovation .
Square ’s Dorsey sees his company as creating a new , open system that allows users to swap funds instantly , without a series of interlopers grabbing their share .
“ We bring an engineering discipline to this problem , ” he says .
“ What we want to know is , how can we get right to the source ? ”
For businesses that depend on moving money , the distributed , lower - cost , easier - to - access future can’t come soon enough .
Mitchell Wolfe , an ecommerce veteran who ran Compaq ’s Canadian Internet sales team before moving on to a series of startups , has been wrestling with the payment industry for 15 years .
“ There ’s friction all over the place , ” he says .
He once helped build an ecommerce system for a Persian rug vendor and was stunned to find that the rug dealer ’s bank required it to keep $ 250,000 in its account in case a charge was disputed .
The lesson stuck .
When he started bTrendie , a members - only site that sells clothes and gear for pregnant women and new mothers , he decided to do as much as possible through PayPal .
Now he accepts payments from customers into the same PayPal account he uses to pay his vendors .
The money flows instantly , bypassing direct contact with banks or credit cards .
That means no charges for moving money internationally , no extra staffers , no long delays while he waits for transactions to process , and he can keep better track of his cash and data .
For Wolfe , the old payment world is a vestigial appendage .
“ The less you have to deal directly with the banks and credit card companies , ” he says , “ the better off you are . ”
The New Ways
to Pay
The credit card is in decline .
Here are a few hints of what might replace it .
— D.R .
Twitpay
Type a friend ’s Twitter handle , a dollar amount , and twitpay to transfer funds to their PayPal account .
Zong Instead of entering credit card information anew for every online purchase , users fill in their phone number and the charge shows up on their monthly bill .
Square
The latest from Twitter cofounder Jack Dorsey , this 3/4 - inch cube turns any iPhone into a credit card reader .
GetGiving
This mobile app uses PayPal to enable charities to accept small donations without the usual exorbitant credit card transaction fees .
Hub Culture Travelers can avoid the hassle and fees of swapping dollars for euros by transacting in virtual currency in this international network of workstations .
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
640 BC : Coins Historians credit the Lydians of Asia Minor ( now Turkey ) with developing the first coins .
Made of electrum — an amalgam of gold and silver — the innovation was promptly adopted by the Greeks , sparking a commercial revolution in the sixth century BC .
This is the kind of revolutionary fervor that PayPal was always intended to foment .
Peter Thiel , PayPal ’s cofounder and a die - hard libertarian , launched the company as a means of creating a stateless monetary system , making it possible for anyone to switch , instantly and easily , between global currencies .
“ PayPal will give citizens worldwide more direct control over their currencies than they ’ve ever had before , ” he told new employees in 1999 , according to the book The PayPal Wars .
“ It will be nearly impossible for corrupt governments to steal wealth from their people . ”
But for most of its history , PayPal acted more as an enabler — a way of extending the credit card model of payment into the online realm — than as a bomb - thrower .
Customers did n’t want to use PayPal to escape the tyranny of government currencies .
They wanted to use it to spend money online without having to give out their credit card information to a million different vendors .
By the turn of the millennium , PayPal pretty much operated as an online credit card company , charging vendors a percentage of every transaction to move funds from a buyer ’s bank account to a seller ’s bank account .
Still , there were some hints of PayPal ’s revolutionary capabilities .
Unlike credit card companies , PayPal had no need to build and maintain an expensive digital network between vendors and banks around the world ; it operated over the Internet .
There was no need for a credit card reader , cutting point - of - sale system providers — and their vigorish — out of the equation .
While credit card companies still paid fees to banks , a legacy from the days when they had to buy their cooperation , PayPal piggybacked on a communications system that enables digital transactions like direct deposits and automatic bill payment without charging a fee .
Furthermore , PayPal users could keep their funds within their PayPal accounts , accruing interest and continuing to trade them with other PayPal users without ever once involving banks or anyone outside the PayPal ecosystem — a friction - free shadow economy in its own right .
All of these advantages meant that PayPal could charge lower transaction fees than traditional credit card companies .
That may have been a good business model , but it was n’t exactly a game changer .
In recent years , many other companies have come up with their own PayPal - like innovations , creative tweaks to further squeeze some margins out of the traditional credit card model .
Apple ’s iTunes and Research in Motion ’s payments program reduce transaction fees by bundling a customer ’s purchases before sending them to a credit card company for processing .
( That ’s why you do n’t usually see a series of 99 - cent charges on your credit card bill ; they are processed as one lump sum . )
Virtual currencies , from Microsoft Points to Linden Dollars , encourage “ in - world ” trade , incurring credit card and banking fees only when their users buy in .
By reducing their exposure to traditional transaction systems , these companies are able to wring extra pennies of profit out of each sale — which can aggregate into millions of dollars , turning their payment platforms into profit generators in their own right .
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
800 AD : Paper
A shortage of copper and the hassles of transporting heavy coins prompted China ’s Tang dynasty to start issuing paper notes .
Dubbed “ flying cash , ” this first paper - based money was used by merchants and the government .
PayPal moved even further away from its revolutionary roots in 2002 , when it was purchased by eBay for $ 1.5 billion .
Suddenly the service , always a favored payment method on the site , became almost entirely focused on making auctions easier .
Between 2005 and 2008 , PayPal went from serving as the payment provider for 47 percent of eBay auctions to facilitating more than 60 percent ( eBay expects it to hit around 75 percent by 2011 ) .
That was a fine strategy as long as eBay was growing .
But in CEO Meg Whitman ’s last years at the company ’s helm , as the auction platform started to see a slowdown in revenue growth , it became clear to the PayPal team that it was time to get aggressive again .
PayPal started working with outside vendors , and by 2007 it was transacting $ 47 billion worth of business a year — still a pittance compared to the trillions that moved through financial institutions .
Scott Thompson , then PayPal ’s CTO , started meeting with Osama Bedier , vice president of merchant services technology , and his team .
How , Thompson asked , could PayPal capture more of that business ?
Bedier ’s team argued that PayPal ’s users seemed to have plenty of ideas .
They had long pushed for PayPal to expand into new businesses — payroll , invoicing , business - to - business money transfers .
But building out any one of those services would take years , and the timing was n’t right .
Bedier pointed out that PayPal ’s users had been responsible for many of the company ’s most successful innovations : Users dragged PayPal onto eBay in the first place .
( The company had initially resisted the move . )
Other users cobbled together PayPal - enabled “ tip jars ” , which quickly spread across the blogosphere .
What if the company opened up its code , embraced its developers , and turned its service into a platform ?
What if PayPal asked its users to create the tools and functions that would make it grow ?
Thompson loved the idea in theory but was skeptical that Bedier ’s team could pull it off .
Thompson , who had recently left Visa , was hardly used to Silicon Valley ’s freewheeling , experimental culture .
With his Boston accent , bushy Cliff Clavin mustache , and fondness for pleated pants and button - down shirts , he looked like a dotcom engineer ’s straightlaced father .
“ Where I come from , you ca n’t just let developers come in here and open accounts and move money around , ” he says .
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
1949 : Plastic
When the check for dinner arrived , Frank McNamara realized he did n’t have enough cash to pay his bill .
What the world needed , he realized , was an alternative to currency .
One year later he returned to the same restaurant with what would become the first modern credit card , the Diners Club Card .
Bedier was used to blasting through objections .
Born in Cairo , he had spent a few years in Oregon as a preteen while his father earned a PhD .
When the family moved back to Egypt , Bedier put together a plan to return to the US .
He persuaded his father to have a friend , an IT manager at Oregon State University , take legal guardianship .
Bedier never left the States again .
Now he turned his powers of persuasion on Thompson .
He said he would prove he could make a more open system work .
But first he had to figure out whether developers would play along .
So in late 2007 , he started on a road trip to meet with the people who were already building on PayPal ’s limited open code .
He met with more than 100 developers , most of whom were eager to help build an easier , more flexible system .
PayPal had been requiring buyers and sellers to go through several steps to complete a transaction — go to its site , fill out forms , authenticate accounts .
The developers envisioned something larger , a true digital currency that could be used on any Web site , that enabled money to move as easily as email :
Send funds with a click , from and to anywhere and anyone on the Net .
In April 2008 , Bedier led a meeting at eBay ’s North First Street headquarters , where he presented his idea to CEO John Donahoe and his lieutenants .
When Bedier was finished , he was stunned to get applause .
“ It was like a lightbulb clicked on , ” Donahoe says .
“ I basically said , ‘ You have unlimited funding . ’
This is the highest - potential business I ’ve ever seen in my career . ”
Bedier hired executives from the banking and airline industries to help him design the platform .
Soon other PayPal engineers were asking to be transferred to the project .
They saw it as a return to PayPal ’s original ambitions , when Peter Thiel and his cofounder Max Levchin sought to create an entirely new currency — not just a tool to help people sell used roller skates to one another .
( In homage to this legacy , Bedier ’s team called the project X.com , the name of Elon Musk ‘s payment company , which PayPal merged with back in 2000 . )
In November 2009 , PayPal released the platform .
In addition to the do - it - yourself ethos , X.com would sport a feature that should have terrified the traditional payment conglomerates : a new fee structure that charged vendors about one - third of what credit card companies were charging .
Whatever the future of payments looks like , it will probably be brought about by people like Christian Lanng .
A tall and wide 31 - year - old with a booming , operatic voice , Lanng is sitting on the couch of his venture backer ’s house in Copenhagen .
When he talks about the way banks and credit card companies process payments , he gets so upset that his entire body tenses and his voice rises until it ’s echoing off the stark white walls .
“ This is the main battleground of capitalism ! ” he says .
“ This is the heart of it . ”
Money Over Time A brief history of currency technology .
— Bryan Gardiner
1995 : Digital Cryptographer David Chaum wanted consumers to be able to transfer money digitally , just like banks .
His ecash was an anonymous form of money first issued by an American bank in 1995 .
The company declared bankruptcy in 1998 , but the concept has since been built upon by dozens of digital and virtual currencies .
Lanng rests his MacBook on a tree - stump table in front of him .
For the last seven months , he and a dozen or so other coders have been building an e-invoicing company called Porta .
( At press time , Lanng was planning to rename the company TradeShift . )
Already , the service has signed up two regions in northern Europe and one of the biggest cities in Brazil , but Lanng envisions something much bigger .
He sees dynamic invoices that pay themselves — that constantly monitor exchange rates , say , or the price of lumber , and then automatically send out an order to withdraw funds or to make a purchase just when the price is cheapest .
Most of the information is already available — there are plenty of databases that provide real - time pricing information , and he already has all of his clients ’ account information and vital data .
But Porta does n’t have the technology or expertise to handle the transactions themselves .
That ’s why Lanng is coding with X.com .
For now , PayPal has shied away from using revolutionary rhetoric .
In discussing its role , company executives sound less like Thiel , bent on overthrowing the system , and more like a would - be thief strolling through a jewelry store , determined to appear nonthreatening .
( “ We ’re not an alternative to credit cards .
We use credit cards in the PayPal wallet ! ” Donahoe says .
“ That ’s part of the beauty of PayPal . ” )
And consumers , who have traditionally been shielded from credit card companies ’ vendor fees and practices , may not care , or even notice , whether vendors use PayPal .
But even if PayPal never fires a shot , it is clear that people are looking for an alternative to credit cards .
In 2009 , US consumer credit card debt saw a sustained drop for the first time in decades , falling for 10 straight months as the recession took hold .
Meanwhile , to fee - socked consumers struggling to make their payments , the credit card companies have become symbols of an uncaring , greedy bureaucracy .
“ As a longtime participant in the credit card industry , I ’m interested to watch what ’s going on right now , because credit card companies are actually yanking in credit , they ’re raising fees , and people are choosing not to use credit cards , ” says Jack Stephenson , PayPal ’s head of strategy .
“ And the attitude a lot of people have about their credit card company is not a warm and fuzzy feeling right now .
So I do n’t think , at least anytime in the next three to five years , that PayPal needs to do anything to convince people not to use credit cards online .
I think people will make that choice on their own . ”
A generation ago , when people made the choice to switch to plastic , credit cards did not just replicate cash ; they fundamentally changed how we used money .
The ease with which people could make purchases encouraged them to buy much more than they had in the past .
Entrepreneurs suddenly had access to easy — though high - interest — loans , providing a spark to the economy .
Now , while it may be hard to predict what innovations PayPal ’s platform will enable , it ’s safe to say that the payment industry is going to change dramatically .
As money becomes completely digitized , infinitely transferable , and friction - free , it will again revolutionize how we think about our economy .
Daniel Roth ( dr@danielroth.net ) wrote about Oracle in issue 18.01 .
MEXICO CITY — When shooting broke out between army soldiers and drug traffickers at Mexico 's most prestigious university on March 19 , two people were left dead and an entire campus was in shock .
The bodies , authorities said , belonged to two hit men .
Then came another shock : Javier Arredondo and Jorge Antonio Mercado were n't assassins , but two graduate students caught in the crossfire at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education .
The Attorney General 's office said the original account was wrong , and blamed the ...
Cablevision customers might lose access to ABC on March 7 if the two companies are unable to come to an agreement over licensing fees .
Cablevision customers might lose access to ABC on March 7 if the two companies are unable to come to an agreement over licensing fees .
Cable companies like Cablevision pay TV stations for the right to broadcast their content .
ABC is arguing that Cablevision charges its customers for access to ABC content but does not give ABC any of that money .
Cablevision contends that it already pays Disney  which owns ABC  more than $ 200 million per year , but Disney now wants an extra $ 40 million for the same content .
" For the past two years we have tried , without success , to reach an agreement with Cablevision to carry ABC7 .
Why ?
Because Cablevision 's position is that ABC7 is worth little to nothing to its business and its proposed offers have been consistently unreasonable and unrealistic , " ABC said on a newly launched Web site , saveabc7.com .
ABC is included in Cablevision 's broadcast basic tier , ABC said , which can cost users up to $ 18 each month .
" What your bill does n't show is how much Cablevision pays us for these programs .
The answer :
They pay nothing .
That 's right ... Cablevision charges you for ABC7 and then keeps ALL the money , " ABC said .
Cablevision has a different outlook on the situation .
" Cablevision already pays Disney more than $ 200 million per year to carry its channels ; now Disney wants a 20 percent fee increase for exactly the same programming , " Cablevision wrote on its own Web site .
Cablevision argued that the increased fees would amount to a " new TV tax for the same programming that is available today for free over the air and on the Internet . "
Cablevision said its executives traveled to Disney offices in California earlier this month to discuss the deal , and also held meetings in Bethpage and New York this week , but to no avail .
" We have made numerous proposals , all of which have been rejected .
We have asked Disney to continue to make its programming available to our customers while we continue to negotiate , " Cablevision said .
This is the just the latest battle between a cable company and TV network over fees .
Earlier this year , HGTV and the Food Network when Cablevision and Scripps Network Interactive , which owns the networks , could not reach an agreement over fees .
Scripps is also still negotiating with Time Warner Cable over similar fees .
Fox from Time Warner on New Year 's Eve over the same issue .
The two companies extended their talks and late on New Year 's Day .
In 2008 , also battled over fees , and reached a deal at the eleventh hour .
BOSTON , Massachusetts , USA -- Wednesday , March 31 , 2010 -- The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) today launched a campaign calling on all computer users to start politely rejecting email attachments sent in secret and proprietary formats : for freedom and the good of the web !
The campaign is in support of Document Freedom Day and the OpenDocument format .
OpenDocument is an ISO standard that allows anyone to create software that supports it , without fear of patent claims or licensing issues .
Documents , spreadsheets and presentations sent in Microsoft Word or Excel native formats , or documents created in Apple 's iWorks , are proprietary and incompatible with freedom and an accessible web .
" If we are serious about gaining freedom and accessibility for all users of technology and the web , we must demand an end to proprietary document formats .
The best way to get started is for each of us to take responsibility and begin rejecting their use .
OpenDocument is available now , as is free software such as OpenOffice.org that allows anyone to create OpenDocument files at no cost .
If we can convince the 300 Million users who have already downloaded OpenOffice.org to reject proprietary formats , we could quickly secure a victory .
Let 's do this for freedom and the good of the web , " said FSF executive director Peter Brown .
The campaign highlights ways in which emails that include attachments in secret or proprietary formats can be politely rejected , and the issue explained to the sender .
Users can respond individually , or email administrators can configure their systems to automatically reject such messages .
FSF campaigns manager Matt Lee added , " For governments , businesses , archivists and others , it 's critical that documents be stored in a way that guarantees they can be read for years to come .
This has n't been a problem for printed matter , but proprietary digital file formats are secretive by nature and get changed every few years , putting at risk future access to needed documents .
We must ensure that documents we store on our computers and that are made available on the web are accessible regardless of what computer you use . "
The FSF is providing graphics that supporters can use to promote the campaign at http://www.fsf.org/campaigns/opendocument/spread.
Reject proprietary formats and use OpenDocument : http://www.fsf.org/campaigns/opendocument/reject
Learn about OpenDocument : http://www.fsf.org/campaigns/opendocument
Learn about Document Freedom Day : http://documentfreedom.org/
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
Media Contacts
Peter Brown
Executive Director
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942
campaigns@fsf.org
by W. Daniel Hillis for Physics Today
Reprinted with permission from Phys. Today 42 ( 2 ) , 78 ( 1989 ) .
Copyright 1989 , American Institute of Physics .
Photo by Faustin Bray
One day when I was having lunch with Richard Feynman , I mentioned to him that I was planning to start a company to build a parallel computer with a million processors .
His reaction was unequivocal , " That is positively the dopiest idea I ever heard . "
For Richard a crazy idea was an opportunity to either prove it wrong or prove it right .
Either way , he was interested .
By the end of lunch he had agreed to spend the summer working at the company .
Richard 's interest in computing went back to his days at Los Alamos , where he supervised the " computers , " that is , the people who operated the mechanical calculators .
There he was instrumental in setting up some of the first plug - programmable tabulating machines for physical simulation .
His interest in the field was heightened in the late 1970's when his son , Carl , began studying computers at MIT .
I got to know Richard through his son .
I was a graduate student at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab and Carl was one of the undergraduates helping me with my thesis project .
I was trying to design a computer fast enough to solve common sense reasoning problems .
The machine , as we envisioned it , would contain a million tiny computers , all connected by a communications network .
We called it a " Connection Machine . "
Richard , always interested in his son's activities , followed the project closely .
He was skeptical about the idea , but whenever we met at a conference or I visited CalTech , we would stay up until the early hours of the morning discussing details of the planned machine .
The first time he ever seemed to believe that we were really going to try to build it was the lunchtime meeting .
Richard arrived in Boston the day after the company was incorporated .
We had been busy raising the money , finding a place to rent , issuing stock , etc .
We set up in an old mansion just outside of the city , and when Richard showed up we were still recovering from the shock of having the first few million dollars in the bank .
No one had thought about anything technical for several months .
We were arguing about what the name of the company should be when Richard walked in , saluted , and said , " Richard Feynman reporting for duty .
OK , boss , what 's my assignment ? "
The assembled group of not - quite - graduated MIT students was astounded .
After a hurried private discussion ( " I do n't know , you hired him ... " ) , we informed Richard that his assignment would be to advise on the application of parallel processing to scientific problems .
" That sounds like a bunch of baloney , " he said .
" Give me something real to do . "
So we sent him out to buy some office supplies .
While he was gone , we decided that the part of the machine that we were most worried about was the router that delivered messages from one processor to another .
We were not sure that our design was going to work .
When Richard returned from buying pencils , we gave him the assignment of analyzing the router .
The Machine
The router of the Connection Machine was the part of the hardware that allowed the processors to communicate .
It was a complicated device ; by comparison , the processors themselves were simple .
Connecting a separate communication wire between each pair of processors was impractical since a million processors would require $ 10 ^ { 12 ] $ wires .
Instead , we planned to connect the processors in a 20 - dimensional hypercube so that each processor would only need to talk to 20 others directly .
Because many processors had to communicate simultaneously , many messages would contend for the same wires .
The router 's job was to find a free path through this 20 - dimensional traffic jam or , if it could n't , to hold onto the message in a buffer until a path became free .
Our question to Richard Feynman was whether we had allowed enough buffers for the router to operate efficiently .
During those first few months , Richard began studying the router circuit diagrams as if they were objects of nature .
He was willing to listen to explanations of how and why things worked , but fundamentally he preferred to figure out everything himself by simulating the action of each of the circuits with pencil and paper .
In the meantime , the rest of us , happy to have found something to keep Richard occupied , went about the business of ordering the furniture and computers , hiring the first engineers , and arranging for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) to pay for the development of the first prototype .
Richard did a remarkable job of focusing on his " assignment , " stopping only occasionally to help wire the computer room , set up the machine shop , shake hands with the investors , install the telephones , and cheerfully remind us of how crazy we all were .
When we finally picked the name of the company , Thinking Machines Corporation , Richard was delighted .
" That 's good .
Now I do n't have to explain to people that I work with a bunch of loonies .
I can just tell them the name of the company . "
The technical side of the project was definitely stretching our capacities .
We had decided to simplify things by starting with only 64,000 processors , but even then the amount of work to do was overwhelming .
We had to design our own silicon integrated circuits , with processors and a router .
We also had to invent packaging and cooling mechanisms , write compilers and assemblers , devise ways of testing processors simultaneously , and so on .
Even simple problems like wiring the boards together took on a whole new meaning when working with tens of thousands of processors .
In retrospect , if we had had any understanding of how complicated the project was going to be , we never would have started .
' Get These Guys Organized '
I had never managed a large group before and I was clearly in over my head .
Richard volunteered to help out .
" We 've got to get these guys organized , " he told me .
" Let me tell you how we did it at Los Alamos . "
Every great man that I have known has had a certain time and place in their life that they use as a reference point ; a time when things worked as they were supposed to and great things were accomplished .
For Richard , that time was at Los Alamos during the Manhattan Project .
Whenever things got " cockeyed , " Richard would look back and try to understand how now was different than then .
Using this approach , Richard decided we should pick an expert in each area of importance in the machine , such as software or packaging or electronics , to become the " group leader " in this area , analogous to the group leaders at Los Alamos .
Part Two of Feynman 's " Let 's Get Organized " campaign was that we should begin a regular seminar series of invited speakers who might have interesting things to do with our machine .
Richard 's idea was that we should concentrate on people with new applications , because they would be less conservative about what kind of computer they would use .
For our first seminar he invited John Hopfield , a friend of his from CalTech , to give us a talk on his scheme for building neural networks .
In 1983 , studying neural networks was about as fashionable as studying ESP , so some people considered John Hopfield a little bit crazy .
Richard was certain he would fit right in at Thinking Machines Corporation .
What Hopfield had invented was a way of constructing an [ associative memory ] , a device for remembering patterns .
To use an associative memory , one trains it on a series of patterns , such as pictures of the letters of the alphabet .
Later , when the memory is shown a new pattern it is able to recall a similar pattern that it has seen in the past .
A new picture of the letter " A " will " remind " the memory of another " A " that it has seen previously .
Hopfield had figured out how such a memory could be built from devices that were similar to biological neurons .
Not only did Hopfield 's method seem to work , but it seemed to work well on the Connection Machine .
Feynman figured out the details of how to use one processor to simulate each of Hopfield 's neurons , with the strength of the connections represented as numbers in the processors ' memory .
Because of the parallel nature of Hopfield 's algorithm , all of the processors could be used concurrently with 100\ % efficiency , so the Connection Machine would be hundreds of times faster than any conventional computer .
An Algorithm For Logarithms
Feynman worked out the program for computing Hopfield 's network on the Connection Machine in some detail .
The part that he was proudest of was the subroutine for computing logarithms .
I mention it here not only because it is a clever algorithm , but also because it is a specific contribution Richard made to the mainstream of computer science .
He invented it at Los Alamos .
Consider the problem of finding the logarithm of a fractional number between 1.0 and 2.0 ( the algorithm can be generalized without too much difficulty ) .
Feynman observed that any such number can be uniquely represented as a product of numbers of the form $ 1 + 2 ^ { - k ] $ , where $ k$ is an integer .
Testing each of these factors in a binary number representation is simply a matter of a shift and a subtraction .
Once the factors are determined , the logarithm can be computed by adding together the precomputed logarithms of the factors .
The algorithm fit especially well on the Connection Machine , since the small table of the logarithms of $ 1 + 2 ^ { - k ] $ could be shared by all the processors .
The entire computation took less time than division .
Concentrating on the algorithm for a basic arithmetic operation was typical of Richard 's approach .
He loved the details .
In studying the router , he paid attention to the action of each individual gate and in writing a program he insisted on understanding the implementation of every instruction .
He distrusted abstractions that could not be directly related to the facts .
When several years later I wrote a general interest article on the Connection Machine for [ Scientific American ] , he was disappointed that it left out too many details .
He asked , " How is anyone supposed to know that this is n't just a bunch of crap ? "
Feynman 's insistence on looking at the details helped us discover the potential of the machine for numerical computing and physical simulation .
We had convinced ourselves at the time that the Connection Machine would not be efficient at " number - crunching , " because the first prototype had no special hardware for vectors or floating point arithmetic .
Both of these were " known " to be requirements for number - crunching .
Feynman decided to test this assumption on a problem that he was familiar with in detail : quantum chromodynamics .
Quantum chromodynamics is a theory of the internal workings of atomic particles such as protons .
Using this theory it is possible , in principle , to compute the values of measurable physical quantities , such as a proton 's mass .
In practice , such a computation requires so much arithmetic that it could keep the fastest computers in the world busy for years .
One way to do this calculation is to use a discrete four - dimensional lattice to model a section of space - time .
Finding the solution involves adding up the contributions of all of the possible configurations of certain matrices on the links of the lattice , or at least some large representative sample .
( This is essentially a Feynman path integral . )
The thing that makes this so difficult is that calculating the contribution of even a single configuration involves multiplying the matrices around every little loop in the lattice , and the number of loops grows as the fourth power of the lattice size .
Since all of these multiplications can take place concurrently , there is plenty of opportunity to keep all 64,000 processors busy .
To find out how well this would work in practice , Feynman had to write a computer program for QCD .
Since the only computer language Richard was really familiar with was Basic , he made up a parallel version of Basic in which he wrote the program and then simulated it by hand to estimate how fast it would run on the Connection Machine .
He was excited by the results .
" Hey Danny , you 're not going to believe this , but that machine of yours can actually do something [ useful ] ! "
According to Feynman 's calculations , the Connection Machine , even without any special hardware for floating point arithmetic , would outperform a machine that CalTech was building for doing QCD calculations .
From that point on , Richard pushed us more and more toward looking at numerical applications of the machine .
By the end of that summer of 1983 , Richard had completed his analysis of the behavior of the router , and much to our surprise and amusement , he presented his answer in the form of a set of partial differential equations .
To a physicist this may seem natural , but to a computer designer , treating a set of boolean circuits as a continuous , differentiable system is a bit strange .
Feynman 's router equations were in terms of variables representing continuous quantities such as " the average number of 1 bits in a message address . "
I was much more accustomed to seeing analysis in terms of inductive proof and case analysis than taking the derivative of " the number of 1 's " with respect to time .
Our discrete analysis said we needed seven buffers per chip ; Feynman 's equations suggested that we only needed five .
We decided to play it safe and ignore Feynman .
The decision to ignore Feynman 's analysis was made in September , but by next spring we were up against a wall .
The chips that we had designed were slightly too big to manufacture and the only way to solve the problem was to cut the number of buffers per chip back to five .
Since Feynman 's equations claimed we could do this safely , his unconventional methods of analysis started looking better and better to us .
We decided to go ahead and make the chips with the smaller number of buffers .
Fortunately , he was right .
When we put together the chips the machine worked .
The first program run on the machine in April of 1985 was Conway 's game of Life .
Cellular Automata
The game of Life is an example of a class of computations that interested Feynman called [ cellular automata ] .
Like many physicists who had spent their lives going to successively lower and lower levels of atomic detail , Feynman often wondered what was at the bottom .
One possible answer was a cellular automaton .
The notion is that the " continuum " might , at its lowest levels , be discrete in both space and time , and that the laws of physics might simply be a macro- consequence of the average behavior of tiny cells .
Each cell could be a simple automaton that obeys a small set of rules and communicates only with its nearest neighbors , like the lattice calculation for QCD .
If the universe in fact worked this way , then it presumably would have testable consequences , such as an upper limit on the density of information per cubic meter of space .
The notion of cellular automata goes back to von Neumann and Ulam , whom Feynman had known at Los Alamos .
Richard 's recent interest in the subject was motivated by his friends Ed Fredkin and Stephen Wolfram , both of whom were fascinated by cellular automata models of physics .
Feynman was always quick to point out to them that he considered their specific models " kooky , " but like the Connection Machine , he considered the subject sufficiently crazy to put some energy into .
There are many potential problems with cellular automata as a model of physical space and time ; for example , finding a set of rules that obeys special relativity .
One of the simplest problems is just making the physics so that things look the same in every direction .
The most obvious pattern of cellular automata , such as a fixed three - dimensional grid , have preferred directions along the axes of the grid .
Is it possible to implement even Newtonian physics on a fixed lattice of automata ?
Feynman had a proposed solution to the anisotropy problem which he attempted ( without success ) to work out in detail .
His notion was that the underlying automata , rather than being connected in a regular lattice like a grid or a pattern of hexagons , might be randomly connected .
Waves propagating through this medium would , on the average , propagate at the same rate in every direction .
Cellular automata started getting attention at Thinking Machines when Stephen Wolfram , who was also spending time at the company , suggested that we should use such automata not as a model of physics , but as a practical method of simulating physical systems .
Specifically , we could use one processor to simulate each cell and rules that were chosen to model something useful , like fluid dynamics .
For two - dimensional problems there was a neat solution to the anisotropy problem since [ Frisch , Hasslacher , Pomeau ] had shown that a hexagonal lattice with a simple set of rules produced isotropic behavior at the macro scale .
Wolfram used this method on the Connection Machine to produce a beautiful movie of a turbulent fluid flow in two dimensions .
Watching the movie got all of us , especially Feynman , excited about physical simulation .
We all started planning additions to the hardware , such as support of floating point arithmetic that would make it possible for us to perform and display a variety of simulations in real time .
Feynman the Explainer
In the meantime , we were having a lot of trouble explaining to people what we were doing with cellular automata .
Eyes tended to glaze over when we started talking about state transition diagrams and finite state machines .
Finally Feynman told us to explain it like this ,
" We have noticed in nature that the behavior of a fluid depends very little on the nature of the individual particles in that fluid .
For example , the flow of sand is very similar to the flow of water or the flow of a pile of ball bearings .
We have therefore taken advantage of this fact to invent a type of imaginary particle that is especially simple for us to simulate .
This particle is a perfect ball bearing that can move at a single speed in one of six directions .
The flow of these particles on a large enough scale is very similar to the flow of natural fluids . "
This was a typical Richard Feynman explanation .
On the one hand , it infuriated the experts who had worked on the problem because it neglected to even mention all of the clever problems that they had solved .
On the other hand , it delighted the listeners since they could walk away from it with a real understanding of the phenomenon and how it was connected to physical reality .
We tried to take advantage of Richard 's talent for clarity by getting him to critique the technical presentations that we made in our product introductions .
Before the commercial announcement of the Connection Machine CM - 1 and all of our future products , Richard would give a sentence - by - sentence critique of the planned presentation .
" Do n't say `reflected acoustic wave . '
Say [ echo ] . "
Or , " Forget all that `local minima ' stuff .
Just say there 's a bubble caught in the crystal and you have to shake it out . "
Nothing made him angrier than making something simple sound complicated .
Getting Richard to give advice like that was sometimes tricky .
He pretended not to like working on any problem that was outside his claimed area of expertise .
Often , at Thinking Machines when he was asked for advice he would gruffly refuse with " That 's not my department . "
I could never figure out just what his department was , but it did not matter anyway , since he spent most of his time working on those " not - my - department " problems .
Sometimes he really would give up , but more often than not he would come back a few days after his refusal and remark , " I 've been thinking about what you asked the other day and it seems to me ... "
This worked best if you were careful not to expect it .
I do not mean to imply that Richard was hesitant to do the " dirty work . "
In fact , he was always volunteering for it .
Many a visitor at Thinking Machines was shocked to see that we had a Nobel Laureate soldering circuit boards or painting walls .
But what Richard hated , or at least pretended to hate , was being asked to give advice .
So why were people always asking him for it ?
Because even when Richard did n't understand , he always seemed to understand better than the rest of us .
And whatever he understood , he could make others understand as well .
Richard made people feel like a child does , when a grown - up first treats him as an adult .
He was never afraid of telling the truth , and however foolish your question was , he never made you feel like a fool .
The charming side of Richard helped people forgive him for his uncharming characteristics .
For example , in many ways Richard was a sexist .
Whenever it came time for his daily bowl of soup he would look around for the nearest " girl " and ask if she would fetch it to him .
It did not matter if she was the cook , an engineer , or the president of the company .
I once asked a female engineer who had just been a victim of this if it bothered her .
" Yes , it really annoys me , " she said .
" On the other hand , he is the only one who ever explained quantum mechanics to me as if I could understand it . "
That was the essence of Richard 's charm .
A Kind Of Game
Richard worked at the company on and off for the next five years .
Floating point hardware was eventually added to the machine , and as the machine and its successors went into commercial production , they were being used more and more for the kind of numerical simulation problems that Richard had pioneered with his QCD program .
Richard 's interest shifted from the construction of the machine to its applications .
As it turned out , building a big computer is a good excuse to talk to people who are working on some of the most exciting problems in science .
We started working with physicists , astronomers , geologists , biologists , chemists --- everyone of them trying to solve some problem that it had never been possible to solve before .
Figuring out how to do these calculations on a parallel machine requires understanding of the details of the application , which was exactly the kind of thing that Richard loved to do .
For Richard , figuring out these problems was a kind of a game .
He always started by asking very basic questions like , " What is the simplest example ? " or " How can you tell if the answer is right ? "
He asked questions until he reduced the problem to some essential puzzle that he thought he would be able to solve .
Then he would set to work , scribbling on a pad of paper and staring at the results .
While he was in the middle of this kind of puzzle solving he was impossible to interrupt .
" Do n't bug me .
I 'm busy , " he would say without even looking up .
Eventually he would either decide the problem was too hard ( in which case he lost interest ) , or he would find a solution ( in which case he spent the next day or two explaining it to anyone who listened ) .
In this way he worked on problems in database searches , geophysical modeling , protein folding , analyzing images , and reading insurance forms .
The last project that I worked on with Richard was in simulated evolution .
I had written a program that simulated the evolution of populations of sexually reproducing creatures over hundreds of thousands of generations .
The results were surprising in that the fitness of the population made progress in sudden leaps rather than by the expected steady improvement .
The fossil record shows some evidence that real biological evolution might also exhibit such " punctuated equilibrium , " so Richard and I decided to look more closely at why it happened .
He was feeling ill by that time , so I went out and spent the week with him in Pasadena , and we worked out a model of evolution of finite populations based on the Fokker Planck equations .
When I got back to Boston I went to the library and discovered a book by Kimura on the subject , and much to my disappointment , all of our " discoveries " were covered in the first few pages .
When I called back and told Richard what I had found , he was elated .
" Hey , we got it right ! " he said .
" Not bad for amateurs . "
In retrospect I realize that in almost everything that we worked on together , we were both amateurs .
In digital physics , neural networks , even parallel computing , we never really knew what we were doing .
But the things that we studied were so new that no one else knew exactly what they were doing either .
It was amateurs who made the progress .
Telling The Good Stuff You Know
Actually , I doubt that it was " progress " that most interested Richard .
He was always searching for patterns , for connections , for a new way of looking at something , but I suspect his motivation was not so much to understand the world as it was to find new ideas to explain .
The act of discovery was not complete for him until he had taught it to someone else .
I remember a conversation we had a year or so before his death , walking in the hills above Pasadena .
We were exploring an unfamiliar trail and Richard , recovering from a major operation for the cancer , was walking more slowly than usual .
He was telling a long and funny story about how he had been reading up on his disease and surprising his doctors by predicting their diagnosis and his chances of survival .
I was hearing for the first time how far his cancer had progressed , so the jokes did not seem so funny .
He must have noticed my mood , because he suddenly stopped the story and asked , " Hey , what 's the matter ? "
I hesitated .
" I 'm sad because you 're going to die . "
" Yeah , " he sighed , " that bugs me sometimes too .
But not so much as you think . "
And after a few more steps , " When you get as old as I am , you start to realize that you 've told most of the good stuff you know to other people anyway . "
We walked along in silence for a few minutes .
Then we came to a place where another trail crossed and Richard stopped to look around at the surroundings .
Suddenly a grin lit up his face .
" Hey , " he said , all trace of sadness forgotten , " I bet I can show you a better way home . "
And so he did .
A war of words has erupted again over the Federal Government 's plan to bring in a mandatory internet filter and this time internet giant Google has been dragged into the fray .
Legislation to introduce the filter is expected in the coming months and Communications Minister Stephen Conroy hit the ABC 's airwaves on Monday night to defend the Government 's plans to blacklist offensive material .
But the Minister 's many critics , including internet and software companies , say the Government 's plans now amount to censorship .
Senator Conroy has tried to deflect the criticism , taking aim instead at Google over its censorship policies .
During a 50 - minute radio program on the ABC , Senator Conroy launched a vehement defence of the Government 's plans to block access to certain websites .
" This is material that includes child sexual abuse material , bestiality , sexual violence including rape , instruction in crime and terrorist acts , " he said .
" You ca n't get it in a library today , you can't buy it in a newsagency , you can't get it on DVD and you certainly can't see it at the cinema or on your TV .
" And it 's currently banned already by the blacklist that was introduced nine years ago and it's banned on Australian - hosted websites today . "
Several internet and software giants say the filter simply will not work , while Colin Jacobs from Electronic Frontiers Australia says parents will be lulled into a false sense of security .
" The filter that we 're looking at does not include R- rated material .
It does not include X - rated material .
These things are explicitly excluded from the filter , " he said .
" Therefore , it really wo n't have any effect whatsoever on the safety of children online , nor will it address any of the real cyber safety risks that have more to do with bullying and interactions with peers and what - not .
" But it comes at a great cost in terms of taxpayer funds and the enormous costs in terms of our free speech . "
The US government yesterday added its voice to the anti-censorship campaign , with the US State Department announcing it had raised the issue with Australian officials .
Swipe at Google
Senator Conroy says his department has not been directly contacted by US officials , but in the final seconds of last night 's discussion he took a swipe at Google for some of its policies on content , privacy and censorship .
" Not withstanding their alleged ' do no evil ' policy , they recently created something called Buzz and there was a reaction .
People said ' well , look are n't you publishing private information ? ' , " Senator Conroy said .
" The founder of Google said the following : ' If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place ' .
He also said recently to Wall Street analysts : ' We love cash ' .
" So when people say ' should n't we just leave it up to the Googles of this world to determine what the filtering policy should be ? ' - make no mistake , anybody who wants to go onto Google 's sites now and look up their filtering policy will actually find they filter more material and a broader range of topics than we are proposing to put forward .
" I 'll back our Parliament to stand fast on these issues from Google . "
A spokeswoman for Google has issued a statement to the ABC saying : " We were surprised to hear the Minister try to make this an issue about Google .
This is a debate about freedom of access to information for all Australians , an issue of national importance .
Let 's focus on that . "
Google has made a submission to the Government 's discussion paper on the internet filter .
It does not support the plan , saying the scope of content to be filtered is too wide .
Blacklist
Other critics have seized on the fact that the Government will refuse to make public the names of the blacklisted sites .
Information security expert Dr Jarrod Trevethan says the blacklist will not work .
" Perpetrators of child pornography will look for other means to access and distribute content .
And as computing devices become more pervasive , there are more options available for concealing and transmitting content , " he said .
" Perpetrators will find alternative methods to access the site .
For example , by contacting someone in another country who can access the blocked site and then having them transmit it directly to them . "
And Dr Trevethan is critical of the Government 's determination to keep the blacklist under wraps .
" If a security system can withstand public scrutiny over time then confidence in the system will grow .
Keeping the security mechanisms secret will only cast doubt over its real effectiveness , " he said .
" So unless this is a matter of national security , the Government should be completely open about process . "
Senator Conroy says making the list of banned sites public would defeat the purpose of the blacklist , but he concedes transparency is important and there may need to be an independent body to monitor the filter .
In any case , the filter will not go ahead without the support of the Federal Opposition , which says it is yet to be convinced that the mandatory filtering plans will actually be effective or achieve the best results .
Dr. Vunjak - Novakovic , Dr. Warren L. Grayson and other members of the team used digital images of the joint to guide a machine that carved a three - dimensional replica , called a scaffold , from cleansed bone material .
The team turned the bare scaffold into living tissue by putting it into a chamber molded to its exact shape , and adding human cells , typically isolated from bone marrow or liposuctioned fat .
A steady source of oxygen , growth hormones , sugar and other nutrients was piped into the chamber , or bioreactor , so the bone would flourish .
“ The cells grow rapidly , ” Dr. Vunjak - Novakovic said .
“ They do n’t know whether they are in the body or in a culture .
They only sense the signals . ”
Traditional bone grafts are typically harvested from other parts of the body , often a traumatic step , or made of materials like titanium that are n’t always compatible with host bones or cause inflammation , said Dr. Francis Y. Lee , a professor of clinical orthopedic surgery at Columbia ’s College of Physicians and Surgeons .
Dr. Lee also has no connection to Dr. Vunjak - Novakovic ’s work .
“ If we have an anatomically matching scaffold that can host bone cells , ” Dr. Lee said , “ this will provide a new way of reconstructing bone and cartilage defects . ”
The design of the bioreactor is ingenious , said Dr. Vacanti of Boston , because it allows sources of nourishment and other fluids to permeate the pores of the scaffold as new bone grows within the pores .
Often , cells make tissue mainly on the outside of a scaffold , while cells inside tend to die .
But Dr. Vunjak - Novakovic ’s bioreactor permits close observation and control of additives by the research team .
“ They can direct the flow and monitor the effect on the development of tissue , ” Dr. Vacanti said .
PROFESSOR
Hollister at Michigan is also working on creating bones of a jaw joint .
But instead of using a bioreactor to grow them , he plans to use the human body as the incubator .
The scaffold for the new bone , designed from a CT scan and printed directly using a laser system , is filled with cells from bone marrow or fat that are taken from the patient to prevent immune - system reactions .
“ Then we will let the patient ’s body naturally heal and reconstruct the tissue as the implant is resorbed by the body , ” he said .
Many of the components to generate good bones are in place , said David L. Kaplan , professor and chairman of the department of biomedical engineering at Tufts University .
“ The technology is here , ” he said , “ to control the size , shape and functional features of human tissue in the lab . ”
The complex problems of keeping tissue alive and integrated when implanted in the body are also well on their way to being solved , Dr. Hunziker said .
“ We are starting to put the pieces of the puzzle together in various combinations to generate good bone , ” she said , “ and it ’s all going to come together in a reasonable amount of time . ”
Former Florida quarterback Tim Tebow has decided not to attend the NFL draft in New York City , and instead will watch it at his home with family and friends in Jacksonville , Fla .
" It was exciting to think about walking up [ on stage ] , shaking the commissioner 's hand and holding up my jersey , " Tebow told FoxSports.com .
" That would have been the coolest thing .
It made my decision that much harder .
" But I thought it was best to be home with my friends and family .
It 's not just an award for me being drafted .
It 's for all the people who invested in me during my life .
I want to be able to celebrate with those people . "
It is possible the former Heisman Trophy winner wo n't be taken Thursday , because the second round does n't start until Friday .
Tebow helped Florida win two national championships in the Gators ' run-heavy system , but his skills may not translate to some NFL teams ' passing - centric offenses .
Tebow has worked on his mechanics before the draft and unveiled his new look at Florida 's pro day last month .
The biggest difference is that he has shortened his throwing motion to get rid of the ball quicker .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Relay For Life at University of Toronto - St. George Campus
The event you selected is not currently available online .
It may be because the event is not open for online registration and / or pledges yet or it may be because the event is over .
Find an event available online
Maybe not today , but very soon !
His name is Jay Martin and he has spent the evening making sure everyone on Twitter knows he is " dead fucking serious " about wishing death upon Barack Obama .
Updated with comment from Martin
Earlier today you met Solly Forrell , the conservative blogger now under investigation by the Secret Service for threatening Obama on Twitter .
Well , here 's another Twitter user helping to keep the Secret Service busy with his own death threats .
According to his Facebook page , Jay Martin graduated from Vatterott College last year with an IT degree and currently resides in Federal Way , WA .
His About Me Page says : " Socially aware , Deep thinker , Artistic , Hip Hop Aficionado , free thinker , Funny Guy . "
Oh , and he really , seriously , honestly , wants to kill President Barack Obama .
( Thanks for the add , Jay ! )
It started with this dispatch from Martin's Twitter account , inspired by last night 's health care vote :
After a bunch of users were like , WTF ?
Are you serious ?
Martin responded :
But , like , seriously , Jay Martin .
Do you REALLY want to kill Barack Obama ?
Please erase all doubt from our mind :
Yikes , OK .
Um .
We 'll give you one more chance ...
You say you 're a " funny guy . "
So this is just a really , really tasteless joke .
Right ?
RIGHT !?
Well !
Hope you have a good lawyer .
You will definitely need it .
Although , Jay Martin is actually pretty excited about his impending legal troubles !
You may say you " did n't do anything wrong , " but the law — specifically 18 USC Sec.
871 :
— does not agree with you .
Jezebel already went over this !
Whoever knowingly and willfully deposits for conveyance in the mail or for a delivery from any post office or by any letter carrier any letter , paper , writing , print , missive , or document containing any threat to take the life of , to kidnap , or to inflict bodily harm upon the President of the United States ... shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years , or both .
When asked for comment via Twitter , Martin responded .
Well , no .
Honestly , we wanted to give you one last chance to say anything that might convince us and the authorities you are just some idiot kid pounding randomly on a keyboard rather than an idiot kid who is actually issuing serious death threats against the president via Twitter .
We will remind you that Forrell is currently under investigation by the Secret Service for saying way less .
Update :
We managed to reach a fiercely back - pedaling Jay Martin on Facebook and he had this to say :
GAWKER : Why were you tweeting death threats against Obama tonight ?
MARTIN : Eh ..
I have no excuse for that .
I do n't really wish death on him or anyone else
I was just being irrational and speaking on raw emotion
But there 's no EXCUSE .. I did it .. and yea .
GAWKER : So when you said you were " dead serious " about wanting Obama dead what did you mean ?
Were you joking ?
MARTIN : No .. I was n't joking .
Thats not something you joke about .
Again ..
I was highly upset and speaking out of anger .
I did not mean what I said though .
GAWKER : What about the legal aspect ?
MARTIN : As far as the FBI ?
I do n't really care about them .
I said what I said ..
And if they take action then so be it .
GAWKER : Were you aware of how serious what you were doing could be ?
You 're not worried at all about the fact that you could be facing jail time ?
MARTIN : No I am Not .
And I did not think about consequences .
Again .. I was speaking out of anger and acted irrationally .
Had I been in a rational mind set ..
I would not have said it
GAWKER : so do you regret saying it ?
JAY : Yes .
But not because he 's the president .. and not because Of possible jail time .
As I said .
I do n't wish death on anyone .
So yes .
I regret threatening another person to that extreme ...
If I could take it back .
I would .
But i can't .
So I 'm willing to face whatever comes next .
GAWKER : So you were speaking out of anger .
What prompted your anger I 'm guessing the health care vote ?
JAY : Yes .
And my beliefs on it from what I have researched .
GAWKER : Would you consider yourself a Conservative ?
JAY : I 'm not political .
I do n't believe our Government has its citizen 's best interest in mind whether Democrat or Republican .
GAWKER : OK , so that 's why you 're against the health care bill .
JAY : Basically yes .
So , there you have it : Jay Martin , perhaps the world 's first black Teabagger ?
Anyway , thanks for talking with us , Jay .
We are fairly convinced that you do not want to kill Obama , but you 're still in a shitload of trouble .
Hopefully we have all learned a lesson about how far away we should be from our keyboards while being utter fucktards .
( Far . )
Hey , FBI , here 's your guy !
Accounts by Survivors
and Their Friends and Families
All the information on this Web site has ultimately become public through the courage and determination shown by the survivors of sexual abuse by priests .
They have given speeches and granted interviews , as SNAP founder Barbara Blaine did in Rome during the selection of Pope Benedict XVI .
They have written to bishops and spoken before the bishops ' conference .
And they have prepared sworn statements for use in legal proceedings .
Every instance of survivor 's witness is precious .
Their interviews made investigative reporting possible and their speeches caused the crisis to unfold .
Their affidavits and other accounts are the most exact and touching record we have of the catastrophe .
Photographs of Survivors
Sworn Affidavits by Boston Victims of Paul R. Shanley
Sworn Affidavits by the Davenport Victims of Janssen and His Circle
These affidavits were submitted to the court by Craig Levien , attorney for James Wells and John Doe III in their suits against James Janssen et al .
They document the sufferings of Iowa boys molested by a ring of abusive priests including Revs. James M. Janssen , Francis E. Bass , James W. Murphy , and T. Anthony Geerts .
The ring seems to have begun at Kenrick Seminary in St. Louis , from which Janssen , Bass , and Murphy graduated in 1948 .
Note on the Texts :
We have redacted names and personal details from court and diocesan documents in order to protect the identity of the survivors .
Several organizations and individuals have made important contributions to survivor witness .
SNAP and the Healing Alliance have provided the support that enabled survivors to come forward with their accounts , and SNAP has collected the writings and speeches of survivors .
Some accounts from the SNAP collection are included below .
Voice of the Faithful provided national and local audiences where survivors could tell their stories .
Speeches to the U.S. Bishops ' Conference in Dallas on June 13 , 2002
Orange Diocesan Complaint File of Rev. Michael Pecharich
The accounts found in diocesan files are often very different from the sworn affidavits presented above .
In order to write , the victim or family member must overcome the deference and even awe that bishops are accorded .
They must approach a mysterious bureaucracy where the victim 's strongest feelings collide — an attachment shaped by upbringing and education , and an aversion to the institution where the violation occurred .
The accounts in a diocesan file , even a file that has been sanitized , can also reveal what the bishop knew and when he knew it .
Such is the case with the file of Rev. Michael Pecharich , one of many released in the Orange diocese thanks to the determination of survivor Joelle Casteix .
[ The first year is the date of the abuse .
The second date shows when the diocese received the account .
The accounts are listed in the order they were received by the diocese . ]
Accounts in Depth
My Story – Testimony by Donald Bondick before the Ohio state legislature .
Bondick recreates the culture of his midwest upbringing and the shock of abuse by Rev. Ted Feely , who is also the subject of a series in the Rock River Times .
See our assignment record of Feely .
( 1969 ; 11/22/05 )
Speaking and Healing
Boston and Manchester
This Web site is dedicated to the survivors and their families and loved ones .
All the information on this site has ultimately become public through the courage and determination shown by the survivors of sexual abuse by priests .
Please email us with your account , and let us know about media reports that profile survivors .
We appreciate your help in building this archive .
Return to the BishopAccountability.org homepage .
Advertisements
Today on his radio show Glenn Beck continued to react to the fact that he turned himself into a national laughingstock with his Fox News interview of former Rep. Eric Massa yesterday .
Beck tried to place all of the blame on Massa for yesterday ’s 60 minutes of train wreck television .
The Massa interview could end up being a watershed in Beck ’s career , because it was at this point his hubris and arrogance finally derailed his Fox News stardom .
Here is the audio of Beck courtesy of Media Matters :
Beck ’s arrogance was on full display today as he blamed Massa , and not himself for booking such an obvious train wreck of a man .
Beck said , “ I almost threw him out of the studio like three times , but no , no , I was n’t going to be that hot head kind of guy , and I was n’t angry for any other reason , other than , what did I say to you coming up on the elevator coming up this morning , Pat ?
We were arriving and I said what was it before I had an adult who tries to convince America that he is involved in a tickle fest .
What did we have on the agenda , because I had the whole week of shows mapped out , and this guy took me off track ? ”
Advertisements
He continued , “ What a waste of time this man was .
Now I ’m torn on it .
I ’m torn , because there ’d be a lot of conversation about this guy .
He was on Larry King .
Well it was CNN .
It was this it was that , blah , blah , blah .
There still is .
There ’s still conversation .
I am seeing it on Twitter and everything else .
People , Republicans or conservatives are like you know he was trying to talk code to Glenn and Glenn ’s just not smart enough to .
Talk Code ?
Shut up , shut up , I ’m really torn because there are so many things we could do , but now that we have spent the hour , we do n’t ever have to pay attention this man ever again . ”
Glenn Beck has only himself to blame for his woes .
Yesterday , Michelle Malkin tried to warn
Beck about giving an hour to Massa , but he yelled her down .
Beck was attempting to use Massa to advance his Obama conspiracy theories , but instead , this is what he got .
Watch the latest news video at video.
foxnews.com
The responsibility for this fiasco rests with Beck himself , but he pushed his senior producer , not only off of his show off of the network .
Beck and a small group of likeminded staffers are running his show .
There is no one left to point out to Beck that hosting a scandal ridden former liberal congressman in the hope that he backs up your own wild conspiracy theories , might not be such a good idea .
The problem for Beck is that his fame survives off of controversy and publicity .
He said on his radio show yesterday that people were not paying attention to the same old guests that he has on to support his conspiracy theories .
Beck tried to use Massa for his own ends , but instead ended up being made a fool of for an hour .
This looks like the beginning of the end for Beck , because his ego completely blinded his judgment .
It seems that Glenn has forgotten that he owes his fame to many of the same conservatives who he told to shut up today .
Without the audience Beck will end up going back to being a morning disc jockey .
He appears to be setting himself up to learn the hard lesson that the audience giveth and audience taketh away .
* Update : 9 dec 2011 *
Using a few of these hidden features , TheMiner let you analyse memory , performances , DisplayList , loaders and a lot more !
* end update *
When I found this , I just could not believed it .
In the past few weeks I did many articles greatly appreciated by the community : FlashPlayer Security , FlashPlayer Memory , AS3 Array under the hood , Optimized Base64 Encoding .
But this one , I think , will rule them all !
I knew for a long time now that flash had undocumented features , little part of flash that could help speed up process ( like the memory opcodes ) or make interaction easy with right click and that kind of things .
But I never thought that FlashPlayer would hide data that could help find bugs , or give better knowledge of how flash is interpreted .
As you may know ,
The mm.cfg files is located in :
Windows ; C : \Documents and Settings\username\mm.cfg
OSX ; / Library / Application Support / Macromedia/ mm.cfg
Linux ; home / username / mm.cfg
This file is interpreted when a Flash Player instance launches a SWF and gives indication of what should or should n’t be done .
For example , most people use this file to set tracing parameters :
ErrorReportingEnable=1
TraceOutputFileEnable=1
TraceOutputFileName=c:\logs\flashlogs.txt
MaxWarnings=50
Many other options are specified in the Adobe FlashPlayer Admin Guide … but most of is NOT DOCUMENTED !
There is a LOT of thing to talk about and many cutting edge tools to improve your understanding of flash .
So let ’s get into it
The Treasure
The complete list of features of mm.cfg is at the end of the post , but first lets talk about what ’s most interesting .
I took my favorite 7 features and made detailed explanation with example for each one so here they are :
TraceOutputBuffered = 1|0
This feature is essential to the rest of all the cool features because they output A LOT of lines in the flashlog
This is a very simple features but it change everything .
Did you ever had problem tracing to many information and losing half of it in the flashlog ?
Well this is a known bug .
If you make a loop of 1 000 000 and you trace the iterator , the flashlog will skip thousand of entries and will take 100 % of your CPU while writing to disk .
If you set this variable to true , the traces will be buffered and the write to disk will output multiple lines in one access .
Performance ?
By default ( without this feature ) , I ’m able to trace 3600 line in 6 seconds and my CPU is at 100 % .
If I turn the features on , I can trace 1 000 000 lines in the same time !
And my CPU is not even near 100 % .
AS3 Verbose = 1|0
This one is totally crazy .
It traces detailed information about SWF ByteCode structure and Runtime parsing of the bytecode !
You do n’t need any software … no special framework to bind in your own SWF … just this one flag !
verify Main / CallFoo( ) define incoming args @0 arg 0 @ 1 arg 0 @ 2 arg 0 @ 3 arg 0 @ 4 arg 0 @5 arg 0 alloc local traits @ 6 alloc 4 @ 7 alloc 8 alloc CallStackNode @8 alloc 48 param 0 @9 ldop 0 ( @5 ) @ 10 imm 4 debug_enter @ 11 imm 0 @ 12 imm 1 @ 13 lea 0 ( @7 ) @ 14 lea 0 ( @8 ) @ 15 lea 0 ( @6 ) save state @ 16 def @9 @ 17 imm 165651400 @ 18 st 0 ( @6 ) <- @ 17 @ 19 usea @ 16 @ 20 st 0 ( @7 ) <- @ 19 @ 21 def @ 10 cse @ 11 @ 22 st 4( @7 ) <- @ 11 @23 cm MethodEnv::debugEnter ( @3 , @4 , @5 , @15 , @ 12 , @14 , @13 , @ 11 ) @ 26 ld 164427072(0 ) cse @ 11 @ 27 ucmp @ 26 @ 11 @ 28 jne @ 27 -> 0 @ 29 alloc 0 stack : scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main$ ] locals : Main@16 0:debugfile " C: \Dev\src ; ;Main.as " @ 30 imm 164421632 @ 31 ldop 44(@30 ) @ 32 imm 165988864 save state @ 33 cm Debugger :: debugFile ( @31 , @ 32 ) stack : scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display:: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main$ ] locals : Main@16 2 : debugline 29 cse @ 30 cse @ 31 @ 35 imm 29 save state @ 36 cm Debugger :: debugLine ( @31 , @ 35 ) stack : scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main$ ] locals : Main@16 4:getlocal0 @ 38 use @ 16 [ 0 ] stack : Main@38 scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main$ ] locals : Main@38 5 : pushscope stack : scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main $ ]
Main@38 locals : Main@38 6 : debugline 31 cse @ 30 cse @ 31 @ 39 imm 31 save state @ 40 def @ 38 @ 41 use @ 40 [ 0 ] @ 42 st 4( @7 ) <- @ 41 @43 cm Debugger :: debugLine ( @31 , @ 39 ) stack : scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main $ ]
Main@40 locals : Main@16 8 : pushbyte 3 @45 imm 3 stack : int@45 scope : [ global Object $ flash.events :: EventDispatcher$ flash.display :: DisplayObject$ flash.display :: InteractiveObject $ flash.display ::DisplayObjectContainer$ flash.display:: Sprite$ Main $ ]
Main@40 locals : Main@16 10 : returnvalue cse @ 14 save state @ 46 def @ 45 @ 47 cm MethodEnv::debugExit ( @3 , @ 14 ) @ 49 use @ 46 [ 2 ] @ 50 ret @ 49 @ 51 bb
AS3 Trace = 1|0
This one is also very useful for debugging
It trace every single call to any function that is being called in the SWF at runtime !
It ’s like expending the StackTrace to the full software run time .
If you got a crash hard to find , you can turn this on and you will see ALL the last function executed that leaded to the crash .
You can even see Timer Call and Events callbacks !
1255552 AVMINF : MTHD ProfilerAgent / stopProfiling () @ 0x05DA35A0 1255552 AVMINF : MTHD global / flash.sampler::stopSampling () @ 0x0A8C2B20 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash.display :: DisplayObject / get root () @ 0x0A8C06B0 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash.net :: Socket / flush ( ) @ 0x0A8C2AD0 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash.net :: Socket / close ( ) @ 0x0A8C2B70 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash.net :: Socket / _init ( ) @ 0x0A8C0DF0 1255553 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer/stop ( ) @ 0x0A8C2CB0 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer /reset ( ) @ 0x0A8C1B20 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer / get running ( ) @ 0x0A8C1C30 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash.net :: Socket/internalClose () @ 0x0A8C2D00 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash .
events :: EventDispatcher/removeEventListener () @ 0x0A8C2110 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer/stop ( ) @ 0x0A8C2CB0 1255554 AVMINF : MTHD flash.system :: System$/resume ( ) @ 0x0A8C2D50 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer /tick () @ 0x0A8C2DA0 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer/_timerDispatch () @ 0x0A8C2FF0 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD flash.events :: TimerEvent () @ 0x0A8C3040 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD flash.events :: Event ( ) @ 0x0A8C1AC0 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD Main / OnTimer () @ 0x00B70910 1256675 AVMINF : MTHD global / trace ( ) @ 0x0A8C2170 MyTimer 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer /tick () @ 0x0A8C2DA0 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD flash.utils :: Timer/_timerDispatch () @ 0x0A8C2FF0 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD flash.events :: TimerEvent () @ 0x0A8C3040 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD flash.events :: Event ( ) @ 0x0A8C1AC0 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD Main / OnTimer () @ 0x00B70910 1258705 AVMINF : MTHD global / trace ( ) @ 0x0A8C2170 MyTimer
AS3StaticProfile = 1|0
This flag enable Just in Time Compiler ( NanoJIT ) logs .
It gives detailed information on function conversion , bytecode conversion , MIR ( machine - dependent intermediate representation ) created , memory used and many others .
At the end of execution , it also output a summary of all bytecode processed ( For each opcode you have the number of occurrence , relatives importance , etc )
size profile Main / CallFoo abc 12 mir 880 md 204 1773 K mir/s 74 K md/s 96 % in compile during 854 micros 204 bytes from 55 MIR instructions 61 MD. max span 0 cse 7 dead 0 76 bytes of stack with 5 spills 5 steals 5 remats using 0 times size profile Main / CallFooBar abc 23 mir 1088 md 262 2386 K mir/s 85 K md/s 96 % in compile during 921 micros 262 bytes from 68 MIR instructions 76 MD. max span 0 cse 10 dead 0 88 bytes of stack with 8 spills 7 steals 5 remats using 0 times
verified instructions 3395 verified code size 7441 cpool size 0 cpool int size 1 cpool uint size 0 cpool double size 0 cpool string size 568 cpool namespacesize 12 cpool namespace set size 0 cpool multiname size 75 methods size 20100 instances size 39 classes size 2 scripts size 8 bodies size 82873 18 0 % 36 B 0 % kill 5 0 % 5 B 0 % label 1 0 % 4 B 0 % ifngt 10 0 % 40 B 0 % jump 6 0 % 24 B 0 % iftrue 22 0 % 88 B 1 % iffalse 4 0 % 16 B 0 % ifeq 4 0 % 16 B 0 % ifne 2 0 % 8 B 0 % iflt 2 0 % 2 B 0 % pushwith 93 2 % 93 B 1 % popscope 2 0 % 2 B 0 % nextname 16 0 % 16 B 0 % pushnull 2 0 % 2 B 0 % pushundefined 79 2 % 158 B 2 % pushbyte 6 0 % 19 B 0 % pushshort 9 0 % 9 B 0 % pushtrue 6 0 % 6 B 0 % pushfalse 1 0 % 1 B 0 % pushnan 50 1 % 50 B 0 % pop 21 0 % 21 B 0 % dup 2 0 % 2 B 0 % swap 113 3 % 331 B 4 % pushstring 43 1 % 86 B 1 % pushint 11 0 % 22 B 0 % pushdouble 202 5 % 202 B 2 % pushscope 1 0 % 2 B 0 % pushnamespace 2 0 % 6 B 0 % hasnext2 143 4 % 382 B 5 % newfunction
60 1 % 216 B 2 % callproperty 102 3 % 102 B 1 % returnvoid 9 0 % 9 B 0 % returnvalue 13 0 % 26 B 0 % constructsuper 9 0 % 30 B 0 % constructprop
49 1 % 173 B 2 % callpropvoid 4 0 % 8 B 0 % newobject 5 0 % 10 B 0 % newarray 2 0 % 2 B 0 % newactivation 45 1 % 114 B 1 % newclass 391 11 % 1011 B 13 % findpropstrict
119 3 % 290 B 3 % findproperty 96 2 % 197 B 2 % getlex 158 4 % 432 B 5 % setproperty 18 0 % 36 B 0 % getlocal 18 0 % 36 B 0 % setlocal 2 0 % 2 B 0 % getglobalscope 9 0 % 18 B 0 % getscopeobject 365 10 % 938 B 12 % getproperty 174 5 % 443 B 5 % initproperty 2 0 % 4 B 0 % getslot 102 3 % 204 B 2 % setslot 6 0 % 6 B 0 % convert_i 11 0 % 11 B 0 % convert_u 11 0 % 11 B 0 % convert_b 6 0 % 14 B 0 % coerce 3 0 % 3 B 0 % coerce_a 7 0 % 7 B 0 % coerce_s 1 0 % 1 B 0 % negate 2 0 % 2 B 0 % increment 6 0 % 6 B 0 % not 6 0 % 6 B 0 % add 4 0 % 4 B 0 % subtract 1 0 % 1 B 0 % multiply 5 0 % 5 B 0 % divide 1 0 % 1 B 0 % lshift 3 0 % 3 B 0 % rshift 2 0 % 2 B 0 % bitand 2 0 % 2 B 0 % bitor 6 0 % 6 B 0 % equals 2 0 % 2 B 0 % lessthan 2 0 % 2 B 0 % greaterequals 1 0 % 1 B 0 % increment_i 275 8 % 275 B 3 % getlocal0 49 1 % 49 B 0 % getlocal1 36 1 % 36 B 0 % getlocal2 17 0 % 17 B 0 % getlocal3 13 0 % 13 B 0 % setlocal1 14 0 % 14 B 0 % setlocal2 11 0 % 11 B 0 % setlocal3 23 0 % 144 B 1 % abs_jump 54 1 % 330 B 4 % debug 168 4 % 456 B 6 % debugline 19 0 % 50 B 0 % debugfile
AS3DynamicProfile = 1|0
This one give dynamic information about the opcodes being called and gives statistic for each .
The statistics include count , cycles , % count , %times and CPI
My question is : Having access to the CPI ( Cycle per instruction ) will we be able to conclude all
fights between what operation is faster that the others ?
Cycle counts does not lies ( on the same platform … )
* Request for Jackson Dunstan : Wanna work on that ?
🙂 *
But there is a problem with this one , it crash all the time .
My guess is it ca n’t process “ Flash Object ” like Movieclip , Event , and all the other and only support operation valid in tamarin .
total count=278 cycles=35508249 avg CPI=127727 user 1.9 % gc 0 % decoder 97.7 % verifier 1.6 % codegen 0.2 % count cycles % count % time CPI opcode -----
--------
-------
-------
---
------ 2 34714742 0.7 97.7 17357371 decode 211 602237 75.8 1.6 2854 verifyop 6 89138 2.1 0.2 14856 codegenop 3 78305 1.0 0.2 26101 newclass 7 4813 2.5 0.0 687 findpropstrict 6 3922 2.1 0.0 653 setslot 4 3260 1.4 0.0 815 initproperty 4 2724 1.4 0.0 681 getproperty 9 1859 3.2 0.0 206 getlocal0 4 1639 1.4 0.0 409 verifypass 2 1190 0.7 0.0 595 returnvoid 1 755 0.3 0.0 755 pushnamespace 3 745 1.0 0.0 248 abs_jump 2 550 0.7 0.0 275 findproperty 5 527 1.7 0.0 105 pushscope 1 403 0.3 0.0 403 pushnull 2 382 0.7 0.0 191 pushbyte 1 331 0.3 0.0 331 popscope 1 331 0.3 0.0 331 pushundefined 2 238 0.7 0.0 119 pushint 2 158 0.7 0.0 79 pushdouble
LogGPU = 1|0
This enable logging GPU information about current SWF while it runs .
Use GPULogOutputFileName = [ path ] to specify where to output that log .
Use DisplayGPUBlend = 1 to display the little green square while GPU runs
use ForceGPUBlend = 1 ( At your own risk ) to force GPU event if your videocard is not officially listed as valid for Flash GPU .
[ GPU - BLEND ] SUCEEDED to create D3D device [ GPU - BLEND ] 0x1161000 MONITOR / DEVICE SWITCH , old=0x0 , new=0x18fd00 [ GPU - BLEND ] 0x1161000 Started ( wMode=GPU ) on device 10de 402 ( 6.14.11.9062 ) NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT mem:free=718 , used=0 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Begin render aa=4 .
Free TextureMem=712
Mb , Used = 5 [ GPU - BLEND ] Using 0x13b7080 as RT vp= 0 0 800 600 , aa = 4 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Clearing buffer 0x13b7080 { 0 0 800 600 } with color ffffffff [ GPU - BLEND ]
Filling border & background on 0x13b7080 3 3 11 11 with bo : ffffffff , ba:ff00ff00 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Using 0x13b7080 as RT vp= 0 0 800 600 , aa = 4 [ GPU - BLEND ]
End render [ GPU - BLEND ] 0x1161000 Started ( wMode=GPU ) on device 10de 402 ( 6.14.11.9062 ) NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT mem:free=716 , used=0 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Begin render aa=4 .
Free TextureMem=712
Mb , Used = 5 [ GPU - BLEND ] Using 0x11b7080 as RT vp= 0 0 800 600 , aa = 4 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Clearing buffer 0x11b7080 { 0 0 800 600 } with color ffffffff [ GPU - BLEND ]
Filling border & background on 0x11b7080 3 3 11 11 with bo : ffffffff , ba:ff00ff00 [ GPU - BLEND ]
Using 0x11b7080 as RT vp= 0 0 800 600 , aa = 4 [ GPU - BLEND ]
End render
PreloadSwf?flashvar1=value&…
This is mainly used by the FlashBuilder Profiler .
When you launch a SWF profiling , FlashBuilder add this line to mm.cfg to make it run another SWF before the one you profile .
The default file is : C:/ Documents and Settings / {USER} / My Documents / Flex Builder 3/.metadata/.plugins/com.adobe.flash.profiler/ProfilerAgent.swf?host=localhost&port=9999
The profiler agent is a SWF that use the as3 sampling classes to collect information and send them all over a socket connection to FlashBuilder .
FlashBuilder is only interpreting that data received from the SWF
By changing localhost by any other machine name you can connect to a remote FlashBuilder Profiler .
On the Remote profiler you need to check the “ wait for application ” box and then start the local SWF on the other machine .
This one is just crazy powerful : See : One SWF to rule them all ! and New visual Profiler
The Full List
undocumented features will be written in bold
AllowUserLocalTrust = 1|0
Lets you prevent users from designating any files on local file systems as trusted .
AS3 AllocationTracking = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile Allocation in FlexBuilder anymore )
AS3AutoStartSampling = 1|0
Specify if we need a feedback before starting the profiler or we start right away .
AS3CSE = 1|0
CSE is an acronym for “ Common Subexpression Elimination ” .
It seems plausible that these may be employed by the Flash virtual machine to optimize the byte - code before executing
AS3DCE = 1|0
DCE is an acronym for “ Dead Code Elimination ” .
It seems plausible that these may be employed by the Flash virtual machine to optimize the byte - code before executing
AS3DynamicProfile = 1|0
When enabling this ( you might crash half the time ) the flash player is going to collect precious profiling information on opcodes used in the Swf ( count / Time / % / Cycles )
AS3MIR = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , FlashPlayer wo n’t keep information on Machine - dependant intermediate representation – NanoJIT )
AS3 Sampling = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile in FlexBuilder anymore )
AS3SSE = 1|0
* My guess is it turns on and off SSE optimization
AS3StaticProfile = 1|0
Information Generated by NanoJit ( just in time compiler used in Tamarin ) , including a lot of statistic on code conversion , time to process and memory use
AS3 Trace = 1|0
If turned on , ALL function called ( at runtime ) will be outputed in the flashlogs !
You should always use in conjonction with TraceOutputBuffered=1
AS3 Turbo = 1|0
??
AS3 Verbose = 1|0
Trace detailed information about SWF ByteCode structure and Runtime parsing of the bytecode !
AssetCacheSize=X
Lets you specify a hard limit , in MB , on the amount of local storage that Flash Player uses for the storage of common Flash components .
AutoUpdateDisable = 1|0
Lets you prevent Flash Player from automatically checking for and installing updated versions .
AutoUpdateInterval = X
Lets you specify how often to check for an updated version of Flash Player .
AutoUpdateVersionUrl = [ URL ]
Lets you specify a precise server to look up for new flash version
AVHardwareDisable = 1|0
Lets you prevent SWF files from accessing webcams or microphones .
CodeSignLogFile
??
CodeSignRootCert = 1|0
??
Convert8kAnd16 kAudio = 1|0
??
CrashLogEnable = 1|0
??
DisableAVM1 Loading = 1|0
If turned on , no SWF of version 8 and earlier can be loaded .
DisableDeviceFontEnumeration = 1|0
Lets you prevent information on installed fonts from being displayed .
DisableIncrementalGC = 1|0
Lets you enable / disable Garbage Collector Incremental policies ( more info on the GC )
DisableMulticoreRenderer = 1|0
Lets you turn off multiple core rendering
DisableNetworkAndFilesystemInHostApp = 1|0
Lets you prevent networking or file system access of any kind .
DisableProductDownload = 1|0
Lets you prevent native code applications that are digitally signed and delivered by Adobe from being downloaded .
DisableSockets = 1|0
Lets you enable or disable the use of the Socket.connect ( ) and XMLSocket.connect ( ) methods .
DisplayGPUBlend = 1|0
If set to 1 , it will prevent GPU use even if the SWF context is setted to use GPU and your card support it .
EnableIncrementalValidation = 1|0
??
EnableLeakFile = 1|0
??
EnableSocketsTo = [ address ]
Lets you create a whitelist of servers to which socket connections are allowed .
EnableSocketsTo = localhost.localdomain
EnableSocketsTo = 127.0.0.1
EnforceLocalSecurityInActiveXHostApp = 1|0
Lets you enforce local security rules for a specified application .
ErrorReportingEnable = 1|0
Set the ErrorReportingEnable property to 1 to enable the debugger version of Flash Player to write error messages to the log file .
FileDownloadDisable = 1|0
Lets you prevent the ActionScript FileReference API from performing file downloads .
FileUploadDisable = 1|0
Lets you prevent the ActionScript FileReference API from performing file uploads .
ForceGPUBlend = 1|0
Force GPU blending even if you video card is not officialy supported ( At your own risk ! )
FrameProfilingEnable = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile Frames in FlexBuilder anymore )
FullScreenDisable = 1|0
Lets you disable SWF files playing via a browser plug - in from being displayed in full - screen mode .
GCStats = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile GC in FlexBuilder anymore )
GPULogOutputFileName
Lets you specify the output file for the GPU informations
HeapProfilingAS3 Enable = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile Heap in FlexBuilder anymore )
LegacyDomainMatching = 1|0
Lets you specify whether SWF files produced for Flash Player 6 and earlier can execute an operation that has been restricted in a newer version of Flash Player .
LocalFileLegacyAction = 1|0
Lets you specify how Flash Player determines whether to execute certain local SWF files that were originally produced for Flash Player 7 and earlier .
LocalFileReadDisable = 1|0
Lets you prevent local SWF files from having read access to files on local hard drives .
LocalStorageLimit = X
Lets you specify a hard limit on the amount of local storage that Flash Player uses ( per domain ) for persistent shared objects .
LogGPU = 1|0
Lets you specify if you want to output debug GPU log
MaxWarnings = X
The default value of the MaxWarnings property is 100 .
After 100 messages , the debugger version of Flash Player writes a message to the file stating that further error messages will be suppressed .
OverrideGPUValidation = 1|0
Overrides validation of the requirements needed to implement GPU compositing .
OverrideUserInvokedActions = 1|0
??
PolicyFileLog = 1|0
Enables the logging of policy file messages .
PolicyFileLogAppend = 1|0
Set the PolicyFileLogAppend property to 1 to save previous policy file log entries
PreloadSwf?flashvar1=value&…
Lets you specify a SWF to be loaded before the main swf .
This is the profiler agent , a little flash app ( ProfilerAgent.swf ) that connect to the FlexBuilder Profiler via socket ( localhost:9999 ) .
FlexBuilder is only interpreting that data .
PreloadSwf=C:/ Documents and Settings / {USER} / My Documents / Flex Builder 3/.metadata/.plugins/com.adobe.flash.profiler/ProfilerAgent.swf?host=localhost&port=9999
By changing localhost by any other machine name you can connect to a remote FlashBuilder Profiler .
On the Remote profiler you need to check the “ wait for application ” box and then start the local SWF on the other machine .
ProductDisabled = 1|0
Creates a list of ProductManager applications that users are not permitted to install or launch .
ProductDownloadBaseUrl
??
ProfileFunctionEnable = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile function in FlexBuilder anymore )
ProfilingOutputDirectory = [ path ]
Specify where to save the ProfilerData file
ProfilingOutputFileEnable = 1|0
Specify if we want to create a file containing all the profiler data ( flashprof_1265745253708.dat )
RendererProfilingEnable = 1|0
Enable / Disable Profiling information ( if turned off , we ca n’t profile in FlexBuilder anymore )
RTMFPP2 PDisable = 1|0
Specifies how the NetStream constructor connects to a server when a value is specified for peerID , the second parameter passed to the constructor .
RTMFPTURNProxy = 1|0
Lets Flash Player make RTMFP connections through the specified TURN server in addition to normal UDP sockets .
ScriptStuckTimeout = X
Lets you specify the time after what the timeout ( too much time running a script ) exception will popup
SecurityDialogReportingEnable = 1|0
Lets you specify whether the Security dialog should be visible or not .
SuppressDebuggerExceptionDialogs = 1|0
Lets you specify whether the Error dialog should be visible or not .
ThirdPartyStorage
Lets you specify whether third - party SWF files can read and write locally persistent shared objects .
TraceOutputBuffered = 1|0
Specify the flash player to use a buffer before writing to disk .
If you had problem when tracing tousands of lines and line were skipped , this solve the thing .
It ’s also a lot faster ( 1000000 trace in 7 seconds instead of 3200 trace in 7 sec ! )
TraceOutputFileEnable = 1|0
Set TraceOutputFileEnable to 1 to enable the debugger version of Flash Player to write trace messages to the log file .
TraceOutputFileName= [ path ]
( Before Flash 9 ) Sets the location of the log file .
By default , the debugger version of Flash Player writes error messages to a file named flashlog .
txt , located in the same directory in which the mm.cfg file is located .
UseBrokerProcess = 1|0
Lets you specify if you want to use elevated privileges or not ( See the FlashPlayer update )
WindowlessDisable = 1|0
Lets you disable Floating Flash ( ex : Ads )
Conclusion
This whole thing opens a new playground for hardcore programmer like me .
A lot can be done with this new information :
Custom Profiling tool using AS3 Verbose and AS3 Trace modes
Custom Profiling tool using .dat generated by FlashProfiler
Automatic Code performance warning using NanoJIT structure analysis
Guide to performance using CPI ( cycle per instruction )
Mapping of profiler using the PreloadSwf features ( instead of localhost put any other host that have a valid profiler )
I did n’t have time to work extensively on each features and I may have interpreted incorrectly certain things .
If it ’s the case please tell me and I ’ll modify this post .
If you do test or benchmark using this post information please post them as comment here and I ’ll add the benchmark later in the post .
By the way , I am now on twitter : jpauclair
References
Adobe MM.cfg documentation
Adobe Flash Player Admin Guide ( containing mm.cfg information )
Nearly two years ago , I set out on the quest for a new house .
Well , not new by any stretch of the word " new " , but more foreclosed and dilapidated .
It was 2008 and the market was flooded with homes , especially those of the not quite livable variety .
As I explored house after house after house , I became intimately familiar with a device known as a key lock box .
Generally used by realtors , key lock boxes are a convenient , low - tech way to provide combination code access to a lock that would otherwise require a physical key for access .
This was actually the first time I had ever seen a key lock box .
Essentially , they 're small steel boxes that contain a key and are often affixed near a keyhole ( eg. , the door handle ) .
Some feature a set of dials that must be aligned with the right code , while others ( such as the one pictured ) use a pushbutton system to enter the combination .
Being that they 're such low - tech contraptions , the pushbutton key lock boxes do n't quite work like you might expect .
For example , one popular brand will unlock if the four - digit code is entered in sequence , regardless of what or how many digits preceded it .
That is , if the code is 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 , pressing 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 will open the box .
Taking it a step further , the sequence 4- 8-2-9-5-1-4 - 5 would cover the codes 4-8-2-9 8-2-9-5 9-5- 1 - 4 and 5-1-4-5 .
Bring Your Own Code
Your exercise for the day : write a function that outputs a sequence numbers which cover all combinations within the sequence .
The input should be : Easy - nothing ; just assume 4 - digit combination code and 10 buttons Hard - two variables : an integer that represents the combination code length , and the number of buttons on the lockbox
The output should be a valid sequence that covers all combinations
For bonus points , develop a variation wherein combination sequence does n't matter ; that is , pressing 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 not only covers 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 and 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 , but also covers 1 - 2 - 4 - 3 , 1-4-3 - 2 , 1 - 4 - 2 - 3 , and so on ( but does not cover 1 - 2 - 3 - 5 and variants ) .
Thanks to Daniel Lundgren for suggesting this challenge .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Renault boss Eric Boullier thinks that his team can set its sights on pushing even harder in the races now - after Robert Kubica 's breakthrough podium finish in the Australian Grand Prix .
Kubica delivered a brilliant performance at Albert Park to hold off race - long pressure from Lewis Hamilton and Felipe Massa and grab his first podium for his new team .
And with the outfit now understanding exactly how quick its car is , and getting a better grip on tyre strategies , Boullier thinks Renault can lift its performance up a gear in future races .
" Obviously we knew already that our car has good race pace , and is a consistent one , but it was a question mark about tyre degradation , " Boullier told AUTOSPORT .
" Now we know so we can push on with a little bit more . "
Boullier believes that the podium finish , which comes after a troubled spell for Renault after the Singapore GP crash scandal and a winter of uncertainty about its future , will help spur team personnel on even more .
" We know our car has the pace to be at least just behind the big top four , so obviously any mess up front we can take the opportunity to score points .
" Obviously I am very , very happy with the team at Enstone and Viry - Chatillon because they did an awesome job during the winter , and it is good to have some points and podiums .
The target is done , but it helps morale to be even better . "
Reflecting on the importance of the victory after the troubled winter , Boullier said : " Of course it was difficult because they are racer people .
" When you do n't have results you are just flat .
On top of all of this we had the stories , and the change of control of the company - so as we have been saying for three months , I wanted this team to be head down , working and to do what we know is the best - racing .
So to be on the podium is great for them . "
( An article from 1995 .
I edited it and added some pictures . ) I.supports impossible standards that women are pressured to follow .
" Everyone knows these women were selected because they are hot , that 's the point .
They represent ideals of a certain kind .
How badly will " regular " women 's self - esteem be mangled if they can't be ideals ?
I think they 'll be fine .
Will more women want to dye their hair blonde ?
Get implants ?
Probably .
Will this end up destroying America ?
Probably not .
Will it set impossible standards for women , turn men impotent when confronted by A cups ?
No .
Why woulddo it if pornography can't ?
Pamela Anderson is n't the problem .
CJ is the problem .
She does n't exist .
It 's conceivable that with the right supplies , you could look like Pamela Anderson .
This wo n't destroy society .
What women can't do is look and live like CJ on a lifeguard 's income .
But Baywatch convinces people that there is a certain level of ordinary materialism that everyone can have .
" This is what it $ 20,000 a year looks like .
" That 's what 's going to destroy America .
II .
How much does it cost to be CJ ?
Not Pamela Anderson-- CJ .
So , not how much are implants , a nose job and a personal trainer ; but how much are CJ 's nail appointments , and hair ?
How much does her ( or any of the characters ' ) makeup cost ?
The car lease ?
Her CD player and apartment in Malibu ?
The sofas ?
CJ and the gals never wear the same clothes in two shows .
Never the same shoes .
How much does that cost ?
They do n't shop at Sears , right ? , along withand , is changing America in ways you do n't notice -- precisely because you do n't notice .
In prior TV and movies any incongruous displays of wealth had an explanation , however cliched .
lived off the kindness of Higgins .
Rachel onhas rich parents .
But with rare exceptions , the characters in the new crop of 20 something TV have access to material goods way outside their pay range , but they are made so ordinary you never think to question it .
We know very well how Pamela Anderson affords it .
But it 's made axiomatic that CJ can .
You are so busy wrestling with the sexuality of the show that you do n't realize that a certain material lifestyle is being made normal .
III .
Pretend one of the shows was about interracial dating .
Say , Guido gets upset that CJ could be with a Black Man whom he assumes is a thug because he listens to rap .
Following a standard script , Guido gets into trouble and is saved by The Black Man , and so learns that " it 's the person inside that counts " and thus there is nothing wrong with interracial dating .
Ok -- let 's say you disagree .
Let 's say you 're willing to accept that not all black people are criminals , but you still have some serious reservations about letting your daughter date white guys ( see ? ) " Oh , " you think , " they 're pushing a liberal agenda . "
You assume that Hollywood is liberal .
Maybe -- but what 's more important is that you justthat theis that there is nothing wrong with interracial dating .
The show said :
If you disagree with this position , it 's up to you to explain why -- not up to them to defend it .
Well , that 's what the show does to leather sofas .
It makes having a big TV or new shoes the obvious and default .
You can protect yourself from the emotional damage of not looking like Pamela Anderson because you know she 's " impossible . "
But you have no defense against new shoes because they 're ordinary .
You 've incorporated a certain level of materialism into your identity and you can't ever shake it .
will end up selling more clothes than breast implants .
IV .
Let 's close our eyes and imagine , as I do frequently , peeling off CJ 's red lycra one - piece .
I like to stand behind her when I do it .
What do you see that 's impossible ?
Oh , the lack of tan lines .
It seems like a trivial point , but it 's not .
No matter what enhancements you do to your body , after days and days on the beach tan lines are inevitable .
So either she goes to a tanning studio as well , or her existence is impossible .
Pamela Anderson with no tan lines makes sense , and so you being different is explainable .
But when CJ does n't have them , then you 're not going to have them either .
It 's wrong to look at thewomen as pornography , especially during a time when actual pornography is becoming so easy to acquire .
The real pornography is the surrounding materialism , the casual display of impossible lifestyles and unattainable goods as if they are ordinary commodities .
After ten hours of porn , a breast flash does n't seem like a big deal .
After ten hours of , leasing a car does n't , either .
In twenty years , Pamela Anderson probably wo n't look like she does now , but she 'll still have her money .
But what 's going to happen to the 20 somethings who expect a certain basic level ofis popular all over the world , so this wo n't be limited to Americans .
What 's coming is a worldwide generation of future 40 year olds who will not be able to afford what they are now being conditioned to expect .
Right now the solution is easy -- debt .
Because that 's what everyone does to afford what they assume is basic standard of living -- e.g. cable TV .
Besides , the 20 somethings always have the future -- the promise of a better job , more money .
I would n't be surprised if in ten years it will be completely normal to be two or three annual salaries in debt .
The debts will come due , and they will come due the moment the 40 somethings realize that this is the most they will ever make ; that they can't take on more debt ; they can't live the lifestyle that they thought wasI 'm prepared to deal with the awesome social consequences of a generation of women with breast implants .
But how can I , or anyone , live in a world where it isthat you live well outside your means ?----
" Could Sid have sex outside of his marriage with me ?
Yes .
That 's not a deal - breaker , " she says .
" That 's not something that would make us say , ' Pack your things and let 's end the marriage . ' "
And she says she would n't call it quits even if he had numerous flings .
" What if it 's 20 times ? " she asks .
" So what ?
We 've been best friends for over 25 years , and we truly know who we are .
Oftentimes , people get into marriages and they do n't know who they 're laying next to .
I 'm very comfortable and secure with my husband . "
... She and her husband , Sidney Hicks , have what she calls an open marriage .
" We have an agreement that we 'll always be honest , " Mo'Nique said of the year - old marriage .
" And if sex happens with another person , that 's not a deal breaker for us , that 's not something where we 'll say , ' Oh my God , we 've got to go to divorce court , and you cheated on me . '
Because we do n't cheat . "
" When I said I had an open marriage , people automatically jumped to sex .
They automatically went there , " she says .
" But I 've been best friends with my husband since we were 14 years old .
When we say open , we 're very honest .
There are no secrets .
Oftentimes you have people that are married , but they 're strangers , and we refuse to be those people . "
Mo'Nique admits , though , that her and Sidney 's definition of an open marriage does include sex with other people .
" It 's not a deal breaker ... we 're very real people and we understand what 's for us .
It does n't work for everybody , " she says .
" I 've had to sneak and I 've had to lie , and I do n't want to do that any more . "
Earlier this evening the rising black actress Mo'Nique , who has lately been sweeping up film awards , won the Academy Award for best supporting actress , with her husband Sidney Hicks by her side .
( Video of her speech . )
Fearlessness and outspokenness have been keys to her success , and these qualities extend to talking about her personal life .
A week earlier she made news discussing her open marriage on a Barbara Walters Special : ( Quoted from a brief article inmagazine , March 4 , 2010 . ) This news was n't new .
She said much the same to thefor an article published August 5 , 2007 :
And she elaborated on that a few months later on The Oprah Winfrey Show for January 28 , 2008 : She began her own talk show on BET last October .
Earlier she filled in several times for Michael Baisden on his black - oriented talk show .
Baisden is very friendly toward polyamory and has brought Loving More director Robyn Trask onto his radio show many times .
In Dallas / Fort Worth , this news prompted KDAF - TV 33 to do a 2½ - minute report about open marriage , centering on an interview withauthor Jenny Block , who lives in Dallas .
See transcript and video ( March 8 , 2010 ) .
Labels : celebrities , open marriage , polys of color
British press calls for election debate on budget cuts
By Alex Lantier
28 April 2010
With the May 6 British general election approaching , press commentators have identified the massive budget cuts the next government must implement .
The opinion of these commentators is that the current election debate has not done nearly enough to frighten the public into accepting cuts .
Writing in the Guardian , John Lanchester calls for an end to “ guff about change and fairness , ” adding , “ None of the parties is anywhere near the necessary volume of bad news or level of detail about what ’s going to be cut . ”
The Financial Times notes that the cuts so far identified by the Conservatives , Liberal Democrats and Labour — ranging from £ 7 to £ 10 billion and slated to come largely from painful reductions in public sector wages , pensions , and welfare programs — will still do little to reduce a budget deficit that currently stands at £ 163 billion .
It gave a proposed break - down of a potential £ 37.4 billion in cuts , hoping to “ stimulate the debate that is missing from the election campaign . ”
The Financial Times declared , “ The next government will have to cut public sector pay , freeze benefits , slash jobs , abolish a range of welfare entitlements and take the axe to programmes such as school building and road maintenance . ”
It added that such plans were already being developed , behind the backs of the public : “ Packages of measures such as these are already under consideration in the Treasury and will be needed if further big tax rises are to be avoided . ”
Its April 26 editorial noted that the election campaign had been “ economical with the truth . ”
Such comments underscore the fraudulent character of the British election .
An angry electorate faces three big business parties of social austerity and war , each misleading the public about the policies they would pursue once in office .
What one sees on the surface is three well - oiled media machines , marketing candidates that are airbrushed until pleasantly bland .
The worried press commentators are unanimous in insisting that there is no alternative to social cuts , such as tax increases on the wealthy .
They all support and take for granted the dictatorship of the banks .
Citing the British government ’s need to borrow money by selling bonds , Lanchester writes , “ The most powerful force in UK domestic policy are not politicians , but the international bond markets . ”
He adds that if “ the bond markets were to lose confidence in Britain ” because a government refused to carry out cuts , they would “ start to demand a higher rate of return on the money they ’re lending . ”
Lanchester forecasts that this would make it impossible to finance the British government ’s debt , requiring a bailout funded by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and capitulation to massive cuts demanded by it .
He adds , “ These cuts are going to happen .
They will be the most severe that modern Britain has experienced . ”
It should be noted that Lanchester ’s scenario has already come to pass for debt - stricken Greece .
As bond markets drove up interest rates on the Greek government ’s bonds in the early months of this year , Athens sued for a bailout from the IMF and the eurozone countries .
While the bailout terms for Greece has not yet been disclosed , one gets an idea of the IMF ’s methods from its bailout package for Latvia last year .
It included 45 percent wage cuts in the public sector , and 5 to 30 percent wage cuts in the private sector .
Lanchester ’s explanation omits one highly significant point :
Who exactly are these “ international bond markets ” that dictate political life and are preparing to ruin the public ?
The major international banks that arrange the sale of government bonds are those that received hundreds of billions in public funds from taxpayers in Britain , the United States , and throughout Europe — and who have become the target of widespread public hostility .
Budget deficits are , to a significant extent , the product of these bailouts , which the banks aim to extort once again from the working class — this time through a catastrophic collapse of its living standards .
The articles in the Guardian and the Financial Times are motivated primarily by the expectations of a coming revolt by workers against the next government , as it rapidly moves to carry out draconian cuts that were not discussed in the election campaign .
The Financial Times writes that in a FT / Harris poll , “ only half — including fewer than a third of public sector workers — agreed the public sector should be cut back ...
The apparent lack of a clear mandate explains the main parties ’ refusal to detail how they will tackle the deficit , beyond giving a few , relatively small - scale , examples of proposed cuts . ”
In maintaining this politically criminal silence on the coming cuts , the ruling class has relied on the trade unions and their supporters in the middle - class ex-left .
The Financial Times notes that leading parties are “ wary of appearing to gear up for a confrontation , ” quoting Conservative Party leader David Cameron as calling for a “ more consensual ” approach .
For their part , trade union officials are indicating their intention to collaborate with the banks and mount no serious opposition .
Dave Prentis , head of the Unison public - sector union , said , “ It is unlikely that we would take national industrial action over jobs , but we would keep it to where employers at a local level refuse to do deals with us . ”
He added that strikes were a “ last resort . ”
Even though figures of 500,000 job cuts in the public sector are circulating among top state officials , Prentis held out the hope that the isolated actions he is proposing could limit job losses to “ less than 100,000 . ”
Such lies aim only to disarm the working class .
In the Guardian , Lanchester writes , “ The huge risk here is simple : it is that the winner of the election will have no real mandate to govern .
...
How will the sweeping job losses and trashed public services go down with an electorate that did n’t vote for them ?
It ’s difficult to imagine a better recipe for mass social unrest .
The new government will go direct from the honeymoon period to the poll - tax riots . ”
Such comments paint a stark portrait of the political situation that will emerge after the election , as a government without a mandate , acting on behalf of a discredited banking system , demands unprecedented cuts from a restive population whose objective interests require socialist policies — the expropriation of the banks , and production for the social needs of the population .
Google appears to have switched on a feature in its geographical search product Google Maps which generates a partial 3D view of sections of Melbourne ’s central business district .
The feature does not allow users to pan around the buildings , but does give a rough idea of how high each building is relative to those next to it .
The buildings are somewhat transparent , meaning their addition does not block the user from seeing details around them .
A Google spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the new addition to Google Maps , but the search giant ’s Australian Twitter account revealed the feature this morning , saying : “ Take another look at Melbourne on Google Maps : you do n’t even need 3D glasses ” .
A number of cities globally — especially in the US , but also Tokyo , for example — received the extra 3D feature three years ago in 2007 , but none of Australia ’s other major cities have the 3D buildings option turned on yet , apart from Mebourne .
Image credit : Google Maps / Delimiter
Mercedes is hoping to have a fully working system for Barcelona © Getty Images Enlarge Related Links Drivers :
Fernando Alonso
|
Ross Brawn Teams :
Alfa Romeo
|
Ferrari
|
Mercedes
|
Williams
Mercedes and Ferrari are working hard to get fully working F - duct systems on their cars in time for the Spanish Grand Prix .
Mercedes introduced an initial " passive " version of the drag - reducing device in China , as efforts to fully emulate McLaren 's innovative system continue at the factory .
Unlike McLaren 's system , Mercedes ' Shanghai F - duct was not operated by the driver , with air instead being cleverly ' flicked ' at increasingly higher speeds through a slot in the rear wing .
" We 're still working on the proper system which we 're having in Barcelona or Istanbul , there 's no point in having it in Monaco , " said team principal Ross Brawn .
" It is complicated to get to work properly . "
It is a similar story at Ferrari , where only some parts of a full F - duct system appeared on the F10 car in Shanghai .
" We are working on the F - duct and more progress could be made for Barcelona , although that 's not confirmed yet , " Fernando Alonso told Spain 's Marca .
" It is not an easy system , but I know the team is working hard to make it available as soon as possible . "
Meanwhile , Germany 's Auto Motor und Sport reports that a further development of Sauber 's China - specification F - duct will be debuted on the C29 in Spain next weekend .
Williams also had problems with its initial F - duct in Shanghai , and technical director Sam Michael is not expecting a quick fix .
" I expect it will take us a couple of months to get it working properly , " Michael said .
Advertisements
Paranoia Runs Amok as Fox News Claims that President Obama Controls the Media
Paranoia is black coffee to the right wing , and Fox and Friends provided their viewers their daily dose by claiming that President Barack Obama controls the media .
Host Steve Doocy said , “ The funny thing normally it ’s the Barack Obama White House ( who ) controls the media with the media ’s full consent . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Fox reports that the WH “ stopped press from covering story – reporters were forced out of Lafayette Park , ” Doocy continues , “ It just said , ‘ you gotta go . ’
Was it censorship or was it a police issue ?
You be the judge . ”
Yes , let ’s see .
You be the judge .
The good puppets at Fox and Friends told you that Obama runs the media , but provided no proof of it .
They then told you the media is complicit in allowing Obama to run it .
They then show Lafayette Park police , with a lower third crawler running the announcement that “ WH stopped press from covering story ” .
Then they say , “ Censorship or police issue , you decide . ”
Yes , by all means , you decide , now that Fox has lit the disingenuous news runway showing you just where to land .
Cue the tin foil hats and the rage .
In reality , Fox News is owned by News Corp , which is the second largest media conglomerate in the world , behind Disney .
According to the Government Accountability Office , News Corp has 152 subsidiaries in low or no tax countries , one of only four companies to have more than 100 .
A company of this size has a vested interest in politics , as they are impacted by tax policies , regulation policies and party platforms in general .
The fact that Fox has been busted as a PR arm of the Republican party is only reinforced when you realize just how much News Corp has on the line .
Of course Rupert would be pro-Republican platform : deregulation ( e.g. , The FCC voted in 2007 to eliminate some media ownership rules which benefits congloms like News Corp ) , lower taxes for the rich and corporations , corporations allowed to move to tax - free countries , etc .
Rupert has a vested financial interest in getting people in America to vote Republican .
In fact , according to Media Matters , Fox News hosts and contributors continue to raise money for Republican candidates and causes using political action committees , 527 and 501 ( c ) 4 organizations .
It ’s interesting that Fox never feels itself ethically compelled to reveal its media holdings or political activism .
Furthermore , the park was shut down after a demonstration involving gay service men who had chained themselves to the White House fence in protest against the “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy . , a fact which other news outlets had no problem identifying .
Video here :
Hey , you know , it ’s possible that there were security risks involved in having people chained to the WH fence during a time of rampant right - wing craziness involving our President , who receives more death threats than any other President .
I also believe Obama was a little busy yesterday because he was actually in California .
He returned to the WH yesterday at 4:20 PM from Los Angeles .
Clearly , Obama did n’t make this call ; it was made by law officials .
I ’m just sayin’ .
As for the evil media being controlled by Obama ( whom we all know is a leftist Socialist ) , entertainment congoms like Disney , News Corp , Viacom , and Time Warner do n’t exactly scream socialism .
That leaves me wondering if Obama is controlling them , why he does n’t start promoting his own agenda ?
But even if you are an epically misinformed Fox Viewer , and therefore unaware of Fox ’s media conglom status , does it not occur to you to question the logic of Fox ’s premise : If Obama owns Fox , why would he let them run this story ?
Oh , god .
The logic failure –- it hurts .
By all means , let ’s not allow reality to get in the way of rampant paranoia , er , profits .
First three ISPs announced for the state ’s high - speed broadband network .
iiNet , Internode and iPrimus will be the first ISPs to sell services on Tasmania ’s national broadband network ( NBN ) fibre link .
The news comes as NBN Tasmania , the subsidiary of NBN
Co responsible for the network rollout in the state , opens a Stage 1 proof - of - concept test centre at Aurora Energy ’s Mornington building .
The facility was opened by Broadband Minister , Senator Stephen Conroy , and lets ISPs test out their network set up before implementing it to active customers .
Broadband services on the fibre link are expected to be available in July .
“ We ’re across what ’s happening with the service rollout and everything is reasonably well on track , ” Internode carrier affairs manager , John Lindsay , said .
The ISP has been selling fibre - to - the - home ( FTTH ) products to Greenfield properties for quite some time and has no doubt the service will work just as well in developed sites .
But Internode said the facility will aid to educate the public on the benefits of fibre .
" NBN Tasmania is starting to rollout to brownfield [ developed residential ] areas .
ISPs involved will start to approach customers in those areas to try and convince them of the benefits of FTTH , ” Lindsay said .
“ The general public is not nearly as technically sophisticated as we are and we sometime have a tendancy to assume everyone will accept that everything just works .
“ A test centre like this provides an opportunity for the public , media and industry to come together in one place to demonstrate how the technology works . ”
Internode also has a small customer connection department within the testing facility , which can provide training to technical staff for dealing with customer installations .
The ISP will offer existing FTTH products on Tasmania ’s NBN .
Prices start at $ 49.95 per month for 5 GB of quota .
Internode also supports 100 M bps services geared towards business users starting from $ 99.99 per month .
iiNet also has similar plans to use the same pricing it has used for fibre services offered in other parts of Australia .
But iiNet chief regulatory officer , Steve Dalby , said final pricing will not be announced until a commercial contract is signed .
“ We ’re still in negotiations with NBN Tasmania for the commercial agreement and we ’re plugging away with that , ” Dalby , said .
“ Our expectation iis we will offer the exact same plans we do for existing fibre services in other parts of Australia , including at Point Cook , Victoria . ”
iiNet fibre prices start at $ 49.95 per month for 5GB on - peak with 25 M bps download speeds .
Primus Telecom was unavailable for comment at the time of publication .
Your visit of www.worldoflordcraft.com has been redirected to this webpage .
As a result of legal actions taken by Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. , www.worldoflordcraft.com has ceased offering the " WORLD OF LORDCRAFT " game .
Blizzard Entertainment has invested a great deal of time , creativity , energy , and resources in building the Warcraft® and World of Warcraft® game series into famous , world - class franchises that have achieved popularity with gamers around the globe .
As a company whose existence depends on the creative content it produces , Blizzard has always taken measures to protect its intellectual property rights around the world , and will continue to take action -- including legal action , when necessary -- against those who infringe upon those rights .
If you wish to learn more about Blizzard and its products , please visit Blizzard ’s official website www.blizzard.com/
TORONTO , Canada —
It ’s never pleasant living in a city where major sports teams always lose .
Better a losing team , however , than no team at all .
In hockey , the last time the Toronto Maple Leafs won the Stanley Cup , as every school child here knows , was 1967 .
In basketball , the Toronto Raptors entered the NBA in 1995 , but have only once reached the semifinals .
There ’s plenty of passion around Toronto FC , which has played to sell - out crowds since joining Major League Soccer in 2006 .
But the team has never won more than 36 percent of its regular season games .
In fact , the last time Toronto sports fans celebrated a major victory was in 2004 , when the Toronto Argonauts won the Grey Cup of Canadian football .
But the biggest worry these days is with the once - glorious Toronto Blue Jays , who twice became World Series Champions , in 1992 and 1993 .
Back then , crowds of 50,000 for a baseball game were routine .
But a long and steady decline has turned that torrent of support into an embarrassing trickle .
Last week , after a sell - out crowd of more than 46,000 cheered the Jays on opening day , turnout plummeted to 10,314 for a game against the Kansas City Royals — the lowest since the club moved to their downtown Rogers Centre stadium in 1990 .
Yet the team has been playing winning , even exciting , baseball .
Turnout for their first 10 home games of the season was more than 40,000 lower than the first 10 last year .
The betting is that the team wo n’t attract the 1.87 million fans it did last year .
In their heyday , the Jays reached a season high of 4 million fans .
A handful of other major league teams have been struggling with low attendance early in the season , including the Baltimore Orioles , who drew 9,129 people for a game last week , the smallest crowd in the 19 - year history of Camden Yards .
For the Jays , who have been losing money for at least the last two years , there is no comfort in misery .
A number of excuses for the low turnout have been circulating : sports fans are watching the hockey playoffs , the team is rebuilding , star pitcher Roy Halladay was traded , visiting teams are lackluster , kids are in school and the weather is n’t warm enough .
But that has n’t stopped diehard fans from fearing for the team ’s future .
The death of the Montreal Expos , who moved to Washington in 2004 , is on everyone ’s minds .
The Blue Jays are the only major league baseball team Canada has left .
“ If we ever lose this franchise , the people of Toronto are to blame — not the team , the people , ” said season - ticket holder John Morris , 69 , sitting on the third base side of home plate during a game against the Royals last week .
The stadium was a sea of blue empty seats .
Before the start of an afternoon game , Marcel the scalper explained the realities of supply and demand .
At the Blue Jays ’ home opener April 12 , when a capacity crowd jammed the Rogers Centre , he was selling $ 14 nosebleed tickets for $ 100 each .
Ten home games later , with fans as rare as a Jays .300 hitter , he struggled to unload tickets for almost half their price .
“ Upper levels , we ’re selling them for 10 bucks each , ” said Marcel , a stocky 30 - something doing his thing at the afternoon game Wednesday .
“ Behind the plate we ’re selling them for , like , 40 or 50 bucks instead of $ 75 . ”
He has n’t seen it this bad in his 10 - year career .
“ I ’m going home with blocks of tickets I ca n’t sell — 20 tickets , 40 tickets , ” he said .
“ It ’s supply and demand , ” he added .
“ We make all our money on the first day and then the rest of the year we ’re starving . ”
“ The brain trust here have got to figure out what they ’re doing . ”
Not many on the demand side will pity Marcel .
But he could take comfort in the fact that the “ brain trust ” feels his pain .
“ When the scalpers do n’t make money , then you know you ’ve got a problem , ” said Paul Beeston , president and CEO of the Blue Jays .
Beeston , 64 , headed the team back in the glory days , before he became president of Major League Baseball in New York .
He came back in 2008 .
In his office , with his feet up on the desk , an unlit cigar in his mouth and a view of Lake Ontario , the irrepressible Beeston vows to recreate the magic of the early 1990s .
His plan for success is obvious :
Put a winning team on the field .
That will take good scouting , developing players fans can identify with , and then buying top free agents to fill in the gaps .
He says the owner — Rogers Communications , which also owns the stadium and the profitable Rogers Sportsnet cable TV channel — are willing to give it time .
“ It ’s going to require a little patience , ” said Beeston , who wo n’t say for how long .
“ But at the very end of it you ’re going to be in a position where you could sit back and say you watched this team grow . ”
Still , even he confesses to moments of sacrilegious doubt —
“ Is baseball dead in Toronto ?
I do n’t know if baseball ’s dead in Toronto . ”
Updated to correct terminology
( San Francisco ) - The US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) should end immediately the indefinite detention of two immigrants with mental disabilities held for over four years , Human Rights Watch said today .
Lawsuits were filed today on behalf of the two men with US federal district courts in California .
The lawsuits allege that the two men , Jose Antonio Franco , 29 , and Guillermo Gomez - Sanchez , 48 , have been held for more than four years in immigration detention in violation of the right to freedom from indefinite detention and the right to a fair hearing to contest the basis for their detention .
Gomez - Sanchez is a legal permanent resident , and Franco is the son of two legal permanent residents .
Franco , who has an intellectual disability , does not know his own age and cannot tell time .
Gomez - Sanchez has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia .
The two have been transferred by ICE among various facilities without the opportunity to present their claims against deportation because the agency lacks fair policies on how to handle such cases .
" A person who can not tell time is unlikely to recognize that he 's spent four years of his life in detention , " said Sarah Mehta , Aryeh Neier fellow with Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , which filed the suits .
" The courts need to intervene in cases like these to keep people from getting lost in the labyrinth of immigration detention . "
Franco has never received a bond hearing to determine whether he can be released to the care of his family , who are lawfully residing in the United States .
Gomez - Sanchez did receive such a hearing , but the government appealed the judge 's decision to release him on bond .
Neither man has been able to proceed to the final deportation hearing phase , where their status in the US would be finally resolved .
The absence of safeguards and procedures has resulted in prolonged indefinite detention and denied both men a fair hearing , said the men's lawyers , who are with California affiliates of the ACLU , the Public Counsel Law Center in Los Angeles , and the Casa Cornelia Law Center in San Diego .
The lawsuits were filed in the districts where Franco and Gomez - Sanchez are currently held in detention facilities ; Franco 's case was filed in federal court in the Central District of California and Gomez - Sanchez 's case was filed in the Southern District of California .
Mehta , who has been investigating ICE 's treatment of persons with mental disabilities for the past eight months , has found that these two cases , while extreme , are not unique .
Immigrants , including those legally in the United States , are routinely detained when ICE alleges that they are subject to deportation after they have completed serving sentences for crimes .
They remain in detention during the deportation hearings .
However , the detention becomes unduly prolonged when the immigrants have mental disabilities , are unable to advocate for themselves , and hearings cannot or should not justifiably proceed .
ICE has failed to develop fair policies and procedures for handling such cases .
A Human Rights
Watch report on the issue , to be published in late 2010 , will raise profound concerns about the absence of established procedures for release from immigration detention and procedures in immigration court for handling cases when a person is deemed incompetent due to a mental disability .
Detention combined with the lack of courtroom procedures for persons with mental disabilities result in violations of the right to fair proceedings and the right to be free from arbitrary detention under international human rights law .
" Immigrants with mental disabilities currently appear in immigration court without the right to counsel or any special accommodations for their inability to comprehend their situation , " Mehta said .
" ICE needs to enforce immigration law - that is its job - but it needs to ensure basic fairness for people who are clearly disadvantaged , and sometimes even lost , in the system . "
In my first of this pair of articles , I laid out some of the qualities I 've been looking for in a parsing library .
Before I dive back into detail , I want to show off some numbers .
The new Attoparsec code is fast .
What did I benchmark ?
I captured some real HTTP GET requests from a live public web server , averaging 431 bytes per request .
I chucked them into a file , and measured the time needed to parse the entire contents of the file with the following libraries :
Ryan Dahl 's http - parser library , which is 1,672 lines of hand - rolled C craziness .
I mean " craziness " in a special sort of awed way , with that hushed voice you reserve for the guy who builds the scale model of Neuschwanstein Castle in matchsticks .
The library 's heritage is closely based on the Ragel - generated parser used by Mongrel .
This library is a fair approximation to about as fast as you can get , since it 's been tuned for just one purpose .
I wrote a smallish , but reasonably realistic , driver program to wire it up to file - based data , adding another 210 lines of code .
An Attoparsec - based HTTP request parser , 54 lines long , with about 30 lines of driver program .
( Attoparsec itself is about 900 lines of code . )
Several Parsec - 3 - based parsers , which are almost identical in length to the Attoparsec - based version .
The Parsec 3 parsers come in three varieties :
The fastest uses a patch that Antoine Latter wrote to switch Parsec 3's internal machinery over to using continuation passing style ( CPS ) .
This parser uses ByteString for input , and reads the entire 18.8 MB file in one chunk .
Next is the same parser , using lazy ByteString I/O to read the file in 64KB chunks .
This costs about 40 % in performance , but is almost mandatory to maintain a reasonable memory footprint on large inputs .
In last place is the official version of Parsec 3 , reading the input in one chunk .
( Reading lazily still costs an additional 40 % , but I did n't want to further clutter the chart with more big numbers . )
What 's interesting to me is that the tiny Attoparsec - based parser , which is more or less a transliteration of the relevant parts of RFC 2616 , is so fast .
I went back and remeasured performance of the Attoparsec and C parsers on a larger data set ( 295,568 URLs ) , and got these numbers :
Attoparsec : 2.889 seconds , or 102,308 requests / second
C : 1.614 seconds , or 183,128 requests / second
That clocks the Attoparsec - based parser at about 56 % the speed of the C parser .
Not bad , given that it 's about 3.2 % the number of lines of code !
Of course there are tradeoffs involved here .
Parsec 3 emits much more friendly error messages , and can handle many different input types .
Attoparsec , being aimed at plumbing - oriented network protocols , considers friendly error messages to not be worth the effort , and is specialised to the arrays of bytes you get straight off the network .
Parsec 3 requires all of its input to be available when the parser is run ( either in one large chunk or via lazy I/O ) .
If Attoparsec has insufficient data to return a complete result , it hands back a continuation that you provide extra data to .
This eliminates the need for lazy I/O and any additional buffering , and makes for a beautiful , pure API that does n't care what its input source is .
The memory footprint of the Attoparsec - based parser is small : it will run in 568 KB of heap on my 64 - bit laptop .
The smallest heap size that the Parsec 3 parser can survive in is n't all that much larger : with lazily read input , it will run in a 750 KB heap .
Far be it from me to give Republicans political advice but this clamor to “ Repeal It ! ” while Barack Obama is still in office and would have to sign any bill repealing the freshly signed health insurance reform seems a little … uhhh … dumb ?
But hey , guys , knock yourselves out , right ?
And that ’s just what the GOPosaurs in my district of MI - 01 are doing .
Both super - conservative Tim Walberg and super - duper conservative Brian Rooney have both signed the “ Repeal It ! ” pledge sponsored by the Club for Growth .
But yesterday , this political grandstanding met the bitter , harsh reality of our nation ’s health insurance crisis , a crisis the new law hopes to alleviate in part , on the pages of the Jackson Citizen Patriot ‘s website .
On the page reporting Walberg ’s and Rooney ’s signing of the silly , toothless pledge is a link to a related story .
The story is of a 19 - year old young man , one of nine kids in his family , who has cancer .
His family has no health insurance .
Click image for larger version
Here ’s a blurb from the first article :
Two Republican candidates who want to unseat U.S. Rep. Mark Schauer have pledged to work to repeal the health care reform bill President Obama signed today .
The conservative group Club for Growth has created a Web site … where lawmakers , candidates and citizens can join the campaign to get rid of the law they find too expensive and intrusive …
As of this morning , more than 50 lawmakers and close to 200 candidates have signed the pledge , as well as more than 13,000 citizens .
The candidate pledge reads : “ I hereby pledge to the people of my district / state upon my election to the U.S. House of Representatives / U.S. Senate , to sponsor and support legislation to repeal any federal health care takeover passed in 2010 , and replace it with real reforms that lower health care costs without growing government . ”
And here ’s a bit from the story of the pancake breakfast held to benefit the 19 - year old man from Michigan Center :
Both his mother and stepfather are facing financial difficulties and do not have insurance .
[ Jake Fagan ] first began experiencing pain in the fall of 2009 but did not notify his parents until months later .
By the time doctors examined the him , they discovered a large tumor had already spread into Fagan ’s abdomen .
Had he notified his parents earlier , the cancer might not have advanced so quickly . [ … ]
Moose Davis said his stepson has not let the cancer dampen his spirits .
“ He did n’t want to be treated any differently , ” Davis said .
“ I still joke around and give him a hard time sometimes . ”
Fagan is more than happy to have the jokes directed toward him .
“ It helps me keep my mind off ( the disease ) , ” he said .
As of Saturday ’s event , more than $ 4,000 had been raised .
“ I was hoping and praying we ’d get to two grand , ” Hitt said .
“ I ’m just ecstatic that we hit this . ”
It ’s going to take a lot of pancake breakfasts for Jake and his family to pay for his medical care .
Under the current system , he ’ll never get health insurance now , not with cancer .
So when Rooney and Walberg and all the other Republicans happily sign a pledge to “ Repeal It ! ” , that ’s what they are signing on to :
Restoring the ability of health insurers to reject customers with preexisting conditions
Taking away the high - risk pool that would help families like Jake ’s in the future
Taking away Jake ’s ability to stay on his parent ’s insurance ( if they manage to get some ) until he is 26
Restoring health insurance companies ’ ability to cut people off when they get sick or when they have reached some payment ceiling .
The list goes on and on .
So go ahead and stake your claim to that bit of hateful land , Tim and Brian .
When Representative Mark Schauer is running his campaign to retain his seat as the Democratic Congressman from MI - 07 , he ’ll be able to proudly point to his vote to start the process of fixing the system that makes families hold pancake breakfasts and bake sales just so that they can receive health care .
Let me know how that works out for you .
UPDATE : Oh , look .
The Senate Conservatives Fund PAC has their own Repeal It ! pledge site now .
Go get ’em , conservatives !
I ’m just sayin ’ …
===================
Brother , can ya spare a Digg ???
Thanks !
Greetings eavesdropping Fold !
If you could have a random science fiction character stay in your living room on your couch … who would you choose ?
- bman
VAST satellite cities could be built between Brisbane and the Gold Coast to ease the crippling population pressures threatening southeast Queensland , according to Logan Mayor Pam Parker .
Speaking on the Gold Coast at The Courier - Mail 's Our Future Your Say forum , Cr Parker said the areas around Logan and Ipswich , which still held large tracts of greenfill land otherwise rare in the southeast corner , would be perfect for taking the strain off the major cities to the north and south which are already battling housing affordability and land availability problems .
" These areas ( Logan and Ipswich ) have vast greenfill space which could house satellite cities where people could live , work and play , " she said .
" This would help to ease the gridlocked traffic on our freeways and pressures on our existing infrastructure . "
She said Logan and Ipswich – often been viewed as poor cousins of the Gold Coast and Brisbane – would appeal to new arrivals wanting the best of both worlds without having to shell out the higher costs for housing in both centres .
She also said Logan would be able to offer a lower density of housing which would be attractive to new residents wanting room to grow their families , instead of living in confined apartments in the cities .
The second forum in The Courier - Mail 's Our Future Your Say series , in partnership with Griffith University and the Brisbane Institute , drew about 60 people to Griffith University 's Parkwood campus last night .
The Bligh Government has called a special summit on population growth for later this month and appointed a panel of experts to advise it how to ensure the state 's lifestyle does not fall victim to urban sprawl .
Premier Anna Bligh has flagged a range of incentives for people who commit to living in regional Queensland and committed to drawing up a state migration plan .
Originally published as Push for satellite cities
( CNN ) --
The Celebrity Mercury cruise ship is returning to port a day early and delaying its next sailing to address an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness that sickened 350 passengers .
The outbreak is the third consecutive outbreak on the ship in a month .
" I have made this decision to end the current sailing early and delay the next sailing because we want to maintain our high health standards onboard our ships , while providing our guests with the best cruise experience possible , " Daniel Hanrahan , president and CEO of Celebrity Cruises , said in a statement .
" The extra time we are taking to sanitize the ship will help prevent any additional guests from becoming ill , " he said .
The cleaning will delay Mercury 's next sailing by two days .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention made a no-sail recommendation for the ship on Monday to investigate the recurring outbreaks .
" The CDC and the cruise line corporate staff have not yet determined why the controls that they were following have not been effective , " said CDC spokesman Ricardo Beato .
The CDC 's no-sail recommendation was for four full days .
Celebrity Cruises spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said the cruise line worked with the CDC on a sanitation plan " that was agreeable to both parties . "
Working closely with the CDC , cruise staff is performing enhanced cleaning on board the Mercury to help prevent the spread of illness .
The ship is scheduled to arrive Thursday morning in Charleston , South Carolina , where it will receive an extensive sanitation before sailing again , Celebrity Cruises said in a statement .
The cruise terminal also will be sanitized .
Members of the CDC's Vessel Sanitation Program , which works with the cruise industry to prevent and control gastrointestinal illnesses , are on the ship looking for causes of the latest wave of illness .
About 350 of the 1,829 passengers on board have been ill , according to Martinez .
Norovirus , which causes vomiting and diarrhea , was identified as the source of the first two outbreaks , according to Beato .
VSP personnel inspected the ship after the first outbreak in February , which sickened more than 20 percent of passengers , and made recommendations to prevent further outbreaks .
The ship 's next sailing was delayed by a day for a full cleaning .
Despite those measures , about 10 percent of passengers on the next sailing became ill with norovirus .
About 19 percent of passengers have become ill on the latest sailing , prompting Celebrity to skip a stop Monday in Tortola , British Virgin Islands , and return a day early .
Passengers have been compensated for the interrupted itinerary , Martinez said .
" Guests currently onboard Celebrity Mercury received an onboard credit in the amount of one day of the cruise fare paid for their sailing , as well as a future cruise certificate for 25 percent of the cruise fare paid , " she said in an e-mail .
Martinez said Celebrity customer service agents will be contacting passengers on the next sailing about an adjusted trip itinerary .
The ship is scheduled to board on Sunday .
The latest outbreak is the ninth incidence of gastrointestinal illness reported to the VSP this year affecting more than 2 percent of passengers on a cruise ship .
A high incidence of norovirus in many parts of the world this year is likely to translate to cruise ships , according to Capt .
Jaret Ames , branch chief of the VSP .
Conversation on the drinks turned yesterday to the subject of the atmosphere at grounds these days , and the fact that by and large it is the away fans who produce much of the atmosphere at Premier League games up and down the country .
It is a point that was proven by the exception to the rule last night .
Portsmouth once again kept up a magnificent vocal support for the club in crisis .
I suggested that the change in atmosphere in most grounds coincided with the arrival of all - seater stadia .
Indeed those with a long memory will recall Coventry City turning Highfield Road into the first terrace - free stadium in the country in the early eighties , only to rip the seats out of one end after a brief soul - less period ..
I was asked today , not for the first time , to explain to someone who was n’t around before the legislation that made all - seaters compulsory in 1994 just what it was like .
There is not one definitive answer .
The experience would be different for Saturday and midweek games .
Home and away games presented different opportunities and challenges .
‘ So tell me what the North Bank was like in the seventies then ’ , urged one at work today .
For the sake of brevity I described a typical Saturday in the early seventies .
From 1973 onwards the experience changed after West Ham made their first appearance ‘ en masse ’ in our spiritual home .
It ’s also a good era for me to describe because I was in my teens .
Sometimes I was potless so in the ground early , and sometimes with a bit of birthday money or some wages from a paper round or leaflet deliveries .
The Gunners was an essential starting point then , and they did n’t seem too concerned about the age of the punters in those days .
Everybody wore a Harrington jacket or a crombie overcoat , tonic or Sta - Prest trousers , brogues or loafers .
Scarf tied round the wrist was what identified ‘ them ’ and ‘ us ’ .
If you were in the North Bank early you could take up a prime position somewhere near the middle at the back .
Those who witness empty stadiums half an hour before kick - off today would be surprised how many would be getting in position an hour before the start in those days .
“ PEANUTS , FRESH ROASTED PEANUTS ” .
A fair haired and permanently suntanned fella would carry a sack of monkey nuts with him , and blooming tasty they were too for a tanner ( six old pence ) .
What I never worked out was how he managed to be in the Clock End whenever I was in there with my old man , and in the North Bank every time I was in there .
He was one fit bugger !
There was no piped music .
That was n’t the Arsenal way .
Instead the Metropolitan Police Band would be playing the classic marches , more often than not from their position in the front of the East Stand at the corner adjoining the Clock End .
You made your own entertainment in those days , so the chanting would start early .
Usually when the first of the bigger lads started arriving from the pubs around half past two .
If you had been lucky enough to get a couple of pints of fizzy beer in the Gunners , or maybe the Tavern , beforehand then you would be walking across the North Bank with the late arrivals trying to get a chant started yourself .
The players did n’t warm up on the pitch for very long in those days .
They would surface from the tunnel five minutes before kick - off , and we would sing a song for each one of them , cheering them loudly when they waved back in acknowledgement .
In those days the singing was by and large confined to the North Bank , although on some big cup occasions the lower tiers might join in with a straightforward Arsenal chant .
That would change when a proportion of the support decamped to the Clock End in the mid seventies , but prior to that the North Bank was a noisy and exciting place to spend an afternoon or evening .
At the very back the biggest lads and some of their female admirers would be engaged in dark arts best not shared on a family blog !
Providing the game was a good one then the barrage of songs would be kept up by the rest of us until half - time .
Rarely in those days did any opposing supporters get in , and the few that did so were soon swiftly evacuated .
If they were lucky the police got to them first .
The half - time break meant joining the crush for the curious green wooden shed on stilts at the back of the Bank .
A two pint plastic pot of Watneys Red and a pie or pastie was essential refreshment to prepare you for the second half , but you had to go shoulder to shoulder to get served , and did n’t dare show a sign of weakness , or you might be wearing someones beer rather than drinking it !
If the game continued to hold the imagination , and it usually did , then more singing would fill the second - half .
When Arsenal scored you would experience zero gravity , a journey scarier than any theme park ride .
Sometimes in the sway or tumble that followed a goal you would find yourself twenty or thirty yards away from where you had just been standing , and your feet would not have touched the ground along the way .
Brilliant , you would think to yourself as a teenager .
There comes an age where that changes to abject bloody terror !
Every now and then the game would n’t be a classic .
Well we were boring , boring Arsenal .
With no opposition fans to goad a fake rivalry , usually between North and South London , would be created by different groups at the back , and off it would kick .
It seemed innocent enough at the time .
I was born a North Londoner so would join those chasing them from south of the river around for a while , or indeed being chased by them .
A few kicks or slaps would be handed out , but it was all harmless , and the following week you would be standing side by side with those same blokes in the Shed , or the Park Lane , or somewhere more exotic , at an away game .
There is still a degree of that camaraderie even now at away games .
Most clubs stewards are no different to those at the Grove .
They have no real power of veto over the visiting fans , so if you want to stand and sing all game then get on with it .
Home supporters however can be browbeaten into conforming to the standards being dictated by the stewards .
The threat of ejection can be followed up with the removal of your membership .
It ’s a powerful method of control .
Every now and again though , the Grove rocks , and when it does it is a magical experience .
It has n’t happened that often yet , to be fair , but a title celebration in May would make a wonderful start to what hopefully will become a new era at the Grove , as the North Bank prepares to return along with the Clock End , and East and West Stands .
No , please , just let me dream for a moment .
The Ukrainian election and the demise of the “ Orange Revolution ”
3 March 2010
The crushing defeat of Viktor Yushchenko in Ukraine ’s presidential poll in January and the election of Viktor Yanukovich in the second round vote held February 7 mark the ignominious end of the 2004 “ Orange Revolution . ”
After five years of “ Orange ” rule , the majority of the people are worse off , while the oligarchic clans and politicians continue to go about their business with the same level of corruption and criminality as before .
The debacle for the Western - backed leaders who came to power in 2004 continued this week with the collapse of the coalition in the Ukrainian parliament led by Yulia Timoshenko , the current prime minister and former co-leader of the “ Orange Revolution . ”
A vote of no confidence is due to be held today , with Timoshenko almost certain to lose her post as prime minister .
Timoshenko has lost the support of more than the Ukrainian parliament , however .
She has lost , more importantly , the backing of Washington , which supported her during the “ Orange Revolution , ” as well as the European powers and Russia , which are focused on pressuring the new Yanukovich administration into imposing austerity measures in the country .
It is for this reason that the “ international community ” ignored Timoshenko ’s claims of fraud by Yanukovich in this year ’s election , forcing her to drop her legal challenge to the vote .
In 2004 , similar claims by Timoshenko and Yushchenko were championed by the US and the Western European powers to overturn the initial vote , officially won by Yanukovich , and force a new election in which the “ Orange ” leaders emerged victorious .
At that time , the US and the Western media hailed Yushchenko and Timoshenko as “ democrats ” at the head of a popular revolution .
This was a fraud .
Washington funded and helped organize the groups that led protests in Kiev against the alleged theft of the initial vote by Yanukovich , an ally of Russia , in order to install a pro-US regime that would open the country up to American capital and line up behind US moves to supplant Moscow in Russia ’s traditional spheres of influence .
Much of Russia ’s natural gas exports flow through Ukraine en route to Western Europe , and the Russian Navy ’s Black Sea Fleet is based in the Ukrainian port of Sevastopol .
Both Yushchenko and Timoshenko had held posts in the outgoing government of Leonid Kuchma .
They represented disaffected sections of Ukrainian oligarchs who wanted to oust their political and business rivals from power in order to further enrich themselves .
Yushchenko has been an integral part of post - Soviet Ukrainian politics , having been head of the country ’s central bank before being appointed prime minister in 1999 .
Yushchenko developed his “ democratic ” opposition to the Kuchma regime only after he fell out of favor and was deposed as prime minister in 2001 , to be replaced by Yanukovich .
Yanukovich is a long - time political agent of oligarchs from Ukraine ’s industrial Donetsk region .
His bid to take over from Kuchma in 2004 was backed by the Kremlin .
Timoshenko had a similar , but more lucrative , role in the post - Soviet orgy of self - enrichment .
She and her husband made a vast fortune from the export of natural gas during the 1990s .
Kuchma appointed her as Yushchenko ’s deputy prime minister in 1999 .
Losing office with Yushchenko , the pair established a tentative alliance , recasting themselves as opponents of Kuchma and Yanukovich .
Relying on anti-Russian demagogy and Ukrainian chauvinism to win support from more rural areas in the west of Ukraine , their campaigns in 2002 for parliament and Yushchenko ’s 2004 bid for the presidency also tapped into opposition , especially among young people , to official corruption .
The installation of Yushchenko and Timoshenko in Ukraine was one of a series of so - called “ color revolutions ” orchestrated by US imperialism .
Washington modeled its intervention in Ukraine on the previous year ’s palace coup in the former Soviet republic of Georgia , the so - called “ Rose Revolution . ”
As in Ukraine , the “ color revolution ” in Georgia has produced a despised , unstable and antidemocratic regime .
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili has used violent repression against his political opponents , launched a reckless and disastrous war against Russia , and is mired in corruption .
The liquidation of the USSR was the final betrayal of Stalinism , and its results have proven in the negative that the only basis for a progressive social , economic and democratic development lay in the gains of the Bolshevik revolution of 1917 and its extension on an international scale .
With the breakup of the USSR , Ukraine , Georgia and the other former Soviet republics have descended to the status of virtual economic colonies of one or more of the major powers .
The orange - and rose - themed coups in Ukraine and Georgia were episodes in Washington ’s attempt to reshape the former Soviet region in its interests .
However , reflecting the decline in the global position of American imperialism , and , in particular , its military quagmire in Afghanistan , Washington has had to limit its ambitions in the region for now .
The Obama administration has conceded to Moscow that it will not actively pursue the expansion of its main military alliance , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , to include Georgia and Ukraine , in exchange for Moscow ’s limited support for the US - led war in Afghanistan and plans for a new set of sanctions against Iran .
The major European powers , especially Germany , have welcomed the halt to NATO expansion , which they saw as too destabilizing to their relations to Russia .
They see Ukraine as a source of profits from its energy and metallurgical industries , to be shared , if necessary , with Moscow .
Reflecting this balance of forces , Yanukovich ’s first foreign visit was to leaders of the European Union in Brussels .
Only after that did he fly to Moscow for talks in the Kremlin .
Yanukovich ’s backers see Ukraine as a cheap labor platform for European capital .
The new president is prepared to deepen the attacks on the Ukrainian working class ’ living standards in order to meet the demands of the EU bureaucrats and international investors .
The claims of the Ukrainian and Western media that , whatever the failings of the Yushchenko administration , the lasting legacy of the “ Orange Revolution ” is a strengthening of democratic institutions are bogus .
To impose the dictates of the international banks on the Ukrainian working class , Yanukovich and whoever holds the post of prime minister will resort to ever more undemocratic methods of rule .
Niall Green
Niall Green
What a thumper !
Ralph the rabbit ' breaks mum 's record as world 's biggest bunny '
As the son of the world 's biggest bunny , it was always likely that Ralph the rabbit was going to be a big buck .
But he has well and truly proved a chip off the old block after breaking the record set by his mother Amy - weighing in at more than three stone .
Ralph , a continental giant rabbit , is just 12 months old but already weighs more than Amy did before her death in 2009 .
Ella McDonnell , 10 , with the Ralph the rabbit , which is believed to be the world 's largest bunny
Owner Pauline Grant relies on handouts from neighbours to feed Ralph - who weighs more than an average three - year - old child and has already become too heavy for her to lift .
' He is just so big .
You do not fully realise until you pick him up and he has quite the appetite , ' she said .
' It really hits us in the pocket having to feed him but thankfully Ralph is so famous in the area people stop me in supermarkets and offer to fit the bill . '
' I have no idea how big he is going to get , it could be a ridiculous size but everyone loves him and he laps up the attention . '
Pauline is waiting on Guinness World Records to confirm Ralph as the biggest rabbit in the world after they changed their rules on measuring animals for size .
Ralph 's dad Roberto is also a previous record holder for the world 's biggest rabbit after weighting in at 35lb and measuring 3ft 1inches .
TV medium Derek Acorah , star of ' Most Haunted ' , visited Mrs Grant at her home in Sussex , believing the rabbit was ' possessed . '
' We are pretty sure our house is haunted by something or other , so Ralph went up to London with friends of ours to meet Derek Acorah , ' Pauline said .
' They said it was pretty spooky and he had a good old chat with Ralph about the spirits in our house .
He seemed to think Ralph was channelling the spirit of a ghoul .
' It sounds like a load of old nonsense but Ralph is n't your average rabbit . '
“ My favourite thing I saw was a guy on the internet who said , ' Of course he 's gay – he's got a gay face , ' which I thought was kind of an odd thing to say anyway .
The William Paterson University Pioneers won their first Super East Collegiate Hockey League crown be defeating Montclair State University , 4 - 3 , at the Albany County Hockey Facility Sunday .
The Pioneers received goals from Craig Junda , John Gomez , Chris Moser , and the game - winner from Shaun McTigue .
Freshman goaltender Chris Bauer played a strong game in the final .
This is William Paterson ’s second year in the SECHL .
Before joining the league , the Pioneers played in the Mid-Atlantic College Hockey Association .
This was the third straight championship - game for the Pioneers .
Two years ago , the Pioneers lost to Wagner College for the MACHA title .
Last year , Siena College defeated WPU in the final .
With the win , the Pioneers extend their winning streak over rival Montclair State to 13 games .
The team will be involved in the American Hockey College Association national championship tournament , beginning March 17 .
They hold a number one seed in the tournament .
" You 're onto something .
In those first years , I 'd have the television on all night .
It affected my marriage .
I became suicidal .
I thought about the ways [ to kill myself ] .
But then , for some reason , I do n't really know , I stopped .
And I went in another direction .
I sought to …embrace it .
To go INTO it , to make that sound a part of my body , or perhaps to make my body part of that sound , do you see ?
In biblical times , in ancient scrolls , when there is mention of people , mad people , holy people , tuning in to the sounds of the planets , to the sounds of the UNIVERSE ITSELF , to angels , do you think they were talking about tinnitus ? "
This was the mysterious essence of Denny Crane , the way he seemed attuned to some cosmic frequency no one else could hear .
" This is where the ' Wha … ? ' came from ! "
Shatner says .
" There would have been no ' Wha… ? ' without the tinnitus . "
This is a trademark gesture of Crane 's that Shatner and I have discussed at length — his knack for greeting the frozen stares of others in response to something appalling he 's said or done with an incredulous open - palmed shrug and a half - breathed , half - spoken " Wha… ? "
" ' So I shoot a gun in the office ?
So I grab some dwarf 's ass ? ' " Shatner says .
" ' What is WRONG with you people that you fail to understand ? ' "
And then the phone rings .
It 's Conan O'Brien .
There 's an emergency .
Can Shatner come and do this afternoon 's taping ?
Sarah Palin delivered her resignation speech yesterday , and it was …madness .
A sublingual splatter .
Dangling participles to which dangling participles had attached themselves like barnacles .
Will Bill please , please , come onstage and , with a stand - up bassist and a bongo player behind him to frame the moment , deliver select portions of her speech as if it were the most profound stream - of - consciousness Beat poetry ever composed ?
Is grass green ?
Does the sun rise in the east ?
It 's beyond meta .
Transformed Man redivivus via the Priceline Negotiator .
It is , to borrow Shatner 's own word , insane .
This is precisely what David Kelley 's talking about .
The slam - cutting : death … suicide …supernatural voices in the head … onstage , asking a delirious Tonight Show audience in a low , sober voice , " ' The cold , though , does n't it split the Cheechakos from the Sourdoughs ? ' "
At The Tonight Show , Shatner does his piece and then abides in his private greenroom .
That night 's other guests , all ostensibly more A - list than Shatner , gather one by one to pay homage .
Such is the nature of SHATNER : first the members of the Fray , then Judd Apatow , then Meryl Streep .
She seems nervous .
She should be .
What are fifteen Oscar nominations in the face of SHATNER ?
" William !
Oh , William ! " she says .
Shatner , remaining seated , extends a hand , which she takes and kisses .
" William , you are brilliant . "
After a time , the no-name in the room requires an explanation .
" This is a gentleman from GQ magazine , " Shatner says .
" Andrew Corsello . "
Ludicrously , he places the accent on the first syllable .
" Cor -sell - oh , " I mumble .
Shatner does n't miss a beat .
Just turns his head in my general direction , though not his eyes , which stay with Streep .
" You say Cor - sell - oh , I say Cor - sell - oh , " he quips .
SHATNER !
After the lesser stars are gone , Shatner turns and says , " Did I tell you that I woke up thinking of you the other morning ?
I 've got an idea for an article for you !
I was up early , sitting outside having a cup of tea .
There were the greening mature trees , in the fullness of the flowering of the summer .
The trees were voluptuous , Andrew !
Swaying in this breeze .
And there were great birds wheeling overhead !
And the chimes , the wind chimes , were striking so beautifully , and everything was in rhythm .
And I began to think — are you ready ?
Bells !
Where do they come from ?
Whence their mystical role in human history ?
BELLS !
They vibrate , Andrew .
They vibrate , and the sound leaks out .
Into the infinite .
And I vibrate .
And the vibration of the bell goes through me .
BELLS !
WHERE DO THEY COME FROM ?
What is the meaning of them ? "
William Shatner then interrupts himself .
To scream .
" MY GOD ! "
The greenroom has a flat - screen television , and something there has caught his eye .
I look .
Monkeys .
Monkeys in cowboy hats .
And chaps .
With crops .
Riding Chihuahuas .
Chihuahuas outfitted with saddles .
They 're racing .
" MY GOD ! " Shatner exclaims again .
" IT IS MAGNIFICENT ! YES ! "
This is as large as Shatner gets .
Which by definition means as large as any man on the planet gets .
Or so I think .
Because at that moment one of the monkeys lifts a paw off its saddle and begins waving it triumphantly .
His competitors have tumbled off their saddles or strayed from their lanes , but he 's still going , and goddamit , he knows it .
" MY GOD , YES ! " yells William Shatner , finally at his apotheosis and embracing all that is before him .
" YES ! "
andrew corsello_ is a GQ correspondent ._
In my diplomatic career , I spent a great deal of time assessing the democratic merit of elections in various countries abroad .
That gives me a peculiar perspective in looking at elections in the UK , and wondering what a foreign observer would make of them .
I can do this also with the insight of having twice run as an independent parliamentary candidate .
Against international standards , British elections leave a great deal to be desired .
The first crucial failing is the lack of an independent administration of the elections .
In each constituency , the election is not run by the Electoral Commission , but by the local authority .
The national Electoral Commission has only an advisory role and cannot even monitor or instruct local returning officers .
The returning officer is almost always the chief executive officer of the local authority .
The problem is that , de facto , those chief executives are party - political appointments .
Particularly in the long - term New Labour rotten boroughs of the north , local government appointments are a New Labour nexus .
Bluntly put , the New Labour council of a northern town is almost never going to appoint a Tory chief executive .
In fact , the lines between council appointments and party appointments are often blurred .
Bill Taylor was Jack Straw 's agent and full - time organiser in Blackburn in 2005 .
His pay came as a youth organiser for a neighbouring New Labour - controlled council .
It would have been illegal for him to be thus employed by Blackburn itself and to campaign in the constituency .
Reciprocal agreements between New Labour councils to provide full - time party staff – at the council taxpayer 's expense – are not uncommon .
There was a time when honesty in public life was such that the party allegiance of a local authority and its staff would not affect confidence in its ability to conduct a free and fair election .
The parliamentary expenses scandal has killed the myth that our politics are honest and well motivated .
I do not accept local authority chief executives as genuinely independent returning officers .
I will continue to use Blackburn as an illustration , because I have an intimate knowledge , having stood there in 2005 .
An independent candidate standing against Jack Straw in the coming election , Bushra Irfan , has already been told by the local election office that she will not be able to exercise her right to place her own seals on the ballot boxes , as the hasp only has room for the council 's seals .
She has just erected an election banner on her own property .
Within hours , council officials arrived to dismantle it on the grounds that it did not have planning permission .
This ignores the fact that election advertising for a " pending election " is specifically exempted from need for planning permission .
But aside from that , one wonders whether other planning issues in Blackburn draw the same instant hit - squad response from the council ?
Postal voting is a further major area of concern – and again , that concern principally centres on the northern cities .
New Labour deliberately brought in a massive expansion in the use of postal voting , which was previously available only to the infirm or to those with other legitimate reason for not making it to the polling booth .
The polling booth is the vital question here .
Those bits of board that prevent anyone from seeing how you vote , are an essential element of the secret ballot .
New Labour has , in effect , deliberately removed it .
Any vote made at home is a vote that may be filled in under the coercive eye of an individual able to enter your home and intimidate you – something nobody can do in the polling booth .
I am not theorising .
Particularly among some patriarchal Asian communities , community leaders and heads of extended families can and do demand to see the postal ballot of those under their sway , before it is posted .
Belated " safeguards " , like having to sign the accompanying form , do nothing to stop this domestic intimidation .
It is widely recognised that one result of this postal ballot system has been the effective disenfranchisement of hundreds of thousands of Asian women .
Just as bad , it has also disenfranchised lower - status men in many Asian communities .
Again , I speak from experience , having listened to many first - hand accounts from intimidated people in Blackburn – and , in every case , the intimidation was to vote New Labour .
In the Blackburn constituency in 2005 , an incredible 12,000 postal ballots were cast : that represented 29 % of the vote , compared to a national average of under 13 % .
What does that suggest ?
But it is still more blatant than that .
You will find this next fact astonishing .
The regulations have been designed specifically to prevent the exposure of postal ballot fraud .
By law , the postal ballots have to be mixed undetectably with the polling booth ballots before they are counted .
Therefore , there is no way to prove if , as I suspect happened in Blackburn , a candidate received 25 % of secret ballots but 80 % of postal ballots .
It is this compulsory destruction of the voting evidence that convinces me that the motivation for extending the use of the postal ballot can only have been a self - serving act by the New Labour government .
But there is a still more fundamental point , which raises doubts about the democratic validity of Britain 's elections – and that is the question of whether a real choice is being presented to the voters .
International electoral monitoring bodies pay a great deal of attention to this .
For example , in December 's parliamentary elections in Uzbekistan , it was the lack of real choice between five official parties , all supporting President Karimov 's programme , on which the OSCE focused its criticism .
How different is the UK , really ?
For example , I want to see an immediate start to withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan ; I am increasingly sceptical of the EU ; and I do not want to see a replacement for the vastly expensive Trident nuclear missile system .
On each one of those major policy points , I am in agreement with at least 40 % of the UK population , but on none of those points is my view represented by any of the three major political parties .
And remember , only those three major political parties will be represented in the televised leaders ' debates that will play such a key part in the election .
Those debates will take place between three representatives of a professional political class whose ideological differences do not span a single colour of the wider political spectrum .
Voters in Wales and Scotland are luckier , but for most people , there is little really meaningful choice available .
The Lib Dems are the nearest most people have to a viable alternative .
At the last election under Charles Kennedy , they reflected public opinion in opposing the Iraq war , but under Nick Clegg they have become less radical than at any point in my lifetime .
The media limitation of debate to a narrow establishment consensus is not merely a problem at the national level .
When I was a candidate in both Norwich North and Blackburn , the BBC broadcast candidates ' debates , but on each occasion I was not allowed to take part – even though I was a candidate – because the BBC was terrified their audience might hear something interesting .
The Electoral Commission specifically recommends that all candidates be invited to take part in all hustings and candidates ' debates – but the Electoral Commission is a paper tiger with no powers of enforcement .
Censorship extends far beyond that .
A traditional feature of British elections is the electoral communication , under which each candidate can send out a copy of their electoral address , delivered to every voter free by Royal Mail .
Under another bit of Kafka - esque New Labour legislation , the Royal Mail now vets the content of every electoral address .
The text must be seen and approved by a central Post Office unit before the leaflet can be printed and prepared for delivery .
So much for freedom of speech .
The New Labour rationale for this is that the Royal Mail is checking the candidates ' election address does not fall foul of Britain 's notorious libel laws – the harshest and most restrictive of any western country .
It also has to be cleared for many other laws restricting free speech , many of them introduced by New Labour – for example , that it does not " glorify " terrorism , or incite racism or homophobia .
So , if a candidate were to say in their election address that they believe Tony Blair and Jack Straw are war criminals , or ( to take a topical example ) that Christian bed and breakfast owners ought to be allowed to refuse gay couples , then their election address would be locked by the Royal Mail .
This is crazy .
The Royal Mail delivers millions of letters every day .
Some of them doubtless contain libellous and even racist statements .
The Royal Mail does not open them all and check they are " legal " .
Actually , whisper that softly , we do n't want to give New Labour ideas .
Furthermore , in this case , it is not a court that decides if a statement is libellous , it is the Royal Mail .
This is censorship of candidates during an election and without any court injunction .
It says yet more about the cosy establishment clique that governs us that none of the major parties is up in arms about this .
Now , we come to the most fundamentally undemocratic aspect of British elections : the electoral system .
It delivers massively disproportionate results with minority parties virtually unrepresented in parliament .
At the last election , it delivered a good majority to an unpopular Tony Blair , even though New Labour received only 36 % of votes cast – which represented just 22 % of those entitled to vote .
But it does not favour the big parties evenly .
New Labour can get a working majority with 34 % of votes cast , while the Tories need 39 % .
If New Labour and the Tories both got 36 % , New Labour would probably have almost 50 more seats .
The Lib Dems could get 34 % , yet win under half the seats that New Labour would get with the same percentage .
On top of which , we will see the irony of politicians rejected by the electorate being given comfy , paying seats in the House of Lords .
So , there we have British elections today : an unfair electoral system , censorship of candidates ' electoral addresses , little real political choice for voters , widespread postal ballot - rigging and elections administered by partisan council officials in a corrupt political climate .
Do n't be surprised if New Labour do that little bit better , when the votes are counted , than you might expect .
As Joseph Stalin said , it is not who votes that counts , but who counts the votes .
So are British elections still free and fair ?
If this were a foreign election I was observing , I have no doubt that my answer would be no .
The Bomb for Beginners A DIY Guide to Going Nuclear
Building a nuclear weapon has never been easier .
NATO 's Michael Rühle provides step - by - step instructions for going nuclear , from discretely collecting material to minimizing the fallout when caught .
These simple steps have worked for the likes of Israel , Pakistan or North Korea , and your country could be next .
Back in high school , Kevin Brown , now 51 , had big hair - the kind of 1970s hair that had a mind of its own .
" Weird hair , " says his wife , Barbara Eddy Brown , now 52 .
In Fairfield County , Conn. , where they grew up , both ran with the chorus crowd .
As part of the Madrigals , they were committed musicians , but neither had eyes for each other .
After graduation , they went off on separate college trajectories .
But in 1999 both were on board for a Madrigals reunion weekend .
Kevin , then in wine sales and marketing , came in from New Hampshire , his big hair shorn .
Barbara , a music teacher living with her husband and son in Brooklyn , did n't even recognize him .
But when Kevin opened his mouth , she heard " the voice " - deep and resonant - and she smiled .
The two , then married to others , spent the weekend singing their hearts out together .
Inside they were secretly contemplating the state of those hearts .
Both were in unhappy marriages , and by the end of the weekend , their fondness for each other was obvious .
" There were sparks , " Kevin says , " but neither of us wanted to see them . "
During the next year , whenever Kevin was in New York for work , the two would get together for lunch .
There were even dinners with Barbara 's family .
But without talking about it , both were thinking the same thing :
Why am I not with the right person ?
Then one day they could n't stop it .
After a lunch , Barbara took Kevin 's hand just as he turned to kiss her .
" Do we really want to do this ? " Barbara asked .
They hesitated and retreated .
But the next get - together changed things forever .
" Intense , " says Barbara , who blushingly admits to making the first move .
For more than a year , they kept their secret while making plans to leave their marriages .
Each had one son ; they did n't want to hurt their children or their spouses .
Several times , Barbara , whose son was younger , backed off and tried to save her marriage .
But in May 2002 , Barbara remembers having a moment of clarity : " Everyone deserved to be happy . "
She found herself an apartment and soon called Kevin .
" It 's us , " she said .
Both divorced , and despite various complications , they say there is no animosity with their exes .
( Barbara 's is happily remarried . )
In 2004 , having started their own winery , R&B Cellars , they decided to move closer to where grapes are grown .
Their 1890s Alameda Victorian now serves as the company 's offices .
In 2005 they married , with their nearly grown sons serving as attendants .
" We gave each other 's son a ring , " says Barbara , explaining their ceremony .
" They are intensely important to us . "
Despite their busy lives as vintners , each day they make time to sing together , with Kevin on the grand piano .
Is n't life grand ?
SLUMS OF NEW YORK
( above and below ) Tenements on the Lower East Side of New York in the 1880s .
Photos by Jacob Riis .
Social housing , or what we in the United States call public housing , means government supported living spaces for those unable to pay free - market rates for them , and it is rooted in a humanistic idea of society .
There are particular human rights that are not merely the privilege of the well - off and the well - connected , but are the basic rights of all people , by virtue of their being human .
One of these is the right to a place within their community as secure as possible from harm .
The history of this idea goes back to human beginnings .
It seems , from what paleontologists have discovered about the remotest human ancestors , that a distinguishing characteristic of humans , as opposed to other animals , is their impulse to care for each another .
Most animal species isolate and abandon their wounded or weak members , leaving them as prey to predators who attack the weak first .
Excavated pre-historic human skeletons showing evidence of injuries or wounds also show evidence of attempts to treat them , with the obvious intent of restoring an injured person ’s faculties and capacities .
Compassion — the feeling of another ’s suffering as though it were one ’s own — is not a merely sentimental add - on to the human psyche , but rather a part of basic survival instinct .
Individuals survive only if their community survives , and the community survives only by the concerted effort of all its members .
This is another way of saying that I will do well only if you do well .
Some theorists have called this ‘ enlightened self - interest , ’ and it works on both practical and metaphysical levels .
As social creatures .
we need each other emotionally , and also to assemble the diverse skills needed to perform the complex tasks that are distinctly human , such as the making of science , art , commerce and trade , farming and industrial production .
If we are to succeed in these ventures , we must take care of our own .
Not the least part of this caring is the securing of a physical place for each person within the communal structure — the landscape of the city — - that enables all to live with the dignity we need and deserve .
Jacob Riis was a immigrant in New York City , in the latter part of the 19th century , whose distress over the desperate living conditions endured by the poor took a pro-active form .
Using the then - latest techniques , especially the invention of the ‘ flash ’ — he photographed for the first time the dark and squalid interiors of New York ’s tenements , exposing to a wide public an appalling degradation of human life .
The publication of these photos in newspapers and books in the 1890s , combined with a campaign of public lectures by him and a few colleagues , raised public consciousness of the inhumanity hidden from view at the heart of the prosperous city , and contributed eventually to the public housing movement , wherein the taxes paid by the well - off would support those struggling for survival at the outermost fringes of society .
The poor shown in Riis ’ photographs are not loafers and indigents , but working members of their community , providing essential — if menial — services , working to make better futures for their children , fulfilling the “ American dream ” that brought them to this fabled land of opportunity .
Crowded together in small , dark rooms , where they slept , ate , shared communal bathrooms , and also did laundry for others , repaired clothing and household utensils , or simply found respite from hard manual labor , the people of the tenements evoke respect as much as pathos .
They are the durable substance of an America just being born from waves of immigrants who have come to make a better way of life .
The manner in which they dress shows their inherent self - respect , and their aspirations .
Their faces betray not a hint of self - pity .
They bear the exploitative rents imposed by their landlords with a calm reserve reflecting their faith in the future .
Public housing in America began during the Great Depression of the 1930s and really took off after World War II , when a super - prosperous America — the last - standing great industrial power — under the leadership of elected politicians , decided to make good on its promise .
Following the design principles espoused by modernist architects such as Le Corbusier and Aldo Van Eyck , who placed their hope in enlightened government , tax - financed public housing ‘ projects ’ were rapidly built in most American cities .
But then something happened .
The super - prosperity ended and new enemies and threats to the community arose in the American psyche .
The will to maintain existing public housing , not to mention improve it , subsided , and decay and public disillusionment set it .
The root cause of America ’s slums — economic disparity between the rich and the poor , which had been addressed by successive governments from the 1930s through the 1960s — was increasingly ignored and , finally , exacerbated , under the triumphant banner of ‘ liberal democracy ’ the ‘ free market system . ’
Today , public housing is barely mentioned .
Schools of architecture do not study it because there is no longer the client — government — for its realization .
The design and construction of new housing stock is left in the hands of real estate developers , who see no profit in building living spaces for those unable to pay market - rate rents .
Degrading living conditions still exist for very many in New York today , ironically behind the facades of the very public housing projects once considered an important part of the solution to the problem .
It is not only that there is no contemporary Jacob Riis to expose them , but more so that there is no longer an America to be shocked into action by them .
LW
New York today : vestiges of the past :
Public housing in New York today — the slums hidden in plain sight :
Are your kids getting what they want for Christmas this year ?
Gary Johnson has left Bristol City by mutual consent following a disappointing run of form .
The club have registered just two wins in their last 12 Championship games and are seven points above the relegation zone .
The 54 - year - old took charge at Ashton Gate in 2005 and won promotion to the Championship two years later before taking them to within 90 minutes of a place in the Premier League .
However , their dreams were ended by a 1 - 0 play - off final defeat to Hull at Wembley .
Johnson said : " I 'd like to thank the chairman for his continual support throughout the last four and a half years and congratulate him on taking the club to the level it currently enjoys .
I thank the majority of the club 's fans for their tremendous support during my time with the club .
" I thank the players and staff for their continued efforts in getting this club from what was a position at the bottom of League One when I joined , to promotion to the Championship , to the play - off final for a place in the Premier League and then to compete in the Championship thereafter .
I leave Bristol City with fond memories but feel the time is right to move on to a new challenge . "
Johnson presided over 239 games , winning 96 , drawing 69 and losing 74 , the last of which came courtesy of their last - gasp 3 - 2 win at relegation - threatened Plymouth on Tuesday night .
Bristol City 's chairman , Steve Lansdown , said : " I would like to place on record my thanks to Gary for the fantastic work he has done over four and a half years at the club .
Winning promotion from League One and reaching the Championship play - off final will always live long in the memory for myself and I 'm sure for our supporters as well .
" Results have n't gone as well as everyone would have liked this season and it's been mutually agreed that now is the right time to make a change . "
Johnson 's assistant , Keith Millen , will take charge of Saturday 's visit of Newcastle .
Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday it paid about 4,500 doctors and hospitals $ 35 million during the second half of last year to study how the company 's medicines work and to promote the treatments , in its first public disclosure of payments to the professionals and institutions that test and prescribe its products .
Drug companies have been under pressure from some members of Congress and physicians to reveal their payments .
The health overhaul passed recently requires disclosures of certain physician payments starting in 2013 .
But ...
A 50 - year - old man flipped out and killed his girlfriend and two other men after walking in on them having a threesome at her Brooklyn apartment , police said .
Hours later , the jilted lover admitted to cops he was so furious that he carved up the two mens ’ bodies and dumped them somewhere in New Jersey .
“ He made statements implicating himself in the deaths , ” said NYPD spokesman Paul Browne , regarding the triple homicide at 1518 Eastern Parkway in Brownsville .
It is unclear whether three victims were shot or beaten to death .
The suspect spotted his 51 - year - old girlfriend having sex with the two men shortly after midnight and left a voicemail with a friend saying he killed the three of them , cops said .
The message , was passed on to cops , led them to the woman ’s first floor pad about 2 p.m .
The suspect was found hovering over her dead body in a back bedroom .
He admitted to the murders and was taken to the 73rd Precinct in Brownsville for questioning .
Regine Nole , a 46 - year - old home attendant who lives across the street from the murder scene , said the suspect “ did n’t look afraid or upset ” when cops escorted him out of the building .
“ He just put his head down and went into the police car , ” Nole said .
Lulu Facey , 30 , who lives in an apartment a floor above the murdered woman , said she heard a lot of screaming late last night and “ someone yelling ‘ Help !
Help ! ’ ”
But Facey did nothing and “ went to sleep ” because she thought the commotion was over dogs barking at another apartment .
Nole said she heard from neighbors that the woman was “ beaten to death . ”
“ She was dating more than one guy and just moved into this apartment three weeks ago , ” she said .
Additional reporting by John Doyle
The World from Berlin ' It 's Time for Turkey to Snap Out of Its Self - Delusion '
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has once again suggested that Germany establish Turkish - language high schools for its immigrant population of Turkish descent .
Regardless of the idea 's merits , it is unlikely to endear him to Merkel before the chancellor 's trip to Ankara on Monday .
In honor of Gene Roddenberry 's Sci-Fi saga Star Trek Enterprise , the last of the popular Star Trek series , we are presenting the sexy Vulcan T'Pol , played by Jolene Blalock , the 66 year old Vulcan vixen just ripe to enter Pon Far ...
The producers are sure to generate a lot of sexy magazine coverage for ENTERPRISE with the casting of the next ' Star Trek ' Vulcan .
' T' Pol ' actress Jolene Blalock graces the pages of Maxim Magazine this month and takes some poses that are sure to get her ( and ENTERPRISE ) some attention .
Blalock , who has previously been seen in JASON AND THE ARGONAUTS and DIAMOND HUNTERS tells the mag of her " surf bunny " beginnings : I was a good surfer because we grew up a block from the water , and my father took us to the ocean the way other fathers take their kids to the park .?
She also mentions what she looks for in a male companion , not surprisingly : I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane .
Sean Penn , Gary Oldman , Bob Dylan , Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they had n't found an outlet for their brilliant mind - sets .
I also like men who have hands with big masculine veins that you can squish and move ... Do Rick Berman and Brannon Braga fit this description ?
Well , let 's not go there .
But at least we know ENTERPRISE wo n't lack sex appeal .
For the rest of the piece , and larger shots of Jolene in her suggestive poses , check out MaximOnLine
Please scroll down for updates
11:27 AM : Appeal reader Kenny lets us know that a Muni accident just happened at Mission & Beale , saying that it “ looks like someone is trapped under a bus , with 2 14 - Mission vehicles involved . ”
From his IMs to the Appeal :
They ’ve got stretchers out , and they ’re on hands and knees trying to get to whoever is under the bus .
They ’ve taped the area off with yellow tape , moved onlookers out , and now have brought blankets off to block off the view between the buses .
I think someone may have died .
OK , the blankets are down and the person has been loaded into a waiting ambulance .
It has now sped away .
They ’re still looking under the bus .
I ’m not sure if there ’s someone else down there , or what .
There is not another ambulance on the scene , though , so maybe they ’re just trying to figure out what went wrong .
No other victim , apparently .
They are picking up their equipment and going back to the fire trucks .
Police seem to be taking over the scene now .
I ’ve emailed the SF MTA for confirmation , and will update when I get a response .
11:39 PM : Kenny updates us , saying that
They just moved the tape back to the 2 buses , and the last fire department vehicle just left the scene .
The police still have the whole block of Mission closed off , though .
Unless they have a way to reroute around the scene , I ’d guess the 14 - Mission line is going to be backed up for a while .
11:45 AM : The SF MTA ’s issued an alert to media , saying that at around 11 this morning , there was “ an accident at Mission and Beale streets involving a 14 Mission trolley bus and a 14 Mission Limited bus and a bicyclist . ”
The MTA does not give any other details on the circumstances of the accident or the extent of the cyclist ’s injuries .
They say that bus service is disrupted , and that “ the 14 Mission route is switching back at 4th Street .
The 14 Mission Limited is routing around the scene from Main Street to Market Street to 4th Street and back to its regular route on Mission Street . ”
The Appeal has left messages for the SFFD for more details on the victim , we ’ll update when they respond .
11:54 AM : Bay City News confirms , after speaking with SFFD Lt. Mindy Talmadge , that the victim , a man , was indeed trapped between a bus near Mission and Beale .
She told BCN that crews were “ sent to the scene to try to lift the bus to extricate the victim , ” but at the time of their report she did not know the victim ’s condition .
12:18 PM : According to KCBS says the victim “ is or was reportedly suffering from extremely critical injuries ” ( the story ’s since been reedited to say “ life threatening injuries ” ) .
12:30 PM : Bay City
News confirms previous reports of the circumstances surrounding the incident , saying that after the 10:59 AM accident ( what happened ?
We still do n’t know ) :
“ Emergency responders had to crawl under the bus to access the victim .
Crews lifted the bus , and the victim was quickly extricated and taken to a hospital , ” where he ’s said to be suffering life - threatening injuries , according to an SFFD spokesperson .
1:19 PM : SFPD and the SFMTA are reportedly trying to figure out how the victim ended up trapped under the bus .
The victim , whom SFPD spokesperson Lt. Lyn Tomioka says was not , as reported by the MTA , a cyclist , was apparently walking in a lane of traffic on Mission Street when he was pinned between two buses and run over by one .
No word yet on the condition of the victim .
We ’ll keep you posted .
4:16 PM : SFPD spokesperson Lt. Lyn Tomioka says that the man who was pinned between two Muni buses then run over by one was pronounced dead at SF General at 11:46 this morning .
Police are not yet releasing the man ’s identity , and video of the crash taken from the Muni buses is being withheld pending further investigation , according to Tomioka .
The drivers of both Muni buses have been placed on non-driving status and tested for drugs and alcohol , per normal procedure , according to Muni spokesman Murray Bond .
Muni service was back to normal this afternoon after being rerouted for a few hours after the incident , Bond said .
80 Excellent Examples of Photo Manipulation Art
Throughout history , great designers always found new ways to show their creativity to express themselves and create new trends and techniques to remark their work apart from the rest of the crowd .
Photo manipulation is an art in itself , that requires a skill and precision as we know , it is one of the most creative artforms to come out of the digital age .
This presentation shows an amazing collection of photo manipulation art related to nature , photography , objects , illustrations , HDR as well as some abstract and fantasy - related concepts .
Hopefully , everybody will find something interesting to ignite their creativity .
You may be interested in the following related articles as well .
Feel free to join us and you are always welcome to share your thoughts that our readers may find helpful .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to our RSS - feed and follow us on Twitter — for recent updates .
Excellent Examples of Photo Manipulation Art
Photo manipulation can serve as an excellent source of inspiration .
Infect , we , designers , can derive inspiration from almost everything around , and this collection can fulfills your design inspiration related needs as we can promise you that when you start browsing them further in details it will surely refresh your memory .
More Resources
Without public debate and without congressional hearings , a segment of the Pentagon and fellow travelers have embraced a doctrine known as the Long War , which projects an “ arc of instability ” caused by insurgent groups from Europe to South Asia that will last between 50 and 80 years .
According to one of its architects , Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan are just “ small wars in the midst of a big one . ”
Consider the audacity of such an idea .
An 80 - year undeclared war would entangle 20 future presidential terms stretching far into the future of voters not yet born .
The American death toll in Iraq and Afghanistan now approaches 5,000 , with the number of wounded a multiple many times greater .
Including the American dead from 9/11 , that ’s 8,000 dead so far in the first decade of the Long War .
And if the American armed forces are stretched thin today , try to conceive of seven more decades of combat .
The costs are unimaginable too .
According to economists Joseph E. Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes , Iraq alone will be a $ 3 - trillion war .
Those costs , and the other deficit spending of recent years , yield “ virtually no room for new domestic initiatives for Mr. Obama or his successors , ” according to a New York Times budget analysis in February .
Continued deficit financing for the Long War will rob today ’s younger generation of resources for their future .
The term “ Long War ” was first applied to America ’s post - 9/11 conflicts in 2004 by Gen. John P. Abizaid , then head of U.S. Central Command , and by the retiring chairman of the Joint Chiefs of State , Gen. Richard B. Myers , in 2005 .
Advertisement
According to David Kilcullen , a top counterinsurgency advisor to Army Gen. David H. Petraeus and a proponent of the Long War doctrine , the concept was polished in “ a series of windowless offices deep inside the Pentagon ” by a small team that successfully lobbied to incorporate the term into the 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review , the nation ’s long - term military blueprint .
President George W. Bush declared in his 2006 State of the Union message that “ our own generation is in a long war against a determined enemy . ”
The concept has quietly gained credence .
Washington
Post reporter - turned - author Thomas E. Ricks used “ The Long War ” as the title for the epilogue of his 2009 book on Iraq , in which he predicted that the U.S. was only halfway through the combat phase there .
It has crept into legal language .
Federal Appeals Court Judge Janice Rogers Brown , a darling of the American right , recently ruled in favor of holding detainees permanently because otherwise , “ each successful campaign of a long war would trigger an obligation to release Taliban fighters captured in earlier clashes . ”
Among defense analysts , Andrew J. Bacevich , a Vietnam veteran who teaches at Boston University , is the leading critic of the Long War doctrine , criticizing its origins among a “ small , self - perpetuating , self - anointed group of specialists ” who view public opinion “ as something to manipulate ” if they take it into consideration at all .
Advertisement
The Long War has momentum , though the term is absent from the 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review unveiled by Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates in February .
One commentator has noted the review ’s apparent preference for finishing “ our current wars before thinking about the next . ”
Still we fight wars that bleed into each other without clear end points .
Political divisions in Iraq threaten to derail the complete withdrawal of U.S. troops scheduled for 2012 .
As troop levels decline in Iraq , they grow to 100,000 in Afghanistan , where envoy Richard C. Holbrooke famously says we ’ll know success “ when we see it . ”
The Afghan war has driven Al Qaeda into Pakistan , where U.S. intelligence officers covertly collaborate with the Pakastani military .
Lately our special forces have stepped up covert operations in Yemen .
It never ends .
British security expert Peter Neumann at King ’s College has said that Europe is a “ nerve center ” of global jihad because of underground terrorists in havens protected by civil liberties laws .
Could that mean NATO will have to occupy Europe ?
Advertisement
It ’s time the Long War strategy was put under a microscope and made the focus of congressional hearings and media scrutiny .
The American people deserve a voice in the strategizing that will affect their future and that of their grandchildren .
There are at least three important questions to address in public forums :
* What is the role of the Long War idea in United States ’ policy now ?
Can the Pentagon or president impose such war - making decisions without debate and congressional ratification ?
* Who exactly is the enemy in a Long War ?
Is Al Qaeda ( or “ Islamic fundamentalism ” ) considered to be a unitary enemy like the “ international communist conspiracy ” was supposed to be ?
Can a Long
War be waged with only a blanket authorization against every decentralized group lodged in countries from Europe to South Asia ?
* Above all , what will a Long War cost in terms of American tax dollars , American lives and American respect in the world ?
Is it sustainable ?
If not , what are the alternatives ?
Advertisement
President Obama has implied his own disagreement with the Long War doctrine without openly repudiating the term .
He has pledged to remove all U.S. troops from Iraq by 2012 , differing with those like Ricks who predict continuing combat , resulting in a Korean - style occupation .
Obama also pledges to “ begin ” American troop withdrawals from Afghanistan by summer 2011 , in contrast to those who demand we remain until an undefined victory .
Obama told West Point cadets that “ our troop commitment in Afghanistan cannot be open - ended , because the nation that I ’m most interested in building is our own . ”
Those are naive expectations to neoconservatives and to some in the Pentagon for whom the Long War fills a vacuum left by the end of the Cold War .
They will try to trap Obama in a Long War by demanding permanent bases in Iraq , slowing American withdrawals from Afghanistan to a trickle and defending secret operations in Pakistan .
Where violence flares , he will be blamed for disengaging prematurely .
Where situations stabilize , he will be counseled it ’s because we keep boots on the ground .
We will keep spending dollars we do n’t have on wars without end .
The underlying issues should be debated now , before the future itself has been drafted for war .
Tom Hayden , a former California state senator , teaches a course on the Long War at Scripps College .
He is the author of “ The Long Sixties : From 1960 to Barack Obama . ”
Nothing annoys certain of my fellow conservative intellectuals more than when I remind them , as on occasion I mischievously do , that the derogatory things they say about Sarah Palin are uncannily similar to what many of their forebears once said about Ronald Reagan .
It 's hard to imagine now , but 31 years ago , when I first announced that I was supporting Reagan in his bid for the 1980 Republican presidential nomination , I was routinely asked by friends on the right how I could possibly associate myself ...
As we all know , the debate over global warming is contentious , often vitrolic .
Labels are often applied by both sides .
One the most distasteful labels is “ denier ” .
I ’m pleased to report that the UK paper The Guardian has taken on this issue headfirst .
In a recent email exchange with the Guardian ’s James Randerson , where he discussed an outreach opportunity to climate skeptics via a series of stories on the Guardian website , I raised the issue with him .
From : “ Anthony Watts < xxx@xxxx.xxx > Date : Friday , February 19 , 2010 11:13 AM
To : “ James Randerson ” < xxxx@xxxxx.xxx.xx >
Subject : Re : Guardian : CRU emails Hello James ,
Thanks for the response .
If the Guardian truly wishes to engage climate skeptics , I do have a piece of advice that will help tear down walls .
Get the newspaper to go on record that they will never again use the label “ deniers ” in headlines or articles .
For example : http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/cif-green/2010/feb/15/climate-science-ipcc-sceptics
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/mar/09/climate-change-deniers
And there are many others I could cite .
That simple , single act , recognizing that the term is erroneous , distasteful due to its holocaust denier connotation , and unrepresentative of the position on climate change of many who simply want the science to be right and reasonable solutions enacted would be a watershed event in mending fences .
There ’s no downside for the Guardian to do so that I can envision .
It would elevate the paper ’s credibility in the eyes of many .
The Guardian can lead by example here .
Thank you for your consideration .
Best Regards , Anthony Watts
Yesterday I received an email from him .
It is my impression that he sent the suggestion out to other staff members and there was a discussion about it , which was written about here :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/mar/01/climate-change-scepticism-style-guide
I excerpt the relevant paragraphs here , highlight mine :
We have been discussing such terminology , and some of my colleagues have suggested that Guardian style might be amended to stop referring to “ climate change deniers ” in favour of , perhaps , “ climate sceptics ” .
The editor of our environment website explains : “ The former has nasty connotations with Holocaust denial and tends to polarise debate .
On the other hand there are some who are literally in denial about the evidence .
Also , some are reluctant to lend the honourable tradition of scepticism to people who may not be truly ‘ sceptical ’ about the science . ”
We might help to promote a more constructive debate , however , by being “ as explicit as possible about what we are talking about when we use the term sceptic ” .
Most if not all of the environment team – who , after all , are the ones at the sharp end – now favour stopping the use of denier or denialist ( which is not , in fact , a word ) in news stories , if not opinion pieces .
The Guardian ’s environment editor argues : “ Sceptics have valid points and we should take them seriously and respect them . ”
To call such people deniers “ is just demeaning and builds differences ” .
One of his colleagues says he generally favours sceptic for news stories , “ but let people use ‘ deniers ’ in comment pieces should they see fit .
The ‘ sceptics ’ label is almost too generous a badge as very few are genuinely sceptical about the science but I think we have to accept the name is now common parlance . ”
I applaud the editorial staff at the Guardian for taking this step , and even more so for having the courage to put it to print .
I thank James Randerson for bringing the subject to discussion .
I hope that other editorial staff and news outlets will take note of this event .
On that note let me say that we could all ( and that includes me ) benefit from the dialing back of the use of labels , and we should focus on the issues before us .
There ’s really nothing positive or factual to be gained from such labeling .
I call on readers of WUWT to reciprocate this gesture by The Guardian by refraining from labeling others they may disagree with here and at other web forums .
Let ’s all dial back and treat others with the same respect in conversation as you might treat dinner guests having a discussion at home .
My position has been that there is no debate that the earth has warmed over the past 100 + years , but that the magnitude of the measured warming and the cause (s ) remain in debate .
The question of whether such warming is beneficial or detrimental depends on who you ask .
I ’ll also point out that it took our modern society about 150 years of science and technology advances to get where we are now .
Doing it cleaner and better wo n’t be an overnight solution either .
There are also other pressing environmental issues which have been swallowed whole by the maelstrom of this worldwide climate debate and are getting the short shrift .
The sooner we can settle it , the sooner we can get on to solving those .
UPDATE :
In related news , the nastiness of debate caused one long time blogger to close his discussion forum .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/science/article7043753.ece
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
There are two major mobile broadband technology families : GSM / UMTS ( which three quarters of the world uses ) and CDMA / EVDO ( used by the rest ) .
Keep in mind that UMTS uses CDMA as the radio technology , but incompatibly from CDMA / EVDO .
Back to School
GSM is a TDMA ( Time Division Multiple Access ) technology ; communication is divided into a number of slots in which specific devices talk .
Each slot contains voice , data , or signalling information .
When it ’s not your turn , you ca n’t talk .
Pretty simple , but given that it ’s a TDMA technology , it ’s prone to multipath interference and hard capacity limits .
You also have to carefully plan out your cell layout to ensure that adjacent towers do n’t use the same frequency .
CDMA , on the other hand , is an ingenious spread - spectrum technology .
It ’s got a great back story with movie stars and a war and stuff .
In contrast to GSM , in a CDMA system every user talks at the same time .
Each user is given a unique sequence of zeros and ones called a “ spreading code ” which is used to modulate the data stream over a certain frequency range ( hence the spread - spectrum part ) .
On the receive side , when you know a user ’s spreading code you apply it to the RF signal and retrieve the original data .
Each user in the cell just sees every other user ’s signal as slightly increased background noise .
This is why CDMA is extremely robust against snooping and multipath interference , and why its capacity gracefully degrades as cell utilization increases .
What about Qualcomm ?
Qualcomm holds many of the patents on CDMA since they spent a ton of time and money turning CDMA into a viable cellular radio technology 20 years ago .
They are also one of the largest sellers of cellular chipsets in the world .
We as open - source developers have to care , because their stuff shows up in tons of the devices we support .
Users do n’t like being told “ no ” .
Most mobile broadband devices ( Qualcomm ’s included ) appear as USB interfaces providing two or more serial ports .
One port is usually AT - command capable .
If you ’re lucky , you get a secondary AT - capable port to use for signal quality and status while the primary port is using PPP for data transmission .
Most GSM / UMTS modems have a second AT port .
Most CDMA modems do not .
So when your device only has one AT - capable port , what language do the other ports speak ?
Proprietary Protocol # 1 : QMI
This protocol is found on newer Qualcomm chipsets like the MSM7 k series that show up in Android handsets Qualcomm Gobi data cards .
Google exposed some of the QMI protocol in the Android drivers .
Other details have recently turned up through the Gobi Linux driver sources , though Qualcomm does n’t distribute sources for the “ QCQMI DLKM ” that probably contains the protocol mechanics .
It should n’t be too hard to reverse - engineer most of the protocol given these sources and a USB sniffer , but nobody has had the time yet .
QMI uses an HDLC - type framing which is quite common in proprietary mobile broadband protocols : a CRC - 16 and 0x7E terminates a frame , and the frame is escaped such that 0x7E does n’t show up in the data .
But since we have n’t reverse - engineered QMI yet , it is n’t the main focus of this post .
Proprietary Protocol # 2 : DM
Diagnostic Monitor is an older protocol found in most Qualcomm devices .
I ’ve been interested in QCDM for a while , since without it , you ca n’t get signal strength and status from most CDMA devices while connected .
So I ’ve been trawling the web for the past couple years looking for anything related to QCDM , and I finally hit the jackpot last fall : the GPL sources for the Sprint - branded Linksys WRT54G3G - V2 router , which have since disappeared .
They include a GPL - licensed tool called ‘ nvtlstatus ’ which implements various pieces of the QCDM protocol .
The code is complete junk ( as you ’d expect from many embedded device manufacturers with schedules to hit ) but it worked .
There ’s also a sketchy Chinese package called “ CDMA_Test.rar ” that includes lists of the NVRAM items and some of the DM command numbers .
While not GPL , we can use the command numbering and structure definitions because it falls under the phonebook and interoperability copyright exceptions .
Additionally , there ’s the TCL - based ( ick ) “ RTManager ” tool that implements some interesting QCDM commands , which , while we ca n’t use any of the code , is useful for structure field names that I had n’t already guessed .
Third , some guy did some reverse engineering of Novatel devices on Windows and built up a list of commands , subsystems , and NVRAM locations that were useful for confirming what I found in the other sources .
So through a combination of reverse engineering and these sources I wrote libqcdm , which we now use extensively in ModemManager for controlling CDMA devices .
DM Commands
Since DM is a pretty old protocol ( 2000 and possibly earlier ) , many of the commands are purely historical and currently unused .
The most interesting ones are :
DIAG_CMD_VERSION_INFO
: grabs firmware build dates and version information
: grabs firmware build dates and version information DIAG_CMD_ESN : grabs the CDMA device ’s ESN , which is essentially the IMEI of a CDMA device
: grabs the CDMA device ’s ESN , which is essentially the IMEI of a CDMA device DIAG_CMD_NV_READ and DIAG_CMD_NV_WRITE : NVRAM read / write commands , see below
and : NVRAM read / write commands , see below DIAG_CMD_SUBSYS : subsystem commands ; see below
: subsystem commands ; see below DIAG_CMD_STATUS_SNAPSHOT
: gives information about the current state and registration of the device on the CDMA 1x network
But given that many are n’t really used anymore , Qualcomm started running out of command IDs a long time ago …
Subsystems
So Qualcomm used command 75 ( DIAG_CMD_SUBSYS ) to extended the number of available commands ; this command takes a subsystem selector and a subsystem command ID , thus getting around the original 8 - bit command ID limitation .
There are a number of standard subsystems ( Call Manager , HDR Manager , WCDMA , GSM , GPS , etc ) but each manufacturer generally implements their own subsystem too .
In this way QCDM is n’t that different from AT commands ; while supposedly standardized , each manufacturer inevitably implements a bunch of proprietary commands for their own device because the specs simply do n’t cover everything .
This just makes our life harder .
The currently identified subsystems are :
Call Manager : the most important command here reports the general state of the device , including the registered SID / NID , the terminal state ( online / offline ) , the network mode ( 2G/3G ) , and various preferences that control which network the mobile registers with .
This is what we use to determine online / offline mode for CDMA devices since there are n’t any “ standard ” AT commands we can use to detect both 1x and EVDO registration .
Other commands start and end voice or data calls .
: the most important command here reports the general state of the device , including the registered SID / NID , the terminal state ( online / offline ) , the network mode ( 2G/3G ) , and various preferences that control which network the mobile registers with .
This is what we use to determine online / offline mode for CDMA devices since there are n’t any “ standard ” AT commands we can use to detect both 1x and EVDO registration .
Other commands start and end voice or data calls .
HDR ( High Data Rate , ie EVDO ) : the most important command here provides EVDO state , which is mostly taken from the state machines specified in the IS - 856 standard .
This lets us figure out if the modem is registered on the EVDO network or the CDMA 1x network .
( High Data Rate , ie EVDO ) : the most important command here provides EVDO state , which is mostly taken from the state machines specified in the IS - 856 standard .
This lets us figure out if the modem is registered on the EVDO network or the CDMA 1x network .
Novatel : only implemented on Novatel Wireless devices , obviously .
But it provides access to a lot of stuff we want : the Extended Roaming Indicator ( ERI ) which shows detailed roaming state , the current access - technology the device is using ( AMPS , digital , IS - 95 , CDMA 1x , EVDO r0 , EVDO rA , etc ) , the voice mail and SMS indicators , and more .
: only implemented on Novatel Wireless devices , obviously .
But it provides access to a lot of stuff we want : the Extended Roaming Indicator ( ERI ) which shows detailed roaming state , the current access - technology the device is using ( AMPS , digital , IS - 95 , CDMA 1x , EVDO r0 , EVDO rA , etc ) , the voice mail and SMS indicators , and more .
ZTE : for ZTE devices , obviously .
I actually did reverse engineer this one using a ZTE AC2726 kindly provided by Huzaifas S. from Red Hat India .
All we ’ve got so far is the signal strength , the other fields of the command are unknown .
There are also GSM and WCDMA subsystems used with Qualcomm UMTS chipsets , but since most UMTS devices have multiple AT - capable ports we ’re less interested in using QCDM there .
NVRAM Locations
Each device has a number of NVRAM locations in which it stores various parameters like mode preference , roaming , home networks , radio parameters , and a whole bunch of other stuff .
Not all devices implement every location .
I ’ve only included the locations that we actually use in libqcdm , but there a couple thousand .
The ones we currently use are :
DIAG_NV_MODE_PREF
: sets the mode preference : analog ( ie AMPS ) , digital ( TDMA ) , CDMA 1x , or EVDO ( HDR )
: sets the mode preference : analog ( ie AMPS ) , digital ( TDMA ) , CDMA 1x , or EVDO ( HDR ) DIAG_NV_DIR_NUMBER : retrieves your Mobile Directory Number ( MDN ) , aka your phone #
: retrieves your Mobile Directory Number ( MDN ) , aka your phone # DIAG_NV_ROAM_PREF : controls whether your device will roam on a partner network or not
The values each contains took a bit of time reverse - engineer using the Sprint connection manager , 3 different Sprint CDMA cards , and some USB traces , but now we ’ve got the important parts .
Pulling It All Together
Earlier this year we had a number of bugs from Russian , Indian , and Czech Fedora users where ModemManager simply would n’t connect .
MM is pretty clever ( a good thing ) but the IS - 707 AT commands are n’t useful enough to tell us what we need ( not good ) .
The IS - 707 standard AT +CAD ?
and AT +CSS commands really apply to the CDMA 1x network , not the EVDO network , and all these users had EVDO - only plans .
So when ModemManager checked AT +CSS and found that the device was n’t registered , we sat around polling the registration state for a while .
The modem was already registered on the EVDO network , but not on a CDMA 1x network ; of course AT +CSS does n’t tell us that so MM got it wrong .
The real fix was to utilize QCDM and ask the Call Manager whether the modem was online or not , and if so , whether it had a 1 x or an EVDO connection .
Sounds simple , but it took a lot of work to get there .
Next , since most CDMA devices only expose one AT - capable port , we need a way to get signal strength from the device while it ’s connected and the primary port is talking PPP .
I ’ll cover that in another blog post ; stay tuned .
We still do n’t have a good way to figure out which EVDO revision ( either 0 or A ) we ’re using , nor can we get a reliable roaming indicator yet .
All of this is built in Fedora 12 , 13 , and rawhide if you ’d like to take it for a spin .
The Kernel Side
Many devices provide the AT port via the standard CDC - ACM serial mechanism , which is picked up automatically by the kernel drivers .
But their QCDM - capable ports are only exposed via vendor - specific USB interfaces , so I created the qcaux driver to handle these ports ; it ’s in the 2.6.34 kernel .
With qcaux .ko and a recent version of ModemManager stuff will Just Work .
Why You Care
First a big shout to Qualcomm for keeping this shit secret .
NOT .
Double - plus - shout - out for keeping QMI secret ; it ’s a pretty simple protocol and there ’s not much there worth keeping under wraps .
It might be nice to let open - source developers actually talk to your hardware .
With that out of the way , you care because we now have better support for a whole bunch of mobile broadband devices .
We even have support for CDMA signal strength while connected for the vast majority of CDMA devices that only expose one AT port .
I ’ll talk about that later , since it ’s quite an interesting story .
Why Sierra Wireless Rocks and Qualcomm Doesn’t
Buy Sierra stuff .
It ’s top quality and they actually care about open - source , unlike Qualcomm ’s mobile broadband division .
Last year I initiated a dialogue with Sierra about releasing some details of their proprietary Command and Status ( CnS ) protocol .
Being able to talk CnS to their modems gets us a lot that AT commands and even QCDM do n’t provide , like roaming indicator , access technology , and RSSI .
And guess what ?
They actually listened , did the work , and put the documentation under a Creative Commons license too .
I hear it ’ll show up soon on their support site if it ’s not there already ( document # 2131024 , “ CDMA 1xEV - DO CnS Reference ” ) .
Sierra rocks .
Now if only Qualcomm would do it too …
With the government ’s blessing , a drug giant is about to expand the market for its blockbuster cholesterol medication Crestor to a new category of customers : as a preventive measure for millions of people who do not have cholesterol problems .
Some medical experts question whether this is a healthy move .
They point to mounting concern that cholesterol medications — known as statins and already the most widely prescribed drugs in the United States — may not be as safe a preventive medicine as previously believed for people who are at low risk of heart attacks or strokes .
Statins have been credited with saving thousands of lives every year with relatively few side effects , and some medical experts endorse the drug ’s broader use .
But for healthy people who would take statins largely as prevention — which would be the case for the new category of Crestor patients — other experts suggest the benefits may not outweigh any side effects .
Among the risks raising new concerns , recently published evidence indicates that statins could raise a person ’s risk of developing Type 2 diabetes by 9 percent .
Current situation Summary of the current situation of Baha ’is in Iran
Last updated : February 2019
An overview of the persecution of the Iranian Baha 'i community can be read here .
Summary
Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran , Baha 'is have been systematically persecuted as a matter of government policy .
During the first decade of this persecution , more than 200 Baha 'is were killed or executed , hundreds more were tortured or imprisoned , and tens of thousands lost jobs , access to education , and other rights – all solely because of their religious belief .
Government - led attacks on the country ’s largest non-Muslim religious minority have re-intensified over the last 12 years .
Since 2005 , more than 1006 Baha 'is have been arrested , and the number of Baha 'is in prison has risen from fewer than five to more than 100 at one point .
It is currently 97 .
The list of prisoners includes six members of a former leadership group serving the Baha 'i community of Iran .
The seventh , Mahvash Sabet , was released after completing her 10 - year sentence on 18 September 2017 .
In 2010 , the seven were wrongly sentenced to 20 years in prison , the longest term then facing any prisoner of conscience in Iran .
In late 2015 , reports indicated that their sentences have been belatedly reduced from 20 years to 10 years , in line with changes to the Iranian Penal Code introduced in May 2013 .
The constant threat of raids , arrests , and detention or imprisonment is among the main features of Iran ’s persecution of Baha ’is today .
In all , at least 84 Baha 'is have been arrested so far in 2017 , up from a total of 81 in 2016 and 56 in 2015 , evidence that the persecution is not subsiding .
Other types of persecution include economic and educational discrimination , strict limits on the right to assemble and worship , and the dissemination of anti-Baha ’i propaganda in the government - led news media .
Attacks on Baha 'is or Baha 'i - owned properties go unprosecuted and unpunished , creating a sense of impunity for attackers .
Since 2005 , for example , there have been at least 52 incidents of arson against Baha ’i properties , crimes for which no one has been arrested .
During the same period , at least 60 incidents of vandalism or desecration at Baha ’i cemeteries have been recorded .
As noted by a top UN human rights official , the government - led persecution spans “ all areas of state activity , from family law provisions to schooling , education , and security . "
The situation facing Baha ’is has not changed since the coming to power of President Hassan Rouhani in August 2013 , despite his promises to end religious discrimination .
Since his inauguration , at least 283 Baha ’is have been arrested , thousands have been blocked from access to higher education , and there have been at least 645 incidents of economic oppression , ranging from intimidation and threats against Baha ’i - owned businesses to their closure by authorities .
More than 26,000 pieces of anti-Baha ’i propaganda have been disseminated in the Iranian media during President Rouhani 's administration .
Imprisonments
There are currently 97 Baha 'is in prison , all on false charges related solely to their religious belief .
The list includes six of the seven national - level Baha ’i leaders , who currently remain in prison for allegedly “ disturbing national security , ” “ spreading propaganda against the regime , ” and “ engaging in espionage . ”
As noted , one among them , Mahvash Sabet , who was the first to be arrested , was released on 18 September 2017 after completing her sentence .
Their arrests in 2008 and sentencing in 2010 provoked an international outcry .
In December 2013 , the seven wrote to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to express their views on his proposed " Iranian Charter of Citizen 's Rights . "
Recent Attacks
On 25 September 2016 , Mr. Farhang Amiri was murdered outside of his home in Yazd , Iran , by two young men who later confessed they attacked him because he was a Baha 'i .
Mr. Amiri was stabbed in the chest and died soon after he arrived at the hospital .
Economic Pressure
Economic pressure on Iran ’s Baha ’i community is acute , with both jobs and business licenses being denied to Baha ’is .
Government jobs , including not only in the civil service but also in such fields as education and law , have been denied to Baha ’is since the years immediately following the Revolution and Muslims often are pressured to fire Baha ’is in their employment in the private sector .
A recent letter from the Baha'i International Community to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani calls the policy nothing less than " economic apartheid . "
Since 2005 , there have been more than 1,170 incidents of economic persecution against Iranian Baha’is .
These include shop closings , dismissals , the revocation of business licenses and other efforts to block Baha ’is from earning a livelihood .
Recent examples include the sealing of 16 Baha 'i - owned businesses in July 2017 in Khouzestan Province after shop - owners closed to observe a Baha'i holy day and the sealing of at least 124 Baha 'i - owned shops and businesses in the provinces of Mazandaran , Alborz , Hormozgan , and Kerman in November 2016 after the owners closed their businesses to observe a pair of important Baha 'i holy days .
In October 2015 , The Baha ’i International Community issued a major report on the economic oppression of Baha ’is .
Titled “ Their Progress and Development Are Blocked : The economic oppression of Iran ’s Baha ’is , ” the report can be read here .
Attacks and assaults
Since 2005 , there have been at least 68 documented instances of physical violence against Baha 'is , ranging from simple assault to murder , all of which have gone unprosecuted .
These include :
The killing of Mr. Farhang Amiri on 25 September 2016 , as noted above .
In July 2017 , his confessed killers were released on bail , an indication of the government 's unwillingness to punish those who attack Baha 'is .
The assasination - style murder in August 2013 of Ataollah Rezvani in the city of Bandar Abbas .
Mr. Rezvani was wellknown as a Bahá’í in the city and much respected for his honesty and helpfulness .
Ministry of Intelligence agents , however , managed to get him dismissed from his work and they pressured him to leave the city .
Shortly before his death , he had begun receiving menacing telephone calls from unknown persons .
His killing also came after senior local clerics in the city attempted to incite the population against Bahá’ís .
The Baha'i International Community has said the murder should be treated as a hate crime , and it has called for an investigation .
Since 2005 in Iran , at least nine Baha ’is have been murdered or died under suspicious circumstances .
The stabbing of three Baha 'is in Birjand on 3 February 2014 in their home in the city of Birjand by an unidentified intruder .
The attacker , who was wearing a mask , entered the home of Ghodratollah Moodi and his wife , Touba Sabzehjou , at about 8 pm , attacking them with a knife or sharp instrument .
He also assaulted their daughter , Azam Moodi , before fleeing .
All three were seriously injured ; Ms. Moodi managed to summon help and all three were taken to a local hospital in serious condition .
An arson attack on a Baha'i home on 7 November 2014 in the village of Amzajerd in the province of Hamadan and set a fire .
Unidentified individuals broke into the home and started a fire .
Furniture , papers and some money were destroyed in the blaze , which was labeled arson by the fire department .
A episode of vandalism on 3 November 2014 when unidentified individuals broke into a Baha'i home in a village of Owj Pelleh in the province of Hamadan .
They broke windows , wrote graffiti , and attempted to set fire to the house , which was unoccupied at the time .
Raids and arrests
Since 2005 , more than 1007 Iranian Baha ’is have been arrested .
Most of the arrests and detentions follow a similar pattern : Agents of the Ministry of Intelligence arrive at the homes of Baha ’is , search the premises , confiscate items such as computers and books , and then make arrests .
Often Baha 'is are arrested individually , or in twos and threes , after authorities raid a Baha 'i home .
Large groups of Baha 'is are also often arrested .
In January 2017 , seven Baha 'is were arrested in Yazd , for example , and on 28 September 2016 , 14 Baha 'is were arrested in Shiraz and Karaj .
Other incidents of relatively large - scale arrests include :
In mid-June 2017 , 13 Baha 'is in Gorgan and Gonbad , who had been free on bail following sentencing for alleged but wrongfully charged crimes , were summoned or arrested at their homes and taken to prison .
In March 2017 , 5 Baha 'is in Isfahan were arrested simultaneously , after their homes were searched .
In late August 2016 , 18 Baha 'is were arrested in Yazd after government agents raided a home where a class for youth was being held .
In November 2015 , 15 Baha ’is were arrested in three cities – Tehran , Isfahan , and Mashhad – after their homes were raided and searched .
Read more ...
In April 2015 13 Baha 'is were arrested in Hamadan .
The arrests came over a period of two weeks , as intelligence agents raided and searched a number of Baha 'i homes there .
Owners / occupants were arrested on charges such as " engaging in propaganda against the regime . "
Most were released within a day or so after posting large sums for bail , ranging from US $ 8,000 to US $ 20,000 .
One woman , however , was detained for nine days in solitary confinement .
Destruction of historic Baha'i cemetery in Shiraz
In April 2014 , it was learned that elements of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards had begun destruction of a historic Baha 'i cemetery in Shiraz , apparently to make way for a new sports and cultural center .
After the excavation of a large but shallow hole , demolition was halted for several months in the face of international pressure and the expression of outrage on the part of Iranians from all walks of life .
But in August 2014 , reports emerged from Iran saying that the Revolutionary Guards had resumed construction on the site , removing human remains from some 30 to 50 graves and pouring a concrete foundation for the complex , which will reportedly include a library , mosque , restaurant , theatre , child care facility , and sports hall .
The cemetery is the resting place of some 950 Baha ’is , many of whom were historic or prominent figures in the Baha ’i community of Iran .
Interred at the site , for example , are ten Baha 'i women whose cruel hanging in 1983 came to symbolize the government 's deadly persecution of Baha 'is .
In September 2014 , three high level UN human rights experts called for a halt to the cemetery 's destruction , a plea that has so far gone unheeded .
As of September 2016 , photographs from Iran showed the building as nearly complete .
In addition to the demolition of the Baha 'i cemetery in Shiraz , there have been in recent months other attacks .
On 12 December 2013 , the Baha'i cemetery in Sanandaj was partly destroyed .
Reports from Iran say the morgue , where bodies are washed , along with the prayer room , a water tank , and the walls of the cemetery were destroyed , apparently as the result of a long - running government effort to confiscate the cemetery land and razed it 's buildings .
In Semnan recently , attackers destroyed the Baha 'i cemetery there in two stages .
In October / November 2012 , intruders demolished the morgue and in December 2012 / January 2013 , they covered all the graves 40 centimeters deep in dirt using bulldozers .
The municipality whose bulldozers were used for this purpose denied knowledge of the incident and promised to repair the damage .
In December 2012 , the Baha ’i cemetery in Yazd was vandalized .
Persecution in education
Baha ’i school children at all levels continue to be monitored and slandered by administrators and teachers in schools .
Secondary school students often face pressure and harassment , and some have been threatened with expulsion .
Religious studies teachers are known to insult and ridicule Baha 'i beliefs .
In a few reported cases , when Baha 'i students attempt to clarify matters at the request of their peers , they are summoned to the school authorities and threatened with expulsion if they continue to " teach " their Faith .
Young Baha ’is continue to be denied access to public and private colleges and universities in Iran as a matter of official policy , which requires that they be expelled if they manage to enroll and school authorities learn that they are Baha ’is .
Those working in support of the Baha ’i Institute for Higher Education ( BIHE ) , an ad hoc , volunteer effort of the Iranian Baha ’i community to provide education for its young people , have been at various times arrested , harassed and imprisoned .
Since President Rouhani came to power in August 2013 , for example , at least 54 Baha 'is have been expelled from university .
Recent incidents include :
The expulsions on 29 May 2017 of Mr. Riaz Safajou and Mr. Misagh Safajou from Tehran Open University , after studying Biomedical Engineering for 6 terms .
This despite the support from numerous professors and fellow students who objected to their dismissal .
The explusions of Ms. Maedeh Hoseini Rad and Ms. Dorna Esmaili .
Ms. Hoseini had been studying statistics at the Polytechnic University of Isfahan .
However , after one term , she was barred from the university website and as she followed - up , local officials explained that she was denied education per an order from Intelligence Office and the Science and Technology Organization .
Ms. Esmaili was expelled after going to a university for seven semesters studying graphic design .
She was also expelled as a result of orders from the Ministry of Intelligence .
In December 2016 , at least 12 Baha 'is were expelled from university in Iran simply becuase of their religious beliefs , even though they had made many appeals to the National Education Measurement and Evaluation Organization .
Many Baha 'is have excelled academically , and still faced explusion .
In September 2014 , for example , Ms. Shadan Shirazi was blocked from entering university despite the fact that she placed 113th on national college entrance examinations .
The story was widely reported and reveals a new tactic undertaken by the government , which is to deprive Baha 'is of any document or paper that they can use to prove they were discriminated against because of their religion .
Incitement to hatred
Over the years , thousands of pieces of anti-Baha 'i propaganda have been disseminated in official or semi-official Iranian media .
These include anti-Baha 'i articles , videos , and webpages .
A report , Inciting Hatred , covering a period from December 2009 through May 2011 , documents the nature of these attacks .
These attacks have not slowed or abated .
From January 2014 through August 2017 , the BIC documented more than 26,000 items of anti-Baha 'i propaganda in Iran 's official or semi-official media .
Other forms of Persecution
Other forms of persecution faced by Iranian Baha ’is include the monitoring of their bank accounts , movements , and activities ; the denial of pensions or rightful inheritances ; the intimidation of Muslims who associate with Baha ’is ; the denial of access to publishing or copying facilities for Baha ’i literature ; and the unlawful confiscation or destruction of Baha ’i properties , including Baha ’i holy places .
International reaction
Governments , organizations and individual supporters around the world are calling for the release of jailed Baha 'i leaders and Baha ’i educators , and an end to the persecution of the Baha ’is in Iran .
In March 2017 , Asma Jahangir , the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Iran , issued a report to the Human Rights Council .
In it , she said she was " particularly concerned at the continuing systematic discrimination , harassment and targeting of adherents " of the Baha'i Faith . "
Read the full report ...
In December 2016 , the UN General Assembly passed a resolution expressing serious concerns about ongoing human rights violations in Iran , including the oppression of Iranian Baha 'is .
Read more ...
That resolution followed a report , issued in October 2016 , by Ahmed Shaheed , the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Iran , who said Baha 'is , among other religious minorities in Iran , are persecuted for " peacefully manifesting their religious beliefs . "
Read more ...
In September 2016 , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon referred to Baha 'is as the " most severely persecuted religious minority " in Iran in his annual report on human rights in Iran to the UN General Assembly .
Read more ...
In March 2016 , Secretary General Ban and the Special Rapporteur on human rights in Iran , Ahmed Shaheed , released strongly worded report expressing concern over continuing violations in Iran , including persecution of Baha 'is .
Read more ...
In December 2015 , the UN General Assembly voted overwhelmingly to condemn Iran for its continuing violations of human rights .
Like previous annual resolutions , it expressed " deep concern " about serious ongoing and recurring human rights violations ” in Iran .
The resolution listed the high frequency of executions , torture , restrictions on freedom of assembly and expression , the targeting of journalists , pervasive gender inequality , and religious discrimination – including against Iranian Baha ’is – as among the Assembly ’s concerns .
Read more ...
In October 2015 , Dr. Shaheed noted that “ Adherents of unrecognized religions , such as the Baha ’i faith , face severe restrictions and discrimination and are reportedly prosecuted for peacefully manifesting their religious beliefs . ”
His full report can be read here .
In September 2015 , Mr. Ban issued a report to the UN General Assembly expressing concern about “ reports of persistent discrimination ” against ethnic and religious minorities , noting in particular that “ authorities have not relaxed restrictions on members of the Baha ’i community , who continue to face severe constraints on their professional activities , including the closure of their businesses . ”
Read more ...
On 31 October 2014 , governments repeatedly called attention to Iran 's lack of respect for religious freedom at Iran 's Universal Periodic Review in the Human Rights Council .
Of the 291 recommendations made by 104 governments , 11 specifically mentioned the situation of Iranian Baha 'is , calling on Iran to end discrimination against them .
In September 2014 , three high - level United Nations human rights experts called on Iran to halt the ongoing destruction of a historic Baha ’i cemetery in Shiraz , Iran , saying the action is an “ unacceptable ” violation of freedom of religion .
In a joint news release , Heiner Bielefeldt , the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief , Ahmed Shaheed , the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Iran , and Rita Izsak , the UN Independent Expert on minority issues , said they were “ dismayed ” at reports that demolition work had resumed in August .
In June 2013 , the International Labor Organization expressed " deep concern " over continuing economic and educational discrimination against Baha 'is in Iran .
Read more ...
In May 2013 , four high - level United Nations human rights experts called on Iran to immediately release the seven imprisoned Baha 'i leaders .
Read more ...
Also in May 2013 , the UN Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights recommended that Iran ensure that all citizens , regardless of religious belief , enjoy full rights without any discrimination .
The Committee specifically referred to the Baha'i community , expressing its concern that Iranian Baha 'is face " widespread and entrenched discrimination , including denial of access to employment in the public sector , institutions of higher education , as well as to benefits of the pension system . "
It recommended that Iran " take steps to ensure that members of the Baha 'i community are protected against discrimination and exclusion in every field . "
Read more ...
" Britain may need a scare to force the politicians to act , just like the Canadians in the early 1990s when they started to trade like an emerging market .
The lesson in these cases is that the sooner it happens the better .
The risk for America is that their status as holder of the world 's reserve currency will let them delay , " she said .
Republicans are unlikely to force major changes to the measure making final tweaks to healthcare legislation , Sen. Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) said Monday night .
Inhofe said the GOP would have a difficult time forcing changes to the healthcare reconciliation bill the Senate is expected to take up this week , despite others in the party professing confidence .
" No , " Coburn said during an appearance on CNBC when asked if the GOP would be able to stop many elements of the reconciliation bill .
" We 'll put a few holes in it , but basically it 's going to come through here because they 've done a good job crafting it . "
The measure , which Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) has said he hopes to finish by this weekend , makes final tweaks and changes to the healthcare bill President Barack Obama will sign into law this morning .
Senate Republicans have said they plan to raise a series of objections and points of order against the bill , leading some to say they are " virtually certain " they could force changes that would send the reconciliation measure back to the House for another vote .
Those efforts were dealt a blow Monday night , though , when the Senate 's parliamentarian dismissed a GOP challenge that claimed the bill should have been dismissed for touching on Social Security revenues .
" We 're going to have a difficult time making changes to that reconciliation bill , " conceded Coburn , a senator who has been known at times for his ability to use legislative procedure to stymie Democrats .
VICTORIA , Seychelles — Maj .
Simon Laurencine watched as two yellow dots lit up the radar screen in the bridge of Topaz , his Seychelles Coast Guard patrol boat 230 miles off the Indian Ocean islands .
The first dot was 3 miles away and moving fast toward him .
The searchlights fixed on the bow of Topaz peered into the darkness .
When the approaching vessel was just half a mile away small red balls began lighting up the night .
“ These were tracer bullets , they were firing submachine guns , ” said Laurencine afterward .
“ I knew then they were pirates . ”
For the first time in his 31 - year career Laurencine ordered his gunners to let rip with a deck - mounted 12.7 - mm machine gun .
The Somali pirate gang had just made a big mistake .
They attacked the 150 - foot gunboat thinking it was just another defenseless trawler or cargo carrier .
Four pirates aboard the first skiff quickly surrendered and the coastguards began chasing the second , keeping up the harassing fire .
After accidentally crashing their boat into the gray metal hull of the Topaz , the second group of four also surrendered , their damaged skiff sinking beneath the Indian Ocean waves .
The last three members of the pirate gang were arrested on board their slow - moving " mother ship " loaded with drums of fuel , food , water and medicine for the long journey from Somalia .
Arrested last December all 11 are due to go on trial this month in Victoria , capital of Seychelles , the popular holiday destination that has become the unexpected front line in the fight against piracy .
Armed pirates have reached 1,000 miles out into the Indian Ocean , pushed out by navies patrolling in the Gulf of Aden .
Despite the efforts of the U.S. and EU navies , Somali pirates have stepped up their activity and are reaching far out into the Indian Ocean .
This week Somali pirates hijacked a ship more than 1,100 miles from their bases — closer to India than Africa , according to the EU naval force .
Cdr John Harbour said the attack , on a Turkish - owned ship , marked a major increase in the pirates ' range .
He said the EU naval patrols along East Africa 's coastline have pushed the pirate gangs further out .
In another incident on Wednesday , a pirate was shot dead by a private security guard on board a merchant ship in waters off Kenya 's East African coastline .
Somalia has been riven by civil war and unrest since 1991 , allowing the pirates relative impunity .
As they reach deeper into the Indian Ocean , they threaten ships around the Seychelles , which are 930 miles off the coast of Africa .
Just 60 miles off Mahe , the Seychelles biggest island , a retired British couple , Paul and Rachel Chandler , were were seized by pirates last October aboard their yacht Lynn Rival .
They have been held in the scrubby coastal desert of Somalia ever since as ransom negotiations have dragged on into a fifth month .
Now U.S. spy drones are parked at the Victoria airport where tourists disembark for their luxury honeymoons , international warships are more common than cruise liners in the once - busy harbor and commercial tuna fishing vessels carry teams of French marines and private security guards to protect them while at sea .
On at least three occasions over the last 12 months Seychellois soldiers have been deployed to some of the archipelago ’s outlying islands amid fears that Somali pirates , short of fuel and food , might land to restock or even take hostages .
“ Pirates could land for provisions , ” explained Joel Morgan , the government minister in charge of the Seychelles ’ anti-piracy effort .
“ And just imagine the catastrophe if they were to land on an island and take tourists hostage .
That would be unthinkable . ”
Inconceivable or not , if it happens Morgan says his country is prepared : with European Union help a special commando unit has been trained to fight pirates and , if necessary , liberate tourists and vessels .
“ They are our equivalent of the Navy SEALs , ” he proudly told GlobalPost .
International involvement is being stepped up in the Seychelles in a bid to halt the spread of piracy .
International patrol aircraft take off from the island nation to scour the ocean for pirate vessels , more military training programs are in the pipeline and warships from the
dozens - strong U.S. - led Combined Task Force 151 regularly dock for refueling as well as R & R .
Last year Somali pirates attacked 217 vessels , hijacking 47 and kidnapping 867 crew , according to figures released by the International Maritime Bureau .
In 2009 , the number of incidents almost doubled , up from 111 in 2008 although the pirates ’ success rate only increased marginally .
Agreements have been signed here , as well as in Kenya , for captured pirates to be put on trial and a new high security unit is being built to house up to 40 prisoners at the country ’s only prison , a 350 - capacity jail perched on top of one of the islands ’ soaring jungle peaks .
Seychellois officials hope trials and jail terms will act as a deterrent but with multi-million dollar ransoms commonly paid to hijackers and Somalia still mired in chaos this hope seems wildly optimistic .
Somali pirates frequently target fishing trawlers and among industry experts who gathered in the Seychelles recently there was little expectation of an end to piracy .
“ I do n’t see any sign that piracy is going to decrease , ” Michel Goujon , director of Orthongel , a French trawler association , told delegates to the first International Tuna Conference .
“ In fact every time a ransom is paid it ’s an incitation for new candidates [ and ] it ’s also reinforcing the economy based on piracy in Somalia , ” he said .
At the coast guard base , Maj .
Laurencine is expecting a busy few months ahead .
He said that the changing monsoon season has brought the calm waters that pirates like .
“ Their hunting season is on , ” he shrugged .
Between 2009 - 2018 , the United States is scheduled to give Israel -- the largest recipient of U.S. aid --$ 30 billion in military aid .
Through its illegal 42 - year military occupation of the Palestinian West Bank , East Jerusalem , and Gaza Strip , Israel misuses U.S. weapons in violation of U.S. law to kill and injure Palestinian civilians , destroy Palestinian civilian infrastructure , blockade the Gaza Strip , and build illegal settlements in West Bank and East Jerusalem .
How much of this total will your community provide ?
Is this a good use of your tax dollars ?
What else could your taxes be used for in your community ?
Find out on the interactive map below .
NOTE : The map below displays data at the state level .
To change the map to see your Congressional district , county , and city data instead , click the button on the map marked " US Regions " and select the layer you want .
Please zoom in on the map for county and city data .
Counties and cities with less than 20,000 people are not included in the map .
FEATURED NEWS
First things first :
No , this is n’t a release date announcement .
It ’s a progress report !
The first of a few we ’re planning for the next few weeks , in fact .
It ’s been a while since we talked about the state of The Silver Lining , and we ’d like to let you know some of the things going on behind - the - scenes .
One of the reasons for the slow updates is that much of the work that ’s been done in the last year is n’t the very glamorous kind .
Much of game development is programming ( over and over and over ) , fixing bugs ( over and over and over ) , exporting animations , rigging , scripting , tweaking , over and over and …you get the idea .
In fact , that stuff is the meat of game development , if I ’m quite honest .
This year , our TSL work has been focused on the non-glamorous nuts and bolts .
In particular , we ’ve been making pipeline improvements .
Meaning that we ’ve been improving our own workflow and the tools we use in order to make said nuts and bolts work better and work for us .
For example :
Cloth simulation
Facial capture and lip-syncing
Online VR mocap systems
Puzzle tweaking
What each of these entails I ’ll go into when we cover them in more detail , but at a high level , here ’s the scoop .
Cloth simulation .
This one even puzzled me for a while .
Sure , every game dev prides themselves on pushing the envelope , honing their craft , making each game better than the last .
But we do n’t want the look of Ep 5 to stray so far from the previous episodes that it ’s jarring , and we ’re not trying to match AAA quality .
But if you ’ve been playing TSL , you may have noticed it ’s a little fixated on these people who love wearing cloaks !
And what do cloaks do when you move ?
They also move .
And what ’s a pain in the butt to animate in every single animation you create for a person in a cloak ?
The animation of their cloak !
You know what helps with that ?
A tool that handles the animation of the cloth for you !
( All of this is also a roundabout way of saying , you ’re going to see a lot more of people in the Black and Silver Cloak Societies in Episode 5 than you did previously ! )
Facial capture and lip syncing .
Much like the cloth simulator , this is a tool that , once implemented , makes animating a lot easier .
We have tools that already form a character ’s mouth roughly to the sounds of the words , but we still need to plan their expression as they speak , and program those expressions in .
Facial capture lets you skip a lot of that by recording the expression of the actor when they read the lines .
Now , an added challenge for us is that we recorded all these lines years ago , and without filming the actors , so to get this to work , someone needs to re-read the lines so their face can be captured .
And you know how wordy we are– when else has a game had to offer a “ Short Narrations ” option ?
So this re-recording takes a while , especially when you ’ve got busy schedules and different time zones to work around .
Online VR mocap systems .
Full motion capture is just like the facial capture , but it takes a lot more people and a lot more space .
Here we ’ve got the added challenges of needing physical space to move in , cameras to capture the movement from many angles , and the fact that the person with the cameras and space and the actors lives in a totally different time zone ( country , even ! ) from the person directing the acting .
And Phoenix , as you know , is an online company without a physical office .
So how do we solve this ?
Create a virtual space where everyone can be at the same time !
With the use of VR tools and headsets , it ’s like everyone is in the same place and watching one another live , even seeing the animation on the character model practically live !
Instant tweaking and adjustments become possible !
There ’s still that scheduling issue , of course , and the sheer volume of animations to get through .
Puzzle tweaking .
The puzzles of Episode 5 were designed a while ago , but often when you ’re working through implementing puzzles in - game , you find you need to make adjustments .
We ’ve held some brainstorming sessions to address this exact issue , finding ways to keep the puzzles interesting and true to the world and gameplay we ’ve established , but also work within the game engine and the ‘ physical ’ world of the game .
I do n’t want to give away too much here , since we ’re talking about the meat and potatoes of the game , but I will say a forced perspective of distance posed a problem when a distant object that needed to be interacted with proved to be further away due to the scene setup than we thought it was thanks to looking much closer due to the angle of the camera .
Moving the camera did n’t work as a solution , because everything else was framed up where we needed it , so we had to find a way to fit fewer objects in a smaller space that was in fact a much larger space .
Basically , game design is like a TARDIS , sometimes !
In the coming weeks , we ’ll gather and share some more of the ‘ flashy ’ examples of some of these things and go into some more details .
Thanks as always for coming along on this journey with us !
~ Katie
Socialite 's lawyers release statement
Peaches Geldof has strongly denied allegations she went on a drugs binge last year .
A US student , known only as Ben , claims he had a one - night stand with the socialite in LA in November and that they tried heroin together .
He has posted photos of a nude Peaches and a detailed description of their alleged sex session on the Reddit.com site .
Now lawyers for Peaches , 21 , who is dating director Eli Roth , 37 , have released a statement .
‘ The incident and photos concern private issues and activity ; the photographs were taken for private purposes only , ’ her lawyers tell the Daily Mail .
‘ The allegations that our client was carrying and injecting heroin are denied , our client having consumed alcohol with the other individual leading to the “ highs ” described and portrayed in the photographs . ’
Peaches divorced rocker Max Drummey last year .
PHOTO GALLERY Peaches Geldof strips off for Miss Ultimo lingerie range >>
SEE PICTURES
Peaches Geldof shows off her wedding ring >>
LINGERIE PICTURES Peaches Geldof models Miss Ultimo >>
Peaches Geldof marries at 19 >>
" An Obama administration will require companies to send Medicare Part D beneficiaries a complete list of the drugs the individual used the past year as well as the pertinent fees paid the previous year .
Companies will also be required to provide seniors with online versions of this information , so that they can use it at a third - party comparison shopping site , similar to Priceline.com . "
You know the saying : where there ’s smoke , there ’s fire .
DigiTimes claims to have learned of Intel ’s schedule for upcoming 6 - series chipsets .
This schedule likely applies to Intel ’s next - gen Sandy Bridge processors , as well , since previous reports tell us the upcoming CPUs will require those chipsets .
According to DigiTimes , the 6 - series chipset family will roll out some time during the first quarter of 2011 .
The lineup will include Q67 , Q65 , B65 , H67 and P67 offerings .
Reportedly , the latter two will target " the consumer market , " much like the H55 and P55 do today .
Motherboards based on those chipsets could be backward - compatible with existing Core i3 , Core i5 , and Core i7 - 800 processors .
The same story that tied Sandy Bridge to 6 - series chipsets also suggested Sandy Bridge desktop processors will have LGA1156 packages .
A first - quarter release for Sandy Bridge could put some pressure on AMD , which continues to quote a vague 2011 release time frame for Bulldozer , its own next - gen , 32 - nm CPU architecture .
We may see AMD ’s 32 - nm Llano design in the early part of that same year , though , since it ’s based on the same architecture as the Phenom II .
AMD seems intent on working out the kinks with GlobalFoundries ’ 32 - nm SOI process using a known architecture before attempting to mass - produce Bulldozer .
PARIS is the most expensive city to live in according to the latest survey from Economist Intelligence Unit , a sister company to The Economist .
The survey assesses the cost of living by comparing housing , food , clothing , transport and utility bills and the like in 132 cities around the world .
Tokyo comes second , up from sixth place a year ago .
The fall in Russia 's currency against the dollar has made Moscow cheaper than it once was .
Microsoft has removed the Birds Eye imagery for this map .
You may wish to switch to the Google Maps view instead .
Companies of every size are feeling the pressure to conduct their business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner .
Who wants to do business with a company that allows toxic waste to leech into the soil , pollute water supplies and cause birth defects ?
Did you ever stop to think that your old computer equipment -- your e-waste -- could end up doing just that in third world countries ?
Read on to learn how to select a responsible recycler that is certified to conduct its business in a manner designed to protect people and the environment .
How many computers and associated peripheral devices are under your management scope ?
Five hundred ?
Five thousand ?
Fifty thousand ?
Whatever the number , it represents a lot of sophisticated circuitry housed in sturdy plastic and metal cases .
You take great care in specifying the details of the equipment as it comes in the front door .
Are you equally as careful when it 's going out the back door at its end of life ?
Used equipment is full of toxic e-waste ; do you know where it is ending up ?
What does a real green data center look like ?
The Basel Action Network ( BAN wants every owner and user of computers and other electronic equipment to be aware of the final dispensation of the hazardous components inside their old equipment .
BAN is a global organization that is confronting the issue of environmental injustice of toxic trade and its devastating impact on people and the land .
BAN is working to prevent the dumping of e-waste in the world 's poorest villages and promoting the green , toxic free and democratic design of consumer products .
I recently spoke with Jim Puckett , executive director of BAN , who wants to call attention to the issue of responsible recycling .
Puckett says that many companies never consider what happens to their equipment once they consign it to a recycler or scrap dealer .
In many instances , and especially when the recycling proposal is low - balled , the equipment is simply exported overseas , where it is recklessly handled in ways that harm people and the environment .
To see what happens to such equipment , view these photos or video .
More videos are available from 60 Minutes here and from Frontline here .
So what can you do about the problem ?
Two things , according to Puckett .
First , choose your recycler carefully when decommissioning old equipment , and second , put pressure on your hardware manufacturers to adopt more environmentally friendly designs .
When it comes to choosing the company that will take away and recycle your e-waste , " think bigger than bean counting , " Puckett says .
Look beyond the dollar cost of the contract to understand precisely what the recycler is going to do with the hazardous components ( like the circuit boards that contain mercury and lead ) .
There are two industry standards for electronics recycling .
Make sure your recycler agrees to follow one of the standards .
The first is called Responsible Recycling Practices for Electronic Recyclers , or R2 for short .
R2 was originally developed by a broad group of stakeholders , including BAN , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and many of the country 's largest electronics manufacturers .
The R2 standard is really more like a set of guidelines that provide responsible recycling practices for use in accredited certification programs that assess electronics recyclers ' environmental , health and safety , and security practices .
Recyclers that adhere to this set of practices are doing so on a voluntary basis .
In addition , R2 is a U.S. - only standard that may conflict with legal standards in other countries .
Because of this , some of the original backers of R2 are now throwing their support to the more stringent global standard called e-Stewards Standard for Responsible Recycling and Reuse of Electronic Equipment , or simply e-Stewards for short .
The e-Stewards standard is now championed by BAN and is accepted internationally as ISO 14001 .
The regulations are much more detailed than those of R2 and encompass global needs , not just those of the United States .
Recyclers can get certified that they meet the requirements of either R2 or e-Stewards .
Before you sign your contract with your preferred recycler , you should verify the company 's certification status .
This is your way of knowing that your business partner has agreed to handle your e-waste in a socially and environmentally responsible way .
Be sure the recycler 's processes adhere to your own company 's social responsibility policy .
To find a recycler that holds the e-Stewards certification , go here .
To find a recycler adhering to R2 , visit here .
Reddit ist ein Social - News - Aggregator , eine Website , auf der registrierte Benutzer Inhalte einstellen bzw .
anbieten können .
Ein Inhalt kann entweder aus einem Link , einem Video , einem Bild , einer Umfrage oder einem Textbeitrag bestehen .
Andere ...
VANCOUVER OLYMPICS - NICE PRICES , PROFITEER ( GOUGER ) RESTAURANT LISTINGS
This will be the new sorta - official list space for the Vancouver Olympics # 2010 niceprices and # 2010 profiteers ( or 2010 profiteer ) listings .
What is this all about ?
Please read the full blog post detailing Vancouver consumers ' watchdogging of local businesses doing bad things to our city 's reputation , as well as those who are treating tourists ( and locals ) fairly during these Winter Olympics .
Please feel free to copy , post , reprint these listings on your website .
If you do so , please keep the sources intact , and note , this list will be updating daily .
And now onto the listings .
Vancouver 2010 Nice Price Restaurants / Bars etc
Edited February 24 , 12:30 am
These are businesses that have either committed to having prices as usual policies during the Olympics ( including gratuity policies ) , or have been noticed by locals to have stable pricing .
If you find one , or want it on this list , please do so via twitter , using the hashtag # 2010 niceprices .
Six new additions , but only one in Yaletown - which is depressing .
NEW - Subeez Cafe , 891 Homer , Yaletown Great prices , no auto gratuity ( one of the few Yaletown busineses to have # 2010 niceprices ! ) .
( source : @ Network_Guy )
NEW - Sammy J. Peppers , Granville Island - prices stable , NO auto gratuity charged .
( source : @hfguiere )
NEW - Ouisi Bistro , 3014 Granville Street - no price raises , great specials during Olympics , no auto gratuity .
( source : me visiting ) .
NEW - Alibi Room , 157 Alexander in Gastown , prices stable , specials in effect , no auto gratuity , no cover charge .
( source : @CAMRA_YVR )
NEW - On the Edge Pub , 303 Columbia Street ( Gastown ) , Great prices ( eg - $ 5.35 for 18 oz of Phillips Blue Buck ) , no auto gratuity .
( source : @ilford )
NEW - Black Frog Eatery , 108 Cambie Street , Gastown -
No price increases , no auto gratuity , great beer prices in effect ( as usual ) .
( source : @loxyisme )
Pacific Culinary Institute , Granville Island - a favourite " secret " haunt of Vancouver locals , all prices etc as per normal even though Gastown is Olympics Crazy !
( source : @ SurreyMarket )
Irish Heather , Gastown no price increases , no cover , no auto gratuity - business as usual at this hopping Gastown favourite ( source : @ StephenLambie )
Salt Tasting Room , Blood Alley , Gastown - no increased prices , specials as per usual , no autogratuity .
( source - personal visit )
Main Street Eateries on S. Main - word from a Main Street Restaurateur is that most , if not all Main St. eateries having prices as usual , no auto gratuities - Go Main Street dining !
( source : @ LatitudeonMain )
Urban Thai Bistro - Yaletown - featuring " as usual " happy hour , dishes under $ 5 , no auto gratuity .
Yay !
( Source : @urbandiner )
Phat Sandwiches - Yaletown - nominal price increases , but Vancouver loyalty cards for locals to give a price break during Olympics .
( was formely on negative list based on incorrect information via twitter ) .
( Source : Global News Hour )
Au Petit Chavignol - nice discounts on weekends on fondues , wines during Olympics . ( source : @petitchauvignol )
Incendio Pizza in Gastown - prices " as per usual " during Olympics , no autograt .
( source : @ IncendioPizza , @ SBonnerABV )
Milestone's in Yaletown - prices kept stable , $ 8 breakfast is available everyday .
( source : @tellytelly
The Whip - 7th near Main has maintained their prices , service during Olympics . ( source : @cbjerrisgaard )
The Diamond in Gastown has prices more or less stable .
( source - me visiting )
Irashai Grill in Coal Harbour has promised to keep prices neutral during Olympics ! ( source : @ Irashai )
Campagnolo on Main Street - reported to have no price increases , same service as always during Olympics .
( source : @campagnolomain )
Refuel Restaurant and Bar keeping prices stable for some awesome food and drink .
( source : same as previous )
Amarcord Ristorante of Yaletown - prices stable , no autogratuity for Yaletown !
Yay !
( direct from Restaurateur )
Provence Marinaside - removed - auto gratuity , realised it was bad policy - go Provence !
Corner Suite Bistro Deluxe , Thurlow at Alberni - no automatic gratuity , " launch " pricing in effect ( they just opened ) , great service , killer deep bartending staff .
( source : me , visiting ) .
Vancouver 2010 Profiteer Restaurants , Bars , Etc .
Edited February 24 , 12:30 am
These are places identified as having excessive price increases , auto gratuity policies during the Olympics , or both .
If you have a business to add , please do so via Twitter using the hashtag # 2010 profiteers ( or 2010 profiteer ) .
As a consumer , what can you do about these policies ?
My advice is to drop in , ask to speak to the manager , and make it clear you do n't support Olympic price raising and do not support auto gratuities .
Then boycott these businesses - permanently - if they do n't change the policies within the next few days .
We need to let these restaurants know that , as consumers , we wo n't support businesses long term who are seeking short term profiteering gains that damage our city 's reputation and rip off consumers .
I am also now adding links to these restaurant 's Yelp Reviews - IF you visit these restaurants , and IF you are charged # profiteer items , I encourage you to write an objective review of the restaurant , including comments about auto gratuities and raised prices .
NEW - Academic Public House , 1619 West Broadway - 20 % auto gratuity on all bills , prices raised on menu ( source : @kafkascoffeetea , @ MattsMedia )
NEW - The Hub , 1165 Mainland St - 18 % auto gratuity , inflated ( $ 21 ) pitcher of beer prices ( source : @ AndreaWoo )
NEW - Fairmont Hotel Restaurant , - $ 34 for breakfast buffet - not sure if this is a big price jump or not , but it 's bloody expensive .
( source : @willisturner )
NEW - El Furniture Warehouse , 989 Granville Street , 18 % auto gratuity , " attitude " applied by staff if locals questioned it .
( source : @ TiaSparkles )
NEW - Cafe Crepe , Granville & Robson Locations - 15 % auto gratuity added to all bills .
( source : @ AndreaWoo )
NEW - Lolita 's Restaurant , 1326 Davie Street - 18 % auto gratuity ( or as many are now calling it , " Olympic Tax " ( perhaps that should be " privateer Olympic Tax " ) ) on all bills , and reports of jacked up prices .
( source : @asml )
NEW - Society Dining Lounge , 1257 Hamilton Street ( Yaletown ) - 20 % (!!!)
Automatic Gratuity added to all bills .
Additionally , lots of shenanigans with reservations - apparently you have to order the $ 59 set menu , and leave your CC ( to be pre-charged , incl. auto gratuity we 're guessing ) for each person in your reserved party .
( source : Yelp commenter Mac D. ) ( nb - Social is part of the Glowbal group - most , if not all Glowbal restaurants have enforced a 20 % auto gratuity during the Olympics ) .
NEW - Section 3 Restaurant , 1039 Mainland Street , Yaletown - 20 % auto gratuity ( also a report on Yelp about staff not informing about auto gratuity , and locals double - tipping as a result ) ; reports of price increases ( source - various twitter , also Yelp Forum )
NEW - Bean Around the World , various downtown locations - 20 % premium charged to " tourists " ; local purportedly given a card to say they 're local and get a discounted price .
( source : CTV News ) ( ed.note : take it from a coffee expert - their coffee is mediocre , and you can do much , much better in this city ) .
NEW - Cafe Medina , 556 Beatty Street - 15 % automatic gratuity put on all bills ; staff not informing customers ( leading to some double tipping scenarios ) .
( source : Yelp commenters Emily S. and Dominique N. ) .
Simply Thai , Hamilton Street , Yaletown - 18 % automatic gratuity applied to all bills .
( source : Yelp Reviewer Luisa D. )
Moxie 's Grill , Georgia Street , Bute Street ( possibly Davie too ? ) - 15 % automatic gratuity added to all bills .
( source : @trevin )
Granville Room Bar , Granville Street - 17 % automatic gratuity on all bills ( source : Yelp Reviewer Hubert F. )
All Glowbal Group Restaurants / Bars in downtown Vancouver have 18 - 20 % auto gratuity on all bills with unconfirmed reports of raised prices on alcoholic beverages , up 30 % ( source : Various local media , incl CKNW )
George Lounge , Yaletown - 18 % automatic gratuity ( confirmed ) , price raises of up to 30 % on alcoholic beverages ( reports of $ 2 - - $ 4 increases , not confirmed publicy ) .
( source : @twowheelgeek )
Chambar Restaurant , Beaty Street - 18 % auto gratuity added to all bills .
( source : @philwalston
Lickerish Restaurant , 1177 Hornby - undertermined auto gratuity ( someone please get the rate ) .
( source : @leigh_patterson )
Morrissey Irish Bar and Restaurant , 1227 Granville Street - 18 % gratuity on all bills ( source : Yelp Commenter Evilyn 13 T )
The Keg , Yaletown - yet another chain business with an 18 % auto gratuity during the Olympics .
( source : @ TamaraHarvey )
Cactus Club - Burrard - 18 % auto gratuity on all bills , have to assume all other downtown Cactus Clubs have same policy ( source : @ TiaSparkles
Hapa Izakawa Yaletown location Another place with an 18 % automatic gratuity added to all bills ( source : @YVRMark )
Cambie Bar and Grill , $ 10 cover ( something new - has not have covercharge before ) .
( source : @ OnlineStrategy )
Earls Restaurants , Yaletown , Robson , Hornby .
Earls has gone on record as stating they were eliminating their 20 % auto gratuity ; however visitors to Earls Yaletown reported still seeing the charge on their bills the day after Earls stated they were removing it .
So Earls - 20 % auto gratuity , and up to 20 % price increases .
Very bad .
( source : various , incl Twitter , Global News Hour , Vancouver Sun )
Red Card Sports Bar , Seymour & Smithe - 18 % auto gratuity added to all drink bills ( source : @yvrmark )
Elephant and Castle , Burrard - 18 % auto gratuity added to all bills " for your convenience " .
( source : @iford )
Glowbal Grill Restaurant - Yaletown - 20 % automatic gratuity added to all food bills .
( source : Global News Hour )
Steamworks Bar / Restaurant - Gastown . 18 % automatic gratuity ; local customers have noted " significant " price increases to menus ; I called Steamworks asked about pricing / autogratuity , and was put on hold indefinitely .
( source : @ JonJennings )
Megabite Pizza - 100 % increase in slice prices downtown .
( source : Global News Hour confrimed , Twitter various )
Amended Feb 24 : Dix Brewery BBQ - 17 % auto gratuity " may " be added to bill .
( source : @ GingerLiz , comment by Dix BBQ rep in comments on this site )
Library Square Public
House is charging $ 5 cover , $ 18.48 for a domestic pitcher and 20 % autogratuity .
( source : Vancouver Sun )
Hamilton Street Grill - Yaletown , 18 % automatic gratuity on all bills .
( source : Vancouver Sun )
Unfortunately , I expect the above list to grow .
What can you , as someone local to Vancouver do about this ?
If you 're a patron of one of the businesses above , do n't just boycott them , let them know ( politely , please ! ) your feelings about these price gouging policies .
Failing that , take your business elsewhere - permanently .
These things give Vancouver a black eye .
Unsavoury bonus gougers :
German Fan Fest ( next to Steamworks , Seabus Station ) $ 9 beers .
( source - personal visit )
Doolins / Irish
House also another major rip off , and not officially Irish " house " during Olympics .
Large cover charge , expensive beer .
( source - various twitter posts )
Downtown Hot Dog Carts - price increases of $ 1.50 to $ 2 on most hot dogs ( from $ 3.50 - $ 6 to $ 5 - $ 8 now during Olympics ) .
Also be wary - many ATMs in Olympic -y areas are charging up to $ 5 for service fees .
A win for Davis Manafort
( Ukrainian Presidential candidate Victor Yanukovych ( AP ) ) .
The firm of John McCain 's campaign manager , Rick Davis , is poised to pull off a major victory in the Ukraine , bringing to power the pro-Russian , anti-Western former prime minister whose victory five years ago was thrown out as fraudulent triggered the country 's " Orange Revolution " five years ago .
Davis himself has always said he did n't work on the account , leaving it to his partner , Paul Manafort .
But the financial relationship between McCain 's aide and a political campaign deeply tied to Russia — which McCain has always deeply distrusted — was an oddity of the '08 campaign .
Manafort spoke to The New York Times 's Clifford Levy last month , casting the campaign — and his firm 's makeover of Victor Yanukovich — in classic American political terms .
“ Despite the great expectations from the Orange campaign promises of five years ago , the world and the people of Ukraine see that [ Yulia ] Tymoshenko has failed , ” he said .
Now , with most of the votes counted , he appears to have helped restore to Ukraine the Russian hegemony McCain has spent much of his career battling .
Next year will be even better .
As PaidContent 's David Kaplan observes , at the top of the New York Times , it was a very good year .
( In the newsroom ?
Not so much . )
In total ‘ 09 , [ Chairman Arthur ] Sulzberger ’s compensation was $ 5,986,738 , more than double the $ 2,331,599 he earned last year .
His base salary for last year was $ 1,046,238 .
[ CEO Janet ]
Robinson did even better , earning a total of $ 6,262,755 , which included a base salary of $ 962,500 , for a significant 31.9 percent rise in earnings over last year ’s $ 4,753,314 .
Read more at PaidContent »
We wrote here about the consequences of Obamacare that are beginning to be felt , even before its provisions are implemented : Caterpillar said Obamacare will cost it an additional $ 100 million in the first year ; Medtronic warned that the new tax on its products “ could force it to lay off a thousand workers ; ” Verizon told its employees that it “ will likely have to cut healthcare benefits to offset the new costs ; ” and AT&T announced that it will record a $ 1 billion non-cash expense in the first quarter and “ will be evaluating prospective changes to the active and retiree health care benefits offered by the company . ”
These announcements are the tip of the iceberg ; hundreds like them will follow as Obamacare becomes a reality .
Congressional Democrats , evidently stung by the bad publicity , are trying to strike back .
A reader writes :
Good post on the true cost of ObamaCare .
But it gets better : the Dems are now shaking down CEOs who do n’t get with the program .
In the attached letter , Henry Waxman not only orders the CEOs of AT&T , Caterpillar , Deere & Co , and Verizon to testify before the Energy and Commerce Committee , but also to produce internal analyses and emails related to their statements .
They do n’t expressly subpoena the CEOs , so we can hope that they tell the Dems to GFY , though somehow I doubt that will happen .
The Dems sent these letters to the Republicans on the committee after 6 pm tonight with no advance notice or prior cooperation .
Here is the letter Waxman sent to the Chairman of AT&T ; the others are similar .
Click to enlarge :
In my original post , I wondered why these companies had not spoken out sooner , when it could have done some good .
I suppose this is the answer : they know how vindictive the Democrats are .
The Democrats ’ reaction would have been even more hostile ( and more dangerous to the companies ’ well - being ) if they had dared to blow the whistle on Obamacare before Congress voted .
Except of course that it is not .
An outbreak of protectionism is just what the still - fragile economic recovery does n't need .
China makes an easy scapegoat for America 's ills , but it is not the cause , nor would making it revalue its currency provide the solution .
The debate is echoed in Europe , where Germany – an exporter second only to China – finds itself blamed for the eurozone crisis .
If only Germany would make itself less competitive , if only Germany would save , invest and export less , then everybody else would be fine .
The virtuous find themselves depicted as the villainous .
If the argument were not so perverse , it would be laughable .
Since arriving in Canada
I 've been accused of thought crimes , threatened with criminal prosecution for speeches I had n't yet given , and denounced on the floor of the Parliament ( which was nice because that one was on my " bucket list " ) .
Posters advertising my speech have been officially banned , while posters denouncing me are plastered all over the University of Ottawa campus .
Elected officials have been prohibited from attending my speeches .
Also , the local clothing stores are fresh out of brown shirts .
Welcome to Canada !
The provost of the University of Ottawa , average student IQ : 0 , wrote to me -- widely disseminating his letter to at least a half - dozen intermediaries before it reached me -- in advance of my visit in order to recommend that I familiarize myself with Canada 's criminal laws regarding hate speech .
This marks the first time I 've ever gotten hate mail for something I might do in the future .
Apparently Canadian law forbids " promoting hatred against any identifiable group , " which the provost , Francois A .
Houle advised me , " would not only be considered inappropriate , but could in fact lead to criminal charges . "
I was given no specific examples of what words and phrases I could n't use , but I take it I 'm not supposed to say , " F --- you , Francois . "
While it was a relief to know that it is still permissible in Canada to promote hatred against unidentifiable groups , upon reading Francois ' letter , I suddenly realized that I had just been the victim of a hate crime !
And it was committed by Francois A. Houle ( French for " Frank A. Hole " ) .
What other speakers get a warning not to promote hatred ?
Did Francois A. Houle send a similarly worded letter to Israel - hater Omar Barghouti before he spoke last year at U of Ottawa ?
( " Ottawa " : Indian for " Land of the Bed- Wetters . " )
How about Angela Davis , Communist Party member and former Black Panther who spoke at the University of Zero just last month ?
Or do only conservatives get letters admonishing them to be civil ?
Or -- my suspicion -- is it only conservative women who fuel Francois ' rage ?
How about sending a letter to all Muslim speakers advising them to please bathe once a week while in Canada ?
Would that constitute a hate crime ?
I 'm sure Canada 's Human Rights Commission will get to the bottom of Francois ' strange warning to me , inasmuch as I will be filing a complaint with that august body , so I expect they will be reviewing every letter the university has sent to other speakers prior to their speeches to see if any of them were threatened with criminal prosecution .
Both writer Mark Steyn and editor Ezra Levant have been investigated by the Human Rights Commission for promoting hatred toward Muslims .
Levant 's alleged crime was to reprint the cartoons of Mohammed originally published in a Danish newspaper , leading practitioners of the Religion of Peace to engage in murderous violence across the globe .
Steyn's alleged crime was to publish an excerpt of his book , " America Alone " in Maclean 's magazine , in which he jauntily described Muslims as " hot for jihad . "
Both of them also flew jet airliners full of passengers into skyscrapers in lower Manhattan , resulting in thousands of deaths .
No , wait -- that was somebody else .
Curiously , however , there was no evidence that either the cartoons or the column did , in fact , incite hatred toward Muslims -- nor was there the remotest possibility that they would .
By contrast , conservative speakers are regularly subjected to violent attacks on college campuses .
Bill Kristol , Pat Buchanan , David Horowitz and I have all been the targets of infamous campus attacks .
That 's why the Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute ( a sponsor of my Canada speeches ) and the Young America 's Foundation ( a sponsor of many of my college speeches ) do n't send conservatives to college campuses without a bodyguard .
You 'd have to be a real A - Houle not to anticipate that accusing a conservative of " promoting hatred " prior to her arrival on a college campus would in actuality -- not in liberal fantasies of terrified Muslims cowering in terror of Mark Steyn readers -- incite real - world violence toward the conservative .
The university itself acknowledged that Francois ' letter was likely to provoke violence against me by demanding -- long after my speech was scheduled , but immediately after Francois disseminated his letter -- that my sponsors pony up more than $ 1,200 for extra security .
Also following Francois ' letter , the Ottawa University Student Federation met for 7 1/2 hours to hammer out a series of resolutions denouncing me .
The resolutions included :
" Whereas Ann Coulter is a hateful woman ;
" Whereas she has made hateful comments against GLBTQ , Muslims , Jews and women ;
" Whereas she violates an unwritten code of ' positive - space ' ;
" Be it resolved that the SFUO express its disapproval of having Ann Coulter speak at the University of Ottawa . "
At least the students did n't waste 7 1/2 hours on something silly , like their studies .
At the risk of violating anyone 's positive space , what happened to Canada ?
How did the country that gave us Jim Carrey , Mike Myers , Martin Short , Dan Aykroyd and Catherine O'Hara suddenly become a bunch of whining crybabies ?
After Tuesday night , the hatred incited by Francois ' letter is no longer theoretical .
The police called off my speech when the auditorium was surrounded by thousands of rioting liberals -- screaming , blocking the entrance , throwing tables , demanding that my books be burned , and finally setting off the fire alarm .
Sadly , I missed the book burning because I never made it to the building .
But , reportedly , a Canadian crowd has n't been this excited since they opened a new Tim Hortons .
Local reporters could n't make out what the crowd was chanting , but it was something about " Molson " and a " sled dog . "
I 've given more than 100 college speeches , and not once has one of my speeches been shut down at any point .
Even the pie-throwing incident at the University of Arizona did n't break up the event .
I said " Get them ! " , the college Republicans got them , and then I continued with my rambling , hate - filled diatribe -- I mean , my speech .
So we 've run this experiment more than 100 times .
Only one college speech was ever met with so much mob violence that the police were forced to cancel it :
The one that was preceded by a letter from the university provost accusing me of hate speech .
( To add insult to injury , Francois did n't even plan to attend my speech because Tuesday is his bikini wax night . )
If a university official 's letter accusing a speaker of having a proclivity to commit speech crimes before she 's given the speech -- which then leads to Facebook postings demanding that Ann Coulter be hurt , a massive riot and a police - ordered cancellation of the speech -- is not hate speech , then there is no such thing as hate speech .
Either Francois goes to jail or the Human Rights Commission is a hoax and a fraud .
Ahmad Sani Yerima oversaw the introduction of Sharia in Zamfara State Nigeria 's Senate has ordered an investigation into reports that one of its members has married a 13 - year - old Egyptian girl .
Ahmad Sani Yerima , 49 , is alleged to have married her at the national mosque in Abuja several weeks ago .
Senators called for the investigation after receiving a petition by protesting women 's groups , who believe Mr Sani has broken the law .
The senator has not spoken publicly about the reports of his marriage .
The BBC's Caroline Duffield , in Lagos , says Nigeria 's human rights commission has already begun an investigation .
Mr Sani was the governor of Zamfara state , where he oversaw the introduction of Sharia law - for the first time in a northern state - in 1999 .
Legal action
Our correspondent says reports of the marriage - appearing in newspapers - are creating a storm among human rights groups .
This very evil act should not be seen to be perpetrated by one of our distinguished legislators
Mma Wokocha
Women 's Medical Association head
The female senators , lawyers and doctors who are protesting say that they fear for the child 's health .
" What we are concerned with is that our minors , the girl child , should be allowed to mature , before going into marriage , " Mma Wokocha , President of the Women 's Medical Association and one of those behind the petition , told the BBC .
" This very evil act should not be seen to be perpetrated by one of our distinguished legislators ... that is what we are saying . ''
The senator is reported to have paid a dowry of $ 100,000 ( £ 66,000 ) to the child 's parents - and to have brought the girl into Nigeria from Egypt .
The women 's groups want Mr Sani to be taken to court , to face a fine and a jail sentence .
Our reporter says the whereabouts of the teenager are unknown - and it is not clear whether she has any parent or guardian with her .
Newspaper reports have also accused the senator of having previously married a 15 - year - old girl in 2006 .
The investigation is to be carried out by a Senate committee .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Linus merged the Ceph for 2.6.34 this morning , which means the next kernel release will be able to mount a Ceph file system without any additional patches or modifications .
This is a pretty big milestone for us , and we ’re excited !
The next few weeks will be spent hammering out client bugs and polishing the v0.20 release .
Phoenix police have arrested a teenager in connection with one of two cases where lasers were pointed at police helicopters in the past week , partly blinding a pilot .
Police arrested a 14 - year - old boy in one incident but were still looking for a suspect in a second incident .
Video
Two officers were on air patrol near 12th Street and Cave Creek Road about 1 a.m.
Monday when their helicopter was hit with a green laser from below .
The light from the laser blurred the vision of the pilot , who was forced to land at a nearby elementary school .
A second crew had to be driven to the scene to replace the two officers , and the aircraft was flown back to Deer Valley Airport .
The suspects were never found .
About 8 p.m. Tuesday , two officers were assisting with a felony search in a helicopter near Thomas Road and 67th Avenue when they were hit with a red laser from the ground .
Officers on the ground were able to find the suspect , a 14 - year - old boy .
He and a friend were detained by police .
The 14 - year - old boy apparently admitted to knowingly pointing the laser at a police helicopter , police said .
He was taken to the Juvenile Correction Center and may face charges of aggravated assault .
The officer from Monday 's incident was still recovering Wednesday .
His vision is slowly coming back .
Phoenix police warned residents of the dangers of shining lasers at any aircraft .
In May 2009 a student from Arizona State University was arrested in connection with the same type of crime and since then , Phoenix has had 12 incidents of lasers being pointed at police aircraft .
" We will arrest and seek prosecution for any person who interferes with an aircraft in flight , " the statement said .
" Both aggravated assault and endangerment are Class 6 felonies and are the minimum charges for this offense .
This is not about prosecution , it is about public safety . "
No updates about the ASU student were available .
Too much coffee mixed with Coast to Coast AM can lead to mild anxiety and paranoia , but fear not , it subsides when the caffeine high does .
READER COMMENTS ON
" New Hampshire Town Citizens Prohibit Concealed Vote Counting by Computers or Any Other Method "
( 38 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 3/14/2010 @ 12:25 pm PT ...
The threat of votes being tampered with is high now , because several towns were voting on revisiting the events of 9 -11 - 01 , a new investigation .
We can be sure all maneuvers to prevent that from happening will be deployed .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Kmac said on 3/14/2010 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
This article only brings to mind that the 2004 election was won by fraudulent voting tabulations in Ohio and gave Bush an additional 4 years to totally drive our nation into unbelievable debt .
The Repubs are going to try anything they can think of to win back seats and control Congress in 2010 ... safety devices to eliminate this possiblity need to be in place nationally before that date !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/14/2010 @ 1:31 pm PT ...
This is what I like about NH .
" Live free or die ! "
We have community volunteers counting our ballots in full public view and it does n't cost the town a dime .
One objection to hand - counting that I 've read has been the prohibitive cost .
Glad to hear that one debunked !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/14/2010 @ 1:35 pm PT ...
Sorry ---
I do n't remember hitting " bold . "
That could come off if you get the chance .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 3/14/2010 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
Actual people counting actual ballots in a town named Lyndeborough ... and the captcha was a numerical palindrome ...
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/14/2010 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
Hey ya Kmac # 2 , I was just thinking to myself the other day , if it was n't for scalia interfering in a state 's federal election , we never would of had to suffer the damage or disgrace heaped upon this nation by idiotboy and dickless .
I have a dream ... scalia 's impeachment .
And let 's not forget their latest act of radical judicial activism , corporate funded elections .
Do n't ya just love those federalist society folks !
http://www.rightwingwatc...ntent/federalist-society
I swiped the link from a commenter over at Emptywheel .
An oh yeah , Adam Fullford was asking about frey 's boss cooley being diebold 's bitch ... well guess what he 's a federalist society member too .
Scroll down to The Merits of Continued Drug Prohibition , http://losangelesfedsoc.org/past_events
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/14/2010 @ 2:44 pm PT ...
Topically related news ...
Virginia Thomas the wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has launched a Tea Party group ...
Any illusions we had of judicial impartiality is now blown to hell .
Story link here
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/14/2010 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
Thank you , Nancy Tobi , for sharing this marvelous glance at what real democracy looks like .
While there appears to be no reason why every precinct in the nation could not emulate the citizens of Lyndeborough and individually count paper ballots , I 'm sure that the representatives of the e-voting cartel would raise their usual canard about efficiency .
I 'm wondering if you could share with us a couple of details that were left out of the video and piece , to wit :
The number of ballots counted in Lyndeborough on Election Night 2004 ; the time it took to complete the count .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/14/2010 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
Not to nit-pick , Ancient , but the link you provided reflects that LA DA Steve Cooley was an invited speaker at a Federalist Society function .
That does not necessarily mean that he is a " member . "
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/14/2010 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
You 're right Ernest , I guess that 's why your the lawyer and not me , huh ?
I 've been trying to find actual member list and the half empty web page is all I 've come up with so far .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/14/2010 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
This is a huge story , it could be the start of something nationwide .
And do n't mess with that guy with the white beard , holy shit !!!
Can you interview this dude ?
I think he 's my hero !!!
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/14/2010 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
And let 's see who comes along and is against this vote transparency to the citizens !
They may as well just say : " I AM THE VOTE HACKER " .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/14/2010 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
O! Lyndeborough , Lyndeborogh !
How your civic pride and loyal devotion to the body politic move me .
" Your neighbor 's votes are a precious thing in this democracy ... " makes me cry for what the rest of us have lost forever , perhaps deservedly for the ease with which we allowed it to be blunted from us .
For most , participatory democracy was overnight fleeced without so much as anyone even noticing - let alone taking proclamatory measures to prevent .
Has me thinking of retiring in reverse , heading up to New Hampshire , renting a room in a hand - counted paper ballot county , cheering for the Pats and talking local talk ' till I dutifully drop .
Great job , Nancy Tobi ( as always ) , you super - sharp - shooter , you .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Nancy Tobi said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:03 am PT ...
Ernest , hand counted elections only work if they are properly managed .
In NH we recommend teams of 4 : one person counting , another watching that person counting , one person tallying , another watching the person tallying .
On a typical general election ballot with 12 - 15 contests , you can typically count 1500 ballots in 3 hours using 5 or so teams of 4 .
Even paying $ 8/hr , this system is a heck of a lot cheaper than computerized systems .
In many NH towns people simply volunteer , and if the town pays them , they give the money back to the town .
Or it becomes some pocket change for folks who need it .
It 's recommended to have new teams come in at polls close so you do n't have only the poll workers , who have been there all day and are tired , doing the counting .
I 'll be posting the youtube of this Town Meeting vote soon .
You can see another hand count town ( Wilton ) on my youtube channel , which is HandsOnElections .
Bottom line : hand count election work when properly managed and when they are a community event where , as the wonderful Walter Holland says , " we handle our neighbor 's votes with care . "
Please find lots more information about laying the legal foundation for hand counting , and methodologies for managing hand counts in the Hands - on Elections Handbook here :
http://www.electiondefen..._election_admin_handbook
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 7:54 am PT ...
" On a typical general election ballot with 12 - 15 contests , you can typically count 1500 ballots in 3 hours using 5 or so teams of 4 . "
Congratulations to Nancy Tobi , Democracy for New Hampshire , and Lyndeborough .
I 'd suggest election integrity advocates who believe in hand counting take the sentence I quoted above to heart .
For every 1,500 cast ballots in your jurisdiction , get signatures and contact information from twenty voters ( thirty if you want a reasonable margin for those who drop out ) willing to promise their availability to count for four hours on election night after the polls close .
If you do that , I 'm not saying that registrars will let you hand count , but I will say that registrars will be far more inclined to listen to you .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/15/2010 @ 8:48 am PT ...
Thanks ,
Nancy .
The information and link you furnished are extraordinarily useful .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/15/2010 @ 9:13 am PT ...
Ernest ~
Great video that not only shows the NH Hand Count process from the 2008 Primary Recount - but how diligent the NH teams of are , how seriously they take their duty , and what happens when they encounter a strange anomaly and how quickly they bring it to bear .
In the following video , the counters are stumped because of a ballot sequencing irregularity ( this was after a rigorous chain of custody investigation by Blackboxvoting.org that showed some glaring problems ) :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPLFhCq1XnA
MANCHESTER WARD 5 : the video below examines the voting machine discrepancies ( in this case , Diebold ) in BOTH the Dem and Republican races from Manchester Ward 5 .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYz9O_SvIJI
I was delighted ( as an out of state , visiting election geek ) to be allowed to sit in with one of the teams to assist .
To see 50 - 70 volunteers hand counting paper ballots was truly a sight for sore hearts .
After months of fighting to find out what happened the missing ballots in Sarasota , Florida race that lost 18,412 votes on ES&S 's paperless DRE voting machines - New Hampshire seemed like some kind of snowy Heaven .
In comparing NH's hand counted wards to the machine counted wards , it was determined that the Diebold OPSCAN machines had a failure rate 163 times greater than allowed by Federal Law ( HAVA ) .
You 'll recall that one of the reasons a recount was called for was that NH 's machine counted wards gave Hillary and unexpected 16 point margin of victory over Obama ( because she got a little boo - hooey . )
But in the HAND COUNTED wards , Obama won . (*
Thanks to Karen from Illinois for all her dead accurate mathematical help understanding the complex shifting of votes from ward to ward .
Impossible numbers - in many cases produced more votes than voters , and more voters than votes . )
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... SilverFox said on 3/15/2010 @ 10:19 am PT ...
Computers can not be trusted .
Why do so many people want to trust technology that only makes it convenient for them rather than keep the human element involved ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 10:46 am PT ...
Ernest ,
How many hours have you volunteered to do counting drudge - work at your jurisdiction ?
Jeannie Dean ?
SilverFox ?
Brad ?
Chorus ?
Oh , I see .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Nancy Tobi said on 3/15/2010 @ 1:03 pm PT ...
@ Mitch : Counting " drudge work " ?
Are you kidding ?
We sometimes turn away volunteers because we have so many .
Which is more palatable to you , sir : coming together with your community to count ballots every now and then or sending trillions of your dollars to fund a war that kills your friends , family and neighbors and strangers you do n't know ?
Because that 's what you get when you lose representational democracy .
How much is it worth to you ?
And by the way , our community - based elections here in NH usually host community raffles , bake sales , and dinner for the counting teams .
It 's not drudge .
It 's fun , it 's important , and it 's our duty .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 1:15 pm PT ...
I completely agree , Nancy .
It just saddens me that there seems to be more folks out there willing to complain than willing to solve the problem , as you and your group have done .
In my experience , for every person willing to do the actual volunteer work , there are about ten willing to offer opinions , and hundreds willing to protest .
I think if all the people demanding hand counted paper ballots promised to show up to count , and followed through ONCE , many local registrars would be happy to switch to hand counting .
A lot of activists I know are too busy moving on to the next exciting thing to complain about , though , not doing the necessary work to solve the problem .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/15/2010 @ 4:32 pm PT ...
@ Mitch - I do n't know what crawled up your hole , but I 've actually spent a TON of man hours at my local elections board .
Your comment is especially inappropriate and unappreciated as I posted a goddamned VIDEO above that shows me volunteering to " hand count " in New Hampshire ( which I also spent money out of pocket to travel to do . )
How about before you sharpen your knives on us with your passive aggressive bullshit you actually review the info in the thread ?
With all due respect - how long are you gonna stay pissed at us all and continue to lash out inappropriately ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/15/2010 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
I also find it especially telling that you 've answered your own snarky question in # 21 without even waiting for a response .
So , I guess I can presume it was n't really a question at all , just an accusation .
Should n't have bothered answering you , Farkle - Doo .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/15/2010 @ 4:44 pm PT ...
Hey Mitch , ever since following this blog I volunteered to be a poll worker and wound up a judge of elections in a small precinct no one would take .
Does that qualify ?
I 've also helped in setting up local viewings of Uncoumted .
I gave testimony in our state 's case for emergency paper ballots last election .
An oh yeah , we won !
I guess my point is , it was the the incredible job Brad has done inspiring people with the truth about our elections that got me involved .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
Mitch , what have you done ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
More than Jeannie Dean .
It 's not passive aggressive bullshit , Ms. Dean , the bullshit is what I 've found in very very heaping piles from most members of the activist community .
If you 've actually gotten off your ass long enough to be part of a solution , rather than a vocal advocate for other people doing the job , well , congratulations .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
What I 've found is a group of people I actually trust LESS than government officials ... backstabbers , useless parasites , and people whose main interest is seeing their names in lights .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:25 pm PT ...
Well you should know by now Mitch , this is a blog where the evidence matters ... so I ask again , what have you done ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/15/2010 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Ancient ,
You 're completely right .
I 've done nothing at all of any value .
Signing off Brad Blog for good this time , in every sense of the word .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/15/2010 @ 6:09 pm PT ...
Mitch , I do n't know what 's eating you , but do n't put words in my mouth .
Being called on snarky comments is not being told you 've never done anything of value .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/15/2010 @ 10:44 pm PT ...
Odd question , Mitch @ 19 .
You do realize that in most jurisdictions , mine included , the only way you can get a hand - count is for one of the candidates to ask for one .
If you will recall the recent special Senate election in MA .
Brad had pleaded with all three candidates in advance that if they were on the losing end to ask for the count .
Instead Coakly was congratulated by Kerry for breaking his land speed record in prompt capitulations .
The election for the all important 60th seat was conducted entirely on the same Diebold optical scan system that Harri Hursti hacked back in 2004 through a simple alteration of its memory cards .
The election was called by an easily hacked computer , candidates declared victory or conceded defeat and not a single human being had counted a single ballot in the entire state of MA .
So what is the point of volunteering to count if you do n't have hand counts in which a citizen can participate ?
You 're supposed to be one of the good guys on e-voting , Mitch .
At least that 's what Brad tells me .
So why are you being so antagonistic to those who are working along side you to try to fix our broken system ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... lmk said on 3/16/2010 @ 6:01 am PT ...
I was an unpaid attorney / observer for a local township recount .
By my count , Mitch , so far , you 've struck out with all three people who 've responded to you .
While I 'm not sure what other " activist communities " you 're involved with , based on your comments perhaps you should find some new groups .
To somehow how assume , based on your alleged experience , that those who frequent this website are not donating their time and money is a pretty blatant failed attempt at mind - reading .
Mitch , you need to examine your assumptions and also ask yourself why you feel so confident making public assertions / assumptions about people you obviously do not know .
Or perhaps you 're just a disinfo artist trying to weaken the voting rights community ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/16/2010 @ 8:31 am PT ...
I 'm inclined to agree with LMK 's assessment , Mitch , that " you need to examine your assumptions . "
However , I have an even bigger concern with your " willing to offer opinions " remark in comment # 21 after you made some remarkable assumptions in comment # 19 in which you called out by name , among others , Brad Friedman .
Are you trying to say that the tireless investigative journalism that Brad , Bev Harris and others in the election integrity movement have engaged in over the past six years which has exposed so much about the depth of election fraud has no value --- that it amounts to nothing more than cheaply offered " opinion " ?
Are you suggesting that there is no role for citizen activists other than taking part in the counting process in those few jurisdictions where the ability to do so is available ?
When you denigrate citizens who take part in public protests , you are suggesting that their efforts are of no import .
In my case , I offered only two comments on this post .
The first sought information from Nancy Tobi , which information was needed for a major project that Brad and I are working on .
The second was a simple thank you when Nancy furnished that information .
For this , I get you trying to smack me down about the number of hours I 've personally devoted to counting votes in my jurisdiction , when , in truth , no one gets to hand count votes cast on the optical scanners in my jurisdiction absent a candidate request .
Perhaps , Mitch , a bit of self - reflection is in order --- and an apology !
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 3/16/2010 @ 11:27 am PT ...
a win for one lil town , gj nancy !!
jeanie gets to the heart of things with this statement ,
In comparing NH's hand counted wards to the machine counted wards , it was determined that the Diebold OPSCAN machines had a failure rate 163 times greater than allowed by Federal Law ( HAVA ) .
the machines are illegal because they do not work , if by work we are assuming they are supposed to give an accurate count .. over and over in our citizen audits we find more votes than ballots cast ... that can not be accurate , it is that simple when franken got his recount and actually showed the outcome was dif than the machines spit out , i , perhaps foolishly , thought other pols would notice but , ernest is right the pols race to concede , here in illinois the rep gov nomination was decided by less than 200 votes , 2 vote switches per county would of changed the outcome i dont have the answers but what brad has proven on the acorn story , that the msm doesnt report the truth is the same reason we cant get accurate counts in our elections , the msm pretends everything is fine and most people dont realize what a crock they are being fed
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/16/2010 @ 2:12 pm PT ...
Okay Mitch , one last comment .
I screw up , I 'm human , we 're ALL human .
Just look at the exchange between Ernest and me at # 9 and # 10 .
I admit it and come back .
Its really not that hard to do , and I 'm always the better for it .
Were here to help each other , not hurt each other in our common struggle of living ... and getting clean elections .
I hope you feel better tomorrow .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/16/2010 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
An oh yeah obamma , until bush and cheney can admit they were wrong , the doj should be in full force upholding the laws of this country .
But per chance they can see their way back to humanity and admit their mistakes , then , and only then , may the mercy of the court prevail .
All the tides that come and go in the world still leave the world we are graced to live on .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/16/2010 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/16/2010 @ 4:35 pm PT ...
You would be hard pressed to find a better example of how broken our current political system is than the passage of the digital economy bill through parliament .
A vast sprawling bill made to order on behalf of the so - called creative industries in the face of opposition from pretty much everyone else , it has all the hallmarks of legislation carved up between Sir Humphrey and a minister with an ego of monstrous proportions ( only Lord Mandelson would consider Henry VIII - style powers as something to aspire to in the 21st century ) .
One modern myth is that the existing " semi-reformed " House of Lords , post - 1999 , is a bastion of expert sobriety that stays above the party political fray with a view to curtailing the government 's worst excesses .
In reality , the government only fails to get its own way when the Lib Dem and Tory whips unite to thwart it .
In the case of the digital economy bill , the lack of expertise in the Lords about how the internet works in practice was all too apparent .
Rather than hear evidence from all sides in the debate in the way most democratic senates around the world do , the Lords ' own self - importance lead them to fall back on their own inadequate experience instead .
As a result they only succeeded in getting into even more of a muddle .
At least the Lords does actually scrutinise legislation though .
In the Commons the government whips work on the basis that no legislation should be amended ever , even on matters the government is willing to concede in the Lords , lest backbenchers get any ideas above their station .
As such , the public bill committees that are set up to scrutinise bills are for the most part a formality .
When it comes to the wash - up , such control freakery takes on even more absurd proportions .
Liberal Democrat
MPs have received criticism for not fighting enough of a trenchant battle in the Commons in an attempt to thwart Labour and the Conservatives ' cosy conspiracy to force the digital economy bill through its second reading and it is fair to say that the Lib Dems ' own record on the bill over the past few months is far from spotless .
But to sit there in the Commons simply to make noises in all the right places would be an object in futility .
Parliament does n't need hairshirt politics .
The real lesson from this experience is that we need a more representative and responsive political system .
Digital rights will always be one of those Cinderella issues while the voting system focuses politicians ' attention solely on a handful of swing voters in a small number of marginal constituencies .
And we desperately need a House of Lords that is accountable to the public , not torn between the conflicting and equally wrong - headed instincts of too many of its members to be both patrician and open for hire to the highest bidder .
Do n't let anyone fool you that the problem is one bad law or some debilitating nonsense about all politicians being the same .
The system stinks and only a vote for the Liberal Democrats in this election will help to do anything about it .
Digital Humanities book cover A shot from the Dewey Calendar data visualization was recently featured on the cover of a new book from Cambridge University Press – The Digital Humanities : A Primer for Students and Scholars by Eileen Gardiner and Ronald G. Musto .
Read more about the book at Cambridge Press .
Keep Reading »
El - Tee - See : Make SMPTE timecode wav file Because the ( entertainment ) world needs it – here is a simple service for generating SMPTE ( LTC ) timecode as a wave file .
http://elteesee.pehrhovey.net
It supports several sample rates and bit depth for your sync’ing pleasure .
Feedback welcome .
Keep Reading »
Timelapse image compositing with Ruby I took a few hundred timelapse pictures of 4th of July fireworks from my rooftop in Highland Park , Los Angeles over the course of three hours .
Instead of immediately making a video I decided to experiment with image compositing using RMagick ( Ruby bindings to ImageMagick ) .
Blenderrr is a script that uses RMagick with the Lighten [...]
Keep Reading »
Mathew B. Sims is Editor - in - Chief and has authored , edited , and contributed to several books .
He has been working in the insurance industry ensuring content is accurate for consumers who are searching for the best policies and rates .
He has also been featured on sites like UpJourney .
Full Bio → Written by Mathew B. Sims
Editor - in - Chief Dan Walker graduated with a BS in Administrative Management in 2005 and has been working in his family ’s insurance agency , FCI Agency , for 15 years ( BBB A + ) .
He is licensed as an agent to write property and casualty insurance , including home , auto , umbrella , and dwelling fire insurance .
He ’s also been featured on sites like Reviews.com and Safeco .
He reviews content , ensuring that exis ...
Full Bio → Reviewed by Daniel Walker
Licensed Auto Insurance Agent
Editorial Guidelines :
We are a free online resource for anyone interested in learning more about auto insurance .
Our goal is to be an objective , third - party resource for everything auto insurance related .
We update our site regularly , and all content is reviewed by auto insurance experts .
Things to Remember ...
Speeding tickets will affect your driving history and your car insurance rates
Typically , out - of - state drivers get ticketed more than those in their home state
Find out how to avoid getting a speeding ticket and having an increase in insurance
It ’s every driver ’s nightmare : flashing blue and red lights in the rear - view mirror .
Speeding tickets can strike a blow to anyone ’s day .
Speeding ticket statistics are staggering .
While you pull away from the office with the ticket in your hand , you wonder , “ Is going ten or fifteen miles an hour over the speed limit that big of a deal ? ” or “ How much is my auto insurance going to go up now ? ”
Check out the below speeding tickets statistics , learn about speeding ticket prices , and pick up some information about beating speeding tickets .
Even more important than getting out of a speeding ticket is understanding how a speeding ticket can affect the cost of your auto insurance .
To find cheap auto insurance coverage no matter how many speeding tickets you may have , shop around using the free tool on the top of this page .
Just enter your zip code to get started !
EMBED THE IMAGE BELOW ON YOUR SITE
< a href = ” https://www.autoinsurance.org/speeding-tickets/” >< img src= ” https://www.autoinsurance.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/speeding.jpg” alt = ” Speeding Tickets ” width = ” 500 ″ border = ” 0 ″
</a>< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />
< p>Source : < a href= ” https://www.autoinsurance.org” target= ” _blank ” > Auto Insurance </a></p>< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />
< p >
EMBED THE IMAGE ABOVE ON YOUR SITE
< a href = ” https://www.autoinsurance.org/speeding-tickets/” >< img src= ” https://www.autoinsurance.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/speeding.jpg” alt = ” Speeding Tickets ” width = ” 500 ″ border = ” 0 ″
</a>< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />
< p>Source : < a href= ” https://www.autoinsurance.org” target= ” _blank ” > Auto Insurance </a></p>< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />< br />
< p >
Even if you have speeding ticket fines and speeding ticket points galore , you can still find affordable auto insurance coverage if you are willing to do your homework .
Using the free quote finder on this page , shop around to compare several auto insurance companies !
El diputado federal del PRI , Arturo Zamora , se�al� que los ladrones de identidad obtienen datos personales al robar la cartera o billetera , sustraer del buz�n estados de cuenta bancarios , y/o solicitudes de tarjetas de cr�dito
Ciudad de M�xico | Domingo 07 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
12:07
EXCLUSIVE
In a world - first , McDonald 's has signed a deal with Weight Watchers to promote some of its meals , such as Chicken McNuggets , as ideal for dieters .
McDonald 's is teaming up with Weight Watchers to give its meals a new ' healthy ' push .
Credit : Glen Hunt
Three meals marked with the Weight Watchers logo will go on sale in New Zealand today and are expected in Australian outlets later this year , as part of a six - year push by the fast - food giant to change its image .
The move comes three years after McDonald 's paid $ 330,000 to put the Heart Foundation 's tick on seven meals , including burgers and nuggets .
How to create an Icon using new features of Inkscape 0.47 , such as : gradients , blur , path effects , and mask on texture layer .
We 'll be walking through every step involved in creating this grungy RSS feed icon box .
There is some great vector material in this tutorial !
Final Image Preview
Below is the final image we will be working towards .
Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial , including this one ?
Join Vector Plus for just 9 $ a month .
Tutorial Details
Program : Inkscape 0.47pre4
Inkscape 0.47 pre4
Difficulty : Intermediate
Intermediate Estimated Completion Time : 1 hour
Step 1
First , we need the last Inkscape release ( 0.47 pre4 ) .
You can download it on the official inkscape site .
Inkscape is an open source vector graphics editor available freely for Linux , Windows 2000 / 2003 / XP
( fully self - contained installer ) , and OSX ( dmg package ) .
Step 2
Let 's start by first opening a new document , selecting the Bezier Curve tool ( B ) , and drawing a rough of three faces of a cube in a perspective view ( Press Command to draw vertical bezier line ) .
Step 3
Be sure to enable the new user interface of snapping in Inkscape 's toolbar and the check snap node button to align nodes .
Step 4
Now we 'll cut the upper face in two parts .
Select the top face , press the Edit Path Button ( F2 ) , select left and down nodes and press the Insert New Node button , repeat for the top and right nodes .
Step 5
Select the nodes just created and press the Break Path button to subdivide the top face and Command +
K to break it into two objects .
Now you should have four different objects , like the picture below ( I filled it with random colors for a better view ) .
Step 6
To simulate an old carton box , select one face and press F2 to edit path .
Select two nodes and press the Add Nodes button .
Select the new node created and convert it in a symmetric node to move and rotate them .
You can double - click on a path to insert new node ...
Step 7
Open the layer manager by going to Layers > Layers ... ( Command + Shift + L ) .
You should have 1 layer , rename it " Box . "
Now duplicate it by going to Layer > Duplicate current layer .
Rename the new one " bg_box " and place it below " box " layers .
Now you should have the same thing in the two layers .
So for the moment you can hide " box " layers .
Step 8
So we 'll clean the shape in " bg_box " and create only one object , for that be sure internal nodes are aligned .
Select all and apply Path > Union .
This shape will be used after for texturing , lightning and shadow .
You can lock " bg_box " layer and go back on the " box " layer .
Step 9
Now we 'll fill the faces with a gradient color to simulate a light coming from the top left .
So open the Fill and Stroke box by going to Object > Fill and Stroke ( Command + Shift + F ) .
Select the left face , fill the shape with a radial gradient by clicking the Radial Gradient button .
Use the Edit Path Button to select the center and choose a light brown color ( # c2aa99 ) and on the outer a dark brown color ( #926a4f ) .
Select the gradient center and drag it down to adjust the effect .
Step 10
Repeat the previous step for each part of the carton box , you can adjust the color and do n't forget that the light comes from the top left , you should obtain something like that shown below .
Step 11
Now we 'll work on emphasizing the box border with lights .
Create a star with three branches .
Place it on the front corner of the box , and choose a light color like # b4a69e .
Step 12
Now transform the objects by going to Path >
Object to path ... ( Command + Shift + C ) .
Select the branches from the star nodes , and place them on the edges of the box , give a blur value of 1 .
Step 13
Select the Bezier Curve tool and draw dark grey shapes in the corner to simulate a bump on the box .
Step 14
Select those shapes , go to Fill and Stroke , and set their Blur to 10.0 .
Step 15
Now we 'll suggest moisture effect on the box by using some grunge shapes .
Create a simple ellipse , select the Tweak tool , set the Width to 10 , Force on 25 .
Now push roughen parts of the paths , and apply them on the side of the shape like the image below .
Step 16
Now we 'll erase the rest of the shape by using a Pathfinder .
Draw a big rectangle on the part you want to delete .
Select the two and apply Path > Difference .
Step 17
Another way to create a rough shape is to draw a simple shape with a bezier tool and apply a modifier by going to Extension > Modify Path > Fractalize .
Step 18
Duplicate , scale and turn the rough shapes just created .
Put them on the carton box .
Step 19
Apply on each shape a light gradient , black to transparent and adjust as shown below .
Step 20
Now we 'll create tape on the box .
Draw two rectangles with the Bezier tool , one little on top and one on the left side .
Step 21
Select the bottom segment on the small rectangle and subdivide it 4 times .
Step 22
Select random nodes and move them with the top and bottom arrow to simulate a split .
Step 23
Select the tape and add this brown color # 625037 .
On the top piece of the tape we 'll fill it with a vertical , linear gradient .
Add 3 stops using the gradient editor and edit the middle one with a light brown ( # a4804a ) .
After , you can select the two pieces of tape and move the below with the PageDown key .
Step 24
To enhance our box , we 'll add a Bitmap texture , I 'll use this free rust image found on TextureZ.com .
To create a mask , while keeping the same size and position as our box , we 'll use the background shape created in Step 8 .
Select the " bg_box " layer , duplicate and rename it " Texture " and move it above the others .
Now turn your shape color to white ( because lightness changes the alpha of the mask ) .
Bring your rust texture bitmap and place it below your mask shape .
Step 25
Select the rust bitmap and the white mask shape ( Object > Mask > Set ) .
You will have a textured shape , now in the layer properties set the blend mode on Screen and Opacity on 25 % .
You can lock this layer .
Step 26
Create a new layer , call it logo , now we 'll add a RSS icon in perspective , so first download and import in your page RSS ICON on the wikipedia .
Ungroup the icon ( Command +
Shift + G ) , and keep only the RSS symbol .
Combine it ( Command + K ) and turn the color to a bright orange . ( # ff7f2a )
Step 27
We 're gonna use a Path Effect tool to create perspective .
Select your RSS icon and place it on the right face .
Duplicate this face , swap the fill and stroke and select a black color for example .
Scale it from the middle ( Mouse + Command + Shift ) , this stroke will be used as perspective reference .
Step 28
Select the RSS Icon by opening Path > Path Effect Editor box .
Select the envelope deformation and press Add .
Ok so , on the first line " Top bend path " select the button Edit on Canvas and align the nodes to the corner of the perspective reference created previously .
Repeat for the right , bottom and left edge of the RSS icon .
Step 29
After you can delete your perspective reference , you should obtain something similar to that shown below .
Step 30
Now to simulate a glow effect on the logo , add a 10 % blur and duplicate it ( Command + D ) .
Put the blur value on 0 and change the color to a lighter orange ( # ff7f2a ) .
Step 31
You can add more details on your carton box , for example if you want to add text do n't forget to vectorize ( Command +
Shift + C ) and combine it ( Command + K ) .
Afterward , draw a perspective reference where you want to place the text and use the Path Effect Editor with Envelope deformation .
Step 32
Great !
our box is ready , let 's add some lightning effects .
Remember our background shape created in Step 8 , we 'll use it to create a shadow box ( black ) and lightning effects ( orange ) .
So display only " bg_box layer , " select the shape and duplicate it .
Select one and erase some nodes to create a shadow in black like the picture below .
Step 33
On the black shadow apply a blur of 5 .
Step 34
Select the orange shape , scale it a little from the center and apply a blur of 5 .
You can adjust the nodes position to simulate a light ray out of the box .
Unhide all the layers and you should obtain something like this .
Final Step
Great , last thing , you can add a shadow or halo .
Create just an ellipse with a radiant gradient that is gray ( light ) or white ( Halo ) to transparent .
Duplicate the RSS icon , turn it and apply a gradient ( orange to transparency ) with blur on 10 .
It works great on a dark gray background too .
Below is the Final result !
Subscribe to the Vectortuts + RSS
Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles .
Today is a good day for art !
This amazing Klingon painting , depicting an eyepatch - wearing Klingon leader going into battle , comes from Star Trek Online concept artist Chris Legaspi .
Check out more of our favorite epic Klingon art below .
Advertisement
According to Legaspi's blog , Star Trek Online submitted this incredible Klingon painting as the cover of the current issue of Star Trek Magazine .
Because the magazine 's editors have no honor — just kidding — the image appears inside , instead .
But we still honor the Klingon way , and to prove it here are some of our favorite Klingon paintings .
Qapla ' !
Advertisement
From the House Of Korax .
More at the link .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
From the House Of Korax .
More at the link .
Advertisement
Worf , by Herb Leonhard .
More at the link .
Advertisement
A painting of Kahless the Unforgettable , as featured in the TNG episode " Rightful Heir . " ( via Memory Alpha . )
Advertisement
Birds Of Prey , painted by Sonia Hillios .
More here .
Advertisement
Legendary Space Encounter by Randy Asplund , pianted for the box of a model kit .
More at the link .
Advertisement
Klingon Battlecruiser Kortoh by Randy Asplund , pianted for the box of a model kit .
More at the link .
Advertisement
Klingon Battlecruiser Amnok by Randy Asplund , pianted for the box of a model kit .
More at the link .
Advertisement
Klingon Bird Of Prey by Randy Asplund , pianted for the box of a model kit .
More at the link .
Advertisement
2300 Space Melee by Randy Asplund .
More at the link .
Advertisement
Klingons Crossing the Delaware , by JudgeFang on DeviantArt .
Advertisement
Worf 's Bat'leth , via House Trekkan .
Advertisement
Kingon Hunting Party by James Cukr , via House Trekkan .
Advertisement
Cover to Klingons : Blood Will Tell # 3 by Joe Corroney .
Advertisement
K'Mona Leesa , by Mark Brill .
Advertisement
Unused Klingon Battlecruiser concept art by John Eaves .
Way more at the link .
Advertisement
Beauty And The Beast by MalyTrakTorek on Deviant Art .
Way more at the link .
Advertisement
Klingon model box art by Rick Wawierna , via Concept Ships .
Advertisement
Klingon Propaganda Poster featuring Original Klingons , credited to " F. Boichat ' 75 " and sold at Star Trek conventions in 1970s .
Via Elwyn / Elwynsattic on Flickr .
Advertisement
The cover of Vanguard 3 : Hot Pursuit by David Mack , by Doug Drexler .
Way more at the link .
Advertisement
Klingon ships , from Ships Of The Line book cover , by Doug Drexler .
Way more at the link .
As a nation we are not yet ready to answer this question :
Are we ready to legalize marijuana .
A prerequisite question must be answered first .
It takes its cue from what physicians ask themselves before prescribing medications .
It is this :
What are the dangers vs. the benefits of marijuana ?
From my perspective as an addiction psychiatrist it is clear that many see only one side of this two - pronged question .
They herald the benefits of marijuana and claim it is benign .
Since 1982 , I have treated literally several thousand individuals suffering from all varieties of addiction , including marijuana dependency and abuse .
From this clinical experience , I have taken away a strong conviction that marijuana is dangerous .
This essay is not meant to be a rigorous scientific treatise .
The science is still evolving and should be carefully heeded .
Rather , it is meant to alert people to the simple fact that marijuana is a dangerous drug .
It must not be seen as benign .
It can not be considered as anything but an abusable and addictive drug .
The adverse health effects marijuana potentially causes are becoming increasingly apparent .
People who smoke marijuana are more likely to have wheezing , exercise - related shortness of breath , chest tightness , morning sputum production and some airway obstruction .
The more marijuana used , the more likely the risk of developing head and neck cancer .
Its smoke contains 50 % to 70 % more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco smoke .
Deficits in memory , manual dexterity and sustained attention have been shown to persist for days or weeks after the last use of marijuana .
While regularly smoking these problems are likely to be continuous .
Marijuana has been shown to impair perception , speed of motion and accuracy in tasks .
When THC ( the psychoactive ingredient of marijuana ) levels increase in the blood , the probable responsibility for motor vehicle accidents increases .
An estimated 9 % of those who use marijuana will become addicted to it .
These findings speak for themselves : marijuana is not a benign substance .
It has real adverse health effects .
Marijuana addiction is a reality .
Marijuana has the potential to interfere with an adolescent ’s emotional , cognitive and ethical growth .
People in recovery often note that they stopped maturing when they first started using drugs .
This observation is supported by the facts of their lives and the observations of family , friends and professionals working with them .
Even when not using on a daily basis , planning to obtain , obtaining , using , recovering from the effects and dealing with the consequences can be at best a distraction and at worst disabling .
Marijuana and the activity surrounding it can occupy ever - increasing time and energy , taking the teen away from everyday growth - enhancing experiences .
When a person has been caught up in substance use throughout their adolescence , he or she finds when trying to rebuild their lives , they have no foundation from which to start .
They have to create themselves and their life anew .
What benefit could marijuana provide that would justify the risk of such pain and hardship ?
Young or old , the use of marijuana easily drains energy and motivation from a regular , not necessarily daily , user .
The person still performs the various roles of life , but they are not fully present .
Family and friends observe this and feel a real loss .
The marijuana user may complain that he or she is helpless to stop , lack motivation and are prevented from using their abilities and talents to their fullest .
Or they might just deny that anything is wrong .
We must not allow ourselves to be lulled into thinking that marijuana is somehow safe because it is “ not as bad ” as other drugs or alcohol .
This drug should be measured on the basis of its own destructive effects and not by a false comparison with other substances .
A Daily Caller smear is falling apart after the conservative outlet relied on the word of a Holocaust denier and con artist to accuse President Bill Clinton of having “ once praised ” him in a letter of commendation .
The Daily Caller published that allegation without presenting any evidence they actually saw Clinton 's supposed letter of commendation .
The person in question , David Cole , has since said he fabricated his Clinton commendation , and he wrote a year ago that he falsified significant portions of his biography .
Despite Cole 's long history of hoaxes and being “ pathologically duplicitous , ” the conservative publication still relied on his claim to attack Clinton .
Cole is a Holocaust denier and serial liar .
He appeared in the media in the 1990s questioning various aspects of the Holocaust .
In an attempt to make money , Cole then changed his identity to “ David Stein ” and began producing , according to The Guardian , “ respectable , conventional Holocaust documentaries ” under the banner of Nistarim / The Tinbergen Archives .
He also “ started writing op - eds under Stein and other pseudonyms , expressing what he said was his growing fervour for a hawkish foreign policy , a strong Israel and conservative social policy . ”
The Guardian exposed his duplicity in a May 2013 piece and noted that despite his attempted conversion to respectability , “ Cole today still challenges established Holocaust scholarship , including the certainty about Nazi gas chambers . ”
Simon Wiesenthal Center associate dean Rabbi Abraham Cooper said of Cole , who is Jewish : “ I 'm very disappointed that someone who abused his Jewishness to get his five minutes of notoriety still stands by his lies .
It 's disgusting and puts him in the camp of bigotry . ”
The paper added that Cole 's former friends and acquaintances “ called him pathologically duplicitous , alleging he padded his film resume on the IMDb database with fictitious entries . ”
Cole / Stein's IMDb biography claims he received a commendation “ for his work from President Bill Clinton . ”
According to a ZoomInfo.com cache of his former production company 's website , Cole / Stein further claimed “ Bill Clinton recognized David 's film Nuremberg with a special commendation that read , ' It is with great pride that I recognize David Stein and his organization , the Tinbergen Archives , for their part in keeping the memory and the lessons of the Holocaust from ever being forgotten .
By discovering the documentary film Nuremberg , they have done the world a great service . ' ”
Cole 's deception extends into other areas during his time as a documentarian .
In a January 2014 post on his website , Cole brags about tricking people with his alias “ Cal Tinbergen , ” who was purportedly the president of “ the Tinbergen Archives . ”
“ Tinbergen , ” who was named after a character from a Roger Corman sci- fi movie , became a collaborator on several of Cole / Stein 's projects and even placed an op -ed in the Los Angeles Times .
Cole wrote in January 2014 that “ there is no ' Tinbergen Archives . ' ”
Yet the Daily Caller picked up the ZoomInfo.com claim that President Clinton praised Stein and the Tinbergen Archives , despite numerous red flags , including Cole 's publicly available admission that the Tinbergen Archives does n't exist .
Reporter Patrick Howley wrote a December 31 article with the headline , “ Bill Clinton Once Praised An Undercover Holocaust Denier For Keeping ' The Lessons Of The Holocaust Alive . ' ”
Howley presented as fact that such a Clinton commendation letter exists despite giving no indication or evidence that he had actually seen such a letter .
Howley quoted Clinton allegedly praising “ David Stein and his organization , the Tinbergen Archives . ”
The Daily Caller contacted Cole , who “ said that the Clinton commendation letter was obtained for his organization by a politically - connected lawyer named Herbert Feiler ” who has since passed away .
Cole told the website he could n't “ make any real independent verification because at the time when that was sent to me it did n't matter . ”
The Caller seemed to acknowledge the flimsiness of its own article , which was posted on New Year 's Eve , writing in the second paragraph that “ it 's highly unlikely that Clinton even knew the man he praised was actually an undercover Holocaust denier using an assumed identity . ”
As previously noted , during the alleged time that Clinton purportedly wrote the commendation , Cole regularly attempted to con people through his various identities .
Following the publication of The Daily Caller article , AlterNet posted a piece by Cole 's book publisher that quoted Cole claiming the Clinton praise cited in the Caller was “ a complete invention . ”
Cole reiterated his claim that he made up the Clinton commendation in an email to Media Matters ' Joe Strupp .
When asked why he lied to Howley , Stein claimed he “ was stringing him along ” and “ I wanted to see him get bit in the ass ” because he was n't a fan of the Caller 's work .
The Daily Caller has not updated its article to note that Cole has retracted his claim .
The Daily Caller itself had previously promoted David Stein prior to him being exposed as a Holocaust denier .
The website gave a hat tip to him on May 22 , 2012 ( “ But it gets even better , as David Stein discovered " ) , and March 18 , 2013 ( “ Courtesy of David Stein , who notes " ) .
Howley is perhaps best known for sparking a wide backlash in March 2014 after making sexist and inappropriate comments about BuzzFeed reporter Rosie Gray .
Howley and Daily Caller editor - in- chief Tucker Carlson were subsequently forced to apologize .
The Daily Caller has a long history of getting duped and committing embarrassing errors .
Los Angeles school district officials and employee unions announced an agreement Saturday to cut five days from this school year and seven days next year in an effort to maintain up to 2,100 campus jobs .
If approved by members of the teachers and administrators unions , the move would save the Los Angeles Unified School District about $ 140 million and preserve class sizes in grade and middle schools , officials said .
The district , the second largest in the nation , is facing a $ 640 - million deficit .
District officials had been urging unions for months to make concessions to help balance the books .
Administrators agreed to the furlough days Monday night , and the teachers union reached a deal late Friday , representatives said at a news conference .
“ It is extremely important in going forward that we have this kind of partnership , ” said Supt .
Ramon C. Cortines , who had occasionally appeared frustrated that the groups had not joined others in taking action to help the district with its budget crisis .
Under the plan , educators would have two extra paid , student - free professional development days next year .
Officials said they expect members of the unions to approve the shortened school years , particularly since they will save jobs and the pay cut is temporary .
The district , along with others throughout the state , is reeling from one budget shortfall to another .
Districts have laid off teachers and increased class sizes , and some are considering closing schools .
L.A. Unified has avoided that option ; like others , reducing the calendar came as a last resort .
For working parents , the shortened calendar could mean child - care problems and other issues .
Under a new state law aimed at easing school districts ’ budget deficits , districts still will receive full funding for a year even if they eliminate some instructional days .
All L.A. Unified schools would be closed the Friday before Memorial Day weekend , and each campus would also cut four days at the end of this school year .
Teachers , a union representative said , will have to cram instruction into a shorter calendar .
“ We are concerned for the quality of education for our students , ” said Julie Washington , a vice president with United Teachers Los Angeles .
Cortines proposed in February cutting six days from this school year , even though he had previously opposed a reduction because he feared it would hurt instruction .
“ Our people will be asked to do more with less , ” he said at a Saturday morning news conference at the teachers union headquarters .
The agreement will allow about 1,800 teachers , 100 administrators and 300 librarians , nurses and counselors to keep their jobs .
The district agreed that it would not seek further pay reductions for administrators .
The school board voted this month to send preliminary layoff notices to about 5,100 employees .
But A. J. Duffy , president of the teachers union , said he believes that many of his members could be brought back to the classroom through other methods and hopes that only several hundred would be in danger of losing their jobs .
Duffy said he believed his membership would approve the deal even though it amounts to a temporary pay cut .
Union officials have said that furlough days are a better alternative to a permanent pay reduction .
“ If it ’s a fair deal , we ’re willing to take furlough days , ” Duffy said .
Several unions , including those representing cafeteria workers and bus drivers , have agreed to take unpaid days .
Many non-unionized district employees , including upper management , have also begun to take furlough days .
Staff members for the Board of Education have agreed to take four unpaid days .
Duffy said he would continue to press the district to make reductions to L.A. Unified ’s bureaucracy , something Cortines agreed was necessary .
“ He must have got my memo , ” Duffy quipped .
As part of the budget discussions , Cortines , teachers and administrators agreed that groups seeking to take control of low - performing schools next year will have more time to apply .
Teachers and administrators had complained that they were not given enough time to develop plans and solicit support this year , the first under a new district policy that allowed groups to take over some campuses .
jason.song@latimes.com
This hi-tech home creates more energy than it uses .
But what 's it like to live in – and how does that touchscreen work ?
Imagine a house so advanced and eco-friendly that within 40 years it will have fed more energy back into the national grid than was used to build it , wiping out its carbon debt to the planet .
For the past seven months , Sverre and Sophie Simonsen and their three children have been living in the world 's first Active House – a sleek , angular building outside Aarhus in Denmark .
It 's one of seven being built across Europe by different architects – it will be joined in the autumn by an equally green semi in Northamptonshire .
For 12 months , a family will occupy each home while the building 's performance and the family 's experience are monitored .
Sverre had been itching to move from their 1970s home .
" It 's a typical suburban Danish house with small dark rooms , " he says .
" I 'd always wondered what it would be like to live in a contemporary , open - plan building . "
Their old home is only 400 m away .
Light fantastic Glass features heavily in the £ 500,000 design , by Aart Architects for VKR Holding .
" The natural light has definitely made a difference to our mood , " Sophie says .
It has twice as many windows as an average house , all triple - glazed with super - insulated frames .
This is in contrast to most eco homes , where large windows on all but the southern facades are frowned on due to the material 's poor insulation .
Double glazing : The Active House has twice as many windows as an average home .
Photograph : Michael Franke
In winter , solar radiation streaming through the windows provides 50 % of the heating , while in summer it is restricted by an automated system that controls sunscreens and opens windows .
With the family 's feedback , the pre-set programmes have been tweaked .
" It got very hot last summer , and it was so bright you needed sunglasses in the kitchen , " Sophie says .
Privacy also proved a problem , because the perforated screens offered little respite from passersby .
" They could see what we were having for dinner , " she says .
They would occasionally open in the middle of the night , too ; they are now manually operated .
Technical hiccups
Getting to grips with the lights that automatically turn off when sensors detect no activity was equally interesting .
" If you 've been sitting on the toilet a little too long , you 're suddenly plunged into darkness , " Sverre says .
" And we had to install bedside lamps for the children as their lights kept turning off during bedtime stories . "
The ­computerised control panel d­isplays how much energy and hot ­water the house is producing .
Photograph : Michael Franke
Trial and error
The computerised control panel , which displays how much energy and hot water the house is producing and consuming , looks fiendishly complicated .
" The blinds and windows are numbered differently , with no diagram , so at the start it was trial and error , " Sophie says .
" But once you 've figured it out , you do n't have to understand the technology – you just turn it on and type . "
Solar power
The southern facade of the roof is pitched at 35 degrees to maximise solar gain , and coated with solar cells and collectors .
The cells generate electricity for the lighting , appliances and the control system .
They should produce 5,500 kW a year – nearly double the amount required by the family – so for eight months excess energy is fed back to the grid .
This means that , in winter , extra energy is provided from the grid for free .
The solar collectors provide more than 50 % of the hot water and , combined with a solar heat pump , power the underfloor heating .
There 's also a ventilation system , which takes heat from stale air being extracted and uses it to warm fresh , filtered air entering the home .
Most impressive of all , this energy balance is achieved without the family living a monastic life : the house has two flatscreen TVs , a kitchen crammed with Siemens and Gaggenau appliances , and a double shower .
" You do n't feel you 're making sacrifices , " Sophie says .
" We use less energy without thinking about it . "
The future
In five months , when the house goes up for sale and the squad of technicians dissipates , the Simonsens will move back to their 70s home .
They are n't putting in an offer , not because they do n't enjoy the life , but because with cutting - edge technology the cost and hassle of finding someone to fix it is too high .
Pioneering houses such as these demonstrate how green we can be .
But only once the technology becomes mainstream and the workforce is trained to install and repair it , will homes such as this become a fixture on our streets .
So you 've shot some great footage with your camera , and you have experience editing with one or two of the popular professional tools like Premiere , Vegas and Final Cut .
And you 've probably dabbled in some audio editing tools like Audition , Forge or Soundtrack .
But you 're really just experimenting , and you 're not sure what all the filters and options are for .
You can spend hours fiddling and not be any closer to making the footage look better or the audio sound better .
This article walks through the post - production process in a home studio setting , and it shows you how to effectively use the tools you have on - hand .
Note :
This should be read after Cheap shots :
How to shoot pro-quality video on a budget , as it makes reference to ideas and concepts covered in that article .
Decisions , decisions
Before you begin the post - production process , the first thing you need to consider is the purpose of your movie .
Is it a short film , a documentary , an interview , or a reality show ?
With this fact in mind , you need to then decide what will method you 'll use to distribute the movie .
Will it go to a cinema screen at a film festival , Blu-ray , DVD , the Internet or mobile devices ?
If you decide that your movie will just be going up online , then production can be much quicker than if you 're authoring to Blu-ray .
If you 're publishing to multiple formats , focus on the highest quality format .
The final thing to consider is your computer and hardware .
You can only work with the highest format your computer can handle in real time , and it will take a bit of experimenting to figure this bit out .
Post - production format
What format is the footage in your camera ?
Is it HDV on minDV tape ?
Is it AVC - HD files on an internal hard - disk drive ( HDD ) or flash media ?
Is it H.264 ?
All of these formats are compressed , which means two things :
De-compression will use up computing power during the editing process .
This should be fine on modern computers , but may slow down older machines .
will use up computing power during the editing process .
This should be fine on modern computers , but may slow down older machines .
Color and resolution are approximated , so the image will generally look washed out and not as sharp as it can .
These two factors mean that if you tweak the image in any way , you will be adding processing overhead to your computer and actually make the image look worse .
Your options are :
Only edit the footage in its native format — no dissolves or animations of any kind , just straight cuts .
When you 've completed the final edit , you convert to a post - production format to do any tweaking , filtering or visual animations .
Or , you can convert the footage , at the beginning of the editing process , to the post - production format .
This way you have freedom to be creative right from the beginning .
If you have plenty of storage on your computer 's HDD , I strongly recommend converting to get the performance boost by working with less - compressed footage and the freedom to be creative early in the editing process .
If you have limited HDD space , you 'll be forced to edit natively and convert towards the end of the production pipeline .
Convert only the clips that have been used in the final edit .
Most software packages have an option to export all clips on the timeline and convert them in the process .
Avoid the second production pipeline by buying yourself some more storage ; get a couple of terabytes , which should be plenty .
Convert to what ?
When footage is compressed its resolution and color is approximated , but its luminance ( the variation between light and dark areas ) is left pretty much untouched .
The reason is that our eyes rely on luminance to process image information much more than color or resolution .
The ratio of compression applied to luminance , red / green , and blue elements in a pixel , is expressed by three numbers :
4:4:4 - Three fours indicate un- compressed pixel information .
- Three fours indicate un- compressed pixel information .
4:2:2 - This means the color space is reduced by half
- This means the color space is reduced by half 4:1:1 - This indicates that the color space is reduced to a quarter
Depending on the complexity of the compression method , other common ratios include : 4:2:0 , 3:2:1 or 4:1:0 .
The first value , luminance , is usually uncompressed or only slightly compressed .
So when converting , the idea is to increase the color space in the video to allow deeper and richer color tonality .
Instinctively you would therefore want to convert your footage to a 4:4:4 format , but the caveat is that file size will increase exponentially .
An increase in file size then hits another bottleneck in your computer : HDD throughput .
Unless you have a superfast HDD , it will not be able to handle such massive files .
This is especially true if you uncompress the resolution , which is another element not expressed by the compression ratio ; this only applies to individual pixel information , which can also be 8 - bit or 10 - bit .
It 's also necessary to check if the original footage is interlaced .
If it is interlaced , a de-interlace filter must be applied during conversion .
De-interlace filters usually have a quality setting , and the higher the quality the longer the conversion time .
Very high settings can take up to 10 hours per minute of footage to convert , so using a medium quality setting is usually a good enough option , unless your final delivery medium is Blu-ray or a cinema screen .
De-interlacing can be avoided if the original footage is shot in progressive mode on the camera , as long as the camera is capable of progressive filming .
It is easy to see how confusing this can all become .
A good rule of thumb is to use a 4:2:2 color space in 8 - bit on whatever intermediary codec your editing package supports .
An intermediary codec un-compresses the resolution as much as possible without increasing file size too much .
A popular codec on Mac is ProRes422 ; on PC , use CineForm CFHD ( intermediate ) set to 8 - bit 4:2:2 .
These are great DVD post - production formats .
If your intention is to publish to the cinema screen or Blu-ray , then you 'll have to work with an uncompressed 4:4:4 10 - bit format , but to do so you will require a very powerful workstation with superfast HDDs and multi-terabyte storage .
If you intend to publish to mobile devices or the Internet , you can configure the intermediary codec with a smaller resolution than the original footage .
Try a vertical resolution of 720 , 640 or even as small as 270 .
This will work lightning fast on most computers and still provide a rich color space .
Let 's get started
So you have your software , you know what the purpose of your movie is , and you 're ready to start work .
Hook up your camera and get your software ready for capture .
Capture and logging
This step is very important for narrative - based movies and documentaries .
Interviews tend to just be one or two shots and are very easy to throw together , but it is still good practice to properly capture and log footage .
Set your software to auto - capture or import and let it do its thing .
By the end of the process you will have a collection of clips listed in your editing software 's bin .
If you 've recorded sound on a separate field recorder , this is the time to import the sound files into the software .
Use the sound log to marry each sound file to each video clip .
If the clip has been properly clapped , you will be able to synchronize the spike in the audio track with the video frame where the clapper is fully closed / clasped .
You must unlink the audio track that is already linked to the video clip and delete it .
Then link the audio track from the field recorder to the video clip .
Scrub through the video and check to see that the audio is properly synchronized with the video .
Do this for all of the video clips .
Now watch every single video clip and rename them to reflect the clip : [ SCENE ] [ ANGLE ] [ TAKE ] [ Good , Bad , OK ? ] — this naming convention will allow you to quickly see what scene , angle and take a clip is , and whether it was good , bad or OK , e.g. , Office Fight MCU T4 Good
As you rename each clip , you need to also create folders with scene names in which to store it .
Once you have renamed the clip and placed it in a folder , you can also set an in and out point where you feel the clip commences and ends .
Check the software manual , but usually the I and O keys do this .
While the steps outlined above are extremely tedious , they will make the rest of the editing process that much quicker , allowing you to be creative and have fun .
Convert now
Now that you have captured the footage , synchronized the sound , and logged the clips into folders , convert the project to the post - production format .
Most editing software will have a function called migrate or convert project .
You will be prompted to select the new format , or define a custom format .
Once you start this process you 'll usually have to wait a very long time , depending on the complexity of the project and the format you 've picked .
It might last a few hours or a few days .
Initial fix-ups
It is much easier to correct video and audio issues at the start , because when you begin editing , you will chop the clips up and end up with a whole bunch of fragments on the timeline that you do not want to fix individually .
Color correction
All you really want to do here is fix any ugly tints or colors that do n't look right .
Be careful with this bit ; make sure the problem is not with your monitor .
How can you tell ?
Well , if all of the clips look bad , check them on a TV screen using the original camera footage .
If they look fine on the TV then it is most likely the monitor that needs correcting .
If only a few of the clips look bad , improper white balance or mixed light sources are most likely to blame .
Apply a color correction or white balance filter to the clip .
These types of filters have three sliders : saturation , temperature and tint .
The filter will have an eye - dropper tool that can be used to indicate a neutral color in the scene .
A neutral color is white or a shade of grey .
The software will then attempt to auto - correct the white balance .
It may get it slightly wrong and will need to be fine - tuned using the following two parameters :
Temperature shifts white balance between blue and orange .
So if the image looks a little blue or orange / red , then use this slider to correct it .
shifts white balance between blue and orange .
So if the image looks a little blue or orange / red , then use this slider to correct it .
Tint shifts the intensity between green and violet .
When you correct the temperature there is a tendency to accentuate the greens or violets in a scene ; use this slider to normalize the tint .
You will most likely only need to make only slight adjustments to the sliders , as the eye - dropper function tends to be very accurate in modern software .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
One of the promises of nanoparticles as delivery agents for cancer therapeutics is that they will attack tumors while sparing healthy tissue from the damage normally associated with today 's anticancer therapies .
That promise is closer to realization thanks to the results of a study in which tumor - bearing mice were treated with a single dose of radioactive gold nanoparticles .
The results of this study , which was led by Kattesh Katti and Raghuraman Kannan , both of the University of Missouri at Colombia , were published in the journal Nanomedicine .
Dr. Katti is the principle investigator of the Hybrid Nanoparticles in Imaging and Therapy of Prostate Cancer project , a National Cancer Institute Cancer Nanotechnology Platform Partnership .
For this study , Dr. Katti's research group prepared their gold nanoparticles using the radioactive isotope gold - 198 .
They then coated the resulting nanoparticles with gum Arabic glycoprotein to create biocompatible nanoparticles capable of escaping the blood stream and accumulating in tumors .
Studies in mice showed that these nanoparticles , when injected into the blood stream , only accumulate in implanted human prostate tumors , with minimal or no leakage of radioactivity into other organs .
Tumor - bearing animals injected with a single dose of the nanoparticles were followed for three weeks .
At the end of that time , tumor volume in the treated animals was 82 % smaller compared to tumors in animals that received non-radioactive nanoparticles coated with gum Arabic glycoprotein .
In addition , the treated animals did not lose weight during the three - week period , while the untreated animals experienced significant weight loss .
The researchers also examined various blood cells for signs of radiation damage and found none , an encouraging sign that these nanoparticles are only toxic to tumors .
This work , which is detailed in a paper titled , " Radioactive gold nanoparticles in cancer therapy : therapeutic efficacy studies of GA - 198AuNP nanoconstruct in prostate tumor - bearing mice , " was supported in part by the NCI Alliance for Nanotechnology in Cancer , a comprehensive initiative designed to accelerate the application of nanotechnology to the prevention , diagnosis , and treatment of cancer .
An abstract of this paper is available at the journal 's Web site .
Explore further Natural Gum Improves Gold Nanoparticles for Cancer Imaging
we looked at life expectancy , mental illness , teen birthrates , violence , the percent of populations in prison , and drug use .
They were all not just a little bit worse , but much worse , in more unequal countries .
... what matters are n't the incomes themselves but how unequal they are .
If you 're a more unequal state , the same level of income produces a higher death rate .
There are problems that we think of as problems of poverty because they 're in the poorest areas of society , but a country like the U.S. can be twice as rich ... and the problems are no better even though Americans are able to buy twice as much of everything as the poorer developed societies .
Status competition causes problems all the way up ; we 're all very sensitive to how we 're judged .
Think about Robert Frank 's books Luxury Fever or Falling Behind , or the great French sociologist Bourdieu -- they show how much of consumption is about status competition .
People spend thousands of pounds on a handbag with the right labels to make statements about themselves .
In more unequal countries , people are more likely to get into debt .
They save less of their income and spend more .
If you grow up in an unequal society , your actual experience of human relationships is different .
Your idea of human nature changes .
If you grow up in a consumerist society , you think of human beings as self - interested .
In fact , consumerism is so powerful because we 're so highly social .
It 's not that we actually have an overwhelming desire to accumulate property , it 's that we 're concerned with how we 're seen all the time .
So actually , we 're misunderstanding consumerism .
It 's not material self - interest , it 's that we 're so sensitive .
We experience ourselves through each other 's eyes -- and that 's the reason for the labels and the clothes and the cars .
Reiterated : Wilkinson finds that one judges equality against people in their own nation ; and absolute income is not nearly as important as relative income inequality .
It 's such a simple argument that it is easy to think he 's saying something else .
He 's not talking about an inability to access basic services or buy food and shelter -- not " haves " and " have nots " but the " psychosocial " ( his word ) effects of inequality .
The income inequality matters because we are a social species and relate not to absolutes but to each other in our own nation .
So , is he right ?
You do n't need any of his data to know resentment is always relative to the other , frustration is synonymous with a impeded will , and that both of these exact a biological and psychological toll .
I do n't need anyone to tell me that massive executive pay drives people bananas .
And as I 've hopefully made obvious by this point , most people 's anger about policies , politics , and problems are really about our relation to some other group of people .
But slow down .
The mistake everyone is making is conflating the problem -- income inequality -- with the proposed solution -- income redistribution .
II .
First , while the hard data point to " income inequality " because it 's the only measurable statistic for the real issue of income justice , i.e. , getting what you deserve and deserving what you get .
When people talk about the social effects of income inequality in America , they always bring up CEOs but never , not once , ever , bring up Warren Buffet .
Or baseball players .
Or the Kennedys .
Or Sandra Bullock .
As much as Sandra Bullock drives me insane I have never set fire to a trash can or impregnated a teenager because she made what is obviously way too much money for agreeing to be in the worst movies ever scripted by spider monkeys .
However , we have some ( obviously warped ) sense that these people deserved their incomes .
So what we 're really wanting is n't income redistribution but a sense of distributive justice .
Well , good luck on that one : who is going to be trusted to redistribute ?
" The government " is n't a spirit , it 's a bunch of people that seem to be selected for infidelity .
And people Americans are rightly suspicious of the criminal justice system ; why would the distributive justice system beany more fair ?
It does n't matter a lick whether it is actually fair or not because it will be filtered through a lifetime of prejudices and cognitive biases .
As one rambling fool put it , it 's the Stroop test applied to public policy .
I 've not seen anyone bring up a point that will be obvious the moment I say it : rich people can get angry , too .
If people get angry because they do n't have what they think they deserve , imagine the anger that will manifest when people have things .
Do n't yell at me : it matters not at all whether " the rich " are entitled to their anger or justified in their purchase of a Cessna , only that it isthat they will be angry .
You can't pretend social unrest only comes from the bottom up ; when a group of feel unfairly branded as " the problem " by the likes of people whom they believe have never actually produced anything ( i.e. congressmen ) , and what they feel they 've earned taken from them , well , they wo n't be breaking store windows and flipping cars over , but your society will be transformed all the same .
Again , I am not justifying their anger , I am warning against what you think is so obvious a solution .
I am describing reality : rich people can buy guns , too .
Congressmen .
This is a fight that you cannot win , not here and not fortwo more generations .
If you attempt income redistribution , not only will you fail , the country will bury you for 25 years .
It happened to Jimmy Carter .
It will happen again .
III .
The second reason income redistribution will fail is that you change its value by redistributing it .
If you run Wilkinson 's book through Babel Fish , you see that when he writes " income inequality " he actually means " relative inability to participate in society . "
In other words , the disparity is n't income , it 's Income inequality seems to explain why America has more social ills than , say , Costa Rica but it 's because income means something completely different to Americans than it does to Costa Ricans .
To any nominally poor nation -- take your pick , from African subcontinent to nearly integrated industrialized Romania -- income is only a supplement to an existence .
In America , it represents expectations , potential , identity , everything .
Even the least materialistic American makes judgmentsbased on this income , even if the judgments are inverse ones ( " the rich are bad " etc ) or about himself ( " I 'm not like other Americans , I do n't need an income . " )
Income represents the potential for consumption , and this potential is the measure of social equality .
Wilkinson strolls right up to this point , has his face bitten off by it , and walks away oblivious :
That 's what his data actually shows , but he falls back on income inequality .
Status competition , personal branding , attempts at self identification .
Even nearly perfect redistribution ofwill not affect these social ills because people will find something else to set themselves apart from the rest .
High school students manage to create a viciously unequal society that drives some kids to suicide and others to Columbine and others to group sex and it has nothing to do with income at all .
Or are we still blaming genetics for all that ?
IV . When I tell you that narcissism is the biggest epidemic this generation faces , I 'm not looking to get on Oprah , I mean it .
Any tentative political solution -- redistribution of income , modification of entitlements ( either more or less ) , focusing on education , whatever -- while these are all noble approaches that likely will have some immediate impact -- long term all of them will fail .
All of them .
The problem is deeper than incomes , it is expectations , and you can't redistribute expectations .
You could hand every American $ 10 M in gold bullion right now , free and clear -- you could take it right out of a CEOs pocket and call it social justice -- and nothing will change except that they will drink more .
I 'm not constructing a conservative argument against a liberal policy , I 'm not choosing an economic ideology ; I am taking a strictly realist 's perspective that income redistribution will fail .
And it will fail also in China and in Brazil and yes , even Scandinavia .
Everywhere , There 's a very specific reason for this , Wilkinson hits it but refuses to pursue it to its conclusion ; instead , he falls back on income inequality : ( Part 4 soon . )
Line numbers below are not exact : apologies in advance .
It is possible to say justice is the end ( telos ) of the city .
Considerations of utility either claim to be prerequisite to justice or are thought justice itself simply .
Considerations of freedom define themselves as right .
Aeschylus ’
The Suppliant Maidens ends with the beautiful daughters of Danaus praying thus :
Lord Zeus may he deprive us
Of an ill marriage
And a bad husband ,
As Io was released from ill ,
Protected by a healing hand ,
Kind might did cure her .
And strength may he assign us .
I am content if ill
Is one - third my lot ,
And justly , with my prayers ,
Beside the saving arts of god ,
To follow justice .
( ll. 1063 – end )
“ Healing hand , ” “ might , ” “ strength , ” dealing with “ ill ” all speak to me of utility .
A release from ill and contentment with one ’s course imply freedom .
But the last words belong to justice .
The Danaids , the 50 daughters of Danaus , were pursued by their Egyptian cousins whom they did not want to marry .
Descended from Io of Argos ( in Greece ) , they flee to Argos and ask the king , Pelasgus , for protection .
In two sequels to “ The Suppliant Maidens ” we have lost , the rest of the myth plays out , dramatized by Aeschylus .
The Danaids , who receive protection in this play , are forced to marry their cousins in the second .
They swear an oath to kill each of their husbands on their wedding night .
All fulfill the oath , save one , and the third play concerns her trial .
Now it is the case two plays of this trilogy are lost , so all of this is conjecture , but the conjecture can bring some themes into sharp relief :
Since the maidens insist upon the rights of the will alone , Pelasgus allows in turn the people ’s will to sanction it and make it law .
In the second play the oath of the Danaids becomes law , and Hypermnestra , in violating it , repeats her sisters ’ original defiance of Egyptian law , but as on this occasion it is not a human law she has betrayed [ she broke an oath ] , a goddess [ part of Aphrodite ’s speech in the third play is extant ] must justify her conduct .
( Introduction 3 )
Oaths and laws we recognize immediately as binding , but not will .
Leo Paul de Alvarez has said the question of the play is whether there is a natural justice ; freedom may be more a distraction than a theme .
Dr. de Alvarez also said to look at Pelasgus ’ speeches : he discovers what is naturally just .
Before we do that , however , it would not hurt to examine a bit more summary :
The Suppliant Maidens is an international play .
The Danaids are refugees , Greeks by descent , Egyptians in appearance ( ll. 234-37 , 277-90 , 496 ff ) , and according to Egyptian law they have no legal right to refuse to marry their cousins .
For when Pelasgus wishes to know what right they have , the maidens in reply only declare their hatred of their cousins , implying by their evasion of the question the absence of any legal claim to his protection ( ll. 387-91 ) .
Thus both by nature and by law they are defenseless .
If they really looked like Greeks , as well as were Greeks by an obscure genealogy , and if they had some legal justification , Pelasgus might have been willing to take up their defense without the consent of the people ; but once it becomes a case of pure or natural justice independent of all legality , with the maidens ’ arbitrary dislike of their cousins their only motive , Pelasgus must defer to the will of the people .
( Introduction 3 )
King Pelasgus ’ very first words do not recognize the maidens as Greek –
Whence come these barbarians ?
What shall we call you ?
So outlandishly
Arrayed in the barbaric luxury
Of robes and crowns , and not in Argive fashion
Nor in Greek ? ( ll. 234 – 240 )
– and the story he tells of his descent and where he rules is right to the point , unlike the Danaids ’ story .
His family “ reap [s ] the fruit of the earth ” ( 252 )
… called Apia , after a surgeon
Of ancient times , the prophet Apis , son
To Apollo , who from Naupactus once did come ,
And cleansed this land of deadly , monstrous
Serpents , that the earth , soaked in old
Curses of blood , had sprung and smeared in wrath .
His remedies and herbs did work a cure
For Argos , where his pay ’s remembrance found
In litanies .
( ll. 260 – 270 )
In Plato , there is the strong suggestion in some dialogues that one can liken a lawmaker to a physician .
Just as a physician ’s cures are not always pleasant , so also is the punitive nature of law .
For Aeschylus , such a consideration may have even greater weight , as “ serpents ” and “ curses of blood ” imply a monstrous , pre-legal world .
What is presumably prior to politics : keeping oaths , treating guests well , avenging one ’s family .
Each of these is a “ trigger ” where if , say , a family member is killed or an oath is broken , someone has to pay , and even then nothing is settled because the ( human ) instrument of the gods ’ vengeance will have , at the least , hurt someone who had a family member .
Hence , “ serpents ” – a never - ending cycle of violence .
Pelasgus therefore shows he understands something critical to being Greek , and his distrust of Oriental splendor is probably warranted .
He tells the Danaids to recite their ancestry , and warns them not to give the city a long speech .
His own ancestry took about 25 lines ; a discussion of the Danaids ’ which follows consumes 50 .
It is true Io was from Argos , but her descendants seem to comprise a good portion of not -Greece ( ll. 310-324 ) .
Still , Pelasgus acknowledges their claim somewhat : “ you seem to share of old this land ” ( ll. 326 ) .
He wants to act piously , but does not want war if it can be helped ( ll. 338-343 ) .
We learn in the discussion between Pelasgus and the Danaids why he is concerned with pious action .
After telling the daughters they want nothing less than a new war ( ll. 341 - 2 ) , he is exhorted to justice .
He rejects the reasoning as the battle joined him , not the other way around ( ll. 345 ) .
He is told he is not pious enough before the true state of the gods ; he says he is trembling at the moment , in the sacred grove where the discussion occurs ( 340 – 350 ) .
The Danaids make an appeal to him being no less than Zeus the Protector ( 349 – 352 ) ; he wonders about the extent of his power , hoping that “ this friendship conceal no doom / Nor strife for us arise in unexpected / And unpremeditated ways ” ( 356 – 358 ) .
The text is incomplete , but it looks like they plead for sanctuary because of their father ( 359 – 365 ) ; Pelasgus says they are not supplicating him , but the city , and so “ if the city stains the commonweal , / In common let the people work a cure ” ( 360 – 370 ) .
The daughters of Danaus seem to be the inverse of the city .
They were generated by Danaus , but the body politic , in a sense , generates the king .
The daughters do not take the King ’s speech about the commonweal seriously .
They insist on his godlike , paternal power and warn him against pollution .
But Pelasgus checks the impiety argument appropriately : “ without harm I can not aid you . ”
A number of arguments have failed , and the Danaids turn to Zeus the Suppliant ( 380 – 390 ) .
They do not understand Zeus the Supplicant , saying that he can become angry , and will be charmed by no pity .
They only see pre-legal justice , which is not justice in a sense and therefore not entirely natural .
It should not surprise that their conversation turns only to divinity and justice until the Danaids threaten suicide upon the holy grounds ( 387 – 470 ) .
Pelasgus appeals to prudence before the threat is made ( 397 – 401 , 404 – 417 ) ; immediately before it , he outlines the qualitative differences between government as an agent of utility and as an agent of peace .
Government as agent of utility depends on Fortune : “ When wealth is sacked and homes / Are pillaged , Zeus yet another fortune may bestow ; / Or when the tongue has failed , a healing word / May spread a counter - balm ” ( 445 – 448 ) .
But as an agent of peace – “ if consanguine / Blood is to stay unshed ” – there is control , but at the cost of perpetual sacrifice .
“ We must sacrifice / to slaughter many kine to many gods , / a cure of grief ” ( 448-50 ) .
It is this insight , perhaps underlying prudence itself , that allows the threat of the Danaids ’ suicide to be successful .
The basis of natural justice , then , is not simply pity or the avoidance of shedding innocent blood .
It is both , because both are framed by a larger issue :
What can one do ?
After Pelasgus declares “ the wrath of Zeus the Suppliant – / the height of mortal fear – must be respected ” ( 478 – 480 ) , acknowledging he will protect the maidens , he tells them and their father to be pious so as to inspire pity ( 480 – 490 ) .
He promises to “ make the commons well disposed , and teach / Your father all that he must say ” ( 518 – 520 ) .
Most importantly , he wants “ Persuasion ” and “ Fortune ” to attend him ( 522 – 523 ) .
When he is yelling at the Egyptian herald later , he accuses him of insolence and standing for nothing upright , for the herald is a Barbarian ( 910 – 916 ) .
But he also says :
Though , were these [ maidens ] willing , with good will of heart ,
You could lead them away , if pious speech
Persuaded them : thus unanimous the vote
Decreed , never to surrender them to force .
Joined , doweled and bolted stays this law ,
That neither scratched on tablets , nor book - sealed ,
You hear announced by the tongue of freedom ’s voice .
( 938 – 948 )
The Argives , persuaded by the king , unanimously voted to protect the Danaids .
I take the unanimity to be a sign the king found what is naturally just , what has power over nearly all .
Persuasion and Fortune frame justice .
Sometimes necessity forces us to act unjustly .
Sometimes it is not possible to persuade .
But if the gods give the opportunities one needs , justice emerges : pity is stirred , leading to its end , the recognition of innocence .
From innocence one sees a moral purity come about that unites the city and its gods truly .
If the story seems a bit complicated , it is because Aeschylus does not take the possibility of justice outside what is political too seriously .
Here , an appeal to purely transpolitical justice would be an oversimplification and dismiss what the city does right .
It would also fail to recognize that despite natural justice , serious conflicts cannot go away .
The Egyptians have bad law .
Are they therefore unjust , so unjust that all need to be killed on their wedding night ?
One can attempt to answer “ yes , ” but one ’s rationale is more important than a conclusion .
One last note .
Danaus , the father of the Danaids , reports the speech of Pelasgus to the citizens indirectly :
The king persuaded , prophesying Zeus
The Suppliant would fatten rich his wrath
To feed insatiate suffering ,
And show itself as twin defilements ,
In and outside the city .
( 617 – 621 )
This is something that we ’ve lost sight of today in our materialism and extreme individualism : the gods of the city are connected with the honor of a city , and what is “ outside ” matters .
A city that does not try to act justly is tarring its citizens eternally , and asking for bad Fortune to occur .
Honor comes from justice , not claims to merit or the strict application of the law .
The Greek concern with piety was always one of politics : the gods of the city were just that .
I do n’t know how much declaring “ separation of church and state , ” as useful as it is practically , is workable on a theoretical level .
The Texas school board and their cultish conservative nonsense need to go , of course .
But if one wonders why politics today seems to lack dignity , the briefest of glances at other ages should provide ample for reflection .
References
Benardete , Seth .
“ Introduction to The Suppliant Maidens ” in The Complete Greek Tragedies : Aeschylus II , ed. Grene and Lattimore .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1991 .
pp. 2 - 4
Aeschylus , “ The Suppliant Maidens . ” tr. Seth Benardete .
The Complete Greek Tragedies : Aeschylus II , ed. Grene and Lattimore .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1991 .
Microbes similar to those on Earth would have a tough time surviving the harsh environment of Mars , but it is not inconceivable that they could persist there given a little protection , according to a new study .
The finding supports similar , previous work and lends credence to the theory that if microbial life ever arose on Mars , it could exist below the planet 's surface to this day .
Mars is in most respects a terrible habitat for life as we know it : winter temperatures can dip below – 100 degrees Celsius , the atmosphere contains little oxygen , and without the benefit of a robust ozone layer the Martian surface is bombarded with ultraviolet ( UV ) solar radiation .
In a paper submitted to Planetary and Space Science that was posted to the online preprint repository arXiv.org on February 22 , a group of Italian researchers presents the results of submitting a number of terrestrial bacteria to simulated Martian conditions .
Giuseppe Galletta , an astronomer at the University of Padova in Italy , and his colleagues introduced bacterial species , including three strains from the Bacillus genus and a strain of Mycobacterium smegmatis , to their LISA and mini LISA experimental chambers .
The enclosures provide a rough facsimile of Mars 's surface — they are cooled by liquid nitrogen to create extreme Martian cold , bathed in UV light , and flooded with a low - pressure carbon dioxide atmosphere .
( Mini LISA , a series of small enclosures , was built to prolong the running time of the experiments on a single tank of coolant ; the laboratory is housed in a medieval castle in Padua , a historic site that can only accept coolant deliveries once a week . )
The researchers varied the environmental parameters to simulate the drastically different conditions found on Mars depending on the season and the time of day .
Galletta and his colleagues found that the bacteria handled the temperatures , low pressures and lack of oxygen relatively well but that the UV intensity all but wiped out the colonies in minutes .
Even the extremophile Deinococcus radiodurans , which can endure mammoth blasts of gamma rays hundreds of times more powerful than would kill a human , could not last 10 minutes under UV exposure .
Similar experiments have been carried out in the past , including many that have sought to determine the threat of terrestrial microbes stowing away on Mars - bound spacecraft and contaminating the Red Planet .
In those studies , UV irradiation was also shown to be a lethal force for bacteria , although the other atmospheric effects seemed to at least retard the growth of bacterial colonies .
The Italian group found that bacterial spores fared much better than active cells ; the Bacillus spores survived for more than an hour , albeit in low numbers .
( Perhaps counterintuitively , more spores actually endured during simulated Martian winter , at – 80 degrees C , than during summer , at 23 degrees C. )
The study 's authors report that spores shielded from UV light , as might occur on Mars beneath the frozen surface or in a cave , stabilize in a dormant state before reactivating in the presence of liquid water .
" This is important for Mars , because if underground water exists this may mean that life could survive in some ecologic niches , " Galletta says .
Galletta notes a major caveat of such research — the presumption that Mars life , if it ever existed , bears any resemblance to Earth life .
The theory of panspermia , or the early transport of life between the planets , would imply that to be the case if proved out .
But if life arose independently on Mars it could take a form completely distinct from terrestrial organisms .
" The limitation is that we only ever test on terrestrial life , " Galletta says .
" We do n't know if our conclusions will be universal . "
According to the right - wing political action committee Americans for Legal Immigration ( ALIPAC ) , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) needs to “ make his homosexual lifestyle public knowledge in the interest of political integrity and national security . ”
Or , in the words of one blogger , Graham ’s “ stealth gayness ” might pose a danger to us all .
ADVERTISEMENT
And it ’s not the first , second or even third time rumors about Graham ’s sexuality have surfaced .
For the unmarried conservative senator who Jon Stewart once joked “ looks like an old lesbian , ” the question has become increasingly thorny for him .
“ I ’m a tolerant person , ” ALIPAC leader William Gheen told a crowd in Greenville , South Carolina over the weekend .
“ I do n’t care about your private life , Lindsey , but as our U.S. Senator I need to figure out why you ’re trying to sell out your own countrymen and I need to be sure being gay is n’t it . ”
The crowd of conservatives erupted into cheers .
“ I ’m - a take some heat about that one on Monday , ” the speaker said , after suggesting that Congressman Barney Frank , an openly gay Democrat from Massachusetts , was “ more honest ” than Graham .
Approached by blogger Mike Stark in October , 2009 after the senator had read off anonymous insults about Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor during her confirmation hearing , Graham was not in the mood to comment on the rumors .
ADVERTISEMENT
When GQ magazine asked a similar question in 2006 , Graham reportedly dismissed the question and claimed he ’s just a “ loner . ” A 2007 exploration of the topic by South Carolina ’s Charleston City Paper also came away inconclusive but noted that Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) has always seemed to be “ Graham ’s Senate BFF . ”
Snark politics blog Wonkette was n’t so nice .
“ Finally , some Wonkette agreement with the Greenville Tea Party of South Carolina :
Why wonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t unmarried ex-Sailor Lindsey Graham , whose super - gay voice and constant gayness with Joe Lieberman and Walnuts McCain make him seem gay , just tell us the truth about his sexual orientation ? ” they jeered .
“ Straight , or gay Ã¢â‚¬â€  which is it , Lindsey ?
( CAVEAT : it will only count as ‘ truth ’ if he says ‘ gay . ’)
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Ha ha ha no no noÃ¢â ‚ ¬Â ¦ we are just being dumb and mean .
This speaker at the Greenville Tea Party event , though , is very seriously concerned that Lindsey GrahamÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Stealth Gayness is causing him to ( pretend to ) work with Democrats on energy and immigration bills .
ITÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢S NOT THAT HEÃ¢â‚¬â„ ¢S HOMOPHOBIC THATÃ¢â‚¬â„ ¢S NOT WHAT HEÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢SÃ¢â‚¬Â¦ THATÃ¢â‚¬â„ ¢S JUST NOT IT , OKAY ?
HeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s merely declaring thatÃ¢â‚ ¬Â¦ if Lindsey Graham were gayÃ¢â ‚ ¬Â¦ he would nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t vote for him ?
Eh ?
There , that should do it . ”
“ [ Graham ] is the lone Republican who ’s trying to work with Democrats on immigration reform this year ;
Gheen appears to have decided that makes him fair game for , well , just about anything , ” reported Mike Madden , writing for Salon .
“ The insinuation that he ’s only supporting immigration reform because he ’s trying to keep something hidden is pretty slimy , though , even by the standards of ALIPAC . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Graham ’s office had not commented on ALIPAC ’s allegations at time of publication .
This video was published to YouTube by user 33ltHappens on April 18 , 2010 .
A video of the complete speech is also available .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was shot by blogger Mike Stark , published to YouTube on Oct. 15 , 2009 .
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show with Jon Stewart .
Phoenix 's rep has denied the story , according to Gossip Cop .
Oh well -- fun while it lasted .
Well here 's some strange news for your Friday .
While no one was ever truly convinced that Joaquin Phoenix was abandoning acting in favor of some kind of rap career during that weird publicity stunt phase last year , we have n't seen his name attached to any movies since .
But now , if The Playlist is properly reading a report out of India , the dry spell may be ending in order for Phoenix to play Edgar Allan Poe .
Yeah , I 'm as surprised as you are .
The news comes from Mumbai - based sound recordist Resul Pookutty , who talked to the Mumbai Mirror about his next project , an adaptations of Daniel Stashower 's novel , based on a true story from Poe 's life .
Pookutty told the paper that Phoenix would be playing Poe , but did n't give any details about the film 's director or other cast members , or how this entire project came together completely under the radar .
If it 's filming in New York as Pookutty says , though , I 'd expect more details to be leaking out before too long .
Though he has tried to laugh the incident off , his credibility as an authoritative critic of Vladimir Putin , the prime minister , appears to have been at least partly dented by the sting and his marriage is now reportedly in trouble .
I feel for Google – Steve Jobs threatened to sue me , too .
In 2003 , after I unveiled a prototype Linux desktop called Project Looking Glass * , Steve called my office to let me know the graphical effects were “ stepping all over Apple ’s IP . ”
( IP = Intellectual Property = patents , trademarks and copyrights . )
If we moved forward to commercialize it , “ I ’ll just sue you . ”
My response was simple .
“ Steve , I was just watching your last presentation , and Keynote looks identical to Concurrence – do you own that IP ? ” Concurrence was a presentation product built by Lighthouse Design , a company I ’d help to found and which Sun acquired in 1996 .
Lighthouse built applications for NeXTSTEP , the Unix based operating system whose core would become the foundation for all Mac products after Apple acquired NeXT in 1996 .
Steve had used Concurrence for years , and as Apple built their own presentation tool , it was obvious where they ’d found inspiration .
“ And last I checked , MacOS is now built on Unix .
I think Sun has a few OS patents , too . ”
Steve was silent .
And that was the last I heard on the topic .
Although we ended up abandoning Looking Glass , Steve ’s threat did n’t figure into our decision ( the last thing enterprises wanted was a new desktop – in hindsight , exactly the wrong audience to poll ( we should ’ve been asking developers , not CIO ’s ) ) .
As in life , bluster and threat are commonplace in business – especially the technology business .
So that interaction was good preparation for a later meeting with Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer .
They ’d flown in over a weekend to meet with Scott McNealy , Sun ’s then CEO – who asked me and Greg Papadopoulos ( Sun ’s CTO ) to accompany him .
As we sat down in our Menlo Park conference room , Bill skipped the small talk , and went straight to the point , “ Microsoft owns the office productivity market , and our patents read all over OpenOffice . ”
OpenOffice is a free office productivity suite found on tens of millions of desktops worldwide .
It ’s a tremendous brand ambassador for its owner – it also limits the appeal of Microsoft Office to businesses and those forced to pirate it .
Bill was delivering a slightly more sophisticated variant of the threat Steve had made , but he had a different solution in mind .
“ We ’re happy to get you under license . ”
That was code for “ We ’ll go away if you pay us a royalty for every download ” – the digital version of a protection racket .
Royalty bearing free software ?
Jumbo shrimp .
( Oxymoron . )
But fearing this was on the agenda , we were prepared for the meeting .
Microsoft is no stranger to imitating successful products , then leveraging their distribution power to eliminate a competitive threat – from tablet computing to search engines , their inspiration is often obvious ( I ’m trying to like Bing , I really am ) .
So when they created their web application platform , .NET , it was obvious their designers had been staring at Java – which was exactly my retort .
“ We ’ve looked at .NET , and you ’re trampling all over a huge number of Java patents .
So what will you pay us for every copy of Windows ? ”
Bill explained the software business was all about building variable revenue streams from a fixed engineering cost base , so royalties did n’t fit with their model … which is to say , it was a short meeting .
I understand the value of patents – offensively and , more importantly , for defensive purposes .
Sun had a treasure trove of some of the internet ’s most valuable patents – ranging from search to microelectronics – so no one in the technology industry could come after us without fearing an expensive counter assault .
And there ’s no defense like an obvious offense .
But for a technology company , going on offense with software patents seems like an act of desperation , relying on the courts instead of the marketplace .
See Nokia ’s suit against Apple for a parallel example of frivolous litigation – it has n’t slowed iPhone momentum ( I ’d argue it accelerated it ) .
So I wonder who will be first to claim Apple ’s iPad is stepping on their IP … perhaps those that own the carcass of the tablet computing pioneer Go Corp .?
Except that would be AT&T .
Hm .
Having watched this movie play out many times , suing a competitor typically makes them more relevant , not less .
Developers I know are n’t getting less interested in Google ’s Android platform , they ’re getting more interested – Apple ’s actions are enhancing that interest .
Sun was sued numerous times – most big companies are sued almost constantly by entities or actors whose sole focus is suing others .
Groups with no business focus other than litigating patent suits are affectionately known as trolls – pure litigation entities .
( For good humor , read this , an application to patent the act of trolling .
If granted , it would give the patent holder a reciprocal claim against a patent troll . )
The most egregious of such suits was filed against Sun by Kodak ( yes , the film photography people ) .
Egregious , because Kodak had acquired a patent from a defunct computer maker ( Wang ) for the exclusive purpose of suing Sun over an esoteric technology , Java Remote Method Invocation ( “ Java RMI ” – not exactly the first thing that comes to mind when you hear “ Kodak ” ) .
Given how immature Kodak ’s technology business was ( they were just starting out in the digital world ) , we had little we could respond with – I suppose we could ’ve hunted for a Wang - like opportunity to hit at their core , but Kodak was a customer , which certainly complicated things , and the time and expense involved would ’ve been prohibitive .
Their case was eventually heard before a jury in Rochester , New York , famous for being home to … the Eastman Kodak company .
Lo and behold , the local jury decided Sun should pay Kodak more than a hundred million dollars .
So here ’s something I could never say as Sun ’s CEO .
I prefer SmugMug .
__________________________
* To see a Looking Glass demo , click here – it starts at the ~2:00 minute mark .
General Motors sees a future where people navigate crowded cities in big Segways that look kinda like a Dyson vacuum cleaner and can drive you home when you 've had one too many .
Seriously .
The General unveiled a trio of electric " urban mobility vehicles , " built with help from the über - geeks at Segway , today in Shanghai .
They 're called Electric Networked Vehicles and they 're designed for cities bursting at the seams with traffic .
Shanghai is the perfect place to show the funky runabouts because China is the largest automobile market on the planet .
A lot of thought is going into figuring out how all those people buying all those cars will get around .
Sixty percent of the world 's population will live in urban areas by 2030 and there will be 2 billion cars on the road .
Automakers are looking for ways to build cars that pollute less and take up less space .
To that end , the two - seater concepts that GM rolled out today in Shanghai with its Chinese partner Shanghai Automotive Industry are about one - sixth the size of a conventional car .
They 're made of lightweight materials like carbon fiber and weigh just 1,000 pounds apiece .
GM says you can squeeze five of them into a single parking space .
" It provides an ideal solution for urban mobility that enables future driving to be free from petroleum and emissions , free from congestion and accidents , and more fun and fashionable than ever before , " said Kevin Wale , head of the GM China Group .
Fashionable ?
Um , OK .
The trio of mirco - sized concepts have cool Chinese names :
The red one is called Jiao ( Pride ) , the blue one is Xiao ( Laugh ) and the black one is Miao ( Magic ) .
GM says the names " emphasize the enjoyable nature of future transportation . "
The forward - thinking concepts build upon the Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility concept we saw last year in New York .
That awkward - looking EV resembled an electric rickshaw , and few took it seriously .
It probably did n’t help that the company had just filed for Chapter 11 .
GM went back into the workshop and emerged with slicker , sleeker vehicles designed at its studios in Australia ( the blue one ) , California ( black ) and Europe ( red ) .
They 're all the same under that futuristic skin and ride on a common " skateboard " chassis that carries the electric drivetrain .
There 's a motor in each wheel and a lithium - ion battery .
It 's got " dynamic stabilization technology " so it can balance on two wheels , and GM says it can " literally turn on a dime . "
It also says the vehicles have a range of 25 miles and a top speed of 25 mph , which it says is more than adequate for daily city driving .
Because this is the future we 're talking about , the EN - Vs are super - connected .
They 'll use GPS , distance - sensing technology and vehicle - to - vehicle communications to ease congestion and reduce the risk of accidents .
GM says the vehicles can " sense " what 's around them and react quickly to obstacles or changes in driving conditions .
All the gadgetry , which builds on things like adaptive cruise control you already see in cars , means you can drive them or they can drive themselves .
Just the thing for getting home after a night on the town .
" The EN - V concept represents a major breakthrough in the research that GM has been doing to bring vehicle autonomy to life , " said Alan Taub , global VPof research and development .
The EN - Vs are just concepts , and it seems doubtful we 'll see them on the road anytime soon , if ever .
But production is n't the point of vehicles like this .
The point is to consider what 's possible and reimagine how we get around .
" The future of how we move around in urban areas like Shanghai can combine the best of personal mobility and public transit , " Taub said .
" There is a better solution and it is called EN - V .
It demonstrates that we have both the knowledge and the ability right now to create a way to move people that not only ensures a ' better city ' but also offers people a ' better life . ' "
The vehicles will be featured at the World Expo 2010 that starts May 1 in Shanghai .
Images : General Motors
This is the Wikipedia article for Jenna Rose as it existed on October 14 , 2011 .
It is possible that it will soon be deleted , so I am postin ...
Last week , a leaked Dutch memo on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) , a secret copyright treaty , identified the countries whose negotiators were opposed to bringing transparency to the negotiation process .
The worst offenders were the US , South Korea , Singapore and Denmark .
Now , activists in these countries are banging the drum , demanding to know why their governments are standing in the way of public participation in a treaty - making process that will have wide - ranging implications for all Internet users , and it 's working .
In this video clip , Danish activist Henrik Moltke appeared on Danish television and did an excellent job of explaining what ACTA means and how Denmark 's intransigence in ACTA transparency is a global disgrace .
( Henrik tells me that his employer , Socialsquare , are giving him the time he needs to work on this — how cool ! )
We 're getting results .
Today , the Danish minister responsible for ACTA negotiations was told that she must account for Denmark 's position .
I 'm sure other countries will follow .
The question is , will the Obama administration — a supposed paragon of transparency — join Denmark in opening a dialog on whether copyright negotiations should take place in smoke - filled rooms , away from the press and public ?
Henrik Moltke talks about ACTA on Danish TV
Lene Espersen , in consultation on anti-piracy agreement
I wrote this lesson with a friend of mine when we were going to school to get our certifications .
While we were learning about the lesson plan writing process , a lot of time was spent discussing the “ Initiation ” of a lesson , or rather , what were you as a teacher going to do to get your students interested in learning for the period ?
What was your “ hook ? ”
We were told that if you came prepared with a great initiation , then the rest of your lesson would be successful .
So , I thought for a few minutes about how my teachers used to initiate lessons when I was in school , and whether or not they succeeded in capturing my attention .
Here ’s what I came up with :
1 . “ Take out your books and open to page 65 . ”
( Wait , what ?
What page did she say ?
I turn to my neighbor and ask them , but they did n’t hear either .
Shoot .
I ’ll just pretend like I ’m following along . )
2 . “ Does anyone remember what we learned yesterday ? ”
( Do you ?
Are n’t you the teacher ?
I do n’t think I should be held accountable if you ’re not going to be . )
3 . “ Well , the photocopier was broken this morning , so why do n’t you just go ahead and read the next chapter on your own . ”
( Yes !
I love it when the copier is broken .
Now , I can open my book and pretend to read while I write a note to my friend .
Probably about boys . )
4 . “ I have half a muffin left … does anyone want it ? ”
( I do !!
I LOVE history class !!)
5 . ” We ’re watching a movie today .
No talking . ”
( Ha !
He did n’t say no passing notes .
And he ALSO did n’t say we had to take notes , even better !! )
6 . “ Amy , you ’re late .
Where were you ?
We were going to start our lesson but now you ’ve interrupted the whole class . ”
( I forgot my book in my locker .
Plus , I ’m pretty sure YOU just interrupted the whole class . )
7 . “ Raise your hand if you are still confused about yesterday ’s lesson . ”
( Yeah , right .
I ’ve been confused since 2 weeks ago , I ’m sure as hell not gonna raise my hand now so that the whole class can laugh at me . )
8 . “ When I call your name , say yes or no if you did your homework .
Hold it up so I can see it ! ”
( Hmm .
This homework from last week sort of looks like last night ’s homework .
I ’ll hold this up instead and see what happens . )
Well .
Seems like I spent most of the time trying not to get in trouble , and much less time actually learning anything .
Since initiations really did seem important , my friend and I spent a lot of time coming up with ours .
Our lesson was on negative space , and found object sculpture .
Instead of stating the topic and handing out an informative packet , here ’s what we did instead :
Students enter the classroom .
Right inside the door , there is a clothesline strung up .
Hanging from it , are plastic monkeys from a Barrel of Monkeys .
One per kid , and attached to each is a slip of paper with each kids name on it ( enabling you to take attendance without actually calling out names ) .
Students are instructed to find their monkey and have a seat .
“ Today you will be building a habitat for your monkey .
Under this sheet ( spread out on table with found objects , or junk , underneath ) you will find everything you need to create your habitat .
When building your monkey a home , think about how he will use his surroundings .
He will need to climb , sleep , etc , but he will also need enough room around each feature to be able to interact with his environment .
This is your negative space .
Take both the positive and negative space into consideration when building your habitat .
At the end , display your monkey in his environment .
Ready , set , go ! ”
The sheet is then whisked away , and the students dive right in to find the “ best ” pieces of junk for their sculpture .
Of course , this lesson might not be for you .
Maybe you do n’t feel like building with found objects .
That ’s ok .
But this lesson has always been wildly popular , and I believe it ’s because of the initiation .
The odd act of being given a monkey when you walk into class .
The suspense of wondering what ’s under the sheet .
If you have a desire to get your students involved in learning instead of chowing down on muffins , I ’d recommend putting some thought into your initiation .
First impressions are everything , and a little plastic monkey would have made a big impression on me .
Get the full lesson plan here !
Get the Rubric
When I was in college studying journalism , there were several practices that were preached .
After entering the real world , I found that the preached practices were often , in fact , not practiced .
One of those was the idea of follow - up .
This is especially true with television .
Back in January , Haiti was rocked by a devasting earthquake .
However , it seems after the body counts were complete the press left .
Now we get an occasional story in which the reporter will do “ people stories ” relating to the plight of individuals , but , rarely is there a story relating to the overall condition of the country .
I had written about a member of a group called Edge Outreach who moved his entire family to the Dominican Republic ( DR ) for the purpose of developing wells to bring clean water to remote locations in the DR .
When the earthquake struck , he immediately traveled to Haiti and Edge Outreach began digging wells to bring clean water to Haiti .
A couple of days ago , he said that the DR had an earthquake of magnitude 5.1 and said that there had been some deaths .
I have been unable to confirm that report except that , indeed , there was a 5.1 earthquake in the Dominican Republic but that it was centered 86 km below the surface , or about 53 miles , which is so deep that one would not expect any exceptional effects on the surface .
He went to Haiti the next day and , upon his return , found that there was an extreme fuel shortage .
There is the old philosophical question , “ if a tree falls in the woods and no one is there to hear or see it , did the tree really fall ? ”
In the case of Haiti , even if there have been no recent stories regarding the relief effort going on in Haiti , it does not mean that nothing is happening .
There is still a massive UN presence and numerous international relief agencies and good samaratins working to help the ailing country .
There was supposed to be elections in Haiti last February that were cancelled .
Most elected positions in Haiti are slated to expire soon .
So , the Haitian Parliament has voted to basically turn over control of the country ’s rebuilding effort to others .
President Bill Clinton will co-chair the Interim Haiti Reconstruction Commission which will oversee the use of more than $ 5.3 billion in aid scheduled for dispersement to Haiti over the next 18 months .
Clinton ’s co-chair will be Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive and the Haitian state of emergency will be extended to cover the 18 month period .
All of this makes the fuel shortage all that more perplexing .
It ’s a bit difficult to ascertain the underlying cause of the fuel shortage but the basic problem is a delayed shipment of fuel .
One might think with the United States and its refining capacity and transportation ability so close that this would not be an issue .
Just after the quake , there were fuel shortages due to damaged infrastructure that prevented its delivery .
Black markets for fuel sprang up as people bought pirated fuel from barrels off of trucks or from broken fuel tanks .
But , the fuel delivery infrastructure was repaired .
As it turns out , Venezuela had offered a subsidized deal to provide fuel twice a month to Haiti .
But , the most recent shipment was delayed as ships were diverted to Antigua and Barbuda .
I suppose that in Venezuela ’s PetroCaribe program , even a nation that gets preferred terms like Haiti has to wait its turn .
In the interim , trucks from Haiti ’s next door neighbor , the Dominican Republic , tried to plug the gap by making a delivery .
But , the Miami Herald reports that trucks were turned back at the border after Haiti ’s Minister of Finance ordered the shipments halted .
It ’s amazing that a recent survey by Oxfam of 1700 Haitian respondents found that 40 % of the Haitian people want foreigners to run the reconstruction project .
With President Clinton teaming with Prime Minister Bellerive , it appears that the efforts for the next 18 months will be a joint venture of local and international leadership .
I think most people have confidence that President Clinton will be able to steer the process in the most efficient direction as possible .
Yet , it will be interesting to see how the commission is able to work through the politics and bureacracy of the region .
Weather Bottom Line : Forecast going on just fine .
Scattered t’shower or two may pop up on Friday but this weekend may be interesting .
There is a strong disturbance coming out of the west that will be breaking into pieces and it will be difficult to determine how it shakes out until we get closer to the weekend .
But , I ’ve been talking about the weekend looking interesting and the SPC has an area in the Lower Mississipppi Valley that they are looking at for a good shot for widespread severe weather including tornadoes .
I would not be surprised if sometime on Saturday and or Sunday that our region will be a potential spot for some troublesome weather …probably not wide spread , but the threat will probably develop .
Lots of “ probably ” there , so at this point just be aware that there is some potential for some rough spots this weekend .
* Britain pushing huge N.Sea expansion of offshore wind
* Submerged “ Doggerland ” may hide archaeological sites
OSLO , March 23 ( Reuters ) - Energy firms taking part in a North Sea boom for offshore wind farms will have to watch out for remains of Stone Age villages submerged for thousands of years , an expert said on Tuesday .
A region dubbed “ Doggerland ” connected Britain to mainland Europe across what is now the southern North Sea until about 8,000 years ago , when seas rose after the last Ice Age .
It is now the site of a planned vast expansion of offshore wind power by 2020 to help combat climate change .
“ We ’ve begun to think about how we ’d tackle any archaeological finds , ” Adrian Fox , supply chain manager of the Crown Estate which leases land off Britain , told Reuters during a conference in Oslo about offshore wind .
He said planners were trying to consider every challenge of offshore wind farming -- from upgrading port capacity to finding more specialised vessels to help install the turbines .
Discoveries of ancient Roman sites in London have sometimes held up construction projects for years .
“ We want to decide how to treat ( archaeology ) reasonably so we do n’t hold up projects for ever , ” Fox said .
Over the decades , North Sea trawlers have netted artefacts including a harpoon made of antler , and bones of mammoths and reindeer .
Archaeologists ’ studies suggest Doggerland would have been a fertile region before it was swamped by ice melt .
Britain is leading a drive to exploit wind energy in the North Sea with licences for a capacity of about 32 gigawatts , part of a European Union push to get 20 percent of energy from renewable sources by 2020 .
DOGGER BANK
The biggest will be on the Dogger Bank , where waters are between 18 metres and 63 metres ( 60 -205 feet ) deep , by the Forewind Consortium of Scottish and Southern Energy , RWE npower RWEG.DE , Statoil STL.OL and Statkraft STATK .UL .
Julian Brown , director of the British consultancy BVG Associates , said that turbine manufacturers around the world were showing interest in the North Sea .
“ We have a list of 13 turbine manufacturers who ’d like a role in the UK offshore , ” he said .
The companies include Siemens SIEGn.DE , Vestas VWS.CO , General Electric GE.N , China 's Sinovel and Goldwind 002202 .SZ , he said , adding that there would probably not be space for all of them .
Forecasts for the growth of offshore wind farms in Europe imply investments of between 100 and 150 billion euros ( $ 135-200 billion ) over the next decade , said Erlend Broli of Norway ’s Statkraft .
All experts said costs had to come down to make offshore wind more competitive .
The conference was organised by Norway ’s INTPOW group , which promotes renewable energies .
( Editing by Kevin Liffey )
m=0 m=1 m=2 m=3 m=4 m=5 m=6 m=7 m=8 m=9 n=1
l=0 n=2
l=0 n=2
l=1 n=3
l=0 n=3
l=1 n=3
l=2 n=4
l=0 n=4
l=1 n=4
l=2 n=4
l=3 n=5
l=0 n=5
l=1 n=5
l=2 n=5
l=3 n=5
l=4 n=6
l=0 n=6
l=1 n=6
l=2 n=6
l=3 n=6
l=4 n=6
l=5 n=7
l=0 n=7
l=1 n=7
l=2 n=7
l=3 n=7
l=4 n=7
l=5 n=7
l=6 n=8
l=0 n=8
l=1 n=8
l=2 n=8
l=3 n=8
l=4 n=8
l=5 n=8
l=6 n=8
l=7 n=9
l=0 n=9
l=1 n=9
l=2 n=9
l=3 n=9
l=4 n=9
l=5 n=9
l=6 n=9
l=7 n=9
l=8 n=10
l=0 n=10
l=1 n=10
l=2 n=10
l=3 n=10
l=4 n=10
l=5 n=10
l=6 n=10
l=7 n=10
l=8 n=10
l=9
Return to top of page .
l=0 l=1 l=2 l=3 l=4 l=5 l=6 l=7 l=8 l=9 n=1
m=0 n=2
m=0 n=2
m =1 n=3
m=0 n=3
m =1 n=3
m=2 n=4
m=0 n=4
m=1 n=4
m=2 n=4
m=3 n=5
m=0 n=5
m =1 n=5
m=2 n=5
m=3 n=5
m=4 n=6
m=0 n=6
m =1 n=6
m=2 n=6
m=3 n=6
m=4 n=6
m=5 n=7
m=0 n=7
m=1 n=7
m=2 n=7
m=3 n=7
m=4 n=7
m=5 n=7
m=6 n=8
m=0 n=8
m =1 n=8
m=2 n=8
m=3 n=8
m=4 n=8
m=5 n=8
m=6 n=8
m=7 n=9
m=0 n=9
m =1 n=9
m=2 n=9
m=3 n=9
m=4 n=9
m=5 n=9
m=6 n=9
m=7 n=9
m=8 n=10
m=0 n=10
m =1 n=10
m=2 n=10
m=3 n=10
m=4 n=10
m=5 n=10
m=6 n=10
m=7 n=10
m=8 n=10
m=9
Return to top of page .
n=1 n=2 n=3 n=4 n=5 n=6 n=7 n=8 n=9 n=10 l=0
m=0 l=1
m=0 l=1
m=1 l=2
m=0 l=2
m=1 l=2
m=2 l=3
m=0 l=3
m =1 l=3
m=2 l=3
m=3 l=4
m=0 l=4
m=1 l=4
m=2 l=4
m=3 l=4
m=4 l=5
m=0 l=5
m=1 l=5
m=2 l=5
m=3 l=5
m=4 l=5
m=5 l=6
m=0 l=6
m=1 l=6
m=2 l=6
m=3 l=6
m=4 l=6
m=5 l=6
m=6 l=7
m=0 l=7
m=1 l=7
m=2 l=7
m=3 l=7
m=4 l=7
m=5 l=7
m=6 l=7
m=7 l=8
m=0 l=8
m=1 l=8
m=2 l=8
m=3 l=8
m=4 l=8
m=5 l=8
m=6 l=8
m=7 l=8
m=8 l=9
m=0 l=9
m =1 l=9
m=2 l=9
m=3 l=9
m=4 l=9
m=5 l=9
m=6 l=9
m=7 l=9
m=8 l=9
m=9
Return to top of page .
m=0 m=1 m=2 m=3 m=4 m=5 m=6 m=7 m=8 m=9 n-l=1
l-m=0 n-l=1
l-m=1 n-l=1
l-m=2 n-l=1
l-m=3 n-l=1
l-m=4 n-l=1
l-m=5 n-l=1
l-m=6 n-l=1
l-m=7 n-l=1
l-m=8 n-l=1
l-m=9 n-l=2
l-m=0 n-l=2
l-m=1 n-l=2
l-m=2 n-l=2
l-m=3 n-l=2
l-m=4 n-l=2
l-m=5 n-l=2
l-m=6 n-l=2
l-m=7 n-l=2
l-m=8 n-l=3
l-m=0 n-l=3
l-m=1 n-l=3
l-m=2 n-l=3
l-m=3 n-l=3
l-m=4 n-l=3
l-m=5 n-l=3
l-m=6 n-l=3
l-m=7 n-l=4
l-m=0 n-l=4
l-m=1 n-l=4
l-m=2 n-l=4
l-m=3 n-l=4
l-m=4 n-l=4
l-m=5 n-l=4
l-m=6 n-l=5
l-m=0 n-l=5
l-m=1 n-l=5
l-m=2 n-l=5
l-m=3 n-l=5
l-m=4 n-l=5
l-m=5 n-l=6
l-m=0 n-l=6
l-m=1 n-l=6
l-m=2 n-l=6
l-m=3 n-l=6
l-m=4 n-l=7
l-m=0 n-l=7
l-m=1 n-l=7
l-m=2 n-l=7
l-m=3 n-l=8
l-m=0 n-l=8
l-m=1 n-l=8
l-m=2 n-l=9
l-m=0 n-l=9
l-m=1 n-l=10
l-m=0
Return to top of page .
l-m=0 l-m=1 l-m=2 l-m=3 l-m=4 l-m=5 l-m=6 l-m=7 l-m=8 l-m=9 n-l=1
m=0 n-l=1
m=1 n-l=1
m=2 n-l=1
m=3 n-l=1
m=4 n-l=1
m=5 n-l=1
m=6 n-l=1
m=7 n-l=1
m=8 n-l=1
m=9 n-l=2
m=0 n-l=2
m=1 n-l=2
m=2 n-l=2
m=3 n-l=2
m=4 n-l=2
m=5 n-l=2
m=6 n-l=2
m=7 n-l=2
m=8 n-l=3
m=0 n-l=3
m=1 n-l=3
m=2 n-l=3
m=3 n-l=3
m=4 n-l=3
m=5 n-l=3
m=6 n-l=3
m=7 n-l=4
m=0 n-l=4
m=1 n-l=4
m=2 n-l=4
m=3 n-l=4
m=4 n-l=4
m=5 n-l=4
m=6 n-l=5
m=0 n-l=5
m=1 n-l=5
m=2 n-l=5
m=3 n-l=5
m=4 n-l=5
m=5 n-l=6
m=0 n-l=6
m=1 n-l=6
m=2 n-l=6
m=3 n-l=6
m=4 n-l=7
m=0 n-l=7
m=1 n-l=7
m=2 n-l=7
m=3 n-l=8
m=0 n-l=8
m=1 n-l=8
m=2 n-l=9
m=0 n-l=9
m=1 n-l=10
m=0
Return to top of page .
n -l=1 n-l=2 n-l=3 n-l=4 n-l=5 n-l=6 n-l=7 n-l=8 n-l=9 n-l=10 l-m=0
m=0 l-m=0
m=1 l-m=0
m=2 l-m=0
m=3 l-m=0
m=4 l-m=0
m=5 l-m=0
m=6 l-m=0
m=7 l-m=0
m=8 l-m=0
m=9 l-m=1
m=0 l-m=1
m=1 l-m=1
m=2 l-m=1
m=3 l-m=1
m=4 l-m=1
m=5 l-m=1
m=6 l-m=1
m=7 l-m=1
m=8 l-m=2
m=0 l-m=2
m=1 l-m=2
m=2 l-m=2
m=3 l-m=2
m=4 l-m=2
m=5 l-m=2
m=6 l-m=2
m=7 l-m=3
m=0 l-m=3
m=1 l-m=3
m=2 l-m=3
m=3 l-m=3
m=4 l-m=3
m=5 l-m=3
m=6 l-m=4
m=0 l-m=4
m=1 l-m=4
m=2 l-m=4
m=3 l-m=4
m=4 l-m=4
m=5 l-m=5
m=0 l-m=5
m=1 l-m=5
m=2 l-m=5
m=3 l-m=5
m=4 l-m=6
m=0 l-m=6
m=1 l-m=6
m=2 l-m=6
m=3 l-m=7
m=0 l-m=7
m=1 l-m=7
m=2 l-m=8
m=0 l-m=8
m=1 l-m=9
m=0
Return to top of page .
Return to Atomic Orbitals or the Site Map .
North Korea has adopted a new war invasion strategy and shifted troop reserves accordingly , according to JoongAng Daily .
The new plan calls for the immediate occupation of part of Seoul , followed by negotiations for a cease - fire .
It replaces plans for a Sherman 's March - type invasion .
Bonus : 14 looming crises you must be aware of >
While it could be mere posturing , the plan shows ruthless understanding of the peninsula balance of power .
South Korea is too timid to retaliate when attacked .
North Korea has a failed economy and wants to move from charity case to parasite .
Donald Kirk makes a similar argument at Asia Times :
South Korea is doing so well economically and living standards are so high that the idea of seeking anything other than rhetorical revenge for the sinking of the Cheonan with a loss of 46 lives on March 26 appears almost unthinkable .
Certainly South Korea would get no support for such a venture from its American ally , bogged down in wars in the Middle East and attempting to force South Korean generals reluctantly to believe they should take full command of all forces in the South in the event of a second Korean war .
While South Korea 's economy grows at a pace ahead of that of the rest of the industrial world , South Korean military people worry over what they see as the North 's alarming new strategy .
That is , to chip away at the South Koreans with attacks such as that on the hapless navy corvette in the West or Yellow Sea - and maybe bold quick hits on Seoul and Incheon .
There was more evidence of militarization over the weekend , as North Korea seized a joint - operated hotel near the border .
Can Kim Jong - il poach one of the Four Asian Tigers ?
Here 's What You Need To Know About The South Korea Economy -->
Episodes / Stories
Short stories of occult , metaphysical , and fantastical horror that will follow you to the visions of your sleep .
THE DARK VERSE is a multiverse of Lovecraftian terror written and narrated by M. Amanuensis Sharkchild .
The stories are available by podcast ( free mp3 downloads ) , award - winning hardcover books , and ebooks .
Listen to and download all of THE DARK VERSE episodes or purchase signed copies of the hardcover books below :
20 % OFF your order of THE DARK VERSE books with the code TRUEVISION
You know the expression " time is money . "
The converse is also true : if you 've got time , you can save a lot of money .
Hart 's new engine , for example , was a 22 year old Volvo diesel that had never been used .
How 's that ?
A guy who had been building a boat in his Portland backyard had installed the Volvo , but died before the boat was completed .
When somebody else bought the project , they removed the brand new Volvo in favor of a Yanmar diesel .
The patient Hart was the lucky beneficiary .
When it comes to cruising gear , Hart is a minimalist .
Hooligan is equipped with a GPS , depthsounder .
a VHF , and an Icom receiver - but no Ham or SSB radio , no radar , and no liferaft .
Hart does n't carry an EPIRB either .
' The way I look at It , " he explains , " I 'm the one who decides to go sailing on the ocean , so it 's up to me to get myself back .
For example , my prop shaft started falling out of my boat in the middle of the Indian Ocean .
I had no choice but to dive overboard and save it , because you have to do what you have to do .
And I made it safely to Sri Lanka , so that was that .
My attitude is that nobody who goes to sea should ever expect to be rescued .
I might feel different if I were responsible for somebody besides myself , but I 'm not . "
Hart is adamant about his most valuable piece of equipment .
" My Monitor self - steering vane . "
The singlehanded sailor is the first to admit that his " minimalist cruising " hero was Don Cutty , also of San Diego and of some number of years ago .
" Cutty had a Columbia Sabre , which is a 5.5 racing boat with a tiny cabin , " says Hart .
" He had a very simple and inexpensive boat , he did n't have an engine .
He hardly had any gear at all , and he had no money .
But he ate what the locals ate and seemed to have more than the cruisers with the big boats and all the gear .
By sailing from California to Massachusetts on a shoestring and having such a great time , he demonstrated to me that you did n't have to spend $ 150,000 for a boat and $ 50,000 for electronics to go ocean cruising . "
Hart started his inadvertent circumnavigation by sailing to the Marshall and Caroline Islands , which he found very enjoyable , and the Philippines , which was to be his favorite stop of all .
" I usually do most of my own boatwork , " he says , " but in the Philippines I could get excellent workers for $ 6 a day .
This was at a place 25 miles north of Cebu City which is known as the gun-making center of the Philippines .
Using nothing but a drill press and hand tools , these guys sit under trees all day long creating handmade knock - offs of Uzi machine guns , Smith & Wesson pistols and rifles - whatever you want .
All made by hand .
One of my workers carried a Smith & Wesson 44 magnum - that was chambered out to fire a 5.56 millimeter bullet - which is what 's used in M- l6s .
He offered to make me one for $ 80 . "
Hart continued on to Singapore and Sri Lanka - and in both places realized how dangerous it could be trying to sail across the shipping lanes that connect the oil rich Middle East with the industrialized Far East .
" Approaching Singapore .
I was almost run down four times in one afternoon - in broad daylight .
I also had a difficult time on my way from Sri Lanka
While Hart had some good experiences in Africa , he considers it the worst place he visited .
" All along the East Coast of Africa the paperwork was a big hassle and all the officials had their hands out .
And while in Mombassa , two guys jumped me .
We rolled around in the dirt for awhile , but they did n't get anything .
The officials were much more efficient in South Africa and did n't ask for bribes .
Nonetheless , I was jumped by three hoodlums in the middle of the day on a main street in downtown Durban .
They got away with my wallet and stuff . "
It was also along the dangerous coast of Africa that Hart experienced his worst weather .
" My Cascade and I got beat up pretty badly by a big storm off of Richard 's Bay .
The top of the main pulled off the mast , the boom broke , and I ran out of fuel .
But you do what you have to do , and I limped into Durban with a double - reefed loose - footed main .
Incidentally , this was the only really bad weather I had on the entire trip , as other than this storm , I never saw more than 30 knots of wind . "
Harts haul - out in Durban was enough to restore his faith in humanity .
The haulout was $ 30 , the bottom paint was $ 60 and he paid $ 20 to have it put on .
Where else could you get a 29 - footer hauled and painted for $ 110 U.S. ?
A local metalworker came by when he heard Hart needed a new boom .
The guy had a used boom , and after careful measuring and a lot of custom work on a new gooseneck , sold it to Hart for less than $ 200 .
Hart was able to live inexpensively because the extremely hospitable South African yacht clubs usually offered free berthing .
In addition , he was getting asked out to dinner nearly every night .
" I still get letters from friends in South Africa , " says Hart .
It 's not that It was ever costing the singlehander much to cruise .
" I was getting by on $ 600 to $ 800 a month - everything included .
One way I saved lots of money over other cruisers is that I do n't smoke or drink .
Since I did n't indulge in those things , I could buy the very best food . "
Most polymers -- materials made of long , chain - like molecules -- are very good insulators for both heat and electricity .
But an MIT team has found a way to transform the most widely used polymer , polyethylene , into a material that conducts heat just as well as most metals , yet remains an electrical insulator .
The new process causes the polymer to conduct heat very efficiently in just one direction , unlike metals , which conduct equally well in all directions .
This may make the new material especially useful for applications where it is important to draw heat away from an object , such as a computer processor chip .
The work is described in a paper published on March 7 in Nature Nanotechnology .
The key to the transformation was getting all the polymer molecules to line up the same way , rather than forming a chaotic tangled mass , as they normally do .
The team did that by slowly drawing a polyethylene fiber out of a solution , using the finely controllable cantilever of an atomic force microscope , which they also used to measure the properties of the resulting fiber .
This fiber was about 300 times more thermally conductive than normal polyethylene along the direction of the individual fibers , says the team 's leader , Gang Chen , the Carl Richard Soderberg Professor of Power Engineering and director of MIT 's Pappalardo Micro and Nano Engineering Laboratories .
The high thermal conductivity could make such fibers useful for dissipating heat in many applications where metals are now used , such as solar hot water collectors , heat exchangers and electronics .
Chen explains that most attempts to create polymers with improved thermal conductivity have focused on adding in other materials , such as carbon nanotubes , but these have achieved only modest increases in conductivity because the interfaces between the two kinds of material tend to add thermal resistance .
" The interfaces actually scatter heat , so you do n't get much improvement , " Chen says .
But using this new method , the conductivity was enhanced so much that it was actually better than that of about half of all pure metals , including iron and platinum .
Producing the new fibers , in which the polymer molecules are all aligned instead of jumbled , required a two - stage process , explains graduate student Sheng Shen , the lead author of the paper .
The polymer is initially heated and drawn out , then heated again to stretch it further .
" Once it solidifies at room temperature , you can't do any large deformation , " Shen says , " so we heat it up twice . "
Even greater gains are likely to be possible as the technique is improved , says Chen , noting that the results achieved so far already represent the highest thermal conductivity ever seen in any polymer material .
Already , the degree of conductivity they produce , if such fibers could be made in quantity , could provide a cheaper alternative to metals used for heat transfer in many applications , especially ones where the directional characteristics would come in handy , such as heat - exchanger fins ( like the coils on the back of a refrigerator or in an air conditioner ) , cell - phone casings or the plastic packaging for computer chips .
Other applications might be devised that take advantage of the material 's unusual combination of thermal conductivity with light weight , chemical stability and electrical insulation .
So far , the team has just produced individual fibers in a laboratory setting , Chen says , but " we 're hoping that down the road , we can scale up to a macro scale , " producing whole sheets of material with the same properties .
Ravi Prasher , an engineer at Intel , says that " the quality of the work from Prof .
Chen 's group has always been phenomenal , " and adds that " this is a very significant finding " that could have many applications in electronics .
The remaining question , he says , is " how scalable is the manufacturing of these fibers ?
How easy is it to integrate these fibers in real - world applications ? "
This work , which also included Chen 's former graduate students Asegun Henry and Jonathan Tong , was supported by the National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy 's Office of Basic Energy Sciences .
Honda Racing Team
Honda ( UK ) and Team Dynamics Motorsport have announced the Honda Racing Team driver line - up for the assault on the 2010 Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship .
Matt Neal , the two - time BTCC champion will be partnered once again by Gordon “ Flash ” Shedden – and this marks a reunion of the two drivers who had competed together in 2007 for Honda .
Honda ’s traditional racing color – Championship
White paint , will be worn by this year ’s racing Civics .
In fact , this paint is that of the new Civic Type R MUGEN 200 cars too !
Steve Neal , the Team Principal of Team Dynamics said that Team Dynamics and Honda have a huge heritage , the brand has won two championships back to back , and having the support of Honda ( UK ) is great – a company is backing a car that has been built in Britain .
The fans of the Touring Cars will also be given the chance to win a one - off Civic Type R MUGEN Concept car , in a competition that would be running in participating Honda dealerships .
This will be on at each BTCC round and on Honda .
co.uk / btcc from the season ’s start .
The event also has the support of Yuasa , a leading company dealing in automotive and motorcycle batteries and industrial batteries .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) is n't just another secret treaty — it 's a way of life .
If ACTA passes in anything like its current form , it will create an entirely new international secretariat to administer and extend the agreement .
Knowledge Ecology International got its hands on more of the leaked ACTA text this week , including a chapter on " Institutional Arrangements " that has not leaked before .
The chapter makes clear that ACTA will be far more than a standard trade agreement ; it appears to be nothing less than an attempt to make a new international institution that will handle some of the duties of groups like the WTO and WIPO .
Why bother ?
Well , from the perspective of countries like the US , the existing institutions have problems .
For one , they feature a huge number of nations , some of whom have blocked some of the anti-counterfeiting provisions desired by the US and others .
Call this the UN problem — getting much done with so many people in attendance can be tricky , and ACTA has become a " coalition of the willing " who have decided to go form their own club instead .
But WIPO , especially , has also opened up over the last decade , and now has robust rules for the participation of consumer groups and other non-governmental organizations .
It also requires far more transparency , with the publication of proposals and draft texts throughout a negotiating process .
As we have seen too clearly , ACTA has none of this .
Jamie Love of KEI claims that the US Trade Representative has already " told members of Congress it is their intention to marginalize the participation by consumer interest organizations in the new forum . "
The new ACTA secretariat wo n't be a mere administrator .
The leaked chapter makes clear that the new governing body will " make recommendations regarding the implementation of ACTA " and will itself " identify and monitor techniques of piracy and counterfeiting . "
In other ACTA news , a separate chapter has also leaked , and in it the EU wants to make sure that criminal penalties exist for " cases of willful trademark counterfeiting and copyright or related rights piracy on a commercial scale . "
On a " commercial scale " does n't mean that such infringement must be done for financial gain , however ; it also includes " significant willful copyright or related rights infringements that have no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain . "
Despite the public support of President Obama , ACTA is running into bad press throughout the world .
The European Parliament last week even managed to pass a strong resolution of displeasure with the ACTA process , which passed 633- 13 .
From brand to brand , garlic powder comes in different textures and colors ; here ’s how to use each the best way .
A Canadian nuclear scientist who has not been seen for more than a month has simply vanished , leaving " absolutely no trace at all , " police say .
Lachlan Cranswick , 41 , a physicist from the Chalk River Laboratories nuclear facility in Ottawa , was last seen on Jan. 18 , when he left his job and boarded a bus to Deep River , his hometown along the Ottawa River with a population of roughly 4,300 .
Later that day , or possibly the next morning , Cranswick took out the garbage -- and the single man described as a meticulous loner has not been seen since .
" It is open and there is nothing else we can do with it , " said Const .
Darin Faris , the Deep River police officer conducting the investigation .
" Every bit of information , every lead that came in , everything ... has led us nowhere . "
Faris said Cranswick 's friends notified police of his disappearance six days after he was last seen , leading to fruitless searches of a 9 - mile - long stretch of land along the Ottawa River .
Helicopters , tracking dogs and civilians were unable to find a trace of the man .
Faris said investigators have no reason to believe Cranswick was targeted or that he was a victim of a crime .
" It 's not like he 's a reactor designer or that he knows how to use them , " Faris told FoxNews.com .
" He 's not someone who , if you gave him highly enriched uranium , he could make a bomb .
He 's not that kind of person . "
Investigators at first thought Cranswick had gotten lost while walking along several nearby trails , but every item he typically took on those trips -- at least two flashlights , a whistle and a GPS system -- was found in his unlocked home , along with his wallet , keys and passport .
" We do n't believe he got lost , " Faris said .
" He 's meticulous in all points of detail . "
Faris acknowledged the possibility that Cranswick lost his way and fell through ice on the Ottawa River , or perhaps he was attacked by a wolf , coyote or bear , but investigators have found no evidence to support those theories .
" The average person would come to the conclusion -- it 's not a good feeling , " he said .
" There 's absolutely no evidence either way .
There 's absolutely no trace at all . "
Daniel Banks , a colleague of Cranswick 's at Chalk River Laboratories , said he saw no change in Cranswicks ' demeanor prior to his disappearance .
" There was no indication he was going anywhere , " Banks said .
" Everyone has said that he seemed normal , especially during the time leading up to the disappearance . "
Cranswick , an avid curler , specialized in conducting experiments in structural chemistry and Earth sciences , Banks said .
Anyone with information regarding Cranswick is requested to contact the Deep River Police Department at ( 613 ) 584-3500 .
Anders Carlsson , an Apple employee , announced today on the WebKit mailing list an evolution of the WebKit project called WebKit2 .
WebKit2 's major aims are to bake both a " split process model " and a non-blocking API into the WebKit product — and by extension into Safari and any other client which takes advantage of the WebKit2 framework .
Google 's Chrome browser launched in late 2008 with what 's called a split process model , one in which each WebKit view runs in its own process .
This means that when a bad plugin or a bug in the renderer causes an error , only that tab will crash instead of the entire browser .
IE8 has a similar system and Firefox is exploring one as well with Electrolysis .
Apple 's Safari 4 gained a related feature under Mac OS 10.6 , which runs plugins like Adobe 's Flash in a separate process and prevents the whole browser from crashing due to plugin faults .
WebKit2 validates that approach by building support for split processes directly into the rendering engine .
Out of my way !
Another goal of WebKit2 is to implement the API to the framework in a completely non-blocking manner .
This means that developers can hook into API methods with various kinds of callbacks in order to receive notifications from WebKit views .
For example , in my application I might want to load a webpage .
I would call the loadWebsite method ( which I just made up ) , pass it my URL , and additionally specify a callback method or block of code I would like to have attached to a particular event — say didFinishLoadForFrame ( which I did not make up ) .
Whenever the webpage is done rendering , my code would be executed or my method called or pinged .
This should result in much more responsive applications which hook into WebKit2 .
Theoretically , while the renderer is rendering something , the main application loop can move on to doing something else as requested by a user .
There are three techniques currently implemented to achieve this goal : notification - style client callbacks , policy - style client callbacks , and policy settings .
A fourth method , code injection which can interact directly with the DOM , is proposed but not yet implemented .
These are described in more detail on the project page .
The neat thing about Apple 's implementation is that these abilities can be used and exploited by all downstream clients of WebKit2 , since they are baked right into the framework — in contrast to the tack taken in Google Chrome .
The end user of an application that uses WebKit2 will get a more stable product and developers can take advantage of these enhancements without having to implement their own solutions or jump through unnecessary hoops .
WebKit2 is currently supported on Windows and OS X — the two platforms on which Apple deploys Safari .
Linux support is not mentioned at this time .
Enlarge By Dan Koeck , for USA TODAY The Governors Highway Safety Association , which represents state highway safety offices , issued a report in 2005 stating that police in 42 states routinely let drivers exceed speed limits .
The recession may be claiming a new victim : the 5 - 10 - mph " cushion " police and state troopers across the USA have routinely given motorists exceeding the speed limit .
As cities and states scramble to fill budget gaps with revenue from traffic citations , " not only are the ( speeding ) tolerances much lower , but the frequency of a warning instead of a ticket is way down , " says James Baxter , president of the National Motorists Association , a Wisconsin - based drivers ' rights group that helps its members fight speeding tickets .
" Most people , if they 're stopped now , are getting a ticket even if it 's only a minor violation of a few miles per hour , " Baxter says .
He cites anecdotal evidence of drivers being pulled over at slower speeds .
RECESSION AND POLICE : Police escort fewer funeral processions NEW POLICE CAR DESIGN : Automakers ' competition fierce for law - enforcement fleets Tim Davenport , 42 , of Kansas City , Mo. , was recently stopped on 15th Street in Blue Springs , Mo. , and ticketed for going 40 mph in a 35 - mph zone — although the police officer initially ticketed him for 40 in a 25 , he says .
" I drove down that road again , and the posted limit was 35 , " he says .
" I figured the judge would n't accept that , since I was over the speed limit , and would still charge me with it .
So I went ahead and paid " the $ 60 ticket .
Ivan Sever , 60 , of Boston was stopped on the Massachusetts Turnpike for doing 55 in a 45 - mph speed zone .
" I had just passed into the section where the speed limit is 45 , " says Sever , who teaches recording techniques at Berklee College of Music in Boston .
" I saw the ( trooper ) and slowed down .
I passed him carefully .
He pulled me over , said I was doing 55 . "
The Governors Highway Safety Association , which represents state highway safety offices , issued a report in 2005 stating that police in 42 states routinely let drivers exceed speed limits .
GHSA said the practice hampered efforts to reduce speeding .
" It 's still done in some places but not in others , " says Jonathan Adkins of GHSA .
In places where police no longer allow the cushion , it might be because speed limits are creeping up around the country , he says .
He notes that Virginia 's maximum speed limit will rise from 65 to 70 mph in July .
Last year ,
Ohio raised the maximum speed limit for trucks on rural and suburban interstates from 55 to 65 mph .
Texas , Iowa and Indiana have all raised their maximum speed limits since the GHSA study .
A study published last year in the Journal of Law and Economics found that police issue more traffic citations during recessions .
From 1990 to 2003 , counties in North Carolina issued significantly more tickets in the year following a decline in general tax revenue .
Researchers from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis and the University of Arkansas - Little Rock found that a 10 % decrease in revenue growth caused a 6.4 % increase the following year in the growth rate of traffic tickets .
Troy Green , national spokesman for auto club AAA , says he 's unaware of increasing complaints from members about being stopped at slower speeds .
Sgt. Michael Edes , chairman of the National Troopers Coalition , which represents 45,000 troopers , says there is no lower tolerance for speeding among state troopers .
" I think you 'll find ( enforcement is ) actually the opposite , " he says .
" A lot of states have cut ( trooper ) positions or frozen positions .
Several states have grounded their aviation unit , so they 're not doing as many speed details . "
But it 's clear that many communities are turning to traffic citations for added revenue in tough financial times : • Police in Canton , Ohio , for example , issued 2,011 traffic tickets in January — more than four times the 452 tickets issued in January 2009 , according to Police Chief Dean McKimm .
He says a decrease in crime in the city of 78,000 that 's home to the Pro Football Hall of Fame has freed officers to do more traffic enforcement .
McKimm says the additional revenue from traffic citations allows his understaffed department to hire more officers .
" We 're not writing tickets at lower ( speed ) thresholds , " he says .
•
Tennessee is considering a measure similar to one adopted by Georgia last year that would add a $ 200 fine for " super speeders , " those driving more than 25 mph over the posted speed limit , according to the office of Sen.
Jack Johnson , a Franklin Republican who introduced the bill .
•
Speeding fines are being doubled in " travel - safe " zones on several stretches of highway in Missouri , including five in the St. Louis area .
The state passed a law in 2008 that allows authorities to establish such " travel - safe " zones on high - crash stretches of highways .
Fines also are routinely doubled in construction zones .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
i think the internet is important in that it allows for this style of commentary .
if that thought does n’t work out it will not be clasped to the popular bosom
anyway , “ code of hammurabi ” shirts , $ 48
You got …
Maradona , Pele , Zidane .
They 've got nothing on you ...
You 've won the league , you could star in Dallas , you 've got more silver than Buckingham Palace ...
You 're so good you 've got a wag and a mock Tudor house in the suburbs ...
You could get an international call - up if you maintain this kind of form ...
You 're a reasonable winger but you need to work on your crossing ...
Stay off the shandy and you may one day play professionally ...
You 're the Paul Telfer of football quiz land ...
You 're more Roy Evans than Roy of the Rovers ...
You 're not even good enough to play for Accrington Stanley ...
You 're not fit to wear the shirt ...
Go home , son .
You 're useless ...
This website provides a free file hosting service for blogs and forums .
Support - © 2015
Description
Studio Box Premium WordPress
Theme is about simplifying building of your online portfolio .
It is packed with useful showcases to have your creative work displayed for customers and clients .
Features
* Home Page featured block .
o Accordion slides .
o Scroll slides .
o Gallery slideshow with thumbnails .
* 9 Skins
* Drop down menus with subcategory
* Subcategory supported sidebar
* Footer with multi columns
* Built - in Contact Form with validation .
* Theme Options
* Portfolio
o Portfolio showcase ( optional Recent item display )
o Item showcase with video and images .
( easily identifiable hover icons )
o Slideshow Gallery
o Lightbox Image and Video support with slideshow
* Pages
o Contact Template
o Fullwidth Template
* Other pages
o jQuery validated working contact form
PSDs
* All PSD ‚ Äôs for the design included ( layered , named and grouped ) for easier customization .
Help Guide
* Easy to follow Help Guide included with the theme .
* Post Content XML file used for Demo included .
( Visited 211 times , 1 visits today )
From Bulbapedia , the community - driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
The Pokéwalker ( Japanese : ポケウォーカー Pokéwalker ) is a pedometer device specifically for use with Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver that is able to interact with the games in various manners .
It was released in Japan on September 12 , 2009 bundled with every copy of Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver , and then later released with every localized copy of the games .
The accessory has a Poké Ball design with a small monochrome LCD screen and three functioning buttons .
The Pokéwalker supports infrared signals allowing players to interact within a short range with a game card of Pokémon HeartGold or SoulSilver while slotted in the Nintendo DS , or with another Pokéwalker .
The system records every time a step is taken , and the daily step count influences which wild Pokémon and items will appear .
The player can transfer a Pokémon to the Pokéwalker from either HeartGold or SoulSilver , which gains experience for each step .
Like the Pokémon Pikachu and Pokémon Pikachu 2 GS , the Pokéwalker uses a currency known as " watts " ( shortened to w ) ; every 20 steps will earn the player one watt .
Players can also catch various Pokémon and obtain items on the device , then transfer them to the game .
Alongside the Johto Safari Zone , the Pokéwalker allows for Pokémon normally unavailable until after the player has traveled to Kanto , such as Murkrow , to be available before defeating the Johto League .
Much as HeartGold and SoulSilver are remakes of the original Gold and Silver , the Pokéwalker could be considered to be somewhat of a remake of Pokémon Pikachu 2 GS , which interacted in much the same way with the Generation II games .
Unlike Pokémon Pikachu 2 GS , however , Pikachu is not the only Pokémon that can be interacted with , and Pokémon can actually be transferred to and from the Pokéwalker at any given time .
Hardware
Technical specifications
Artwork and features of the Pokéwalker
Mass : 0.75 oz ( 21 g )
0.75 oz ( 21 g ) Physical dimensions : 1.9 in x 1.9 in x 0.5 in ( 48 mm x 48 mm x 13.9 mm )
1.9 in x 1.9 in x 0.5 in ( 48 mm x 48 mm x 13.9 mm ) Screens : 1 in ( 25 mm ) monochrome LCD screen
1 in ( 25 mm ) monochrome LCD screen Devices : Accelerometer ; infrared signal
Infrared communication
The Pokéwalker uses infrared waves to transfer data from the Pokémon HeartGold or SoulSilver card or other Pokéwalkers to the device .
There is an infrared transceiver at the top of the Pokéwalker to allow the communication .
The infrared signals allow players to interact with each other within a very short distance , approximately 2 in ( 5 cm ) apart from each other .
For best communication , it is recommended to avoid objects between the two connected devices as well as sunlight or other strong light nearby , along with other sources of heat , light , or strong electromagnetic energy , which can interfere with infrared communication .
Battery life
The Pokéwalker contains a 3V CR2032 battery with a capacity of 220 – 225 mAh .
The battery will last approximately four months if the Pokéwalker device is used 30 minutes a day and about 10,000 steps are taken .
This will vary depending on the temperature , the number of steps taken , how often the Pokéwalker is used , how often infrared communication is used , and how often the buttons are pressed .
If the battery power gets low , a battery icon will appear on the top - left corner of the display and the Pokéwalker will save the information once every hour before the battery runs out .
The battery is currently not rechargeable and must be replaced with another 3V CR2032 battery if it runs out .
If the Pokéwalker 's battery runs out and the session is not saved , all steps will be lost and all watts , items and Pokémon that were obtained during the trip will be deleted .
However , the Pokémon deposited at the start of the session will remain unaffected .
To sustain battery life during a session , the Pokéwalker puts itself into sleep mode after 60 – 90 seconds of inactivity , so the display will turn off and the screen will go blank .
The Pokéwalker can be revived by holding down the central button for one second .
While in sleep mode , the Pokéwalker will still maintain its primary function and record the amount of steps the player takes .
The device 's settings can also be set in order to turn the display sharpness down and decrease or mute the sound , as a way to conserve battery life .
To replace the battery , a Phillips - head screwdriver is needed to remove the plain backing or the optional belt clip .
Removing the battery will cause all steps taken and watts obtained to be cleared .
The Pokémon inside will not be erased .
Gameplay and features
Pokéwalker gameplay is simply walking around with the device in order to charge up watts , then utilizing the watts to purchase use of the Poké Radar and Dowsing Machine .
Up to three caught Pokémon and up to three found items may be stored at once .
After either limit is reached and given the player has caught another Pokémon or found another item , they will have to decide to replace either in order to make space for the new Pokémon or item .
The step counter resets at midnight each day .
Watts is the mode of currency used within the Pokéwalker and can be earned in two different ways : every 20 steps the player takes 1 watt is earned , and Pokémon within the Pokéwalker can randomly find multiples of 10 , 20 , or 50 watts while on their walk .
In total , a Pokémon can only gain one level every time they are sent to the Pokéwalker , and will not gain any more experience if it exceeds that level .
Pokémon cannot learn moves or evolve by leveling up in the Pokéwalker .
Each Pokéwalker area has three advantageous types which vary between areas , and have influence over the Pokéwalker 's Poké Radar and Dowsing Machine .
When a Pokémon of an advantageous type is brought into an area , then the chance of finding rarer Pokémon when using the Poké Radar and items when using the Dowsing Machine will slightly increase .
In addition to making rarer Pokémon easier to find when using the Poké Radar , an advantageous type will lower the required step count for each Pokémon by 25 % .
This effect does not apply to the Dowsing Machine .
The Pokéwalker can be used without a Pokémon stored in it .
It will continue to accumulate steps and watts .
The Dowsing Machine can still be used , but the Poké Radar cannot , as no battle could take place .
In addition , Pokémon from the route being walked may voluntarily join in the Pokéwalker seemingly at random , taking the spot of the missing Pokémon , essentially being caught for free .
Poké Radar
This section is incomplete .
Please feel free to edit this section to add missing information and complete it .
Reason :
What 's the chance of successfully catching a Pokemon ?.
The battle screen
Each time the Poké Radar is used , it will cost the player 10 watts , and brings them to a screen containing four patches of grass .
After a short period of time , an exclamation mark will appear above one of the patches .
The player must then use the side buttons to align the arrow with that bush and push the center button to look in that bush before time expires .
If the player successfully selects the bush with the exclamation mark , either a battle will begin or after a short random period of time an exclamation mark will appear above a bush again .
Again the player must select the bush at which time either battle will begin or after a short random period of time , two exclamation marks will appear above a random bush .
If battle does not begin this time , three exclamation points will then appear above one of the bushes .
Successfully selecting that bush will always begin a battle .
On the first exclamation mark , selecting a bush without the exclamation mark will not affect anything , but doing so after selecting the first exclamation mark will cause the Pokémon to flee .
Taking too long to select the correct bush will instantly result in failure and the Poké Radar will need to be reused with 10 more watts to try again .
Exclamation mark Pokémon group !
Group C ! Group C or Group B !!
Group B or Group A !!!
Group A
The Pokémon catchable on a given Stroll are fixed from the time the player transfers their Pokémon to the Pokéwalker .
At this time , the game selects one Pokémon from each of the 3 groups ( A , B and C ) that will appear during that Stroll .
Should the player wish to catch one of the three Pokémon not selected for that Stroll , they must send their Pokémon back to their game card and then choose to go on the route again .
Pokémon caught in the Pokéwalker are assigned a random Nature , ignoring Synchronize .
The battle system of the Pokéwalker is primitive : each Pokémon utilizes their in - game menu sprite in the battle , and each has only 4 HP .
A player can either Attack , Evade , or Catch the wild Pokémon , while the wild Pokémon in turn may Attack , Evade , or Run from battle .
Attacking will cause the Pokémon to inflict 1 point damage ( regardless of stats or type matchups ) and the possibility of a critical hit ( for an extra 1 damage point ) , unless the opponent evades the attack .
Evading an opponent 's attack results in the user counterattacking , inflicting one damage point without receiving any .
If both Pokémon choose to evade , this results in a " Stare down " between the two Pokémon , and nothing happens during that turn .
The Catch option will throw a Poké Ball at the wild Pokémon , which may catch it , but if it fails , the wild Pokémon will automatically flee battle , and the player 's 10 watts will have been wasted .
The same is true if the player 's Pokémon defeats its opponent ( as no battle experience is gained ) , whereas if the opponent defeats the player 's Pokémon , the player will lose up to 10 watts ( like how money is in the main series games after the defeat of the player 's Pokémon ) .
Overall , the following things may happen during each turn of battle :
Actions Wild Pokémon Attack Evade Run P
l
a
y
e
r Attack Both Pokémon : one damage Player 's Pokémon : one damage Player 's Pokémon : one damage
Wild Pokémon : two damage * Evade Wild Pokémon : one damage Nothing Wild Pokémon runs away Catch
On success : wild Pokémon is caught
On failure : wild Pokémon runs away
Dowsing Machine
An item is found .
Much like in the main games , the Dowsing Machine will help the player find items in the wild .
Each use of this function costs 3 watts , and the player has two chances to find an item hidden among six grass tufts .
If the item is not found the first time , the Dowsing Machine will tell the player if the item is close by ( " It 's near ! " ) or far away ( " It 's far away ... " ) .
If the item is near , then it is adjacent to the first checked grass tuft ( directly left or right ) .
Likewise , if the item is far away , then the item is at least two grass tufts away in either direction .
If the item is not found by the second search , the player will have to try again with another 3 watts .
When using the Dowsing Machine , assuming that hints are always used correctly , there is a 50 % chance of finding an item regardless of which patch is selected first .
Mathematical derivation of dowsing probabilities
These derivations assumes that hints are faithfully followed .
Perspective 1 : Chance that player 's choices will end up finding an item Selected patch ( x ) Hint Chance of hint Possible item locations ( ♪) Chance of making a correct guess Total chance of finding item after choosing that location x•••• •
( mirror : •••••x ) N / A
( Item found ) ( 1/6 ) ♪••••• ( 1 ) ( 1/6 x 1 ) + ( 1/6 x 1 ) + ( 4/6 x 1/4 )
=
1/6 + 1/6 + 1/6
=
1/2 Near 1/6 x♪•••• 1 Far 4/6 x•♪•••
x••♪••
x•••♪•
x••••♪ 1/4 •x••••
( mirror : ••••x• ) N/ A
( Item found ) ( 1/6 ) •♪•••• ( 1 ) ( 1/6 x 1 ) + ( 2/6 x 1/2 ) + ( 3/6 x 1/3 )
=
1/6 + 1/6 + 1/6
=
1/2 Near 2/6 ♪x••••
•x♪••• 1/2 Far 3/6 •x•♪••
•x••♪•
•x•••♪ 1/3 ••x•••
( mirror : •••x•• ) N/ A
( Item found ) ( 1/6 ) ••♪••• ( 1 ) ( 1/6 x 1 ) + ( 2/6 x 1/2 ) + ( 3/6 x 1/3 )
=
1/6 + 1/6 + 1/6
=
1/2 Near 2/6 •♪x•••
••x♪•• 1/2 Far 3/6 ♪•x•••
••x•♪•
••x••♪ 1/3 Overall chance : 1/2
Perspective 2 : Chance that player will find an item in a given position Item position ( ♪) Possible player selections ( x ) Hint Possible player guesses (? )
Chance of player making a correct guess
Total chance player will find item in that location ♪•••• •
( mirror : •••••♪ ) x••••• N / A
( Item found ) N/ A ( 1 ) 1/6 x ( 1 + 1/2 + ( 1/3 x 3 ) + 1/4 )
=
1/6 x 11/4
=
11/24 ♪x•••• Near ?x?••• 1/2 ♪•x•••
♪••x••
♪•••x • Far ?•x• ??
??•x• ?
??? •x• 1/3 ♪••••x Far ????•x 1/4 •♪••••
( mirror : ••••♪• ) •x•••• N / A
( Item found ) N/ A ( 1 ) 1/6 x ( 1 + 1 + 1/2 + ( 1/3 x 2 ) + 1/4 )
=
1/6 x ( ( 12 + 12 + 6 + 8 + 3 )/12 )
=
1/6 x 41/12
=
41/72 x♪•••• Near x?•••• 1 •♪x••• Near ?x?••• 1/2 •♪•x••
•♪••x • Far ??•x• ?
??? •x• 1/3 •♪•••x Far ????•x 1/4 ••♪•••
( mirror : •••♪•• ) ••x••• N/ A
( Item found ) N/ A ( 1 ) 1/6 x ( 1 + ( 1/2 x 2 ) + ( 1/4 x 2 ) + 1/3 )
=
1/6 x ( ( 6 + 6 + 3 + 2 ) /6 )
=
1/6 x 17/6
=
17/36 •x♪•••
••♪x•• Near ?x?•••
•• ?x?• 1/2 x•♪•••
••♪••x Far x• ????
????•x 1/4 ••♪•x• Far ??? •x• 1/3 Overall chance : 1/2
( 2 x 1/6 x ( 11/24 + 41/72 + 17/36 ) )
Other menu options
Connect - Allows connection to another player 's Pokéwalker .
However , that same person cannot be connected to during the remainder of the day .
- Allows connection to another player 's Pokéwalker .
However , that same person cannot be connected to during the remainder of the day .
Trainer Card -
Views details such as the Trainer name ( ) , current area name ( ) and current time .
By pressing the right button seven times , further details will be shown such as the day , the total number of steps taken , the total number of days , and the steps taken in those days .
- Views details such as the Trainer name ( ) , current area name ( ) and current time .
By pressing the right button seven times , further details will be shown such as the day , the total number of steps taken , the total number of days , and the steps taken in those days .
Pokémon and Items - Displays all Pokémon ( ) and items ( ) obtained in the current session .
- Displays all Pokémon ( ) and items ( ) obtained in the current session .
Settings - Manages sound volume and screen contrast .
Areas
Selecting an area before sending a Pokémon
The Pokéwalker has 27 distinct areas that a player can have their Pokémon visit on sending them from HeartGold or SoulSilver .
The main difference between them is the species of Pokémon that can be found using the Poké Radar .
Two areas are unlocked from the start , while more can be unlocked by various means .
Areas that require watts can unlock when returning from a stroll , and each stroll can unlock at most one route .
Unlocking a route does n't spend watts .
Communication
The Pokéwalker , like Pokémon Pikachu 2 GS , can communicate with other Pokéwalkers as well as with Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver .
Unlike before , this exchange is not limited merely to watts , but also items and Pokémon .
Other Pokéwalkers
If two Pokéwalkers are within range of each other and infrared communications are activated , the two players '
Pokémon will interact , and each player will receive an item .
What item is obtained is based on the route the receiving player is using at the time .
The Pokéwalker can only hold up to 10 items from other players per sync with game .
After this 10 item limit is reached , a player will receive 1 to 99 watts upon activating infrared communications .
If both players have reached the 10 item limit , they will both receive the same amount of watts .
A player can only link with the same person once per day .
Similar to mixing records , once two players connect their Pokéwalkers , their in - game team data at the time they sent their Pokémon to the Pokéwalker will also be passed to the other person .
When a player then sends their Pokémon back to their game , the person that they connected with and their team will appear in the basement of the Trainer House located in Viridian City , where they can be battled for one Battle Point once a day .
Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver
Communication between a Pokéwalker and a Nintendo DSi with HeartGold or SoulSilver
Coming bundled with the games themselves , the Pokéwalker 's most important means of communication is with a copy of Pokémon HeartGold or Pokémon SoulSilver .
The Pokéwalker syncs with the time on the Nintendo DS system it links with .
As long as a Pokémon is on the Pokéwalker , the specific game it came from is locked to that Pokéwalker , and it will only send back to the same save file .
After a sync with the games , any Pokémon caught in the Pokéwalker will be put into a PC box , while any items found on the device will be placed into the Bag 's appropriate pocket .
Caught Pokémon are in standard Poké Balls and have the met location of " Pokéwalker " .
The game will also display a diary of specific events that occurred to the Pokémon in the Pokéwalker .
The Pokéwalker can connect with any DS system , as the infrared receiver is in the game cartridge itself , rather than on the system ( as was the case with Gold , Silver , and Crystal , making them cut off from communication with Pokémon Pikachu 2 GS if the games were not played on a Game Boy Color ) .
When a Pokéwalker is synced with a new game , the language of the Pokéwalker will change to match that game .
For example , if a Pokéwalker that came with a Japanese game is synced with an English game , after syncing , the Pokéwalker will be in English .
This suggests that very little data is stored on the Pokéwalker itself .
Pokéwalker Spots
Pokéwalker Spot
Pokéwalker Spots ( Japanese : ポケウォーカースポット Pokéwalker Spot ) were stands inside Japanese Pokémon Center stores which were available for a limited time .
Players could receive a random item from the stand via infrared communication .
Similar spots were also available in South Korea during specific events .
Troubleshooting and exploitation
Pokémon retrieval
A Pokémon that has been transferred onto a Pokéwalker is not actually removed from the game and moved to the device ; rather , the Pokémon 's data is copied and sent .
The targeted Pokémon is instead put aside and cannot be used in the game until the data has been returned to that game .
Therefore , if a Pokéwalker is lost or damaged , the Pokémon is not lost .
A Pokémon can be restored to the game it was taken from if a Pokéwalker is lost or broken by pressing and holding Up , Select , and R at the Pokéwalker connection screen .
The Pokémon will be returned to the PC box with its level and friendship unaffected .
Nintendo used to sell individual Pokéwalkers , battery covers , and clip covers as replacements on their online store .
Reset settings
If a game has already been synced with one Pokéwalker , the game 's settings must be reset before it can be used with a new Pokéwalker ( such as if the original Pokéwalker was lost ) .
This is done while on the game 's Pokéwalker menu , by pressing and holding Down , X , and L .
After confirming that Pokéwalker data should be reset , the game will reset the number of Watts collected and steps taken to 0 ; previously unlocked routes are not affected , however .
After this , the game will be able to create a new link with a Pokéwalker .
If a Pokéwalker has already been synced with another game , the Pokéwalker must be erased before it can be used with a new game .
By pressing and holding Down , X , and L at the Pokéwalker screen , a " Caution ! " message will appear .
If the player proceeds with resetting the Pokéwalker , then the Pokémon inside gets sent back to the old game , and all other data in the Pokéwalker gets erased .
Multiple Pokéwalkers
It is possible to use one game cartridge for multiple Pokéwalkers ; however , only one Pokémon is allowed to Stroll at one time .
Resetting a Pokéwalker may also reset collected watts to zero on the game cartridge used to reset the Pokéwalker .
By pressing and holding Down , X , and L at the Pokéwalker screen , a " Caution ! " message will appear .
By selecting " Yes " and connecting the additional Pokéwalker ( not the original Pokéwalker previously registered with the game ) , this will reset and register the new Pokéwalker with the game and reset current walk and step counters in - game temporarily .
This process is completed by sending over a Pokémon to the new Pokéwalker and returning from Stroll .
Either Pokéwalker can now sync with the game and when the original Pokéwalker is connected for a Stroll , the step count and original watt count should be restored .
To have a Pokémon on the extra Pokéwalkers , a wild Pokémon from the selected walking route simply needs to " befriend " or join in the walk , this Pokémon and any other additional ones caught can return to the game normally .
It is not possible to change routes on any additional Pokéwalker when a Pokémon is currently out on a Stroll .
The Pokémon that needs to be returned should appear on the top screen .
To change routes , all Pokémon need to be returned into the game and then sent back out into either Pokéwalker with the desired route and returned back into the game .
Cloning glitch
It is possible to manipulate the Pokéwalker in such a way that a cloning glitch occurs .
By putting a Pokémon onto the Pokéwalker , then turning the game off before saving , the Pokémon will be in both the cartridge and the Pokéwalker .
However , the Pokémon in the Pokéwalker will be released back into the wild when an attempt is made to return it to the game , even if the original Pokémon was released or traded away .
This is because the game does not recognize the Pokémon as being caught from the Pokéwalker , nor does it match the stored data of the Pokémon that was sent to the Pokéwalker ( the data was not even saved in the first place ) .
Trivia
See also
References
The words look so simple in a paper setting out the task ahead : " Change public face of Gorton Mount " .
But for a primary school in the midst of an inner city gangland area , the reality takes a bit longer .
Gorton Mount primary school in Manchester is in one of the most deprived areas of the country .
It is characterised by " unemployment , high crime rates – especially amongst the youth population where gang membership is high " , according to the school 's own assessment .
As she opens a drawer to find a piece of paper , the first few items headteacher Carol Powell sees are two toy pistols .
" We confiscate them and do n't give them back , " she said .
The school does n't want its children to associate with guns , even in toy form , because of where it might lead .
Against this background , Ms Powell embarked on her vision for the future , throwing out the traditional methods of teaching and becoming the first state school in the country to convert to the " Montessori method " .
It is an approach to teaching developed by Dr Maria Montessori , an Italian physician , in the early 20th century .
It places the emphasis on children learning for themselves rather than being taught in classes of 30 .
Five years on , the school is enjoying the fruits of the new approach .
Last summer , there was a 20 per cent improvement in the results of early years tests for the first time .
These show how well children are doing as they reach the end of the nursery stage of learning , testing their ability to build sentences , communicate with other youngsters and count up to 10 .
" The school was in a terrible state , " said Ms Powell .
" I had to remove some teachers and change how the children were treated .
Even if it was raining , the doors stayed locked until 8.45 am so parents would be hanging around outside .
I opened the doors at 8 am and set up a breakfast club for the kids . "
The school was down to 348 pupils when Ms Powell arrived – it now has 461 .
This increase in student numbers is partly down to the new Montessori approach , which encourages the children to learn at their own pace and develop under their own steam .
In maths , for instance , to learn number skills , children are presented with a series of boxes with the numbers nought to nine marked on them .
They are then given small blocks to place in each box : one of the blocks must be deposited in box one , two in the one marked two and so on .
If they come to the one marked nine and have less than nine blocks left , they have gone wrong somewhere and must correct themselves .
" They can learn from their mistakes , " said Ms Powell .
Pam Riley , who is on a placement at the school , has four children but only one – Olivia , seven – has been taught using the Montessori method .
" It gave her confidence as well as being independent , " she said .
" I think it is a good method of teaching .
She seems a lot more grown up for her age than her brothers were . "
The experiment is so far only half complete .
Each year a new year group is added to those taught using the Montessori method so that eventually , by 2013 , it will be used throughout the whole school .
The UK - based Montessori charity is planning to open its first - ever " bespoke " primary school financed by the state within the next couple of years , probably in a deprived area of London .
Gorton Mount has shown that the method could go some way towards improving pupils ' achievements .
Some of the children are already 18 months behind in development when they arrive at nursery school at the age of three , but Ofsted , the education standards watchdog , said in its latest inspection report that the school " makes a real difference to pupils ' lives and aspirations " .
An assessment of the five - year experiment by the school said that " the child who has received a Montessori education is more independent in thought and action at home as well as school " , adding that " their skills in reading , writing and maths are more advanced than older siblings at the same age " .
Free -range thinking : The Montessori method
* Devised by Italian physician and educator Maria Montessori ( 1870 – 1952 ) and first used in the early 1900s , it advocates child - centred learning rather than whole class teaching with the teacher at the front of the class .
* It focuses on developing motor and communications skills , such as strengthening the hand and wrist through exercises to help them write .
* The teacher is seen more as a " facilitator " than an instructor .
* In an ideal Montessori setting , children learn in multi-age groups .
The Montessori philosophy believes children develop at different rates .
Yesterday , Microsoft announced that it would be collecting royalties from HTC for its intellectual property used in Android phones .
This marks Microsoft 's first public statement that singles out Android particularly as an offender .
Microsoft is not just lumping in Android as part of its broader claims against Linux generally , sources say .
In talking to folks in the know , the story I 've been told is that Microsoft approached HTC and said it would much rather license than litigate , but if HTC did n't want to cough up the royalties , it would find itself battling Microsoft in court , just like it is now battling Apple .
What 's a poor device manufacturer to do ?
HTC bowed and agreed to pay license fees and sources say it was a one - way agreement .
Microsoft is n't licensing any of HTC 's patent portfolio in return .
Microsoft is not being specific as to which features , functionality it believes Android and HTC violates .
Its statement says :
" Microsoft Corp. and HTC Corp. have signed a patent agreement that provides broad coverage under Microsoft ’s patent portfolio for HTC ’s mobile phones running the Android mobile platform .
Under the terms of the agreement , Microsoft will receive royalties from HTC . "
HTC manufacturers Android phones like the Hero and Dream .
And more importantly , it makes Google 's own Nexus One .
However , Microsoft 's successful settlement with HTC hardly punches Android too deep in the stomach .
Motorola 's Droid's has the lion 's share of the Android market , at 32 per cent , according to March figures released by AdMob .
Will Microsoft be successful at getting royalties from Motorola , Samsung and the other manufacturers ?
More importantly , will Microsoft 's success with HTC have implications for the young - but - promising Android netbook market ?
No doubt Microsoft hopes so .
Microsoft officials say that HTC could indeed be only the beginning .
Horacio Gutierrez , corporate vice president and deputy general counsel of Intellectual Property and Licensing at Microsoft told Network World in an statement via e-mail , " Microsoft has a decades - long record of investment in software platforms .
As a result , we have built a significant patent portfolio in this field , and we have a responsibility to our customers , partners , and shareholders to ensure that competitors do not free ride on our innovations .
We have also consistently taken a proactive approach to licensing to resolve IP infringement by other companies , and have been talking with several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform . "
But royaltyagreements from others remain to be seen .
HTC could be a unique case , rather than a precedent .
It is particularly vulnerable because of its fight against Apple and also because HTC is the world 's largest maker of Windows smartphones .
Microsoft has leverage with HTC that is n't duplicated elsewhere .
So far , however , HTC 's lawsuit with Apple has n't hurt its smartphone sales any .
In all likelihood , this agreement with Microsoft wo n't hurt HTC's Android either .
In a strange way , would the Android market actually benefit if Microsoft feels it could profit from widespread licensing agreements ?
Posted by Julie Bort
The wind industry may soon be dependent on a different kind of environmental awareness that has more to do with lasers than ecology .
A new laser system that can be mounted on wind turbines allows them to prepare for the wind rushing toward their blades .
The lasers act like sonar for the wind , bouncing off microscopically small particulates and back to a fiber optic detector .
That data is fed to an on - board processor that generates a three - dimensional view of the wind speed and direction .
Subtle adjustments in the turbine blade 's angle to the window allows it to capture more energy and protect itself in case of strong gusts .
The startup company that developed the Vindicator system , Catch the Wind , recently deployed a wind unit on a Nebraska Public Power District turbine .
It increased the production of the unit ( .pdf ) by more than 10 percent , according to the company 's white paper .
If those numbers held across the nations ' 35 gigawatts of installed wind capacity , the LIDAR ( Light Detection and Ranging ) sensors could add more than 3.5 gigawatts of wind capacity without adding a single additional turbine .
" This is what they call disruptive technology , " said William Fetzer , vice president of business development for Catch the Wind .
" There are roughly 80,000 to 90,000 wind turbines out in the world , and they do n't have this technology . "
Wind farms are only as good as their data .
There have been revolutions in assessing wind resources over long time - scales , but the short - term gustiness of the wind has remained a problem .
Current wind turbines rely on wind - measuring instruments known as anemometers that are mounted to the back of the turbine 's gear - housing unit , called a nacelle .
The data from the wind is fed to a computer that optimizes the blades ' configuration to capture the most energy from the wind .
In many cases , cup anemometers , which took their current form in the 1930s , are still used .
They work well enough , but have to be positioned behind the blades , which subjects them to turbulence .
And , importantly , they can only tell you how fast the wind was blowing after it passed .
That does n't help you with a freak gust of wind or any of the odd behavior that renewable energy developers have caught the wind exhibiting .
Fort Felker , director of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory 's National Wind Technology Center , said he saw great potential in LIDAR and similar sound - wave - based systems generally .
" Once you have a detailed knowledge of the coming wind , there are a lot of opportunities , " said Felker told Wired.com .
While he estimates the amount of energy that could be captured is below Catch the Wind 's 10 percent , he said the systems could really help reduce the wear - and - tear on machines caused by strong winds hitting improperly positioned blades .
" Researchers have already demonstrated that substantial reduction of loads is certainly possible , " Felker said .
LIDAR , despite first being demonstrated for wind measurement in the 1970s , has been slow to catch on .
The systems have been too expensive .
" Widespread deployment of the technique has so far been hampered by the expense and complexity of LIDAR systems , " ( .pdf ) a 2005 NREL research report found .
" However , the recent development of LIDAR systems based on optical fiber and components from the telecommunications industry promises large improvements in cost , compactness , and reliability so that it becomes viable to consider the deployment of such systems on large wind turbines . "
Now , even the most venerable R&D testing group in the world , the Danish National Laboratory for Sustainable Energy 's Risøe wind outfit , is working on a turbine - mounted LIDAR system , though they only claim a 5 percent increase in electricity production .
Catch the Wind grew out of a small - business grant that the company 's predecessor , Optical Air Data Systems , received from the U.S. military .
They developed a LIDAR system for helicopters working in the dusty Iraq and Afghanistan terrain .
The company developed their rugged and relatively lightweight LIDAR systems by marrying aerospace knowledge with emerging telecommunications tech like better fiber optic cables and laser diodes .
Still , Catch the Wind may have a tough road ahead .
The energy industry is notoriously risk averse .
Besides , wind electricity in many places is already cheaper than wholesale electricity prices .
Erin Edholm , a representative for National Wind , a wind - farm developer that 's put in more than 4,000 megawatts of turbines , said that the company 's wind resource assessment team " has not used [ LIDAR ] or considered using it to date . "
But that does n't dim the hopes of Catch the Wind 's Fetzer for the company 's ultimate success .
" When you do disruptive technologies , it takes time , " Fetzer said .
" People do n't believe that things are as bad as they are until they can see what we can do . "
It helps that they do n't need the wind turbine manufacturers to incorporate their technology to jump start their business .
They 've got what 's known as a " bolt - on " solution , meaning it can be attached to existing turbines .
They do n't need manufacturers to incorporate their product to sell it to wind farms .
Still , some wind farmers may worry that the warranties they have on their turbines would be voided by adding a LIDAR system .
Fetzer said Catch the Wind is working out the warranty issues .
General Electric , which is the largest wind turbine manufacturer in the United States , is not using or developing LIDAR specifically , either .
Catch the Wind did recently sell one of their machines to a large , unnamed turbine manufacturer .
Though Catch the Wind is not discussing pricing for their products , Fetzer maintains that their customers will make their money back in the three - to - five year range that he says wind developers are looking for .
The 2005 NREL report calculated a preliminary cost for a generic LIDAR system of less than $ 95,000 , once production was up and running .
The development of controls for capturing the most energy from the wind has been a constant theme in wind energy research .
But it 's not always the company that develops the technology that reaps the rewards from its commercialization .
Wind turbines in the 1980s struggled mightily to convert the wind 's gusty capriciousness into steady rotary power .
At the time , the turbine 's rotor had to turn at a constant rate .
Researchers realized that their machines could operate over a larger range of speeds if the rotor could speed up or slow down in response to the wind , but they would need power electronics to translate the power into electricity suitable for the grid .
A multimillion dollar R&D program launched by U.S. Windpower and the Electric Power Research Institute to commercialize a variable - speed rotor resulted in a mostly defective turbine design that helped push U.S. Windpower out of business .
The variable - speed rotor went on to become a standard part of wind turbine designs .
Catch the Wind obviously is hoping not to suffer the same fate .
They are exploring a variety of business models including sharing the revenue from the extra power they say their systems can generate .
If they do n't generate any more electricity , the wind turbine owner does n't pay anything .
If they do , Catch the Wind gets half the take .
" It 's a good value proposition , " Fetzer concluded .
Images : 1 . A Vindicator installed in Nebraska / Catch the Wind .
2 . American Memory Collection .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
The right - wing members of the Texas School Board have made no secret of the fact that their mission in drafting the new social studies curriculum standards for state public school has been to highlight the supposedly Christian foundation of our nation and the deeply Christian views of the Founding Fathers .
Apparently , the views and writing of the man who drafted the Declaration of Independence do not adequately serve that purpose , which is why both Thomas Jefferson and the Enlightment have now been dropped , as the Texas Freedom Network , which is liveblogging the debate , reports :
3
Environmentally Friendly Kitchen RemodelKitchen remodel can be one of the most value - rich remodeling choices you can make as you go about maximizing the property you own .
However , going this route …
Haskell Platform 2010.1.0.0 Windows installer RC3
Hi all , I 've uploaded the third ( and , hopefully , final ) RC of the Haskell Platform 2010 .1.0.0 Windows installer to http://code.haskell.org/~refold/HaskellPlatform-2010.1.0.0-setup.exe
Unless someone finds serious bugs in this RC , it can be released unchanged .
What 's new in 2010 .
1.0.0 - rc3 : * Fixed a PATH issue that prevented alex and happy from working ( reported by Krasimir Angelov ) * $ APPDATA / cabal / bin is now added to PATH ( reported by Han Joosten ) -- ( ) ascii ribbon campaign - against html e-mail /\ www.asciiribbon.org - against proprietary attachments
HOUSE OF COMMONS OF CANADA
An Act to prohibit the release , sale , importation and use of seeds incorporating or altered by variety - genetic use restriction technologies ( V - GURTs ) , also called “ terminator technologies ” , and to make a consequential amendment to another Act
Posted on March 2nd , 2010
On Saturday The Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project debuted the first beer in their Once Upon a Time series of beers brewed according to historic recipes .
The Beeriety team was lucky enough to be there to try this fantastic new brew at one of Boston ’s finest craft beer bars , Deep Ellum .
Pretty
Things is a small craft brew project based in Boston , Massachusetts that has already made a strong name for itself among craft beer drinkers in the area since its founding less than two years ago .
They are known for bold , unusual brews with equally off - kilter label art .
It ’s quickly become a favorite brewery of everyone at Beeriety , and we were thrilled to get the chanced to see what they were doing next .
London XXXX Mild
Ale was the beer of the hour .
It ’s an historic re-creation of a beer first brewed on February 27th , 1832 at a Brick Lane London brewery .
Using an historic manuscript given to them by beer historian Ron Pattinson , they brewed the beer exactly as it had been over 150 years ago .
Beers of 19th century London were different than what we drink today in many ways , so although their version is called a ‘ mild ale ’ as it was originally , it ’s anything but mild .
It weighed in at 10.5 %ABV and packs a super sweet taste .
The beer has a rich copper color to it , and a light smell of caramel .
The taste is bold and massively sweet , but its body is surprisingly light and smooth for such a heavy beer .
The hops impart a bit of a peppery spice to them , different than the usual bitterness associate with hops .
Overall the beer was unlike anything I ’ve ever had before , and it was absolutely delicious .
In keeping with the theme of the day the beer was served from a wooden cask as would have been common in Victorian England .
The brewers , Dann and Martha Paquette as well as the staff of Deep Ellum , all dressed in period inspired clothing with vests , top hats and bonnets .
Dann and Martha even generously offered to buy a drink for anyone who came dressed in historical attire .
The place was completely packed and by the time they tapped the first cask there was a line out the door just to get in .
Clearly we are n’t the only ones who have been keeping a eye on this exciting new brewery .
It was a wonderful afternoon with a wonderful beer .
Dann & Martha as well as everyone at Deep Ellum were gracious hosts and it was neat to get a glimpse of what ’s next for Pretty Things .
Martha was even nice enough to give us a special preview bottle of the stuff .
( For a rough video of the cask ’s tapping and an introductory speech by Dann , head over to the Pretty Things blog . )
We ca n’t wait to see what ’s next in the Once Upon a Time series .
Whatever it is , it ’s sure to be great .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " We start shipping in two weeks . "
Dilbert says , " That 's not enough time to fix the known bugs . "
The Boss says , " When you say , ' bugs , ' that 's sort of a gray area . "
Dilbert says , " Um ? I do n't think it is . "
The Boss says , " For example , a user might need several steps to do something that should only take one . "
The Boss says , " Or perhaps the interface is a bit unclear . "
Dilbert says , " or perhaps it can only be operated by a robot from the future who jacks into it and sends commands in zeros and ones . "
The Boss says , " I can't tell if you 're agreeing with me or mocking me . "
Dilbert says , " That 's sort of a gray area . "
As erupting violence in Jerusalem suggests a third intifada may soon take hold , the CENTCOM commander Gen David Petraeus , testifying before the US Senate Armed Services Committee today , gave a grave warning about the wider impact of a conflict that has been the epicenter of Middle East hostilities ever since the creation of Israel .
In issuing his warning , Petraeus — arguably the most influential even if not the highest ranking member of the US military — was reiterating a statement he made almost a year ago .
The only difference between what he said in April 2009 and what he said today , was that he now acknowledges al Qaeda is being strengthened by the conflict .
Gen’l Petraeus ’s testimony to Congress this morning :
e These factors can serve as root causes of instability or as obstacles to security .
Insufficient progress toward a comprehensive Middle East peace .
The enduring hostilities between Israel and some of its neighbors present distinct challenges to our ability to advance our interests in the AOR [ Area of Responsibility of Cntcom ] Israeli - Palestinian tensions often flare into violence and large - scale armed confrontations .
The conflict foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel .
Arab anger over the Palestinian question limits the strength and depth of U.S. partnerships with governments and peoples in the AOR and weakens the legitimacy of moderate regimes in the Arab world .
Meanwhile , al - Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support .
The conflict also gives Iran influence in the Arab world through its clients , Lebanese Hizballah and Hamas .
If such a statement was being made outside the American political arena , it could be regarded as a rather bland expression of what has long been utterly obvious .
Yet from the lips of a celebrated general , regarded by many as a potential future president , these words come as a bombshell .
Neoconservatives and the Israel lobby have worked hard and long to obscure the deeply corrosive regional impact of a conflict that successive Israeli leaders have either been unwilling or seemingly incapable of resolving .
Others , who earlier said what Petraeus now says , have either been dismissed as poorly informed or worse , branded as anti-Israeli or by insinuation , anti-Semitic .
No such charge will stick to Petraeus .
Indeed , if the Israel lobby was so foolhardy as to try and go after an American general who sometimes gets treated like a latterday Eisenhower , the lobby will be at dire risk of being visited by its own greatest fear : being branded as anti-American .
This is a cross-post from Woodward ’s site , War in Context .
World Chart of Cannabis Use
You may remember the marvellous world map of cannabis use , from not long ago .
Well I found some new data , and present you with this beautiful chart .
Go Canada !
And what is going on in Papua New Guinea , really ?
Some sort of sensible local control of the plant ?
And why is Jamaica so low ?
Below ENGLAND !
What the heck ?
If you want to grow some weed for yourself see where to buy cannabis seeds online here .
Tarvu ( sometimes referred to as Lord Tarvu , Our Saviour , Master of The Tarvunty , His Brilliance , Giver of the Word , Giver of Words , Tebbu , Thebbu , Thaddu , Ah - Haut , Tinvu , Tarh - Shenty , Sheppartarvi , Mr. Invisible , Tarvoobi , Mr. 9 , His Loveliness , Friend of Amzamiviram , Octunatatov , The Dude , Uvrab , The Non-Worrier , The Negative Barvu , Saviour of the Seas , Lord Belly - Fonty , Octish Warrior , Lord of Octopuses , The King of Sex , He - Him , Mike Fantastic , The Tipperarian ) came to Earth ( Erbu ) 3,000 to 3,500 years ago .
His followers set up , what is now one of the oldest and largest religions in the world - Tarvuism .
Tarvu sometimes changed his appearance if he got angry , e.g. if he burnt his hand on a hot anvil .
Tarvu 's appearance is seldom discussed in the Tarvunty , and when it is the descriptions are usually contradictory .
For instance , in R*fl*cti'ns ( V - VII , a 45/15 ) , he is described as “ limber with large hands and feet , having long , flaxen blond hair , styled in the Baalbian fashion of knotted ringlets , with equine features and a certain kind of moustache ” .
However , in Disagr*em'nts ( PQ - PQQ 969/01 - 0.1 ) he is referred to as “ a puffy , portly chap , ruddy , enstubbled and bald , with wrinkled cheeks and surly countenance ” while H*lid'ys ( Uh 44 : Uh,1 , 88.8 ) describes him as “ tall and muscular , with one central eye , thick black beard , chestal tattoos and a prominent bulge at his loin suggesting two or perhaps three penises ” .
Tarvuists believe these discrepancies exist because Tarvu liked to change his physical appearance to adapt to different situations , for example calming an angry crowd or attracting a lover .
But detractors and skeptics such as T.P.K .
Henson claim that these varying descriptions indicate that Tarvu was actually many different people or did not exist at all .
Some Tarvuists believe
Tarvu could turn into an octopus at will , albeit keeping his human face .
Many films and television programmes have been made about the life of Tarvu and there have been a number of different actors who have portrayed Tarvu .
After creating the two universes several bilion years ago , Tarvu came to Earth ( Erbu ) inside an egg as a tiny baby ( weighing just three pounds four ounces ) and landed in the middle of the ocean ( there is some dispute as to which ocean he landed in ) .
He was rescued by a family of octopuses , who taught Tarvu how to swim , how to hunt and how to disguise himself from predators ( in later life , he was to become a master of disguise ) .
Tarvu survived on barnacles and octopus ink .
Tarvu lived like an octopus in the ocean until he was nine .
At that age , his adopted father , Oobu the Octopus told him ( in Octish ) that he was ready to come on to dry land and join the human race .
It is worth pointing out , that whilst most Tarvuists sincerely believe that Tarvu swam for 9 years in the oceans , some Tarvuist writers and thinkers , and theologians - most notably Margaret - Lionel Lenny - believe that Tarvu 's swim ( and subsequent swims ) should be taken metaphorically .
And so , lured by the sound of bells , Tarvu arrived in the ancient city of Ilgop .
( There is much debate as to where exactly Ilgop lies , but it is believed to be somewhere between Turkey and Ethiopia ) .
Tarvu followed the sound of the bells which led him to a wise old man , Amzamiviram , who was a bellringer ( and later , very successful bell designer ) by profession .
Tarvu instantly trusted Amzamiviram ( “ for he knew that he was good ” TARV . BK 1 iii/c ) and revealed to him the fact that he was actually God .
Amzamiviram did not believe him at first and so , for one year , one month , one week , and two days Tarvu dictated to Amzamiviram some parchments which prophecised every event that happened from the beginning of the universe until the end of time .
These parchments became known as ' The Prophecies of Tarvu ' .
Amzamiviram was now sure that Tarvu was the Lord God ( although at that time , Amzamiviram told Tarvu that he was “ only 98 % sure ” of his godliness - it was to be twenty years later until Amzamiviram stated he was “ 100 % positive ” ) .
Tarvu told him that he wanted to live like a man on Earth , and when the time was right , he would reveal himself as Lord God to the people , but only when the time was right .
Amzamiviram swore never to tell a soul ( a promise he kept for the rest of his life - he lived for exactly 400 years ) .
Because of the prophecies and predictions , it was important that the parchments did not fall into the wrong hands .
Amzamiviram 's brother Uckob was a very lazy man , and worse , a drunk .
One night , while searching for wine in Amzamiviram 's cellar , he came accross the Prophecies of Tarvu , hidden under some wineskins .
Curious , Uckob opened the book at the very page that talked about himself finding the Prophecies in Amzamiviram 's cellar underneath some wineskins , and opening the parchments at the very point which said this .
Uckob ran out into the town in terror , screaming from the top of his lungs what he had found .
But before anyone could ask him where this parchment was , Uckob suddenly lost the power to speak , and his tongue turned into a serpent , which bit him to death ( actually he did not die .
People only thought he had died ) .
This was his punishment for defying Tarvu .
If only Uckob had read the next page of The Prophecies , he would have learnt of his fate .
From that moment on , the search was on for The Prophecies .
The news spread to evil King Ikhnaten 's palace - that there was a parchment that was all powerful , that could provide great riches to whoever found it .
Soon , Amzamiviram 's cave was surrounded by the King and his men , demanding to read the holy tome .
A huge crowd gathered : it seemed that everyone was eager to know what would happen to them and the future of the world .
There were also many greedy men and speculators who planned to gain great riches from this secret knowledge .
They had also heard that inside The Prophecies , there were results of upcoming gladiator contests , horse racing and ox - boxing events , which Tarvu had predicted perfectly .
Amzamiviram did n't know what to do , but Tarvu , thinking fast , made a special potion from ground dust , berries and nard which he gave to Amzamiviram .
Instantly , it gave the wise old man the power to write at super speed .
Within a few minutes , Amzamiviram had written out an entirely new set of parchments , that looked exactly like the original Prophecies of Tarvu but were in fact completely fake .
Just then , the King 's men knocked down the door of the cave , and Tarvu and Amzamiviram were surrounded by an angry mob .
“ Give me the Prophecies , ” said the King .
“ I order you this ” .
Amzamiviram handed over the false copy , and the King proclaimed “ And so shall it be , that I , King Ikhnaten , shall have all the riches of the world , and all the knowledge that the future shall holdeth . ”
And with that , he galloped off into the night , his men following , and the crowd exclaiming the glory of King Ikhnaten .
That night , Ikhnaten read the parchments he believed were the Prophecies .
They told him that he would build a giant boat and sail with all his fighting men into the ocean on a quest to find an island covered in gold and silver coins .
It gave a map of the island with precise directions .
It told him that he would be victorious and return the richest man in the known world .
King Ikhnaten ordered every grown man in the kingdom to get to work on the project , building the boat .
They worked under terrible conditions : 10,000 men died from hunder and beatings .
After one month , the ship was ready .
King Ikhnaten named it The Princess Ikh 'alinu , after his favourite daughter .
It was ( and still is ) the largest seafaring vessel ever created , measuring almost a mile long .
Ikhnaten and his men set sail , and after three weeks they caught sight of the island .
It sparkled in the light as it was indeed covered in coins .
The men rejoiced .
King Ikhnaten jumped ashore and his men followed .
They gathered all the coins they could , and carried them in giant wooden trunks onto the ship .
Very soon , every square yard of the boat was covered in coins , but King Ikhnaten wanted more .
And so , they continued filling the boat up with coins , until the coins reached half a mile high .
Soon the men started to die of heat and exhaustion , or of being crushed by coins .
They had also eaten all the food on the island .
They begged the King to set sail and return home , but he would hear nothing of it .
He ordered them to continue until they had taken every coin from the island onto the boat .
Finally they put the last coin on .
The mound was two miles high and completely blocked out the sun .
However , there was no way of getting onto the boat .
Panicking , and realising his blunder , King Ikhnaten ordered his men to take off the coins , but when he looked around , he saw that all his men had died .
He was all alone .
He climbed onto the boat to remove some of the coins , but the extra weight was too much , and the The Princess Ikh 'alinu sunk into the sea , and Ikhnaten was drowned .
With the evil King dead , a new King - King Mathematicus - took the throne .
Mathematicus was a wise and fair monarch and gifted with numbers .
Mathematicus had heard of Tarvu 's deeds and asked Tarvu to be his adviser but Tarvu said “ My Lord , I am but a child , I know not of what you speak .
Had I have had of done , then I would have had had to have accepted your offer , but alas , I cannot had ” .
In other words , Tarvu did not reveal his true self ( i.e that he was the true Lord ) .
Tarvu was not ready yet to tell the world about who he really was .
He wanted to live amongst men as a normal man .
Mathematicus tried everything in his power to persuade Tarvu to take the position in his court ( spices , gold , cigarettes , prostitutes etc ) but nothing could persuade him , nor the Amzamiviram to give up Tarvu .
Tarvu realised that he would have to leave the Kingdom of Ilgop .
And so , he said goodbye to his faithful friend , Amzamiviram .
Before he left , he kissed Amzamiviram on the nose , which instantly made him forget the contents of the Prophecies .
It is said that when Tarvu left , Amzamiviram cried for 70 days , and his tears created the River Euphrates .
We mark this sad day in the Tarvuist Calendar with the Fast of Amzamiviram .
It is not known exactly where Tarvu went at this point .
We believe that the first thing he did was to bury the Prophecies of Tarvu in the desert .
However , soon after , Tarvu banged his head on a cupboard in an inn and concussed himself badly , so that when he awoke , he could not remember where he had hidden them .
There is indeed much debate as to where they may be found , with some scholars attributing them to various scraps of papyrus that turn up every now and then .
The little we do know about the next 5 years is that Tarvu went on a tremendous journey , during which time he smuggled himself under a camel , surviving only on camel 's milk , and dung .
Many years later , Tarvu confessed to his follower , Min-Min that he had suffered terrible stomach cramps and diarrohea ( “ I had sickness of the belly ; the dung served me no good ” Accidents Cpt 12 ii - i ) .
He also disguised himself as a tortoise for a while , by crawling on all fours and making a shell out of bark .
Other disguises from this time are said to have included a giant worm , a crow , a bear , a tree , an ox and also various people that Tarvu re-created from the memory of meeting them ( Tarvu had an excellent memory and could also remember up to 2000 digits ) .
Some passages in the Tarvunty refer to a “ magickle charriot ” or “ four - wheeled metal ox ” ( * nstr*cti*ns , 6-8.80 : g'r ' : Mm , para B ) which some Tarvuists have interpreted as a modern automobile .
Indeed , the distances travelled by Tarvu would have been difficult if not impossible to cover using only the traditional mode of transport , the camel .
The British novelist and essayist Martin Amis wrote ” … if he did not use a camel , are we to accept , as T.P.K .
Henson would have us believe , that Tarvu rode a mutant ' super - camel ' , bred with an elephant , de- trunked and armoured with tin ?
Does this not sound more preposterous than Tarvu simply deciding he needed some wheels and materializing a Daimler ?
He is Tarvu , after all ; he can do anything . ”
Although Amis refers to a Daimler , others have suggested that Tarvu drove a Lexus , leading Lexus to feature Tarvu in a series of television and radio commercials .
This period is known by Tarvuists as ' The Time of Transit ' or ' Thelvol Hatty Haynu ' .
Most believe that , during this time , Tarvu helped locals with early irrigation projects , and assisted poor people on their farms .
There are others who claimed that he helped rich people with their emotional problems .
However , former Tarvuist minister and now fierce critic and scourge of Tarvuism , T.P.K .
Henson , suggests that Tarvu lived amongst wild beasts and actually stole from farmers .
In fact Henson even claims that Tarvu killed a man , a cow - herder named Thibbes .
However , Henson is yet to produce any documentary evidence as to this wild theory .
( See ' Tarvu - Man , God or Myth ' T.P.K. Henson , Bradbury Press 1996 )
The Great Triangle of Baalb .
What we do know about the mysterious period is that Tarvu arrived as a handsome 14 year old in the ancient city of Baalb .
( He later renamed the city Tarvunia on the day he was elected mayor for a second term ) .
We know pretty much for sure that he did not arrive with the prophetic parchments , as when he walked into the walled city , one eyewitness - Kelbi , a sanitary worker - wrote , “ A great man has arrived .
Young and strong , he walketh without possessions .
His hands are free . ” ( Quoted in ' Dichotomy and Diktat ' by Evsner Tark , 1932 ) .
However , there is much debate about this issue , as another eyewitness , Kilbin ( a cinnamon trader ) wrote ( again , ' Dichotomy and Diktat ' )
“ We were part blinded by the sun , parched by the heat , but this man brought many things with him - water , sheepsblood , manfi cakes and a great scrobu [ scroll ] that weighed much , that not even old man Temerith could bear ” ( Temerith was a local strongman and champion ox - boxer ) .
Peter Forsyth - Henderson ( a leading theologian and scholar ) believes that Tarvu was indeed carrying The Prophecies of Tarvu with him , and that perhaps the brightness of the sun , as mentioned by Kilbin , prevented Kelbi and other spectators from seeing it .
By referring to meteorological calculations , Forsyth - Henderson was able to prove that the Sun was closest to the Earth at this point in the year , and that there had also been an eclipse , which may suggest that people had to cover their eyes , and thus not see exactly what Tarvu was carrying .
Tarvu may well have wanted to hide his parchment , as it held great powers , and we know that he was not yet ready to reveal its prophetic contents .
In Witnesses Cpt 3 ii-iv/9 , Tementy says “ And Tarvu did cover his holy tome with skins so that it could be hidden from hands , and eyes ” .
Perhaps this is what really happened to the Prophecies of Tarvu .
However most believe that these parchments to which Tementy was referring were merely details of his accounts and bills etc. and not anything of true worth .
Most believe that the Prophecies were buried by Tarvu and then lost
Tarvu got a job in Baalb as an apprentice baker .
He was apparently very gifted at making bread and manfi cakes , but suffered bullying at the hands of his boss Tellih .
Tellih was a large , powerfully - built man , feared for his temper .
It was said that he could punch through walls , and snap tree trunks with his bare hands .
One day Tarvu accidentally fell asleep during work and Tellih found him snoozing while all his bread had been burnt .
Tellih beat Tarvu hard on the buttocks , so that Tarvu could not sit for 2 weeks .
Although Tarvu - as the Lord - had the power to fend for himself ( and heal himself ) , he took his beating and accepted his fate .
The next day , however , Tellih was dead .
He had fallen into a well and decapitated himself during his fall .
We know this , because the next day , a young girl named Illberini found Tellih 's head in the well 's bucket when she was fetching water .
It was said that her screams could be heard for a thousand miles .
At the age of 15 , Tarvu took over the bakery and for a year he ran a very succesful business .
King Mathematicus would even send his knights there to pick up rolls and manfi cakes for the royal court .
Unfortunately , one day Tarvu fell asleep again and the entire bakery burnt down .
He had lost everything , and was penniless .
Tarvu 's ill fortune with the bakery business is the reason that most Tarvuists do not eat bread ( although they may eat crackers ) .
Having always been gifted at settling disputes ( he once saved a man from stoning , purely by counting to a thousand - a feat which impressed the crowd so much , that they lay down their missiles , released the condemned man , and rewarded Tarvu with gold coins ) , Tarvu entered into local Baalbian politics .
The remains of Baalb City Council Pensions and Disabilities Department .
At that time , Baalbian civic politics was made up of a lot of very unstable and extreme individuals , each fighting for power and money .
A leading civic leader at the time was Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty Taylu , a one - armed former mercenary , who had personally killed his own son in the town 's square , after the boy had answered him in a rude fashion .
Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty
Taylu had become very wealthy through extortion , and had a well - armed and well - paid private army .
When Tarvu entered politics Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty Taylu immediately sent round some of his men to intimidate him ” “ There was a knock at the door .
A terrible knocking .
Tarvu opened the door , and there in the doorway appeared three men , each a veritable giant , in the latest armours , holding forth scimitar aplenty .
The tallest man stepped forward , and with a toothless grin bellowed ' Leave Baalb to the Baalbians .
Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty Taylu commands this '.
I must admit , dear friend , that I did fear for Tarvu 's life but Tarvu fixed the man a stare , such that I had never seen , and instantly the man 's demeanour softened .
He laid down his weapon , and instructed his men to do the same .
They then knelt down on the floor , and kissed Tarvu 's feet .
This went on for at least an hour and a half , and when they had finished kissing , the men rose , and kissed Tarvu heartily ' pon the cheeks and nose for another ninety minutes ” .
( Jilvarthium the Witness , quoted in ' A Witness to Greatness ' by Marcus Taylor , Cambridge Street Press , 1979 ) That evening , Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty Taylu 's men held a coup against their leader , cutting off his other arm , and Taylu was forced to go into exile .
The road was cleared for Tarvu , and he campaigned hard for his election , running with the slogan “ Tarvu - For A Better Baalb ” .
Unfortunately , Tarvu lost the local election to mayoral candidate , Gibb , by just 23 votes ( 23 is an unlucky number for Tarvuists and appears many times in the Barvunty ) .
Many believe the reason that Tarvu lost is that he fell asleep one day when he was meant to have been canvassing the North Western part of Baalb .
Tarvu became very depressed .
People at the time reported that Tarvu would spend days and days just sleeping , lying in his dark room , eating manfi cakes and turning away visitors .
He had also gained quite a lot of weight .
The news even spread as far as Amzamiviram 's cave .
Then one day , Amzamiviram appeared to Tarvu in a vision , saying ' My dear friend .
My Master .
I beseech thee to announce yourself as the true giver of life , as the Lord ' .
When Tarvu received this vision , he was so moved by his friend 's pleas that he sent Amzamiviram back a vision ( an early form of email , in a way ! ) .
At the time , Amzamiviram was polishing a large , filthy , rusty bell , when suddenly he ' saw '
Tarvu standing before him .
Tarvu said , “ I thank thee brother Amzamiviram for your message .
I cannot yet reveal my true self but you have gone a long way in shaking me from my terrible low .
Arise Amzamiviram ” Amzamiviram did so , and Tarvu ' kissed ' him gently on the mouth and nose before disappearing .
When Amzamiviram turned round , he noticed that the giant , rusty bell was sparklingly clean .
Tarvu then ( this is in the real world , not in the vision ) got out of his bed , tore down his curtain to let the light into the room , and exclaimed ( quietly to himself ) “ Yea , I am the Lord .
And they shall all know - on my 21st birthday ” .
This became known as “ Tarvu's Promise . ”
From that moment on , Tarvu was no longer depressed .
He threw all his efforts into civic politics and fighting to become Mayor again .
And indeed he did .
Two years later , he beat Gibb ( who had been disgraced , after a number of guests had contracted food poisoning at one of his orgies ) , and Tarvu became Mayor of Baalb .
He accepted the position at the gates of the town , in front of the entire Baalbian population ( between 1,000 - 20,000 people - the exact number is unknown ) .
There was much celebration and jubilation , although at one point , a wild giraffe escaped into the town centre and ran amok , gouging a young man - a woodcutter - named Huig - Benthon .
Tarvu approached the injured man , and , distracting all around him by saying , “ Look at that enormous bird in the sky , ” he quickly touched the man 's wounds , healing him .
Tarvu told the man quietly that he should never tell anyone about what had happened .
The man agreed .
When everyone turned back round from looking at the large bird , they were amazed to see the injured man to be well again .
This is why people who have been healed by Tarvu are known as “ Huig - Benthonians ” .
Tarvu became a very successful and well - loved Mayor .
Everything seemed to be going well for Tarvu .
His irrigation system became the envy of neighbouring kingdoms , tax relief for pensioners ( all those over 35 ) was popular and effective , his new farming methods were working well ( Baalb had terrific harvests during Tarvu 's reign ) , and crime was down by 25 % ( although violent crime and murder had risen by 5 % ) .
What 's more , no - one suspected that Tarvu was actually the Lord God .
So Tarvu was able to ' live amongst men as a man ' and learn from everyday people .
His plan was working .
He was a success .
Syunty .
From an ancient Tarvunian calendar .
There has been much speculation from Tarvuist scholars and students of theology as to whether Tarvu had a wife at the time .
Of course , we all know that , later in his life , he married Binni , but many believe he had an earlier wife , whilst he was mayor .
There is debate as to who this woman was .
Some believe she was called Tyunty ( an abacus mender 's daughter ) , while others suggest she was Ul - Fitti Finbinini ( sister of the famous undertaker , Il - Fitti Finbininam ) .
In his 1989 book , ' T.A.R.V.U.A.B : The Anti Religion Vandals Unit Are Back ' , Tarvuist detractor , T.P.K .
Henson , suggests that Tarvu was secretly married to eight women at the same time ( he names them as Gij , Funbi , Jil - Hil - Numbrim , Dibbi , Syunty ( who worked as a topless model ) , Syuntyam , Kiv-Filson and another woman called Funbi ) .
He also claims that Tarvu kept a harem of prostitutes , whom he maltreated .
It is worth pointing out that there has never been any documentary proof as to these accusations .
In fact , the Givil sued successfully over several of Henson 's more wild exaggerations relating to Tarvu 's private and sexual life .
What is generally believed is that Tarvu went on many dates , and was much sought after .
After all , he was young , good - looking , rich , powerful , respected , wonderful with words , good at dancing , wrestling and fasting .
He could cook well , knew his wines , was an expert in textiles , had a fantastic memory , and was an excellent bird breeder .
He could also sing and whistle wonderfully , and clap rapidly and loudly ( a talent that was much admired in those days ) .
Tarvu was also an accomplished ox - boxer and had vanquished many strong oxen .
Furthermore , he spoke Octish fluently , and was a brilliant swimmer .
People who met him often came away feeling like they had met someone very special : “ I was so in awe of this great , great man , that I was physically sick soon afterwards , and needed to lie down .
Such was the power , the presence of this great , great , great man . ” ( Reported in ' I Met Him : First - hand Reports From Those That Met Tarvu ' , Baker & Baker , London Union Press , 1944 )
All this , of course , is by the by .
Tarvu must have had some liaisons with women , but they were no doubt , all honourable ones .
Tarvu 's time as mayor was going very smoothly , until one day , while he was holding a council meeting regarding the problem of raw sewage getting into the town 's food supplies , a shabby man with an unshaven face , burst in waving a bottle of wine in the air , shouting “ Tarvu is a mitch .
A terrible mitch ! ” ( ' Mitch ' was a term meaning ' male witch ' ) .
Tarvu tried to get the man expelled , but he would not leave .
“ I am Uckob , brother of Amzamiviram the bell - maker , and I swear by Izantu that Tarvu is possessed by mitches ” .
He went on to tell the story of the Prophecies , and how he was almost bit to death by the serpent ( in fact Uckob had only lost a leg ) .
When the council questioned Uckob further , he proved to them that Tarvu was who he said he was , by identifying a small mole on Tarvu 's bottom .
There were gasps all around , and clamours for Tarvu to give an explanation .
Tarvu told them all that he was not a mitch , but admitted to writing the Prophecies .
When the chamber asked him to fetch the parchments , Tarvu told them that he could not remember where he had put them - which was true .
Shouts of “ mitch ” and “ mimtub ' ( a derogatory term in those days which translates loosely as “ vile pollinator ” ) echoed around the hall .
Tarvu was arrested and thrown into jail .
The prison at Baalb .
Its modern design is still copied today .
Not much is known about what happened to Tarvu while he was locked up .
Some say he was tortured by the evil Thumbi ( a seven foot tall man , who was an ex-champion anvil thrower ) .
He certainly endured hardship , as Amzamiviram visited him in his cell , and openly wept when he saw Tarvu , for he had lost a lot of weight and had big bags under his eyes .
It is probably correct to assume that Tarvu was beaten in the attempt to get him to admit where the Prophecies were .
Some say that Gibb , Tarvu 's disgraced mayoral rival , orchestrated much of this maltreatment .
Whether this is true or not , we do not know , but it would be safe to assume that many men would have wanted to get their hands on these valuable prophetic parchments .
Tarvu was eventually tried as a mitch and sentenced to death .
Amzamiviram pleaded with Tarvu to come clean and to admit that he was actually the Lord God , but Tarvu told him that he was not ready , that the time was not yet right , and that he would do so at his 21st birthday party .
“ But Lord , you may not even have a party , for you are certain to die , ” wept Amzamiviram .
“ Quiet , ” replied Tarvu .
“ You must believe ” .
Amzamiviram stopped his sobs ( although it is said that he cried bitterly outside the prison gates for several hours afterwards ) .
And so the day of Tarvu 's execution came .
A bell - ringer sounded a massive bronze bell , and Tarvu was led into the prison courtyard .
There were thousands of Baalbians , and many outsiders who had come to witness the execution .
Tarvu was to be drowned to death , by being ' ducked ' into the water , using a device known as an ampirimi-lemtub .
This was basically a giant wooden structure , made up of pulleys and ropes , with a seat , into which the victim was strapped .
Tarvu was asked if he wanted to say anything before he was to die .
Just as he was about to open his mouth , Amzamiviram ( who had been crying greatly ) called out “ Tell them , o Master .
Tell them ! ”
But Tarvu shook his head to signify that Amzamiviram should be quiet .
Then , Tarvu faced the crowd , and in a loud , clear voice uttered these words : “ Im fitty telabunty marhaynu malfitty oonu , tal kaarsatiam men hetta henty ” .
Unfortunately , there is no direct translation of these words , as Tarvu spoke in a very particular dialect of Tarvunian at this instance .
However it is thought that it may have had something to do with life and death .
And with that , he was dunked into the water and held under for many minutes .
Little did the gathered know , that Tarvu had secretly communicated with his octopus friend Oobu , and Oobu 's family , by calling out in Octish underwater .
They swam as fast as they could , and biting through the cords that bound him , they freed Tarvu .
Ten minutes later , when the ampirimi- lemtub was lifted out of the water , the crowd gasped .
“ He 's gone ! ” they shouted .
At that moment , Amzamiviram received a vision .
It was of Tarvu swimming with Oobu , and telling him “ I shall call upon you soon , my friend .
Be ready .
For I am Tarvu .
I am truly the Lord ” .
Amzamiviram went back to his cave a happy man , this time only crying tears of joy along the way .
Oobu embraces his human step - son .
Tarvu and Oobu swam and swam , returning to the deep ocean where Oobu 's family lived .
Along the way , Tarvu entertained Oobu with his tales of adventure .
Oobu was amused , and although he had always known that Tarvu was destined for great things , he suspected that Tarvu's wild stories were more than a little embellished ( although they almost certainly were n't - Tarvu hated exaggeration and often downplayed certain aspects of his achievements ) .
It is not known exactly how Tarvu was able to breathe underwater , but it is believed to be connected with certain physical changes his body underwent as a child in the ocean .
Jerbyn D. Diamond , the eminient Australian anthropologist , proposed on his internet web - blog , that Tarvu ” … may have developed rudimentary gills just underneath his ears , as has been demonstrated in certain Polynesian tribes .
Tarvu was said to have sported ' mutton - chop ' sideburns at one point in his life , despite the fashions of the time … could he have been concealing man-gills ? ”
On their way to meet Oobu 's family , the holy octopus and the Lord rested awhile on a smooth rock on the sea bed , where they set up camp .
Oobu regaled Tarvu with stories about his children , who , now grown , had children of their own : Ippi , Oobu 's beautiful daughter , had just given birth to quindecaplets ( fifteen octopus babies ) ; whilst Oppo , Oobu 's son , who was homosexual , had adopted a number of orphaned octopuses with his life partner , Alfache .
The pair stayed in the camp overnight ; and much to Tarvu 's surprise , Oobu suggested they stay there the next day and night as well .
“ Will your family not be waiting for us , o Father ? ” asked Tarvu , but Oobu brushed aside Tarvu 's concerns .
“ Let us stay here and enjoy each other 's company ” .
So there they remained for two , then three , then four days , talking and reminiscing .
They played many games of Patti-Patti , using shells for counters and a board marked in the sand .
Tarvu even made manfi cakes using ground sea-sponge and barnacles .
Gradually , Tarvu became restless and impatient , and urged Oobu to leave their camp and continue their journey .
But Oobu resisted , for he knew the secret truth : Oobu was slightly lost .
Oobu knew that they were in the right general area but was unsure of which direction to take next , as they were in a section of the seabed that looked identical for miles and miles around .
The only ' landmarks ' were slight variations in the seaweed covering the ocean floor - undetectable to the human eye , but a simple task for an octopus .
However , Oobu was old now , and his eyesight was very weak .
He was embarrassed to reveal this to Tarvu , but , as the excuses dwindled , he reluctantly explained with the exclamation “ Boop - hub - hup ” - a dialectic Octish term , unfamiliar to Tarvu , which we now know to mean ' that which I see is fuzzy or blurry ' ( first translated by Gadd Green in his 1370 work , ' Ock - tish ; A Treatyse on The Hubble - Bubblyng Speke of the Ockto - pusses and Their Freynds , The Squiddeys ' ) .
Tarvu , not realising that Oobu could not see properly , urged him to make a decision there and then as to which direction they should go in .
The pressure from the impatient Tarvu seemed to worsen Oobu 's eyesight ( most people now believe that Oobu suffered from astigmatism ) , and , flustered , Oobu made a hasty calculation and decided to head west from where they were - but in actual fact , they were heading north , taking them far from Oobu 's lair , and in entirely the opposite direction to dry land , and Ilgop .
Oobu is pestered by an impertinent crab to lend him some money .
So the pair swam north , thinking they were heading west - although Tarvu must have secretly known that they were heading in the wrong direction , as he was omniscient .
If this is the case , why did Tarvu not mention this fact to Oobu ?
And why did he not stop the futile swim ?
After all , Oobu knew perfectly well that Tarvu was Lord God , so Tarvu would not be revealing any great secret .
Perhaps Tarvu temporarily ' erased '
Oobu 's memory ( as he had done several years before with Amzamiviram ) to save Oobu embarrassment ?
This is not beyond the realms of possibility , as Tarvu was a famously kind and thoughtful man .
Perhaps he wiped Oobu 's memory because he feared that Oobu , now older and weaker in mind , may have blurted out to other sea creatures ( lobsters were notorious gossips ) the secret that Tarvu was the Lord .
Either way , if Tarvu had erased Oobu 's memory , why then would Tarvu need to continue to swim in the wrong direction ?
This is indeed a major debating point in Tarvuism , known as the ' Bakersfield Conundrum ' , after the celebrated theologian Iain Bakersfield .
We may never know the real reason .
What we do know is that Oobu and Tarvu finally landed on an ice floe by the North Pole .
Cold and exhausted , Tarvu managed to carve an igloo in which he slept , while Oobu slept in a little pool that Tarvu had fashioned out of ice .
In the morning Oobu finally admitted his error to Tarvu , but Tarvu did not get angry , instead he said : “ Fear not 'o father of the seas .
Thou hast saved my life , not once but twice , and so I owe you at least your pride . ”
Oobu replied , “ I thank you Tarvoobi [ Oobu 's ' pet name ' for Tarvu ] .
You know me well , and you know octopuses well - for pride is something we value almost as greatly as ink itself .
Arise Tarvoobi , for I appoint you ' Octunatatov ' [ trans .
Saviour of the Seas ] ” And with that , Oobu fashioned a crown out of some seaweed and banacles , and placed it on Tarvu 's head .
It is said that when Tarvu stepped out of the igloo , he saw a mass of whales spraying water noisily through their air holes .
Sharks and seals leapt out of the water to show their approval , and every creature beneath the waters stopped swimming for exactly nine minutes out of respect to Tarvu .
From that moment on , Oobu knew that he could always rely on sea life to help him .
And indeed , in later life , he did call on their help .
Tarvu had to move on .
He thanked Oobu for his help , but told him that he needed to be with his fellow man , so that he could do good , and continue to learn from them .
Oobu understood .
But before he left , Tarvu asked Oobu if there was anything he could do for him and his family ( who had recently joined them at the North Pole ) .
Oobu said “ yes ” ( ” yebbo ” in Octish and also in Tarvunian ) and asked Tarvu to build him an ice pyramid that contained lakes , brimming with plankton and water grubs ( i.e octopus food ) .
He also requested a gymnasium , fashioned from sheet ice and blocks of snow .
Tarvu said he would do so , and told Oobu to look away for a few seconds .
When Oobu looked back , there stood a giant pyramid made of ice , gleaming in the light .
Oobu named his new home , ' Ibulanty ' ( literally meaning ' three - cornered hat ' ) .
Oobu was so happy that he presented Tarvu with some of his octopus ink , which Tarvu kept in a whelk shell around his neck for the rest of his life .
Interestingly enough , many , many years later , the legend of Oobu 's three cornered home was to become popularised in a famous German song , one that is often taught to students of the German language : “ Mein Hut es hat drei Ecken , drei Ecken habt mein Hut , und hat es nicht drei Ecken , so ist es nicht mein Hut . ”
Tarvu swam again .
For two months he swam , inventing some hitherto unknown swimming styles .
Previously , humans had only used two strokes : front crawl and catty paddle .
But during this time , known as Tarvu's Second Swim , Tarvu is thought to have perfected and introduced to at least five more :
Back stroke , breast stroke , jellyfish roll , double - scissor freestyle and butterfly stroke ( which was known as ” Mothbarnu ” [ Moth Crawl ] as butterflies were scarce in the ancient world ) .
Over the two months
Tarvu covered an immense distance , despite backtracking on himself a number of times due to practising and perfecting his new swimming techniques .
During this period he is thought by various authorities to have appeared as far afield as ancient Denmark and ancient Brazil ( then known as B'hen ' quetzhenqu' att'l ) .
These visits have been well documented by authorities such as Ribbins and George ' Mastermind ' Mastermine .
Controversially , Tarvu is also alleged to have turned up in ancient Ireland , according to a best - selling book written by the hermaphrodite author Kathleen O'Onnor .
According to O'Onnor , Tarvu spent six weeks in the ( then ) mini-village of Tipperary ( pop. 14 ) , learning how to make wicker effigies for target practice and showing the locals how to fashion bagpipes from lungfish carcasses .
He also is supposedly responsible for introducing the cultivation of the miniature , bonsai - style oak trees known locally as ' Oak Thins ' , which are traditionally eaten as part of a woodland salad .
The majority of O'Onnor 's claims , however , are regarded as spurious by most Tarvunian scholars .
Mun -Mun 's public lavatories : Men , Women and Disabled .
Eventually Tarvu settled in the land of ' Mun - Mun ' .
Mun-Mun - also known as Munmunahuntymatummamuntymamunnahut ( lit trans : ' town ' ) was described at the time as “ a hot place where the sun heats a man 's head and a woman 's heart ” ( From 'A Wittness to Tarvu : Perssonal Testimonys from those that were Their , ' Michael , Louise and Regina Fforde , Caledonian Street Press , 1971 ) .
There is , however , much dispute as to where Mun -Mun lay .
Some scholars believe that Mun -Mun was in fact actually Baalb , i.e that Tarvu swam back to where he came from .
The majority , however , believe that Mun -Mun lay some 200 miles East of Baalb , somewhere between Turkey and Ethiopia .
Mun-Mun is also notable for being the first city in the ancient world to provide public toilets for its citizens , brought on by massive outbreaks of diarrohea .
At that time , Mun-Mun was technically at war with Baalb ( there was no actual fighting going on between them , but they had never signed a peace treaty after the battle of ' The Hunjavvi Eggs ' ) .
This posed a great dilemma for Tarvu : namely , the city that he had worked so hard to improve no longer wanted him ( in fact , it wanted him dead - or rather - believed him to be dead ) , whilst Mun -Mun - his new home - was bitterly opposed to Baalb .
Tarvu longed to go back to Baalb but he knew that it was not yet safe .
In Mun-Mun , Tarvu was greeted as a hero - for indeed , anyone who was an enemy of Baalb ( as Tarvu was perceived to be ) was considered a great man .
Much honour was laid upon Tarvu .
The Mayor of Mun-Mun , a very overweight man , called Imviutyhan ( pronounced ' Hailsham ' ) presented Tarvu with his own vineyard , 2 gold necklaces and 3 prostitutes to use for up to a month .
Tarvu accepted his gifts politely ( Tarvu was always polite ) , then gave the necklaces to two beggars ( named ' Pok ' and ' Ranchitty ' - known collectively in Tarvuism as ' The Accepters ' ) .
The vineyard , he kept ( Tarvu loved wine ) , and as for the prostitutes , well we can only assume that he let them go after perhaps enjoying their company for just one night or two .
Knowing of Tarvu 's reputation as a great civic worker , Mayor Imviutyhan asked Tarvu to become his deputy mayor .
At that time Mun -Mun needed some new irrigation projects , and much work on a sewage problem that had beset the town for many years ( travellers spoke of human , dog and goat faeces flooding the streets , and occasionally getting into the food ) .
However , Tarvu resisted .
He wanted to spend some time mixing with the ordinary people , and readying himself for his 21st birthday party , the event at which he would announce that he was the Lord .
And so Tarvu started the preparations .
For 50 days and 50 nights he planned his party meticulously .
He began by clearing a large space in the Mun Mun valley , digging and clearing the soil himself .
He worked without rest , uprooting and replanting trees , moving termite nests , building rockeries , and diverting streams , so that when he had finished , he had created a beautiful oasis of calm and serenity .
Tarvu also composed many songs for the party .
Some of these songs are still sung today at Tarvuist festivities - songs such as ' Inyetta Charvinge ' ( ' Peace for All ' ) and ' Telvini Menkob ' ( ' We Love a Party ' ) .
Tarvu 's party , as depicted by the Egyptian artist Brendan O'Shaughnessy .
A feast was laid on featuring many of Tarvu 's own recipes - lamb with vanilla , chicken custards , syllabubs , cinammon hotcakes etc etc .
Over one thousand people were invited to the big night .
Everyone who was anyone was there in their best finery .
The food and drink flowed , and much dancing ensued .
Alvinni the Martyr wrote : “ Never have I seen such a spectacle .
Gold , silver , aluminium , copper - all manner of metals out of which Tarvu had fashioned goblets and plates - and the food was simply stunning . ”
( Alvinni's Beautiful Memoirs , Richardson Pocket Editions , 2006 ) Then , at the stroke of midnight , Tarvu stood up on a chair and announced , ' Silence ! '
A strange hush descended in the valley .
Tarvu said : “ Thank you all for coming to my party , and for bringing gifts , for which I am eternally grateful .
I particularly like the new headscarf .
But I have not brought you here merely to celebrate .
No , I have called you here to witness the fact that I am the Lord .
Your Lord . For I am Tarvu . Your Master ” .
Immediately there were murmurings .
One man , Yarvin ( later known as ' Yarvin the Ignorer ' ) , shouted ' He 's drunk ! ' which caused much laughter .
Tarvu tried to reason with the people , but they kept shouting back that he had drunk too much .
Yarvin even told Tarvu to “ stop showing off ” .
The laughter got louder and louder , and soon the party goers were all joining in .
The music started up again and everyone returned to their dancing and eating .
But Tarvu would have none of this .
“ Silence ! ” he shouted again .
“ I swear to you all , good people , that I , Tarvu , am the Lord of the Universe ” .
Tarvu 's anger made things worse .
It seemed to reinforce their belief that Tarvu was just drunk .
Yarvin called upon everyone to leave , and soon , many started to depart .
Tarvu begged everyone to stay , and again he stressed that he was the Lord .
But Yarvin and his followers started to chant , ' Mitch ! '
Mitch !'
( Tarvunian word meaning ' male witch ' ) .
The chanting grew and grew .
Amzamiviram ( who was the toastmaster at the party ) tried to calm the party goers , but he was met with a barrage of ' Mitchunty ! ' ( trans. ' fellow Mitch ' ) .
Yarvin and about 40 men left the valley .
This group became known as ' The Unsee - ers ' , as they did not witness what was to happen next .
But Tarvu had had enough .
He waved his arms over the valley and instantly the men and women found that they could not even speak if they wanted to .
Alvinni notes that “ it was if our lips had been sewn together , but this was n't painful , in fact it felt nice ” .
Tarvu then grew to over a mile high .
The people stared on in disbelief .
“ Now you will believe me that I am the Lord ” , and with that , he waved his hands through the sky and immediately the clouds began to swirl around , crashing into each other , and forming new shapes .
But these were not ordinary shapes , for the clouds began to form images , moving images .
Tarvu showed how he had created the two universes , Universe A and Universe B ( Universe Abbu , and Universe Babbu ) ( We live in Universe B ) .
He showed how he had landed on Earth and had been rescued by Oobu .
He showed the people their life and then showed them great visions of the future .
Alvinni wrote : ” I saw men in agony , women in childbirth , frogs and rats , I saw fire and volcanoes , large silver flying beasts , earthquakes and floods , a prince with a gold crown , babies dancing , a box that was made from grey matter that contained soft gold , I saw many great battles , skeletons and spirits of birds , great ships the size of towns , men wearing body armour such that I have never seen before , I saw entire cities melt into dust , an octopus with a walking stick , a giant arrow that shot up into the sky , an old man turn into water , and a large chair on which sat my own mother * . ” * other witnesses reported seeing their own mothers , some of whom were standing , or sitting next to the chair .
These cloud visions ( known as ' Mdfunty funties ' ) lasted for over one hour .
When they finished , the clouds broke and the people were soaked in hot rain .
It was said that all those that gathered there fell to the floor in tears , and then , able to talk again , they chanted Tarvu 's name .
One dissenter who had called Tarvu “ a great drunk ” earlier on , cried Tarvu 's name at the top of his voice , and vowed never to betray him .
This was ' Ruthuggan ' , who later set up many beautiful Tarvuist temples .
Tarvu was happy , and transformed himself into 100 giant copies of himself .
As the party gazed on in amazement , the 100 Tarvus performed an incredible dance routine .
This is known as ' Tarvu's Dance ' or ' Jildum jinny ' , and is accepted to have been the greatest dance routine of all time .
It is much copied , even to this day .
The dance over , Tarvu became one again ( and normal size ) , and the people bowed down to him , crying , “ Oh master , what can we do for you ? ”
Tarvu replied with two words , known in Tarvuism as the Two Words of Tarvu : the words were : “ Umfitty noonah ” .
This translates as ” Be nice ” and forms the central tenet of Tarvuism .
The people understood and replied “ Umfititty noonam ” ( transl .
“ We will be nice ” ) .
One man , believed to be a distant cousin of Uckob , stood up and said , “ Lord , what if we can not be nice ? ”
And Tarvu replied , “ Then be quite nice ” ( ' Talvim umfitty tenebim noonah ' ) .
Again the people understood .
From this short exchange came the Tarvuist mantra , ” Be nice .
But if you can't be nice , be quite nice ” .
This is often heard during religious services ( “ Umfitty noonah , telebunty nop nop , talvim umfitty tenebim noonah ” ) .
This day is known in the Tarvunian calendar , as Tarvu's Day , or Tarvu Hen -Henty .
Tarvu told the gathered that they needed to search within themselves to find “ what is good ” .
“ Only by being good ” , he added “ can one do good ” .
He appointed Amzamiviram as his right hand man , naming him ' Priestmunty ( trans . Priest ) Amzamiviram '.
Amzamiviram became known - later as the ' Grandfather of Tarvuism ' .
Tarvu said , “ I have so much to teach you , and so I will give you all a series of twice weekly lectures ( on Tuesdays and Thursdays ) and attendance is mandatory .
This was the beginning of the great Tarvuist faith .
Every Tuesday and every Thursday ( ' Tarvusday ' and ' Tharvusday ' in the Tarvuist calendar ) , people gathered - first in markets , in schools and homes , before building stone temples , known as ' chabernackles ' .
The most famous chabernackle ever built was the ' Tarvumacklementy ' ( trans . Tarvu 's Chabernackle ) which was built in Baalb ( renamed Tarvunia after Tarvu had made up with the population of this town ) .
It was constructed out of three hundred thousand tons of stone , and took 10,000 men 6 months to build .
Here , thousands of worshippers came to listen to Tarvu speak every Tuesday and Thursday .
Tarvu refrained from carrying out miracles and strange feats ( such as becoming a giant again etc ) .
Despite people asking him to fly , or to hold his breath for hours etc , Tarvu insisted that he acted like every other man .
Soon the people grew used to him being like them , and respected him even more .
And so Tarvu 's word spread .
Great kings and queens would flock to see this man and to be blessed by him .
Tarvu spent a very busy year , giving great speeches , healing sick people .
One famous story tells of a man called Bulhus who suffered from numbness , i.e he he could n't physically feel anything .
Tarvu kissed Bulhus 's nose , and instantly the man could feel .
In fact Tarvu had made the man extra sensitive .
After this , Bulhus became known as ' Trilvahaartum Bulhus ' or ( ' Sensitive Bill ' ) .
Many of Tarvu 's speeches were recorded by Amzamiviram and also by Gub , a former thief , who turned to Tarvuism .
Unfortunately many of these scrolls - that were kept in Amzamiviram 's cave were either eaten by rats or torn apart by Amzamiviram 's drunken brother , Uckob .
Tarvu tried to instill a sense of civic duty into the populace .
However , he tried very hard to get the people of Tarvunia to take seriously the threat of the River Euphretes ( it is believed that it was the River Euphretes rather than another river ) bursting its banks .
In sermons , Tarvu tried to tell the people to band together to work on a flood prevention device or to build a dam .
However , the people had grown lazy and had become too reliant on Tarvu to do everything for them .
They would say ' But if , Lord , a flood were to come , then you would use your powers to stop it ' etc .
However , Tarvu warned them that if there were ever a flood , he would not prevent it , as it would serve as a lesson against sloth .
Then one day , on Tarvu's 23rd birthday , Tarvu was speaking at the Tarvumacklementy to a packed audience , when , from afar , came the sound of rumbling .
The sound grew louder and louser , until the noise was deafening .
Suddenly a shout came out - ' Flood , flood ! '
But it was too late - the river Euphretes ( it is believed it was the river Euphretes ) had burst its banks and a mass of filthy water busrt though the temple .
Tarvu called on his people not to panic , and they shouted ' stop the water !
Stop the water !'.
But Tarvu did not , and instead , helped the injured to the higher levels of the temple .
When the flood was over , there were over 500 dead .
The survivors grew angry with Tarvu , demanding why he had done nothing to help .
He replied ' I told you many , many times that this would happen , but you did not listen to me at all .
If you had listened to me , then this would n't have happened , but you chose not to listen to me , and so this has now occured ' .
And with that the people turned on Tarvu , shouting at him , even punching and kicking him .
Women pulled his hair , and one man held him down , while another shaved off his moustache .
Tarvu did not fight back , and after an hour was left a bloodied mess at the base of the temple .
Amzamiviram , weeping greatly , joined him , and tried to apply ointment to his cuts and bruises , but Tarvu pushed him away , livid with anger .
Tarvu pulled himself to his feet and shouted with all his might .
' If the people do not need Tarvu , then Tarvu does not need to exist .
Therefore Tarvu is dead .
For I am now Barvu ' .
With that , Tarvu grew to 10 feet in height , his skin went dark blue , and his muscles popped out of his body .
He was transforming right in front of Amzamiviram 's eyes .
' But Lord , ' whimpered Amzamiviram , ' What is becoming of you ? '
Tarvu replied ' I do not need you anymore - o' solitary bell maker .
I am Barvu , master of the dark , bringer of pain and suffering .
Run !
Run I tell you , before it is too late . '
Terrified , crying , Amzamivram ran as fast as he could , shouting through the streets ' Repent !
Repent !
Tarvu has gone .
Barvu is here '.
Barvu ripped apart the fittings in the flooded temple , and pulled down the columns , wrecking the building .
He then ran from house to house , smashing windows , emptying toilet buckets and starting fires .
The people screamed for help but none came .
Not much is known about the next 12 months , although there has been great speculation , and in fact , almost an entire ' Barvuist industry ' devoted to hearsay and guesswork .
However we do know that Barvu frequented many brothels ( destroying them after ) , wrecking villages , bridges , irrigation systems and temples .
He caused great floods of sewage , bred rats in captivity to be released onto farms , summoned bees and wasps to sting communities , and for one month hovered menacingly in the sky , spitting acidic saliva at people below .
Priestmunties tried to reason with Barvu , beseeching him to leave and to return as Tarvu - to no avail ( the priestmunties were often eaten by Barvu ) .
Entire armies were delpoyed against this evil - maker but were destroyed from one exhale of his foul breath .
Cities went dark .
People moved underground , living in tunnels , and some high up in the freezing mountains .
Trade stopped , crops died , people starved .
And then …
Exactly one year later , Barvu , who was still floating in the air , bellowed at the top of his voice : “ And so you have seen the wrath that you have incurred .
It is your own fault , people , for not listening to the words of Tarvu .
I am Barvu .
My work has been done .
Bebbo ” .
And with that , he floated down to the ground , shrank to normal size ( although eye - witnesses say he had actually grown an inch ) and his skin returned to his normal colour .
Barvu became Tarvu again .
The people rejoiced , and the good news spread all over the region .
Whole towns and cities held Tarvuist parties , with manfi cakes , rantini and vanilla chicken .
And so Tarvuism flourished throughout the region .
People soon forgot the horrors of Barvu , although around this time a small group of thieves and petty criminals set up the Barvuist cult , ( Barvuism ) , which is still , sadly , alive today .
Tarvu 's word spread across the seas , taking a foothold in Europe , in particular , Northern Europe , with the early writings of Yulsen the Devout ( c. 950 BC ) , who extolled Tarvuism , and travelled throughout Scandanavia and Scotland to spread the Tarvuist word .
Above : Yulsen the Devout .
It was said that he had the finest sense of smell in all of Europe , and that he could even ' smell sounds ' .
Not much is known about Tarvu between the ages of 24 to 35 .
We know he married a beautiful woman called Binni , who was the daughter of a simple quill maker .
There are not many details about Binni that have survived today , although Alvinni the Martyr wrote “ She is such a wonderful woman , full of laughter and joy , and she is very talented at singing and erotic dancing . ”
It is believed that Tarvu travelled across the oceans to Europe with Binni , and lectured through Spain , Italy , France , parts of Germany , Holland , and Southern England .
Unfortunately , we have no records from the time , apart from a small scrap of parchment , attributed to John Ffordef , bearing the words ' Tarvu made us weep but Binni made us feel like men again ' .
Tarvuism was growing at an incredible speed .
In fact it was the fastest growing religion in the world .
Parchments and scrolls ( ' scrobus ' ) changed hands all over the world .
Tarvu 's word was like gold dust .
Kings and Queens summoned Tarvu , and many Princes sailed thousands of miles just to hear him talk , or to see his wife dance .
But all was not quite so well .
A wealthy silversmith , named Hul - Veth invited Tarvu over for dinner one night at his large mansion .
Hul - Veth was a very sly man , who had amassed a fortune by setting up his own religion , and making followers hand over their land , money , livestock and wives ( who he then sold ) .
His religion - Hulvethism - held Hul - Veth to be God , rather than Tarvu .
Although Hulvethism was small ( followers numbered roughly 700 ) , it came equipped with a powerful army .
Above : Hul - Veth - handsome , angry , dangerous .
Tarvu arrived at the mansion on time ( Tarvu was never late ) , and was immediately seized by one of Hul - Veth 's guards .
Tarvu - as a man of peace - did not resist , and was locked away in a dark , damp cellar .
Hul - Veth 's plan had worked .
With Tarvu out of the way , he could continue to propagate the myth that he was the real God .
He began by inviting members of the community ( who he charged a fee ) to come and view Tarvu in chains .
Hul - Veth told visitors that Tarvu could not possibly be the Lord God as he was unable to break free .
And so , people began converting to Hulvethism in their thousands .
Tarvu remained in the jail for months .
Why did he not resist ?
Well , this is a good question , and one that has been debated many times .
T.P.K. Henson claims that Tarvu did not resist for two reasons :
Because he was not actually the Lord God and therefore was merely a man , unable to break free from his chains .
That Tarvu was actually in a different prison at this time , charged with embezzlement .
Both of these claims - we know - are completely untrue , and the Givil sued successfully over Henson 's particularly outlandish second claim in 2003 .
Most believe that Tarvu did not resist , as he wanted to test the people 's faithfulness .
Whilst many converted to Hulvethism , many many did not , and so Tarvu was able to see exactly who his true friends were .
Some have wondered why Tarvu did not merely become Barvu again , and destroy Hulvethism with a stroke .
This is a good point , but most believe that Tarvu had decided that Barvu had done enough damage already
Above : Traditional British puppet entertainers , Punch and Judy , perform the story of Tarvu's ' hanging . '
After six months in chains , Tarvu was led out to a large courtyard by Hul - Veth himself , before a mocking crowd .
There , in the centre was a giant scaffold , from which Tarvu was to be hung .
Amzamiviram was there , weeping bitterly , beseeching Tarvu to save himself .
It was said that Amzamiviram had cried so much , that all his clothes - including his undergarments - were soaking wet .
Tarvu looked Amzamiviram in the eye and said , “ Do not worry , good Sir Amzamiviram , ” before kissing him on the nose and eyes .
Tarvu mounted the steps leading to the scaffold , on which stood a white horse .
He turned to the crowd and said , “ So , you people believe Hul - Veth to be your true Lord ? ”
An enormous roar came back ” Yebbo ” ( trans ' Yes ' ) .
“ Well , people , ” continued Tarvu , “ You are all nothing but butter worshippers . ”
The crowd looked confused .
Hul - Veth stood forward , exclaiming “ Butter worshippers ?
Why , this Tarvu , who calls himself the Lord God , is delirious .
Perhaps he has been eating too much butter ! ”
The people laughed and cheered .
And so , Tarvu mounted the white horse , and Hul - Veth placed the rope around Tarvu 's neck .
The crowd gasped , Amzamiviram sobbed , and Hul - Veth laughed loudly .
Hul - Veth asked Tarvu if he had anything else to say to the crowd , before he whipped the horse to make it gallop .
Tarvu looked out to the masses and said , “ Yes , I say .
You are all butter worshippers ! ”
And with that , Hul - Veth whipped the horse .
But the horse did not move .
Hul - Veth whipped it again .
Still Tarvu remained on the horse , with the rope around his neck .
Hul - Veth tried to pull the horse but it would not budge .
He ordered his men to whip the horse together , but again the horse remained standing .
Suddenly , Tarvu blinked and the rope disintegrated .
Then Tarvu floated up into the air - still on the white horse .
Pointing his finger at evil Hul - Veth , Tarvu and the white horse bellowed the following words in unison , ' Pethi pethi min terribmenty al - Hul - Veth . '
Suddenly Hul - Veth was transformed into a prism of butter , which quickly melted away .
The people fell on their hands and knees , praying and crying .
Tarvu was never challenged again , and Hulvethism was over ( although there are still a few hundred Hulvethians around today - mainly in South West China ) .
Tarvu 's victory over Hulvethism meant that Tarvuism was the prevalent religion once more , and by a huge margin ( of the minor cults and religions that existed , the only one worth any mention was Andyism which numbered fewer than twenty members ) .
Tarvu organised a meeting of his followers , the largest one thus far , which was more akin to a modern political rally than a ramshackle gathering .
People were issued with banners replete with Tarvuist slogans ( ” Be Nice ” , ” Hebbo ] to One and All ” , etc. ) and the crowd greeted Tarvu with frenzied enthusiasm when he was introduced by Amzamiviram .
After the crowd had calmed , which took more than forty - five minutes , he announced that ” … on this day , which incidentally is the 99th wedding anniversary of Oobu and Ootati , and to whom I offer my most sincere congratulations , I hereby announce that I have appointed , from my legion of supporters , seven Dissiples or Apoffles who have been chosen for their exceptional qualities in various fields .
They shall work closely with me and Amzamiviram and assist us at the very highest levels of our sacred organisation . ”
Tarvu then beckoned onstage , to a torrent of applause ; * Cassoulian , a blind businessman of Baalb , and later ghost ; * Sempremador , novelist and restaurant critic ; * Oqaboq , an unemployed pig-carrier who had extremely detailed and surreal dreams ; * Torvakian , an adventurer and rogue ; * Sobby , a half - octopus , half - human beggar and wretch , * Bellih , son of Tellih ; and * MdFitty , nephew of Helr - Timlosium - MdFitty Taylu
Tarvu knew that his time on Earth was nearly up .
He had helped spread the one true religion , and peace reigned in most of the regions of the world , thanks to his simple philosophy of ' Be Nice ' .
His work was almost done .
But there still remained one last thing to do …
Returning to Amzamiviram 's humble cave , Tarvu set about dictating his opus , the grand book of Tarvuism - the Tarvunty .
Working day and night for three years , without rest or bathing , Tarvu and his loyal proffet set out the central tenets of the religion , the rituals and practices , dietary laws , laws of marriage and of lovemaking , the story of Tarvu 's life , details on the Proffets of Tarvuism , and information on other great men and women of Tarvuism .
There is also quite a lengthy treatise on irrigation systems , which came attached in the form of a very early ' fold - out ' section .
When the book was finished , Tarvu called one last great meeting at his chabernackle , and presented the book to the people of Tarvunia .
The congregation kissed every page of the book , and swore to live by it .
In the comments of an earlier post was this request from Ross Sharp .
I ’d like to think that we at Pure Poison are nothing , if not receptive to the needs of our readers , as such I ’d like to present for you , Pure Poison ’s Wingnut Bingo .
The rules of the game are simple , Firstly , download the [ … ]
In the comments of an earlier post was this request from Ross Sharp .
I ’d like to think that we at Pure Poison are nothing , if not receptive to the needs of our readers , as such I ’d like to present for you , Pure Poison ’s Wingnut Bingo .
The rules of the game are simple , Firstly , download the custom made , fully randomised set of Pure Poison Wingnut Bingo cards and distribute them amongst your friends members of your lefty commune .
Each one of the subjects in the bingo card boxes are designed to get any right - minded person frothing at the mouth with outrage .
Secondly , each player needs to select an article from a different trollumnist .
Luckily , each major news outlet in Australia seems to publish at least one of these creatures a couple of times a week , so players should have no trouble finding a suitable article .
When the convenor of the game says ‘ Go ’ , every player begins reading their article , crossing off the terms found on their bingo card as they go .
The first player to get five crosses in a row , in any direction and yell out ‘ What is it with the Left and being humourless ? ’ is declared the winner .
For a variation on this game , have each player listen to a talk radio station from a major metropolitan market between 7 am and midday and upon getting five crosses text or tweet “ Why wo n’t the government do anything about it ? ” to all of the other players .
When a winner is declared in either form of the game , players should take a moment to reflect on the fact that a wingnut somewhere has been whipped into a frenzy of fear and loathing , and has possibly had their brain explode with rage , in the time it took for you to play the game .
Also worth reflecting on is the fact that this game can be played so easily , that these same themes are repeated so broadly and so frequently within our apparently left wing media .
Alternatively , if any of you are considering starting careers as opinion page writers you can use these bingo cards as a handy template to assist you in deciding who to demonise .
It seems to be a working formula for plenty of the opinionistas in work today , mock outrage , feigned indignation and someone to blame .
If it was n’t such an indictment of our traditional media , the trollumnists ’ formulaic drivel would be hilarious .
Download your wingnut bingo cards here .
( Visited 37 times , 1 visits today )
The UN Secretary General has said families in Gaza are living in " unacceptable , unsustainable conditions " under the Israeli blockade .
Ban Ki-moon was speaking during a visit to an area damaged by Israel 's offensive 14 months ago .
The UN has not been able to help with the rebuilding of such areas because of the blockade , but Mr Ban said the organisation still stood with Gazans .
Jon Donnison reports .
Both here and at Crooked Timber , libertarianism is getting a bit of a run .
So , can anyone find me a copy of Hayek ’s prescient 1944 book , The Road to Serfdom , which predicted that the policies of the British Labour Party ( policies that were implemented after the 1945 election ) would result in relatively poor economic performance , and would eventually be modified or abandoned , a claim vindicated by the triumph of Thatcherism in the 1980s ?
This book , and its predictive success , seem to play an important role in libertarian thinking .
Despite a diligent search , the only thing I can find is a book of the same title , also written by an FA von Hayek in 1944 .
This Road to Serfdom predicts that the policies of the British Labour Party , implemented after the 1945 election , would lead to the emergence of a totalitarian state similar to Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany , or at least to a massive reduction in political and personal freedom ( as distinct from economic freedom ) .
Obviously this prediction was totally wrong .
Democracy survived Labor ’s nationalizations , and personal freedom expanded substantially .
Even a defensible version of the argument ( say , a claim that , Labor ’s ultimate program included elements that could not be realised without anti-democratic forms of coercion , and that would have to be dropped if these bad outcomes were to be avoided ) could only be regarded as raising a hypothetical , but unrealised , cause for concern ..
Presumably , this is n’t the book the libertarians have read , so I assume there must exist another of the same title .
The lead singer from the band NOFX is under fire for giving out free shots of Patron during a recent show -- shots that appeared to have been watered down ... with the punk rocker 's urine .
Play video content
The guy accused of pissing everybody off -- Fat Mike -- put on a solo performance as his alter - ego " Cokie the Clown " at last week 's South by Southwest festival in Austin ... covered by punk news website DyingScene.com .
Mike began the show by passing out the shots to fans and even downed a couple himself .
But after a bizarre half hour in which Mike described his friend hanging himself , smothering his dying mother to death and milking a fan , Mike decided to show the crowd a very , very disturbing video .
The video appears to begin just moments before Mike took the stage and shows the singer urinating into a bottle of tequila ... and then serving it to the audience .
The video did not appear edited .
So far , cops are not investigating the situation , but when we called the Austin Health Department to ask if they had taken any action , they told us they were unaware of the incident ... but would be looking into it .
Last week the readers of io9 asked their most nagging questions about physics to a real - live physicist .
The first question : What is the Universe expanding into ?
Advertisement
You responded to my call for questions in droves .
There were over 350 comments to the post , and at least a hundred unique questions .
For a few , I could n't wait to answer .
With others , I waited in vain for closure , including the reader asked me out , and another who apparently has a theory for interstellar travel that he 's been working on for 20 years , but after being burned by physicists before was unwilling to provide any details .
Advertisement
Lots of you wanted to know what would happen if you were driving at speed of light and turn on your headlights , and I 'd be remiss if I did n't shamelessly mention that my new book answers many of the questions .
Chapter 1 , in fact , is entitled , " What happens if I 'm traveling at the speed of light and I try to look at myself in the mirror ? " but this being the Internet , you want your content for free .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Over the next several days , I 'll be answering the best and the weirdest , and what the hell , if you 're the asker and you send me an email , we 'll send you a free book !
Today 's question comes from PVIII ( and others , but PVIII asked first ) :
Ok , so I 've always had this question , and I know it 's very , very dumb :
So the universe is redshifting ( or is blueshifting , I always forget ) , but either way it 's either expanding or contracting from the big bang .
That being said , what is it expanding INTO or FROM if it's the freakin ' universe !
If it 's not endless , where is the end ?!?
How is there an end to the universe !
My mind just exploded .
Advertisement
I get this question a lot , and with good reason .
You 've seen a Science Channel special in which a dapper ( presumably British ) cosmologist talks knowingly about how the universe is expanding as though it 's the most natural thing in the world .
But to someone not trained in general relativity , it can be hard to grok what the expanding universe really means .
This sort of question comes up so often , in fact , that it ( or a variant of it ) is the title of Chapter 5 in my book , and was the first question , chronologically , that my co-author , Jeff Blomquist , and I knew we had to answer .
Advertisement
So first , a few things about what the expansion of the universe is n't .
1 . You are not currently expanding .
Neither is the earth .
Nor the solar system .
Nor the Milky Way Galaxy .
The expanding universe is due to gravity , which means that in regions of high density , the dominant gravitational effects are entirely local .
As a case in point , not all galaxies are moving away from the Milky Way .
Our nearest neighbor , Andromeda , is actually hurtling toward us at around 80 miles per second , and will collide with us in a few billion years .
Advertisement
2 . Do n't believe the metaphors .
In every science special worth its salt , you 'll see some image of a balloon being inflated .
" This is just like the universe ! " the dapper British cosmologist will say .
But you , being clever , will note that there really is something outside the balloon universe , and that the 2 - dimensional surface of the balloon is inflating into a 3 - dimensional studio .
But our universe only has 3 - dimensions . *
3 . The universe does n't have a center or an edge .
We 're not actually sure whether the universe is infinitely large , or merely very , very big , but in even supposing it is , that just means that if you traveled far enough in one direction , you 'd eventually return to where you started .
Think Pac - Man , but without the ghosts or fruit .
Practically speaking , though , the speed of the expansion ( and the size of the universe ) .
As for the center , that 's where the balloon analogy is actually pretty helpful .
Sure , it seems like all of the galaxies are moving away from us , but from their own perspective , every galaxy appears to be at the center of the universe .
I assure you that it 's just an illusion .
Advertisement
So what is the universe really expanding into ?
Nothing .
There is no cosmic storage locker just waiting to be filled up with stuff .
But in order to understand why , let 's see what general relativity has to say about space - time .
In GR ( as the pros say ) , the most important property of space ( and time ) is the distance ( and time interval ) between two points .
In fact , the distance measure defines space entirely .
The evolution of the distance scale is governed by the amount of matter and energy in the universe , and as time passes , the scale increases and the distance between galaxies increases .
But , and here 's the weird part , it does so without the galaxies actually moving .
Advertisement
I know your intuition breaks down at this point .
Mine does , too , but that does n't prevent us from exploring some of the weird implications of all of this .
For one thing , you 've probably been told that galaxies are flying away from us .
They 're not .
This is one of those realities that are usually swept under the rug because science channel producers do n't have the same faith in you that I do .
Advertisement
" But wait ! " one of the more scientifically astute among you will say , " We measure the Doppler shifts of distant galaxies . "
This is the so - called " redshift " that PVIII referred to in his question , and here on earth , a Doppler shift , like with an ambulance siren , is a sure sign of motion .
But that 's not what 's happening on cosmological scales .
What 's really going on is that the scale of space increases from the time that the light was emitted at the distant galaxy to the time that it reaches your eye .
As space expands , so do the wavelengths of the photons , and as wavelengths increase , they appear redder .
This picture of the universe even helps you to understand another popular question : " Is the Universe expanding faster than light ? "
It 's absolutely true that the most distant galaxies are increasing their distance from us at faster than the speed of light , but so what ?
The galaxies are n't moving faster than light ( they 're sitting still ) , and more importantly , the fast expansion does n't actually help you do anything .
For example , you could n't use it to send a care package – or any information – to a distant galaxy faster than a light signal , which means that the speed of light is still the universal speed limit .
Advertisement
I 've described the rock - solid ( or at least relativity - solid ) consensus view of how cosmological expansion works , but I 'll finish with something we do n't currently understand .
Everything I 've described above works perfectly fine if you have already have space to stretch .
But what happened at the very beginning to create space out of literally nothing ?
Physics does n't have an answer for that yet , I 'm afraid , and we 'll presumably have to wait ( at least ) until a theory of quantum gravity comes along before we have one .
* I know that at least one person is going to write in the comments section about string theory and how the universe might really be 10 dimensional .
You win a gold star .
Still , a )
We do n't need string theory to understand the expanding universe .
Ordinary general relativity works just fine , and b)
There is a heck of a lot more evidence ( i.e. some ) that GR is right than string theory is .
Advertisement
Top image : The Whirlpool Galaxy , from the Hubble Space Telescope .
Dave Goldberg is the author , with Jeff Blomquist , of " A User 's Guide to the Universe : Surviving the Perils of Black Holes , Time Paradoxes , and Quantum Uncertainty . " ( Wiley : 2010 ) .
He is an associate professor of Physics at Drexel University .
Most recently , he wrote " An Open Letter to the Writers and Directors of Hot Tub Time Machine " in io9 .
Advertisement
CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico ( Reuters ) - Gunmen in the drug war - plagued Mexican city of Ciudad Juarez killed two Americans and a Mexican linked to the local U.S. consulate , an attack U.S. President Barack Obama said “ outraged ” him .
An American woman working at the consulate in Ciudad Juarez , just over the border from El Paso , Texas , and her U.S. husband were fatally shot by suspected drug gang hitmen in broad daylight on Saturday as they left a consulate social event , U.S. and Mexican officials told Reuters .
A Mexican man married to another consulate employee was killed around the same time in another part of the city after he and his wife left the same event , a U.S. official said .
The U.S. official , who asked not to be identified , said it was not clear if the victims had been specifically targeted , and the motive for the attacks was unknown .
Bloodshed has exploded in recent months in Ciudad Juarez as the head of the Juarez cartel , Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , fights off a bloody offensive by Mexico ’s No. 1 fugitive drug lord , Joaquin “ Shorty ” Guzman , at the worst hotspot of Mexico ’s three - year - old drug war .
“ The president is deeply saddened and outraged by the news , ” said White House National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer .
He said Obama “ shares in the outrage of the Mexican people at the murders of thousands in Ciudad Juarez and elsewhere in Mexico . ”
The U.S. State Department updated its warning on travel to Mexico to say it had authorized the departure of dependents of U.S. government personnel from consulates in Ciudad Juarez and five other northern border cities .
The vehicle where an American couple were killed in a drive - by shooting is seen next to the bridge that connects Mexico and U.S. in the border city of Ciudad Juarez March 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Nearly 19,000 people have been killed since President Felipe Calderon came to power in Mexico in late 2006 and launched a military assault on the country ’s powerful drug cartels , sparking a surge in violence that has alarmed Washington , foreign investors and tourists .
Most victims are rival traffickers and police , and to a lesser extent soldiers , local officials and bystanders .
It is rare for drug gang hitmen to target foreigners .
“ The Mexican authorities are determined to clarify what happened and bring those responsible to justice , ” the Mexican Foreign Ministry said of Saturday ’s attacks .
CHILDREN SURVIVE SHOOTING
The attack on the U.S. couple began with a car chase and ended in front of the main border crossing into El Paso , an area heavily patrolled by soldiers , local newspaper El Diario reported .
The couple ’s baby girl survived the attack .
The Mexican spouse was murdered in an upscale neighborhood of the city when gunmen boxed in his car with other vehicles and shot him , according to a local newspaper photographer who soon arrived at the scene .
His wife , who was following in a second car , was unhurt , but their two children were wounded .
Calderon was already scheduled to visit Ciudad Juarez on Tuesday , his third trip there in a month , as he scrambles to find a way to deal with a surge in killings that 8,000 troops and federal police on the ground have failed to curb .
The drug war has killed more than 4,600 people in the key manufacturing city in two years , and constant scenes of bullet - ridden vehicles and bodies lying in pools of blood have prompted many middle - class residents to flee .
Across Mexico , drug war violence is at its worst level ever , and many U.S. students have heeded warnings not to cross the border this year for their annual “ spring break ” vacation .
A burst of drug gang clashes killed at least 27 people -- including four who were beheaded -- this weekend in or near the Pacific resort of Acapulco , one of many popular with spring breakers .
At least 13 were killed on Saturday and at least 14 on Sunday , police said , including nine men who were killed in a shootout and a young woman shot as she drove by in a taxi .
Obama voiced his support for Calderon ’s drug war during a visit to Mexico last year , but the rising violence along the border with Mexico has become a big concern for Washington .
NASA 's Image of the Day posted a fantastic shot : the International Space Station crossing the face of the Moon :
Wow !
You can just make out the shape of the ISS .
And do n't let the relative sizes fool you : the Moon is about a thousand times farther away than the space station .
It 's a wee bit bigger .
And do n't forget that right now Discovery is docked to ISS .
Check for them in your night sky !
Image credit : Fernando Echeverria , NASA
Upgrading Engine Plugins to work with Rails 3
I 've just finished upgrading an application to run on Rails 3 , and for the most part it 's been a relatively pain free process .
I refused to use the rails upgrade plugin just so that I 'd be forced to work through the problems and experience first hand what has changed .
It turns out , not a huge amount .
The most significant change though was the need to refactor my Rails 2.3 Engine plugins to work with Rails 3 as a gem .
Creating a gem
There are countless ways to create a ruby gem these days but the problem is that they are all pretty bat - shit mental .
Kudos to James ( coincidentally the very same James Adam who created Rails Engines ) for trying to make people wake up and realise that creating a gem really is n't that hard .
If you 've already got experience in doing it some way or another you can skip this bit , otherwise follow along and discover how simple it is to roll one by hand .
First you need to create yourself a gemspec file , place it in the root directory of your engine :
# my_rails_engine.gemspec Gem :: Specification.new do |s| s.version = ' 0.0.1 ' s.name = " my_rails_engine " s.files = Dir [ " lib/**/* " , " app /**/* " , " config /**/* " ] s.summary = " A summary about my engine " s.description =
" Some more details about what my engine will do " s.email = " glenn@rubypond.com " s.homepage = " http://rubypond.com " s.authors = [ " Glenn Gillen " ] s.test_files = [ ] s.require_paths = [ " . " , " lib " ] s.has_rdoc = ' false ' if s.respond_to ?
:specification_version then current_version = Gem :: Specification :: CURRENT_SPECIFICATION_VERSION s.specification_version = 2 if Gem:: Version.new ( Gem::RubyGemsVersion ) >= Gem::Version.new ( ' 1.2.0 ' ) then s.add_runtime_dependency (' another_gem_here ' , '>= 0.4 ' ) else s.add_dependency (' another_gem_here ' , '>= 0.4 ' ) end else s.add_dependency (' another_gem_here ' , '>= 0.4 ' ) end end
Most of the fields are relatively self explanatory .
The if s.respond_to ?
block could potentially be removed .
It 's there to add in dependencies in a way that will work with various versions of rubygems , but given this is a Rails 3 Engine , which requires Bundler , which is in turns dependent on rubygems 1.3.6 + then you could assume you 've at least got that and only specify dependencies using add_runtime_dependency .
Next up , create a Rakefile in the same directory to help package up the gem for you :
# Rakefile require ' rubygems ' require ' rake ' require ' rake/gempackagetask ' spec = nil File.open('my_rails_engine.gemspec ' , 'r ' ) {|f| spec = eval ( f.read ) } Rake ::GemPackageTask.new ( spec ) do |pkg| pkg.need_zip = false pkg.need_tar = false end
Now from the command line you can type :
rake gem
And congratulations !
You just created your first gem ( it's in pkg/ my_rails_engine -*.gem ) without the need to download all sorts of generators or other packages .
It was n't that hard was it ?
Migrating a Rails 2.3 Engines Plugin to a Rails 3 Engines Gem
I 'll admit right now that I 've not dug too deep into the internals of Rails 3 or the new engines / railtie setup yet .
But to me they 're already feeling a lot more like merb slices and django apps than just a plugin .
They 're basically a rails application in their own right , complete with routes , initializers , locales , and the models / views / controllers that you 'd expect .
That also means they carry many of the same expectations in terms of directory layout and the existence of certain files .
There 's a number of initializers that need to be available for the Railtie / Engine to load , so I simply created a new Rails 3 project elsewhere and copied the relevant files over .
rails my_new_rails3_app cp -r my_new_rails3_app/config/initializers my_rails_engine/config
If you have any routes in your engine , it 's worth updating those too .
They need to live in the / config / routes.rb file within you engine and should be amended to use the new syntax for defining them ( read the comments in routes.rb in the my_new_rails3_app we made before to see examples ) .
And finally , we need to remove the existing init.rb file as it's no longer used .
Instead create /lib/my_rails_engine.rb with something like the following :
require " rails " module MyRailsEngine class Engine < Rails : : Engine engine_name : my_rails_engine end end
For some reason the best documentation I can find at present on configuring your engine appears to live in this gist .
To summarise the most important bit , you can override the path to various options like so :
class MyRailsEngine < Rails :: Engine paths.app = " app " paths.app.controllers = " app/controllers " paths.app.helpers = " app/helpers " paths.app.models = " app/ models " paths.app.metals = " app/metal " paths.app.views = " app/views " paths.lib = " lib " paths.lib.tasks = " lib / tasks " paths.config = " config " paths.config.initializers = " config/initializers " paths.config.locales = " config/locales " paths.config.routes = " config/routes.rb "
end
Installing your Rails Engine within your Rails App
Now that we 've got our Engine refactored into a gem , it 's time to get it working within our app .
First thing , it 's no longer a plugin so if you 've left it in it 's previous location ( / vendor / plugins ) you need to move it out .
You could of course run rake gem as we did early , then gem install it onto your system , and finally include it with Bundler with a line like the following in your Gemfile :
gem " my_rails_engine "
Alternatively , and probably useful at least during development , you can specify the path to the gem within your bundle like so :
gem " my_rails_engine " , : path => " lib/my_rails_engine "
And you 're done .
Start your app up , and start debugging any other problems you might have .
I know for my engine I had to update both HAML and Devise to be the latest pre-releases , so it would be worth checking if you need to do the same .
OTTAWA–Prime Minister Stephen Harper is turning to YouTube to respond to last week 's throne speech in a bid to get his message out to Canadians " unfiltered " by the national media .
" Social media is changing the way Canadians interact with politicians , " the Prime Minister 's Office said in a statement Wednesday .
" It allows Canadians to have unfiltered and immediate access to information .
Livestreaming complements our government 's current use of social media . "
Harper 's response to the throne speech will be livestreamed Thursday to the popular video - sharing website , where he will be going head to head with thousands of videos , showing everything from brides falling into pools to bloopers uttered by former U.S. president George W. Bush .
" Canadians , especially younger Canadians , are no longer getting their news from just television , radio and print media .
They are turning to new media in increasing numbers , " the PMO said .
One analyst noted that politicians have often looked for ways to go around the national media .
" People are trying lots of new ideas and new technologies but to me this does n't sound like a winner , " said Christopher Waddell , associate professor and director of the Carleton school of journalism .
Harper will follow up his viral performance with another YouTube appearance Tuesday at 7 p.m. where he will answer questions from viewers .
The questions must be submitted by Sunday at 1 p.m .
The throne speech was delivered a day before the Harper government tabled its federal budget .
The House of Commons voted in principle Wednesday to support the federal budget 142-132 .
All three opposition parties opposed the motion , but the Liberals made sure enough of their MPs stayed away to avoid toppling the minority Conservative government .
Read related article : Raitt finds lots to tweet about during question period
Read more about :
Just now on CNN , the hosts will reading recent viewer e-mails about health care reform .
Among them was an e-mail attacking the new law .
If health care reform is so good , the writer wanted to know , why are politicians exempting themselves from it ?
I 've heard critics of the bill , from Republican senators to random internet writers , say this many times .
And it 's frustrating , because it 's not true .
As I 've written previously , under the new law , members of Congress and their staffs must enroll in the new insurance exchanges .
Those are the exact same exchanges through which millions of other individuals will be buying their coverage .
The law did n't originally read that way .
In the first draft , lawmakers and their staffs got to keep their present employer - sponsored insurance , just like most Americans will .
Republicans introduced amendments that would require the members and staff to enroll in the exchanges , presumably in an effort to make them look bad .
They assumed that no representative or Senator would voluntarily relinquish the coverage they get from the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan .
But the Democrats did just that .
The major difference between insect blood and the blood of vertebrates , including humans , is that vertebrate blood contains red blood cells .
Insects and other invertebrates , on the other hand , have what is called hemolympha heterogeneous fluid that courses through their bodies , bathing all the internal tissues .
Hemolymph is mostly water , but it also contains ions , carbohydrates , lipids , glycerol , amino acids , hormones , some cells and pigments .
The pigments , however , are usually rather bland , and thus insect blood is clear or tinged with yellow or green .
( The red color that you see upon squashing a housefly or fruit fly is actually pigment from the animal 's eyes . )
Unlike the closed circulatory system found in vertebrates , insects have an open system lacking arteries and veins .
The hemolymph thus flows freely throughout their bodies , lubricating tissues and transporting nutrients and wastes .
Whereas the vertebrate circulatory system serves primarily to carry oxygen throughout the body , insects respire an entirely different waynamely , through tracheal tubes .
In the case of the fruit fly Drosophila , for example , a series of tiny openings called spiracles line the impermeable outer skin of the fly , and these convey air directly to tracheal tubes that , in turn , convey air to the internal tissues .
Insects do have hearts that pump the hemolymph throughout their circulatory systems .
Though these hearts are quite different from vertebrate hearts , some of the genes that direct heart development in the two groups are in fact very similar .
The development and evolution of the vertebrate heart is currently the subject of much research .
A replica of the Eye of Sauron from the Lord of the Ring series hung from beams on the McFarland Memorial Bell Tower early Sunday Morning .
Those responsible with positioning the Lord of the Ring ’s Eye of Sauron replica on the McFarland Memorial Bell Tower remain unknown , said Skip Frost , acting Assistant Chief of University Police .
“ Apparently some big Lord of the Ring fans hoisted it up there , ” said Frost .
“ It ’s actually pretty cute . ”
No damage was done to the tower itself .
‘ Sauron ’ is the name of the principal antagonist in The Lord of the Rings series .
Frost reports that construction crews dismantled the eye around 10:30 a.m. Monday .
“ We ’re taking advantage of our patrol resources and watching over the area , ” said Frost .
“ Someone getting the eye up there is a dangerous task , and we ’re always making sure that students are in safe hands .
It ’s a construction area , and our main goal is to make this campus secure . ”
Plugins help make the development and design of sites easier and more fun .
Here are 12 of my favorite plugins that I believe should be installed on every Wordpress blog .
If you ’re in the business of launching and running websites and you ’re platform of choice is WordPress , you ’re no doubt aware of the thousands of plugins available .
This myriad of plugins offer solutions for improving your blog ’s performance , adding features that would be hard to self - code , and ensuring your blog is visible and user - friendly .
However , it can be easy to bloat your website or blog with too many plugins .
I try and limit my plugins those that add practical value .
With that said , here are 12 essential plugins that I believe every WordPress blog should have .
This one comes default in many WordPress installations probably because it ’s value is unmatched .
Put simply it ’s the one - stop spam - stop shop .
It does a great job at eliminating spammy comments and helps keep your blog squeaky clean so you do n’t ever have to worry about spam again .
What good is blogging if nobody can find your work .
This handy plugin is the most complete SEO plugin available .
Among other things , it generates META tags automatically , creates search - engine friendly URLS and assists in highly customizable SEO campaigns .
Contact Form 7 can manage multiple contact forms , plus you can customize the form and the mail contents flexibly with simple markup .
The form supports Ajax - powered submitting , CAPTCHA , Akismet spam filtering and so on .
You wo n’t miss Contact Forms 1 through 6 .
Another handy tool to assist in search - engine optimization .
This plugin creates a custom XML sitemap of your site and submits it automatically to search engines .
This allows for the search engine crawlers easier access to your content which means more visibility on the valuable Google search results pages .
Help keep your loyal commentors informed with this handy plugin .
When enabled , it will allow readers to subscribe to comments via email notifications .
This is great for bloggers who are interested in lengthy debates that rage on through the comments section .
Backup is essential for any and all websites .
This plugin makes backing up your WordPress quick and easy .
You can setup routine backups and have them emailed to yourself for safe - keeping .
If you ’re not using this or a similar backup solution , you ’re asking for trouble .
This simple plugin installs a widget that can be placed on your sidebar or other widget - ready area to display the most popular posts on your blog .
Use this is a means of keeping readers on your site and interested in what ’s popular .
Simply adds a more advanced and elegant page solution for your blog .
Make your page numbers attractive with this minimal plugin .
If you ’re like me , you can become quickly obsessed with tracking analytics and statistics on your blog .
This plugin allows you to quickly and easily integrate Google Analytics , a free and useful tool for tracking your visitors , within your WordPress template .
When a reader reaches the bottom of the article , help retain their clicks by providing other articles on similar topics .
This plugin presents all related posts based on a very useful and adaptable algorithm that works great out of the box .
If you ’re in the process of upgrading your theme , this plugin is truly essential .
It allows for administrators to switch to an alternate theme for viewing without the general readership being affected .
So build and preview your new template while your current design stays untouched .
I used this extensively on the redesign of my site a few months ago .
Finally a catch - all plugin that puts a handy tool in your widget arsenal .
The advanced text widget allows you to include any type of content ( including HTML and PHP ) in a sidebar widget .
I use this for simple blocks information but it ’s uses are limitless .
When nothing else meets your widget needs , drop it in and code away .
Let Me Hear Your Favorites
These are only a dozen of the many plugins that I use on this site .
I ’m always on the lookout for new and better plugins to make my job easier .¬†
What essential plugins could you not live without ?
Do you have any tips or tricks for any of these plugins I ’ve mentioned ?
What are your favorite plugins ?
Leave me a few suggestions in the comment sections below .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Chinese army recruit somehow managed to escape unhurt after throwing a badly aimed grenade .
The grenade hit a wall , ricocheting back to explode in the recruit 's training bunker .
Nobody was hurt .
this would be a great pilot for a scarily - ironic tv show , called “ twilight zone for balls ”
each week for one half - hour ( and in later seasons , a full hour ) , you are threatened by commonplace objects and events conspiring to destroy your private area
i ’m sorry
also check it out , guys : this week is the emerald city comicon and not only will i be there , but this friday night my podcast tweet me harder will be performed live , for free , at arcane comics in west seattle .
here ’s the lowdown , come out , meet topatoco cartoonists and get hammered (? )
I know she just says these things to get attention like any other spoiled brat , but like every other spoiled brat , Ann Coulter occasionally needs a good spanking .
I ’m sure she enjoys a good spanking more than your average spoiled brat , but that ’s a subject for another day .
Anyhoo ,
Ann was set to give a speech at the University of Ottawa .
And the protests were so harsh that they cancelled the whole gig .
Ann was predictably annoyed :
“ The University of Ottawa is really easy to get into , is n’t it ? ” she said in an interview after the cancelled event .
“ I never get any trouble at the Ivy League schools .
It ’s always the bush league schools . ”
Now , I ’m sure I ’d be mad , too , if I were her .
( Or would I ?
She still got paid , I ’m certain , and did so without having to do any actual work at all .
Is n’t that pretty much the definition of a good day for an arch - conservative ? )
But “ bush league ” ?
Really ?
The U of Ottawa ?
Here in the US a lot of folks “ think ” all kinds of bad things about our neighbors to the north , and most of these bad things they “ think ” tell us a great deal more about the person doing the “ thinking ” than they do about Canada .
In this case , it ’s easy enough for Ann to disparage uOttawa because Americans do n’t know a lot about Canadian schools .
We may occasionally hear somebody mention the University of Toronto or McGill or Carleton or Dalhousie , but since they do n’t have good football programs ( not real football , anyway ) it ’s hard to take them seriously .
So I thought I ’d take a minute to point out that the U of O is actually a pretty darned good college , their distaste for Ms. Coulter notwithstanding .
Ann ought to recognize and respect this , too , since she herself is the product of a couple of very fine universities – Cornell and Michigan .
So , a few factoids to consider :
U of Zero ( as its affectionately known ) was founded in 1848 .
That ’s older than Cornell , by the way .
It ’s been offering doctorates since 1888 .
U of O is ninth in research funding in Canada .
Ottawa is ranked among the top 200 universities in the world on multiple criteria by multiple ratings systems .
Auspicious uO alums include :
Samantha Bee of The Daily Show
a metric buttload of entrepreneurs and business leaders
Peter Jennings
at least five current and former Canadian Supreme Court justices ( including one chief justice )
Daniel Lamarre , president and chief operating officer of Cirque du Soleil
Paul Martin , former Prime Minister of Canada
Alex Trebek
several senior - level current and former government officials , including multiple prime ministers and premiers
more renowned artists , performers , photographers , writers and playwrights than you can shake a stick at
many current and former professional and Olympic athletes
Louise Arbour , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and former Supreme Court Justice
Walter Douglas Boyd , world - renowned cardiothoracic surgeon
Michael A. Chambers , President of the Canadian Olympic Committee
Jeanette Jenkins , Hollywood fitness trainer , official spokeswoman for BET ’s Television Foundation “ A Healthy BET Campaign ”
Wilbert Joseph Keon , cardiovascular surgeon , first Canadian to implant an artificial heart in a human
Carol Shields , Pulitzer Prize winning writer
Dafydd Williams , Canadian astronaut
Not only that , but uO also features several faculty members from Ann ’s own alma mater , including :
There are more , but you get this idea .
Now , this has to be a little embarrassing for Coulter , but it gets worse .
Somehow , a number of those dirty socialist pinkos have slithered across the border and infiltrated Cornell .
For instance :
The two schools ’ researchers collaborate with each other , as well .
And if you snoop around a bit , you can find a lot of other really smart people who at one point or another passed through the hallowed halls of both Cornell and uOttawa .
Ye shall know them by the company they keep , I suppose .
I wo n’t pretend to claim that a public school from a nation a tenth the size of the US boasts as illustrious a record as Cornell , an Ivy Leaguer that ’s without question one of the crown jewels of the American university system .
But the objective record does n’t support any “ bush league ” nonsense , either ; on the contrary – my guess is that it ’s not hard to find a good deal of respect for Ottawa around the Cornell campus .
Once again , then , Ann Coulter has embarrassed her alma mater .
Of course , if I ’d gone there I ’d be embarrassed every day she was alive , and if those who do hold Cornell degrees were to band together and demand that her Bachelors be rescinded , I ’d certainly understand .
In the end , I can think of few things that speak more highly of the intellect and character of the University of Ottawa than the fact that its people decided Ann Coulter ’s style of hatemongering would not be tolerated on its campus .
Would that America had more bush league universities like that .
Apple 's new iPhone 4.0 SDK license now blocks cross-compiled third party apps , such as those built from Flash CS5 .
Rather than being just a competitive blow directed at Adobe however , it appears the real motivation is to support sophisticated new multitasking features in the new operating system .
Reports of the change in Apple 's 4.0 license trickled in from a variety of sources , many of them either glad Apple was taking a tough new stance against " Flash shovelware " or alternatively upset that the company was limiting developers to its own development tools and languages .
But if Apple were simply trying to block Adobe from cross-compiling Flash to create iPhone apps , it could have added the changed text to its existing license agreement and spoiled Adobe 's CS5 party immediately , rather than just threatening change that appears fated to kick in when Apple delivers iPhone 4.0 in June .
The primary reason for the change , say sources familiar with Apple 's plans , is to support sophisticated new multitasking APIs in iPhone 4.0 .
The system will now be evaluating apps as they run in order to implement smart multitasking .
It ca n't do this if apps are running within a runtime or are cross compiled with a foreign structure that does n't behave identically to a native C/C++/ Obj -C app .
" [ The operating system ] can't swap out resources , it can't pause some threads while allowing others to run , it can't selectively notify , etc .
Apple needs full access to a properly - compiled app to do the pull off the tricks they are with this new OS , " wrote one reader under the name Ktappe .
Multitasking in iPhone 4.0
Apple debuted a series of seven multitasking APIs to enable developers to optimize their apps to run on the new iPhone 4.0 , only taking advantage of the resources they actually need .
For example , Fast Switching allows running apps to be effectively frozen in the background so that they do n't consume any extra overhead at all .
If the user is playing a game and switches to a phone call , there 's no need for the game to actually continue playing in the background , and this would usually be undesirable anyway .
On the other hand , Apple also demonstrated APIs that enable background apps to keep working on a necessary job under the name Task Completion .
This enables apps that truly need to finish working to do so without making that the default behavior for all apps on the system .
Other new services , such as Background Audio , Voice over IP and Background Location , enable apps to take advantage of special APIs to deliver a particular service they want to offer in the background , leveraging operating system support to do so as efficiently as possible .
Push Notifications and Local Notifications allow apps to go to sleep and leave the operating system on the hook for listening for updates or setting reminders .
Multitasking on other platforms
Other platforms have enabled multitasking by simply allowing any number of apps to run .
This results in a mess for users because it's up to them to manage which apps are running out of control or needlessly chewing up resources in the background .
Android and Windows Mobile are both notorious for needing TasKiller or some other sort of manual process manager to keep battery life and performance in check .
Microsoft 's solution to the mess on Windows Mobile was to start over with Windows Phone 7 this winter , which removes multitasking and attempts to save state for each app it puts on hold .
But Microsoft has n't outlined how it plans to deliver the multitasking features users will expect on its new platform in the way Apple demonstrated for iPhone 4.0 this summer .
Already , at least two influential companies have showered their praise on Hatch and Gillibrand 's new proposal : Both MasterCard and Microsoft described the legislation as essential in statements the two lawmakers included in their release announcing the bill .
Hatch , too , stressed the bill 's importance Tuesday , noting the prospective law could cut down on online crimes and save the United States and its businesses billions every year .
“ Cybercrime is a serious threat to the security of the global economy , which is why we need to coordinate our fight worldwide .
Until countries begin to take the necessary steps to fight criminals within their borders , cybercrime havens will continue to flourish , ” Hatch said .
“ We do n’t have the luxury to sit back and do nothing .
I believe the International Cybercrime Reporting and Cooperation
Act will not only function as a deterrent of cybercrime , but will prove to be an essential tool necessary to keep the Internet open for business , ” he said .
Israel submitted its formal response
last month to a U.N. - commissioned probe that accused both Israel and
Hamas of war crimes during last winter 's war in the Gaza Strip .
Israel
defended its conduct and pledged to fully investigate the U.N .
allegations , but stopped short of a U.N. demand to appoint an
independent commission to probe its army 's conduct .
The U.N. must now decide how to proceed .
But Israel is focusing on the broader international opinion of the Jewish state .
" Public
perception today in the global economy and in the world as it is today
is not less strategic than having any other military strategic weapon .
Public perception is almost as important as existence , " says Lior
Chorev , one of Israel 's top public relations experts .
The Punch Line
There
is a common joke that , some say , reflects Israel 's global image abroad .
But this time , it is an Israeli official delivering it .
Three
Israelis arrive at the Charles de Gaulle Airport in France .
They
approach the immigration officer .
He asks them , " Nationality ? "
They
say , " Israeli . "
He then turns to them and says , " Occupation ? "
They look
at each other and say , " No thank you .
We 're only here for three days . "
Ido
Aharoni is head of the brand management division at the Israeli Foreign
Ministry .
It 's his job to generate an image of Israel that does n't
include words like " occupation " or " conflict . "
At a session of the Herzliya Conference ,
a yearly gathering of Israel 's top brass on security and economic
issues , Aharoni's talk on Israel 's image abroad drew hundreds .
There is a timeliness to the session : Israel had just submitted to the
U.N. its defense of last year 's offensive in Gaza , which was heavily
criticized in the so - called Goldstone Report .
Both
Israel and Hamas have rejected the report 's findings that they had each
committed war crimes during the 22 - day conflict and should form
independent committees of inquiries into their actions .
' Goldstone Effect '
But
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned of the " Goldstone
effect , " whereby the U.N. 's report creates a ripple that furthers
negative images of Israel .
There has been debate over how Israel
handled the Goldstone report .
The government initially refused to
cooperate with the probe at all , Chorev says .
" I think that the
Goldstone report has managed to create an atmosphere because Israel
kept silent , " Chorev says .
" Israel did not play the PR power game with
the Goldstone report .
Israel chose to play the game of an absentee .
We
discredited the Goldstone report too late .
We were n't there to give our
side of the story .
We did not produce our own theme , and we became
apologetic .
Everybody who deals with public perception understands that
being apologetic is being mostly on the losing side . "
Is Twitter The Answer ?
There are conflicting views on what Israel should do now .
Noam Lemelshtrich , dean of communications at IDC Herzliya , the
university that hosted the conference , says Israel should be using new
media - such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube - to get its message
across to a wider audience .
" I think we are handling this very ,
very poorly , " Lemelshtrich says .
" It 's not being handled by
professionals , it 's being handled by politicians .
But fortunately , the
Internet and social networks allow the people of Israel , who are much
better than their government , to tell their stories to friendly crowds
across the world in the United States and in Europe .
So I am
optimistic , because the new social medium allows us to bypass the
government . "
But others , including public relations expert Eyal
Arad , think the message should be an organized , united voice led by
seasoned experts .
" What we need is to start a political campaign ,
the way we campaign in elections - a global political campaign , " Arad
says .
" It 's going to be tough .
It 's going to be expensive .
It needs
leadership that can take choices - that can make choices and enforce
choices .
It needs discipline . "
And with newfound support and funds , Arad says Israel is poised to tackle Goldstone on a global level .
" Our
main problem in the world today has become a legitimacy problem , " Arad
says .
" It 's not that people do not think that our policies are right .
It 's that people that question whether we should exist or continue to
exist in the first place .
We are more and more becoming the South
Africa of the 21st century . "
For now , the U.N. has deferred its
decision on Goldstone .
But in Israel , public relations firms are n't
wasting any time .
They 're already planning a new campaign , aimed at
future offensives .
They 're calling it " pre-emptive PR . "
We have an advertising relationship with the companies included on this page .
All of our content is based on objective analysis , and the opinions are our own .
For more information , please check out our full disclaimer and complete list of partners
Raising your credit score 100 points is easier than many people might think , especially if you currently have bad credit .
Keep reading for a testimonial from one of my interns , Kevin , whose method for boosting his credit score over 100 points might surprise you .
How To Improve Your Credit Score
1. Check Your Credit Score
Most people do n’t know their credit score until a time comes when they need it .
Do n’t be one of these people !
Good credit scores are your passport to competitive interest rates for mortgages , cars , credit card offers , insurance premiums , and more .
Maintaining a high credit score is worth it because it will save you from the money you ’d pay in higher interest rates .
Luckily , it ’s simple to learn your credit score .
I recommend the following companies :
Company Data Source Price Experian FICO FREE MyFICO Experian , Transunion , Equifax $ 15.95 Credit Sesame Transunion FREE Credit Karma Transunion & Equifax FREE
Learn more about each of these companies :
2. Fix Credit Problems
After you know your credit score , step two is : how can we improve it ?
The best way to improve your credit score is to review your credit report .
The score itself is not personal , every American falls within the same range .
However , the credit report , is your unique financial history .
A credit report breaks down the following by weighted importance :
Payment History ( 30 % ) Paying your credit card , student loan bills , etc. on time ?
( 30 % ) Credit Utilization ( 30 % )
The ratio between credit available to you and how much of it you use
( 30 % ) Credit Age ( 15 % )
How long have credit lines been opened ?
Mortgage , credit cards , etc .
( 15 % ) Account Mix ( 10 % ) Variety of credit lines
( 10 % ) Credit Inquiries ( 10 % )
Too many hard inquiries do n’t look good , i.e. , applying for a bunch of credit cards at once
( 10 % )
Where you get your credit report matters , which is why I strongly recommend Experian .
You ’re not only getting it directly from the source ( Experian is one of the three credit reporting companies in America ) , but it ’s free when you create an account !
3. Run Up the Score
Now it ’s time to tackle the two factors in your credit report which impact your score the most .
Payment History
Did you know that missing just ONE bill can lower your credit score by 100 points ?
Ouch .
If you ’re unable to pay your bills each month , I recommend setting up a budget .
This is your path to a higher credit score .
A budget entails writing down all expenses in a given month , and all your sources of income .
If the math does n’t work , then you know what you need to do .
Resource How It Can Help YNAB
Get ’s you on track with a Budget Try YNAB Free Tally Organize & Pay off Credit Cards Sign - up For Tally
Credit Utilization
Credit utilization refers to how much of your total credit card limit you use .
If you have a $ 10,000 line of credit with one card , you should never spend more than $ 3,000 .
If your limit is low , or if you ca n’t help but spend the whole limit , I recommend getting another credit card .
It seems counterintuitive , but the goal is to increase your credit limit , without spending more , and this will improve your credit utilization score on your credit report .
Kevin ’s Story
As a junior and senior in college , I was always told that applying for a credit card could be my first step in the wrong direction .
With a credit card in hand , my parents worried I would spend money I could n’t pay off and build a lifestyle I could n’t really afford , rather than learning to save money .
While these are legitimate concerns , I had to let them know I felt as if I had some control over my spending .
My response was always the same : “ How would I know until I was able to try for myself ? ”
What I Learned from Being Denied for Credit Cards
When I was finally prepared to get a credit card on my own , none of the banks I applied to would give me a chance .
It went like this : “ I am unemployed , have no credit history , and have a couple of thousand dollars in college debt that I will have to start paying on in the next year or two . ”
Not exactly a winning pitch to convince someone to give you a line of credit !
Two banks denied me , but one banker was kind and shared some info that has helped me raise my credit score over 100 points in the past five months .
First , I should stop trying to apply for credit cards that would get denied .
His reasoning was simple : when you apply , they do a hard credit check which , in turn , can lower your credit score even more .
His second piece of advice was to get a secured credit card .
How a Secured Credit Card Works
He told me that no major bank was going to accept my credit application , but there was actually an alternative option available – one which was especially perfect for those in my exact situation : to sign up for what is called a secured credit card .
While the terms for these are horribly one - sided in favor of the lender , I assure you it is a small price to pay for the result you receive after only a few months .
With secured credit cards , you give the lender a cash deposit up front , and that cash deposit is typically equal to your credit limit .
This process truly confused me at first , since I thought the deposit was money I could actually spend .
What I learned , however , is that the deposit is there in case I default .
I could n’t spend the deposit itself , but I would get it back if I kept my account in good standing until I closed the card .
After you make your deposit , secured cards are also treated just like traditional credit cards .
Your secured card will typically look and act just like a regular credit card , so no one will know it is secured .
There is also an annual fee associated with most secured credit cards , but I felt it was a small price to pay for the opportunity to build some credit history .
How To Maximize the Benefits of Your Secured Credit Card
When I first checked my credit score with MyFICO in March of 2011 , it was sitting at 621 .
I set up my new secured credit card with a credit limit of $ 1,100 .
The credit limit should be a function of what cash you have , and also what you plan on using the credit card for .
According to many bankers and friends I talked to , you should try to run a 75 % utilization rate on your credit card to maximize your potential to raise your credit score .
So , if you only spend around $ 300 a month , you should give your secured credit card a $ 500 down payment so that you are utilizing your credit rather than having a $ 1,000 dollar limit and only spending $ 300 .
My expenditures were approximately $ 700 dollars a month so the $ 1,100 dollar limit fit my needs .
How I Raised My Credit Score Over 100 Points
Raising my credit score with a secured card took some disciplined , conscientious spending .
Here are the rules I followed to maximize the benefits of my secured credit card .
Spend what you have :
After I received my secured card and started spending , I made sure that I would only spend money I already had or would receive , before the next pay period .
After I received my secured card and started spending , I made sure that I would only spend money I already had or would receive , before the next pay period .
Pay often : I ended up paying off my credit card roughly four times a month to ensure I never carried a balance from one month to the next .
I ended up paying off my credit card roughly four times a month to ensure I never carried a balance from one month to the next .
Know your limits : I would never let my credit limit exceed $ 800 , and I would never pay it off if the card balance was under $ 300 unless the pay period was coming to an end .
I would never let my credit limit exceed $ 800 , and I would never pay it off if the card balance was under $ 300 unless the pay period was coming to an end .
Make purchases : I would put every penny of my spending on the credit card – from the smallest expenses such as a drink from the gas station to major purchases such as airline tickets or hotel rooms .
I would put every penny of my spending on the credit card – from the smallest expenses such as a drink from the gas station to major purchases such as airline tickets or hotel rooms .
Be consistent : I repeated this process for 5 months to establish a credit history of regular use and always paying on time .
What My Improved Credit Score Allowed Me To Do
In August of 2011 , I had to purchase a car so I could switch jobs .
When I filled out the credit application to see if I qualified for lower financing rates , my credit score came back as 731 .
In other words , I raised my credit score from 621 to 731 in just five months !
This is a very big deal because , at 621 , I would have been denied a loan for the car , or would have had an interest rate that exceeded 9 % on the auto loan .
Since I chose to get a secured credit card , I was able to take the car loan on my own and qualify for the low rate of 3.99 % financing .
The difference in the loan between the two interest rates would be $ 750 over the life of the loan , far surpassing the card ’s annual fee , and the opportunity cost of my secured credit card holding my $ 1,100 for five months .
Why You Should Let Your Kids Get a Secured Credit Card
To all of the parents out there who worry about letting their college kid apply for a credit card , I can tell you it worked for me in five months and will change my financial future for many years to come .
Secured credit cards offer a foolproof way to raise your credit score when it is not possible through a regular bank credit card .
It ’s a safe way to earn credit if you do not trust your kid to spend responsibly .
The worst that can happen with a secured card is that you cannot pay your bill , your company closes out the account , and they pay off your credit with the money you already have on deposit .
My secured card worked perfectly for me and I have now been accepted for a credit card with a major bank .
How to Make a Secured Credit Card Work For You
Here ’s the truth :
If you have a low credit score and cannot qualify for traditional credit , a secured credit card is the best way to build a credit profile that will last .
Below are the steps to moving your credit score in the right direction using a secured credit card :
Step 1 . Learn Your Current Credit Score
Just as was emphasized above , knowing your credit score is key .
Any one of these places listed below will get you either your exact credit score ( if you pay ) or close enough ( the free versions ) .
Step 2 . Research secured credit cards
Getting a secured credit card is one of the best and fastest ways to improve your credit score .
Petal Visa Credit
Card is one of the only credit cards you can get without credit history or an up front deposit and the current APR is overall pretty good for a secured credit card ranging from 14.49 % – 25.49 % .
With responsible spending and on - time payments , you can grow your credit score .
Petal reports to all three major bureaus–TransUnion , Experian and Equifax .
Step 3 .
Read the terms and conditions , then sign up for the right card
Once you find a card that meets your needs , you need to read through all the fine print to make sure you understand all fees involved with your new secured card .
When you feel comfortable with the details , simply click on the “ apply now ” sign and fill out all of the required information .
Step 4 .
Put down a cash deposit you can afford
One of the reasons I love the Petal Visa Credit Card ( and no , I do n’t work for them ! ) is because they do n’t require a cash deposit .
Most secured credit cards do .
If you find a card you love that requires a cash deposit , my advice is to put down only what you can afford .
Do n’t overextend yourself .
Step 5 .
Use your secured credit card sparingly at first
As you get used to using credit , you ’ll want to use your card sparingly at first .
Do n’t rush in and begin charging items until you get a grasp on what you can truly pay back .
You do n’t want to end up with a revolving balance you ca n’t afford to pay off every month , and you definitely do n’t want to pay interest on your purchases !
Step 6 .
Monitor your bill closely , and pay your secured card off frequently
To make sure you ’re utilizing your new secured credit card , you ’ll want to keep close tabs on your growing bill .
If your card offers online account management , this task should be fairly easy .
If it does n’t , you may need to keep track of your purchases and charges manually .
Either way , this step is crucial since staying debt - free is the best way to keep your credit in tip - top shape .
In Summary : Tips To Improve Your Credit Score
Signup for Credit Karma , an easy - to - use and transparent one - stop shop : get your credit score , credit report , credit monitoring .
Download
Tally , a credit card consolidation app that makes it easy to stay on top of your credit cards .
Scan your cards and get a line of credit as well as manage payments .
Signup for Experian Boost to include your cell phone and utility payments into the calculation of your credit score .
This is huge because Experian wo n’t count missed bills , only positive history payments .
Get a Petal Visa Credit Card .
All the perks and rewards of a credit card , except no fees and catered towards improving your credit score .
The Bottom Line
While Kevin ’s story is absolutely amazing , it is n’t all that unique .
In the real world , secured credit cards are a valuable tool that can be used to build your credit when you otherwise could n’t .
Whether you like it or not , your credit score is important .
If you ever hope to take out a mortgage , borrow money for a car as Kevin did , or borrow funds to start a new business , you ’ll need a good or decent credit score to qualify for the best rates .
While imperfect , secured credit cards offer the opportunity to improve your credit and your life .
If you are ready to improve your credit and think a secured card could help , do n’t delay .
Research your options and sign up today .
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa —
The thieves knew exactly what they were looking for when they broke into the Durban Botanic Gardens on a Saturday night .
They smashed open the lock on a gate , drove past where security guards should have been patrolling and headed straight for some of the rarest varieties of cycads in the world .
They roughly but selectively dug up 20 of the most highly endangered plants of a collection of 150 , a haul worth $ 65,000 , loaded them into their vehicle and rolled out .
It was a brazen theft but not at all uncommon in South Africa , where demand from collectors at home , in the United States and Asia is behind the widespread plundering of rare cycad varieties .
Cycads are the oldest seedling plants on earth , with fossil records dating them to before the time of the dinosaurs .
During the Jurassic period they were spread across the earth , but today they are found only in diminishing numbers in certain tropical and subtropical areas of the world .
Now , in a high - tech bid to fight the cycad smugglers , scientists at the University of Johannesburg have launched a DNA barcoding project that aims to create a database of cycad species .
The project could eventually help police and customs officials to identify specimens being stolen and trafficked across borders , with the hope of deterring crimes like the one in Durban late last year .
“ They knew exactly which ones to go for , ” said Philip Rousseau , a graduate student in botany at the University of Johannesburg who started the cycad barcoding project .
“ These are sophisticated people that know what they ’re doing because these plants are worth so much . ”
Collectors will pay up to $ 10,000 for a large specimen of a rare species .
Some botanical gardens have put in place security to protect their cycads , but these tough measures are n’t foolproof because guards can be bought off .
“ Cycads are such popular plants , and there is such great demand , it ’s insane what people will pay , ” says Rousseau .
His project is focused on cycads from the Encephalartos genus , which are endemic to Africa .
South Africa has an exceptionally high number of cycad species classified as endangered , despite having strict laws regulating the trade of the plant .
To own a cycad in South Africa requires a permit , but this is difficult to monitor .
Limited use of cycads is allowed for indigenous purposes such as “ muti , ” or traditional African medicine .
Global trade in the plant is restricted under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , with all cycad species in South Africa falling under CITES Appendix I , which deals with species that are the most endangered .
This means that trade in plant material collected from the wild is banned and trade of cultivated plants is strictly regulated .
But these restrictions have n’t stopped the pilfering of the plants from botanical gardens , nature reserves and the wild , where species may become extinct before they are even formally identified .
When a new cycad species was identified in South Africa in 1995 , within weeks of being discovered it was wiped out in the wild by thieves .
“ The demand for this cycad is absolutely ridiculous , ” says Rousseau .
“ If it ’s new and endangered , people just love it . ”
When cycads are smuggled across borders , they are stripped of their leaves for transport , making it extremely difficult to determine the species , especially with a shortage of trained experts at hand .
The ultimate goal would be a handheld device that would allow customs official to take a tiny sample of a plant and almost instantaneously have a reading of its species by matching its DNA barcode against the database .
Such a device , which would have widespread application , is under development by scientists in Canada but still a long way off , maybe a decade or more , said professor Michelle van der Bank of the UJ ’s department of botany and plant biotechnology .
However she says that it could be produced more quickly if private companies get involved .
“ It ’s quite urgent .
We ’re losing endemic species that have n’t been discovered yet , ” said van der Bank .
To get the DNA barcode of a plant , scientists take a tiny sample and treat it with chemicals .
The machine that currently sequences DNA in the UJ botany lab is worth more than $ 150,000 and the process takes a day .
But the plant can only be identified as long as there is a database to match it against .
The cycad barcodes will be included in an international initiative called TreeBOL ( Barcode of Life ) which aims to catalogue all the world ’s trees , with van der Bank and the University of Johannesburg behind efforts to barcode all the trees of Africa .
All of this is part of the International Barcode of Life initiative based at Canada ’s University of Guelph , which is working to catalogue the earth ’s biodiversity in an online database that currently holds nearly 70,000 barcodes from more than 800,000 specimens .
While they are becoming increasingly rare in the wild , cycads can still be often found in South Africa on the grounds of hotels and universities , including at the University of Johannesburg , as well as in the gardens of private homes .
Rousseau became interested in cycads while growing up in Pretoria with a father who was a keen collector .
The Cycad Society of South Africa aims to promote the legal collection of cycads — since the trade of cultivated cycads is legal — and foster knowledge about the plant .
At the top of the society ’s website is a link to a police crime line , for reporting the illegal trade of cycads .
At the Durban gardens , some of the plants stolen by thieves in November had been growing there for 75 years .
Cycads can grow for hundreds or even thousands of years — for example , it can take up to 800 years for a plant to grow a long stem .
“ They survived all this time , " says Rousseau , " but they ’re barely hanging on . ”
This is the seventh post in the article series " Vim Plugins You Should Know About " .
This time I am going to introduce you to a plugin called " ragtag.vim " .
A month ago it was still known as " allml.vim " but now it has been renamed to ragtag.vim .
The best parts of RagTag are mappings for editing HTML tags .
It has a mapping for quickly closing open HTML tags , a mapping for quickly turning the typed word into a pair of open / close HTML tags , several mappings for inserting HTML doctype , linking to CSS stylesheets , loading JavaScript < script src= " ... " >...</ script > and it includes mappings for wrapping the typed text in a pair of <? php ... ?> tags for PHP , or < % ... %> for ASP or eRuby , and { % .. %} for Django .
RagTag is written by Tim Pope .
He 's the master of Vim plugin programming .
I have already written about two of his plugins - surround.vim and repeat.vim and more articles about his plugins are coming !
Previous articles in the series .
Here are examples of using the RagTag plugin .
Quickly closing an open HTML tag .
Suppose you have typed < div > and you want to close it without typing the whole closing tag < / div > yourself .
The quick way to do it with RagTag is to press CTRL+X / .
This mapping automatically closes the last open HTML tag .
Extra tip :
If you did n't have this plugin you could quickly close the tag by typing </ and pressing CTRL+X CTRL+O .
The default Vim mapping CTRL+X CTRL+O guesses the item that may come after the cursor .
In case of an open HTML tag it 's the close tag .
Creating a pair of open / close HTML tags from a word .
Suppose you want to quickly create a pair of < div ></div > and place the cursor between the two tags .
The quick way to do it with RagTag is to type div and press CTRL+X SPACE .
This mapping takes the typed word and creates a pair of HTML tags , one closing tag and one open tag on the same line .
However , if you want to create open / close tag pair separated by a newline , type CTRL+X ENTER .
Here is an example , if you just typed div and then press CTRL+X ENTER it will produce the following output :
< div > < strong >|</ strong > </div>
| indicates the position of cursor .
Insert HTML doctype .
If you type CTRL+X !
RagTag will display a list of HTML doctypes to choose from .
Defaults to HTML 4.01 Strict .
This mapping is not that useful , given that I already introduced snipmate.vim plugin for creating snippets .
Using snipmate.vim you can create a snippet " h " that would insert the whole HTML structure , including doctype , html , body , title , meta tags , etc .
Link to a CSS stylesheet .
Typing CTRL+X @ inserts the snippet for linking to a CSS stylesheet .
< link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text / css " href= " / stylesheets /< strong >|</strong>.css " >
This is again not that useful , given that we have snipmate.vim .
The mapping is easy to remember because code > @</ code is used for importing in CSS .
Insert meta content - type tag .
Typing CTRL+X # inserts the HTML meta tag for document 's content type and encoding .
< meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=ISO -8859-1 " >
The charset depends on document 's charset .
If it 's utf - 8 , the mapping will set the charset to utf - 8 in the meta tag .
Load JavaScript document .
Typing CTRL+X $ links to a JavaScript file .
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " / javascripts/<strong>|</strong>.js " ></ script>
The mapping is easy to remember because $ is a valid char in identifiers in many languages .
Wrap the typed text in PHP , Django , eRuby template tags .
There are several different mappings for wrapping text in template tags .
It 's best to summarize them in the following table .
The table assumes you had just typed " foo " and you are editing an eRuby document :
Mapping Result
---------
----------- CTRL+X = foo<%= < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X + <%= foo<strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X - foo< % < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X _ <% foo<strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X ' foo< %# < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X " <%# foo<strong >|</ strong > %>
What this table shows us is , for example , that if you have typed " foo " and press CTRL+X _ , the plugin will wrap " foo " in <% %> tags and place the cursor after " foo " .
Summary of all the RagTag mappings .
CTRL+X / Close the last open HTML tag CTRL+X SPACE Create open / close HTML tags from the typed word CTRL+X CR
The same as CTRL+X SPACE but puts a newspace in between CTRL+X !
Insert HTML doctype CTRL+X @ Insert CSS stylesheet CTRL+X # Insert meta content - type meta tag CTRL+X $ Load JavaScript document
For the following mappings , suppose that you have typed " foo " .
Mapping Result
---------
----------- CTRL+X = foo<%= < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X + <%= foo<strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X - foo< % < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X _ <% foo<strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X ' foo< %# < strong >|</ strong > %> CTRL+X " <%# foo<strong >|</ strong > %>
How to install ragtag.vim ?
To get the latest version :
1. Download ragtag.zip .
2. Extract ragtag.zip to ~/.vim ( on Unix / Linux ) or ~\vimfiles ( on Windows ) .
( on Unix / Linux ) or ( on Windows ) .
3 . Run : helptags ~/.vim /doc ( on Unix / Linux ) or : helptags ~\vimfiles\doc ( on Windows ) to rebuild the tags file ( so that you can read help : help ragtag . )
( on Unix / Linux ) or ( on Windows ) to rebuild the tags file ( so that you can read help . )
4 . Restart Vim or source ragtag.vim by typing : so ~/.vim/plugin/ragtag.vim ( on Unix / Linux ) or : so ~\vimfiles\plugin\ragtag.vim
Have Fun !
Have fun closing those HTML tags and until next time !
Modern Warfare 2 Review - Single Player Campaign
07/11/2009 at 17:04
- Score 5/
5
- , , , ,
It ’s difficult to review a game like Call of Duty : Modern Warfare2 some two days before it ’s officially released .
Everyone wants to know whether it ’s any good or not .
Whether it suffers from Infinity ’s Ward ’s notorious infinite re-spawns , and whether it could possibly live up to the high levels of expectations heaped upon it after the success of the last few Call of Duty games .
But then at the same time , no - one wants to have any of the game spoiled for them either .
Which makes it extremely difficult to actually say anything worthwhile and of substance without giving too much away .
Though to be honest , having just experienced the whole of the single player campaign myself having managed to avoid most of the preview coverage , I would n’t want to spoil anything anyway , as it ’s absolutely an experience that ’s best had with no prior knowledge or foresight .
This review will focus solely on the single - player portion of the game .
Though I do write it with a certain sense of trepidation as I do n’t want to fall foul of the behemoth that is Activision by breaking some embargo stipulation that I ’m not actually privy to because they were n’t decent enough to send me a review copy of the game .
I was however , fortunate enough to receive my pre-order copy three days early .
And after having spent all of last night and most of today working my way through the single - player campaign - on Hardened in case you ’re wondering - some 9 hours 41 minutes later , here I am .
Breathless , on a huge adrenaline - high and trying to put into words the mind - blowing experience I ’ve just had with what I can only describe as the single best first - person - shooter experience I ’ve ever had .
Let ’s not beat about the bush , and I ’ll save you the hassle of having to scroll to the bottom of this review - Modern Warfare 2 is , without any shadow of a doubt , an astonishing 5 star experience .
To the point where that score would not change even if it was a single - player only game , without the as - yet - untouched multiplayer or special ops modes - it really is that good .
From its tight - pacing , to its exhilarating and varied set - pieces , it ’s a , ( and I hate to use this metaphor but I ca n’t think of a more apt description ) bona - fide rollercoaster ride .
There ’s not a dull level or moment in the game and even when Infinity Ward does deliberately slow the pace , it ’s done to devastating and dramatic effect and serves often to only heighten the tension instead of providing any sort of lull .
And so with that grand opening out of the way , let ’s now look at the myriad reasons why .
Trying not to give too much away
The first person shooter is perhaps the most popular and biggest selling genre of game out there at the moment , and you 'd think by now that developers would have exhausted all the possibilities .
Not so Infinity Ward .
You see , even though a lot of FPSs leave me cold and bored with their monotonous shallow gameplay and copied and pasted level design , and even though Modern Warfare 2 still follows that same Call of Duty blueprint , every single level stands out for one reason or another .
Whether you 're slowly sneaking through an arctic chill , running all guns blazing through a busy American street or holed up in a burger house ( of all places ) , holding off enemy forces , Modern Warfare 2's scenarios and levels are all delivered with a level of panache that shows why it 's the genre 's premier developer .
The level design and mission objectives constantly change .
The tactics required to succeed are varied and interested .
And it 's just all so cinematic .
There ’s a certain level in Modern Warfare 2 where an unfortunate event happens - and you ’ll know the one I ’m referring to when you play it for yourself - that is no doubt going to get the game a lot of negative press .
But to do so is to completely miss the point .
Now do n’t worry , I wo n’t spoil it for , but I will mention that on this one particular level you ’re asked to do something unlike anything you ’ve ever had to do in a videogame before .
And while you ’ll do it unflinchingly , much to your own surprise no doubt , you will , like I did , have to pause proceedings for a second and reflect on what you ’ve just had to do .
You see I ’ve killed thousands of animated AI characters across hundreds of games during my time as a gamer , but Modern Warfare 2 was the first time I ’ve ever had to stop and sit , stony - faced and in shock while I let the gravity of what I ’ve just seen sink in .
The words " dramatic " , " sickening " , " unhinging " and " affecting " do n’t come anywhere near close to describing said unfortunate even .
But then for as hard - hitting an event as it undoubtedly is , it ’s delivered in such a way that it ’s never offensive , un-necessary or gratuitous .
There ’s an almost tangible sense of respect and dignity in how it ’s presented too .
And while there will undoubtedly be numerous scathing headlines criticising the game ’s supposed insensitivity in this current global political climate , Infinity Ward should actually be commended because it ’s the single - most thought provoking moment in a videogame yet .
Even more so than the tragic and helpless death of Sergeant Paul Jackson in Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare after a nuclear warhead brings down his helicopter .
But moving away from potential spoiler territory again , Modern Warfare 2 as it turns out , is n’t a radical departure from the tried and tested formula that stood the previous games in such good stead .
In fact , anyone looking for anything new and revolutionary is going to be ultimately disappointed .
But one minor new addition though , and one that never gets old , is the new breach mechanic .
Certain levels require you to breach and clear rooms , similarly to Rainbow Six : Vegas , only Modern Warfare 2 ’s interpretation is much more cinematic as it employs a bullet - time - esque slowdown as you enter each room , giving you a few precious seconds to carefully pinpoint and take down the enemy hostiles in glorious slow motion .
There ’s also a whole new raft of weapons and attachments including most notably , a heartbeat sensor which indicates the presence of nearby enemies .
The thermal weapons which show heat sources as a bright white silhouette are also hugely effective and I look forward to their use in multiplayer .
Visually arresting
In terms of graphics , Modern Warfare 2 proves itself to be extremely deceptive .
At first glance it ’s easy to think it ’s just a vanilla re-hash of the Call of Duty 4 engine with no improvements or additions and you may actually initially be slightly underwhelmed by its visuals .
But then as things progress and you experience the snow and desert levels and start to notice the fantastic weather and atmospheric particle effects – stuff I do n’t normally ever see or pay attention to - you ’ll slowly begin to have your mind changed .
And then towards the end of the game , when you ca n’t fail but notice the vast amounts of carnage , wreckage and debris scattered around the devastated locales , your jaw will drop as you stop and take stock of just how much detail , the sheer number of objects and how much thought and dedication has so obviously gone into the design of each level .
The White House siege being a particular highlight .
The character animation is also gloriously well realised with enemies and your squad - mates having a real presence and sense of weight in the world .
Everything just looks so believable and the motion capture team at Neversoft deserves a lot of credit .
The levels where you and a colleague work as a pair are particularly memorable .
And usually in a game like this , you tend to lead and your AI compadre follows , but in Modern Warfare 2 your partner acts and behaves in such a believable manner that it ’s easy to forget they ’re computer controlled .
In fact you ’ll quickly end up following them and letting them dictate the pace of play as though you were playing with a real - life partner and not an AI character .
Watching them carefully peer around trees then pick off select enemy hostiles or charge into a room before dropping an opponent with a skilfull Judo throw then knifing them in the stomach just looks so believable and polished that you really do become immersed into the experience and captivated by it all .
The enemy AI is also worth mentioning too as no longer will hostiles simply hide behind objects waiting for you to pick them off .
Instead they ’ll mix their tactics up by trying to out - flank or out - manoeuvre you ; they ’ll even try to suppress you , and rather than sitting there like an idiot when you throw a grenade at them , they ’ll often switch positions to get a cleaner shot at you .
You might also be glad to know that the infinite respawns that plagued the previous Call of Duty games have been seemingly all but eradicated .
Or at least , if they are still there , they ’re brilliantly well disguised because not once during my time through the game did I ever feel like I had to push on past that annoying invisible line in order to move things forward .
Enemies will attack in groups and waves but once you ’ve skilfully mopped them all up , as you would expect to be able to , you can push on unhindered .
The difficulty level also seems to have been tweaked slightly too .
On Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare and the Treyarch developed Call of Duty : World at War , there were numerous levels that featured sections that I must have replayed 50 or 60 times before eventually beating them .
But yet I completed Modern Warfare 2 on Hardened , without ever getting frustrated or annoyed .
There were admittedly some sections that required a few replays , but then I ’d expect that on such a testing difficulty level .
And thankfully there seemed to be a much higher number of closely positioned checkpoints which I was extremely grateful for .
Whether this change in difficulty is simply down to the removal of infinite respawns remains to be seen , but I ’d like to give the benefit of the doubt to Infinity Ward and put it down to them being at the peak of their game and having the time and ability to continually evolve and adapt .
Conclusions
From beginning to end the action in Modern Warfare 2 never lets up .
And Infinity Ward has yet again shown itself to be a master story - teller , has raised the metaphorical bar and once again delivered a masterful single - player experience with supremely skilful pacing that guarantees a high level of tension and excitement throughout .
With a whole variety of different locations , set - pieces , and gameplay styles , the game constantly reinvents itself and even though the core mechanics and gameplay experience are identical to its predecessors , it never once feels old , stale or formulaic .
With a dramatic 24 - inspired storyline with plenty of twists of turns , at over 9 hours total time on hardened it never outstays its welcome and with the punishing Veteran difficulty levels there ’s always plenty of reason to revisit it .
An epic and bewildering experience , it 's already my definite candidate for game of the year , if not the decade .
Infinity Ward , I salute you .
Forget about the big man on campus .
These days , colleges and universities are increasingly becoming a woman ’s world .
With female high school students nearly twice as likely to apply to college than their male counterparts , colleges are struggling to maintain a gender balance .
Many admissions officials have given up on the target of a 50 - 50 male - to - female ratio .
“ There is not a chance to get back to 50 percent , ” said Paul M. Cramer , the vice president for enrollment at Elizabethtown College , a private school where more than 63 percent of undergrads are women .
“ Nor do we have that as a goal , ” he said .
“ Elizabethtown is very comfortable in its skin . ”
There are many reasons for the bending gender balances on college campuses .
First and foremost , women have been aggressive about breaking down barriers to majors and professions once dominated by men , including business , accounting , sciences and engineering .
By contrast , many men remain reluctant to enter areas of study traditionally dominated by women , such as elementary education , social work and occupational therapy .
In addition , more men are seeking career opportunities that do n’t require college degrees .
And of the men who aspire to go to college , a growing number are n’t as strong academically as the college - bound women they are competing against for acceptance letters , officials said .
With fewer males on campuses , the dating scene is changing and it ’s becoming less likely that men and women will meet their mates there .
Some say this is helping drive women to focus even more on their college studies and their career opportunities .
“ They have possibilities that we never had , ” said Marianne Calenda , Elizabethtown ’s dean of students , who sees the trends as empowering for women .
“ Who knows where they are going to meet their life ’s partner ? ” she added , seeing the notion of college campuses as matrimonial hunting grounds as a quaint anachronism .
“ Chances are , it may not be in college . ”
Other colleges are doing all they can to keep their gender balances at least closer to even .
At private Lebanon Valley College , about 45 percent of the school ’s 1,600 students are male , and William J. Brown Jr. has made it his mission as the vice president of enrollment to keep the proportion steady .
“ It ’s been a struggle , frankly , ” he said .
“ Males seem to be looking at college not as their top option , while a lot of women are considering college their top option . ”
What is worse , the men who apply tend to have less stellar scholastic backgrounds , making it even more difficult to prop up sagging male enrollment .
“ Our acceptance rate is higher for females , ” Brown said .
“ More of them have done a better job in high school . ”
That ’s why Brown is happy just to maintain the college ’s 55 - 45 female - to - male ratio .
“ I picture our situation as being much more positive , ” he said .
“ It has swayed much more to the female side at a lot of places .
And the more you sway one way or the other , it snowballs .
It becomes more and more difficult to recruit on one side of the ledger .
It keeps going downhill . ”
One way to boost male enrollment is to increase the number of African - American and Latino men who go to college .
These racial subgroups have the biggest disparity in male - female enrollment .
“ Nationally speaking , African - American males have the biggest college gender gap , ” said Jose Aviles , the associate director of admissions at Millersville University .
“ There ’s a lot of theories out there , ” he said .
“ A lot has to do with their experience with education .
They feel like they cannot ask for help and they will not ask for help .
It ’s a sign of weakness if you grow up in an urban environment . ”
Millersville has been trying to remedy the situation by providing more support to its black and Latino men .
But the biggest form of campus comfort is often found among a community of one ’s peers — something that minority men do n’t enjoy at many colleges .
“ A campus can feel chilly if there ’s no visibility of other folks who look like you , ” Aviles said .
“ You have to overcome that feeling on campus .
There is still a ways to go , but when you are intentional about increasing participation from any subgroup , it can happen . ”
After all , admissions officials are n’t simply filling seats .
They ’re out to build a community of learners that can maximize the exchange of ideas .
“ The beauty of an education experience is the difference in experiences and the difference in ideas , ” Aviles said .
“ That ’s where the exchanges really happen .
You really want to have a balanced class that allows for those exchanges to happen . ”
One place you wo n’t hear administrators bemoan the disappearing male student is Penn State University .
The one - time agricultural college still has a masculine image , thanks to its perennially powerful football team and its rich tradition as an engineering school .
The result is an undergraduate student body at the State College campus that is 55 percent male , bucking the national trend .
“ Penn State ’s opposite position is mostly a function of our historical emphasis and heavy enrollments in engineering , the physical sciences and business , ” university spokeswoman Lisa Powers said .
In fact , Penn State , is working to increase its female representation in science , engineering and math .
肥満になっている人は特に海外では非常に多いですが国内でも男性、女性問わずいるといわれており、様々な病気を招くようになります。
国内ではストレスから来る肥満が非常に多くなっており男性、女性ともに30代～40代中心に目立ちます。
肥満は骨や関節への負担が大きくなる為、腰痛や膝痛なども起きやすくなります。
又重症な場合は突然死や乳がん、子宮がんなど多くのがんの症状にかかりやすくなっています。
日本人では肥満の場合海外の人のように激太りをする事は珍しいですが、少しでも太ると糖尿病などの生活習慣病になりやすくなります。
これらの事から肥満は危険信号という事になりますが、肥満が心配な場合では一度検査も考える必要があります。
肥満の検査ではBMI指数と呼ばれるものを計算する事で簡単に分かるようになっておりこの指数が25以上の場合肥満症と言われています。
肥満症には実に様々な病気がありますが、特に内蔵型脂肪肥満に当てはまる人の方が病気になりやすくなっています。
肥満を改善するには個人個人肥満の症状が違う為、医師と相談して自分に最適なものを選択する形になります。
多くの治療方法は食事療法、運動療法、薬物療法を組み合わせたものになっています。
食事療法は効果が大きいですがリバウンドしがちな為、運動療法を取り入れる事で防ぐ事が出来ます。
McGinnis said that police still do n't know why Williams came up with the plan .
She gave a rape motive to acquaintances , Aiken and the teen , but never told any friend that she had been raped , he said .
She did not report it to Philadelphia police , he said .
Consumer Metrics Institute constructs a U.S. consumption index based on actual transactions data for a range of major discretionary purchases such as cars , houses , durable goods , and vacations .
The advantage of the institute 's method is that consumer transactions data might be able to indicate the direction of the economy before U.S. GDP data is officially released .
As shown below , their ' Daily Growth Index ' has lead changes in U.S. GDP reasonably well , at least going back to 2006 .
Admittedly , this is a short time frame .
Yet if their transactions data is a dependable leading indicator , then we could be in for a tumble .
That 's because their Daily Growth Index just crashed , which means that U.S. GDP growth could be about to slump as well .
Still , keep in mind that many economists expect about 3 % U.S. GDP growth in 2010 , so it would n't be a huge surprise if U.S. GDP growth slumped a little bit in the coming quarters .
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address , country and postal code .
Sign up below !
Advertisement
1. Nathan Fillion , Castle
Fans of the ill - fated Firefly were n’t able to let the short - lived series slip into oblivion without a fight .
And while Nathan Fillion , who played the show ’s wisecracking spaceship captain Malcolm Reynolds , moved on to play the novelist - turned - detective Richard Castle on ABC ’s Castle , he clearly still has a soft spot for Firefly .
In the episode “ Vampire Weekend , ” Fillion shows off his Halloween costume to his teenage daughter Alexis — a getup that looks suspiciously like Mal’s .
When Alexis asks what he ’s supposed to be , Fillion shrugs and answers , “ Space cowboy , ” while a sly approximation of Firefly ’s incidental music plays in the background .
Alexis retorts , “ Did n’t you wear that , like , five years ago ?
Do n’t you think you should move on ? ”
2. John Travolta , From Paris With Love
One of the most memorable bits of dialogue in Pulp Fiction comes early in the film when John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson discuss the cultural differences between America and Europe .
“ You know what they call the Quarter Pounder With Cheese ? ” Travolta asks Jackson .
After taking a second to scoff at the metric system , he answers his own question : “ The Royale With Cheese . ” Travolta played an even crazier — though far less charismatic — tough guy in 2009 ’s From Paris With Love , but he felt the need to heat up that leftover quip by making another crack about the Royale With Cheese — you know , seeing as how he was in Europe and all .
Advertisement
3. Neil Patrick Harris , How I Met Your Mother
In “ The Bracket , ” a How I Met Your Mother episode heavily hyped by CBS during the 2008 NCAA Men ’s Basketball Tournament , Neil Patrick Harris ’ horndog character Barney Stinson tries to narrow down which of his former conquests is sending him threatening messages .
His method ?
Entering all their names into a bracket , March Madness style , and pairing them off to see who hates him most .
“ The Bracket ” is a funny episode , making good use of all the HIMYM hallmarks : an unusual storytelling structure , a mythology - rich take on mundane youthful indiscretions , and so on .
And then there ’s the stinger : “ The Bracket ” ends with Barney writing about his experience while staring thoughtfully off into the distance , just as Harris used to do in his role as teen doctor Doogie Howser .
In the background , the Doogie “ wrapping up ” music cue plays — though the lessons Barney ’s learned about his life probably should n’t be repeated .
4. Bruce Willis , Cop Out
In the referential buddy - cop comedy Cop Out , Tracy Morgan takes to the interrogation room , ready to play bad cop for the suspect .
Bruce Willis warns viewers that Morgan ’s version of bad cop is simply a hodgepodge of his favorite lines from movies and TV , and it ’s true : Morgan riffs on everything from Heat and Star Wars to Schindler ’s List and Beetlejuice , with cuts back to Willis , who interprets the scenes for the audience as if the two are playing charades .
The punchline comes in one of Morgan ’s final choices : Bruce Willis as officer John McClane from 1988 ’s Die Hard .
Willis ’ response from the observation room , after Morgan shouts , “ Yipee - ki- yay , motherfucker ” ?
“ I ’ve never seen that movie . ”
It ’s every bit as groan - inducing and lifeless as it sounds .
Advertisement
5. Henry Winkler and Scott Baio , Arrested Development
Arrested Development loved to have fun with the onscreen history of its cast ; its writers deployed sly metahumor the way Three ’s Company leaned on mistaken - identity plots .
Jason Bateman ’s real - life sister , Justine , was brought in to play a character who might have been his character ’s sister .
Producer and uncredited announcer Ron Howard showed a vested interest in defending the honor of Andy Griffith .
And Dan Castellaneta shows up as a doctor who says “ D’oh ! ” when he makes a mistake .
But the best wink at the show ’s TV - savvy audience involved the casting of Henry Winkler , famous for playing Arthur Fonzarelli on Happy Days , as Bluth family attorney Barry Zuckerkorn .
At a critical moment in the stellar second season , he enacts one of the most legendarily disastrous moments in television by literally jumping over a shark .
The casting also set up another great moment later on , when Scott Baio came in ( as attorney Bob Loblaw ) to replace the incompetent Zuckerkorn — and to confess that it was n’t the first time he replaced Winkler , to “ skew younger . ”
6. Alan Alda , 30 Rock
Like Arrested Development , NBC’s 30 Rock frequently makes self - referential gags about its cast and guest stars .
( One great bit involved an aging comedy writer played by Carrie Fisher yelling “ Help me , Liz Lemon !
You ’re my only hope ! ” )
But the one that got the biggest laugh may have been the appearance of Alan Alda , the onetime star of TV’s M* A * S*H , as Jack Donaghy ’s father .
Wandering around the study in time to halfway - hear a story being related by Tracy Jordan , he asks : “ A guy crying about a chicken and a baby ?
I thought this was supposed to be a comedy show ! ”
Fans who tuned into the last episode of M* A * S* H — and critics who fretted over 30 Rock ’s sometimes - clumsy attempts to incorporate drama into its humor — took a few seconds to get the joke , then gave it the huge laughs it deserved .
Advertisement
7. John Lithgow , 3rd Rock From The Sun
One of the elements that rescued 3rd Rock From The Sun from being a sitcom mediocrity was its extremely game cast , and no one was more up for any old absurd scene the writers could dream up than lead actor / ham sandwich John Lithgow .
He seemed to take special pleasure in sending up characters he ’d played elsewhere ; at various points in the show ’s run , he goofed on his roles in The World According To Garp , recited his character ’s speech from Footloose word for word , and — alongside William Shatner , no less — discussed a frightful airline incident reminiscent of the Twilight Zone story in which both starred —
Shatner in the ’60s and Lithgow in its ’ 80s big screen remake .
Lithgow always seemed to be enjoying himself in such moments , and especially in the multi-part second - season arc where he played both his own character and “ Evil Dick , ” a sinister figure who constantly mocked his predecessor ’s mild - mannered demeanor .
It worked great on its own , but was especially funny for those who saw Lithgow do essentially the same routine in Brian De Palma ’s underrated Raising Cain , playing an evil character who constantly mocks the sort of pleasantly sensitive types that Lithgow usually takes on in other movies .
8. Dustin Hoffman , The Simpsons
Not surprisingly , The Simpsons is the television champion of the self - referential game .
From Sideshow Bob 's brother , Cecil ( voiced by David Hyde Pierce ) , invoking the name of Maris to Lisa Simpson snickering about a joke she saw on Herman ’s Head , the show did meta before meta was a tired , frequently misused buzzword .
Its best effort was when Dustin Hoffman — uncredited in his role as Lisa ’s substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom , which made viewers work a bit harder to penetrate the joke — runs into an amorous Edna Krabappel , who tries to lure him into a tawdry affair .
Echoing the most famous line his character spoke in The Graduate , Hoffman says “ Mrs. Krabappel , you ’re trying to seduce me , are n’t you ? ” as the animators deliver a perfect visual nod to the famous scene .
But Mr. Bergstrom gets a very different answer than The Graduate ’s Benjamin Braddock .
Advertisement
[ pagebreak ]
9. Dan Castellaneta , L.A. Law
Dan Castellaneta ’s 1992 appearance on L.A. Law came at an odd juncture for both the venerable legal series and The Simpsons .
The latter was still a white - hot phenomenon ; the former had started a long dive in the ratings after years of being one of TV ’s most talked - about shows .
Castellaneta appeared in L.A. Law ’s seventh - season première , the first under new co-executive producers John Tinker and John Massius , late of St. Elsewhere .
Charged with reviving the show , they decided to take it in a lighter direction .
They also , by necessity , had to deal with the 1992 riots that flared up during the show ’s hiatus .
Thus , to balance out all the violence and racial strife , viewers also got the tale of an amusement - park worker ( Castellaneta ) suing for wrongful termination .
His specialty character ?
Homer Simpson , which allowed the show to put the voice of Homer inside a Homer costume .
Tinker and Massius lost their jobs at mid-season .
Advertisement
10 . Marlon Brando , The Freshman
In one of this 1990 Andrew Bergman comedy ’s sharpest twists , it ’s revealed that the character of Carmine Sabatini ( played by Marlon Brando ) served as the inspiration for Don Corleone in the Godfather movies .
Brando does little more than recreate one of his most famous roles here , but he gives it the full treatment — cotton balls in the cheeks and all — with hilarious results .
It ’s a treat for Godfather fans , who also get to watch a snooty film professor take apart The Godfather Part II .
Brando even takes another meta - leap toward the end of the movie , when his character starts paraphrasing the big speech from On The Waterfront while talking to a komodo dragon .
11 . Efren Ramirez , When In Rome
The Kristen Bell theatrical vehicle When In Rome is such a weak , formulaic romantic comedy that a self - referential sight gag partway through almost qualifies as clever by its low , low standards .
Napoleon Dynamite star Jon Heder plays an overwrought street magician , one of a number of cartoony sadsacks ensorcelled into instant love with Bell , and determined to win her heart via the most ridiculous gimmicks imaginable .
While Heder ’s rivals ply her with gifts and braggadocio , Heder breaks into Bell ’s apartment and attempts to stage a trick to impress her .
When Bell shows up , she ’s horrified at Heder ’s protestations of love , his breaking - and - entering , his incompetently performed trick , and the furniture he smashes .
She ’s also shocked by the presence of a second invader , Efren Ramirez — a.k.a.
Pedro from Napoleon Dynamite .
Ostensibly , he ’s there to videotape Heder ’s escape , but he ’s dressed like Pedro , he acts like Pedro , and he gives the audience a grin to let them know that yes , he ’s just there as a Napoleon Dynamite joke .
Advertisement
12 . Mel Gibson and Danny Glover , Maverick
By 1994 , when Maverick came out , Mel Gibson and Danny Glover had already starred in three Lethal Weapon movies together as mismatched cop partners on crazy adventures .
That ’s why when they meet up in Maverick , as entirely different characters , they both seem taken aback .
Gibson is playing a slick gambler trying to collect on a debt ;
Glover is a masked bank robber who breaks in on Gibson and his debtor to take their wallets before blowing the bank safe .
Even though he ’s being held at gunpoint , Gibson seems more curious than frightened , and pulls off Glover ’s mask to examine his face .
They look deep into each other ’s eyes as Lethal Weapon music plays — then shake it off , both muttering “ Naaaah … ”
Then they look at each other searchingly again .
Wait , is it possible they ’re really long - acquainted Los Angeles cops instead of Old West outlaws ?
No , they shake it off a second time and go about their business .
Of course , that does n’t prevent Glover from coming out with his familiar Lethal Weapon catchphrase .
13 . Dirk Benedict , The A - Team and Amazing Stories
TV’s The A - Team pulled a similar quickie sight gag , which wound up in the series ’ opening credits .
Dirk Benedict , as “ Faceman , ” the team ’s charmer , did n’t get up to much of interest in the four years between his co-starring role as Starbuck on Battlestar Galactica and his A - Team gig .
Which may explain why a second - season A - Team episode took a moment to reference that show .
After infiltrating a television convention , Benedict lounges around then watches as someone dressed as a Battlestar Cylon walks past .
Much like Gibson and Glover , Benedict makes a gesture as if he ’s about to say something , then shrugs it off .
Several years into The A - Team , Benedict showed up on an Amazing Stories episode , still playing Face .
When henpecked nebbish Sydney Lassick gets a magical TV with a remote control that can change reality , he turns his terrifying wife ( named Grendel , no less ) into a scantily clad hottie and his obnoxious Hare Krishna son into Benedict , who promptly begins griping about what the other A - Team members are up to .
( A minute later , Lassick ’s other twerpy son becomes Gary Coleman from Diff ’rent Strokes . )
14 . John Ritter , Stay Tuned
And speaking of TV parodies and magical remote controls …
The 1992 film comedy Stay Tuned spends its first half spinning its wheels while building up to the second half , where hapless , unhappily married suburbanites John Ritter and Pam Dawber are sucked into their Satanically warped television and forced to use a magical remote to channel - surf through a series of film and TV parodies as they try to find their way out .
After stops on Northern Overexposure , Dwayne ’s Underworld , Driving Over Miss Daisy , and a Chuck Jones cartoon , Ritter ’s character winds up back where Ritter himself spent so many years :
On Three ’s Company , where he revisits his old fall - over - the - couch gag .
Then the Three ’s Company theme starts , Chrissy and Janet look - alikes show up and bellow “ Where have you been ? ” and Ritter shrieks in horror and zips off to his final confrontation with the devil , inside a Salt N Pepa video .
15 . Julia Roberts , Valentine ’s Day
Valentine ’s Day , Garry Marshall ’s star - studded tribute to Love , American Style , feels unmistakably like a giant Hollywood self - congratulation session .
So it ’s only fitting that Marshall ’s Pretty Woman leading lady Julia Roberts offers a wink , wink , nudge , nude allusion to her past work with Marshall .
Late in the film , a limo driver asks Roberts — who famously showed up the snobs on Rodeo Drive in Pretty Woman — whether she ever shopped on the famous street .
Roberts quips that she has , but only once , and it was a big mistake .
Ha !
We get jokes !
And references !
And leaden semi - joke references !
The Environmental Protection Agency designated the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn a Superfund site on Tuesday and announced plans to clean up more than a century ’s worth of noxious pollutants there .
The decision ended a contentious debate and was a blow to the Bloomberg administration , which had proposed a cleanup without such a designation .
The city had argued that the label could set off legal battles with polluters , prolong the dredging operation and spook developers leery of the stigma of a Superfund listing .
But in a conference call with reporters , Judith A. Enck , the E.P.A. administrator for the region , said the Superfund designation would guarantee the best result for residents and the environment and ensure that the polluters cover all the costs .
“ We believe that it would get us the most efficient and comprehensive cleanup , ” Ms. Enck said .
From Gowanus Bay to New York Harbor , the agency has found contamination along the entire length of the clouded 1.8 - mile canal in a preliminary assessment , including pesticides , metals and the cancer - causing chemicals known as PCBs .
Before PyCon , I was approached by a representative from Packt Publishing to review one of their books .
They wanted me to read Daniel Arbuckle ’s Python Testing : Beginner ’s Guide .
I ’m not really into testing frameworks or test driven development and thought this would be a good excuse to learn the methodology and see if it was something that was actually valuable or just a lot of hype .
The book is only 256 pages long , so I told the Packt contact that it would probably take me a week or so to review .
After a week , she seemed kind of anxious that I was n’t done .
Thus , this is a partial review .
I do n’t like being pressured to review something fast .
I want my reviews to be thorough and of the best quality I can make them .
You will get a thorough review of the chapters that I did manage to finish .
If you want a full review , I ’m pretty sure someone else on Python Planet said they were doing one .
I read chapters 1 - 6 and then skimmed 7 - 10 .
The author writes in an engaging manner and the chapters are broken up into sections , which makes it easy to pick up , do a section , and put it back down without losing your place .
The primary reason that I was slow to review this book is that it has lots of code examples and it takes quite a while to re-type them all .
I hate technical books that are riddled with broken code , so I wanted to make sure that this book ’s code and tests worked .
If I review a book with lots of code in the future , I will insist on lots of time or an e-book copy so I can just copy and paste the code .
Anyway , the first couple of chapters went by with only minor errors in the text itself .
The content was pretty good , but the editors missed simple stuff where the author used “ white ” instead of “ write ” .
There are silly mistakes like this in most chapters .
The real problems do n’t happen until chapter 3 , which is about creating unit tests with doctest .
On page 45 , there ’s a code example that includes the following line :
[ python ]
self.integrated_error +q= err * delta
Since the author recommends using Python 2.6 , I thought that “ + q= ” might be some kind of new format that I was unaware of .
But it ’s just a typo .
On page 48 - 50 , he has a revised test from earlier in the chapter .
The text clearly states that all revisions will be clearly marked .
They are not and I was unable to find all the revisions to make the new version work .
I did n’t want to re-type the entire thing in again , so I skipped it and decided to download the author ’s code bundle from the publisher ’s website .
Here is where things really went downhill for me .
After getting the code , I noticed that the files and folders were not arranged by chapter , but by some other method .
This made it very difficult to find what I was looking for .
I eventually did find a chapters sub - folder in the “ tests ” folder ( I think ) .
My plan was to do a diff on that code versus mine .
When I opened the book code though , I noticed that the author had included a bunch of mock tests in it .
He does n’t cover mock until chapter 4 .
I considered stopping here and just telling everyone I knew to avoid this book , but since I got it for free , I decided to soldier on .
Chapter 4 is on the Python Mocker package by Labix .
This chapter was quite good and I think I learned a lot from it .
The only downer was that the author mentioned that you could use easy_install to install this module and that by so doing , Nose would be ready to run .
That was just plain dumb .
Other than that , I thought this was a good chapter .
Chapter 5 introduced the reader to Python ’s unittest library .
I do n’t recall if I tested all the code in this chapter or not , but I did n’t note anything that was wrong .
I thought this was a good introduction to unittest , especially for a beginner .
For chapter 6 , the topic is changed to Nose .
As you may have noticed from my descriptions so far , the author is quite gradual in how he went through the topics .
He started with doctests , moved to mock , then unittests and then Nose , which is kind of a test runner and enhancer .
I had weird issues with Nose when I tried to easy_install it .
For some reason , I ended up with the 0.10.1 version which did n’t work with all the commands in this book .
Once I got the current version , everything worked better .
I should note that I was unable to get the example on page 112 to pass nosetests .
I have no idea what the problem is , although it has to do with the Python Mocker module .
It may be that I mistyped something , but I could n’t figure it out .
The author covers Nose ’s configuration file briefly and goes over a few command line flags for nosetests .
He also covers fixtures and how to use them to enhance your tests .
Finally he shows how to use Nose ’s pattern matching abilities to run tests that match a certain naming convention .
Pretty cool stuff !
I started to skim in earnest after this chapter though .
In seven , he does a step - by - step walk - through depicting how to test and create a personal scheduling program .
I look forward to reading this section and seeing how complex or simple this is .
There is certainly code aplenty in this section and lots of tests ( or he may just be re-printing some of the examples in smaller parts for commentary ) .
I have no idea if any of it is functional though .
In chapter 8 , the book moves on to Web Testing with Twill .
I thought this was an interesting choice since Twill ’s website says that it has n’t been updated in over 3 years .
I tested a few of the examples in this chapter and they worked as advertised .
Much of this section is made up of explanations of Twill commands though .
The last section purportedly shows how to integrate Twill tests with unittest tests .
I did n’t do that part though .
Chapter 9 talks about Integration and System testing .
I thought the idea of drawing concentric circles in a diagram to figure out how to create integrated units for testing was a good concept .
That will probably appeal to the readers who like visuals .
Alas , I did n’t really read anything more than the first couple of pages , but it looks like he uses his schedule planner example here as well .
The final chapter entitled “ Other Testing Tools and Techniques ” .
I think this chapter looks fairly interesting , but did n’t get a chance to read it .
Looking at the text now , it would seem to briefly cover the following : coverage.py , version control hooks ( Bazaar , Mercurial , Darcs , Subversion ) , and buildbot .
There is also an appendix with Pop Quiz answers .
Overall , I think the chapters that I read had a lot of good information and that is was very well organized .
Unfortunately , the good was pretty badly marred by minor grammatical or sentence structure issues and the occasionally larger issue of broken code / tests .
If it happens once , then I expect that there probably other code or tests that are broken as well .
If this is the case , then I recommend buying it used or wait for a Packt sale of some sort .
On the other hand , if the book is pristine after chapter 6 … well , I guess that really does n’t matter since that would mean that over half the book had problems .
Okay .
Here ’s a better recommendation : Find a Borders or Barnes & Nobles near you that has the book and free wi-fi .
Go there , find the book , and read it and mess around with the examples BEFORE you buy it .
Rating Scale : 1 ( low ) – 5 ( high )
Code rating = 3
Writing = 4
Organization = 5
Average Score = 4 ( take a point or two off if broken code annoys you )
Belgian lawmakers are set to impose a ban on wearing the Islamic burqa in public , the first clampdown of its kind in Europe , unless the nation 's political crisis disrupts their vote .
On March 31 , the federal parliament 's home affairs committee voted unanimously to endorse a nationwide ban on clothes or veils that do not allow the wearer to be fully identified , including the full - face niqab and burqa .
Those who ignore it could face a fine of 15 - 25 euros ( $ A22 - $ A36 ) and / or a jail sentence of up to seven days , unless they have police permission to wear the garments .
The governing parties and opposition agree on the move , and the full house is widely expected to easily endorse the draft law , which is on the agenda for Thursday .
But a deep political crisis is looming after a party threatened to pull out of the government if tense negotiations between the French and Dutch - language communities on power - sharing are not finalised in 24 hours .
Consider this a friendly public service announcement care of our friends at TUAW .
Those who coveted the iPad and pre-ordered anytime before today can still apparently expect a delivery by the original April 3rd launch date .
Anyone that orders a WiFi model today , however , can expect to wait a little over a week , April 12th , to get an Apple tablet of his or her own , while the 3G - equipped units are guesstimated for late April .
Have patience -- on the bright side , that gives more time to see apps that justify your larger - screen iPhone purchase .
Ed.
Note July 2012 : This post was composed in February of 2010 in response to The Grammys during a time when I was a serious Lady Gaga fanatic .
I remain a Gaga fan but am honestly kinda embarrassed by the unbridled Gaga fanaticism expressed in this post .
In lieu of retro-editing the post , I encourage you to see the few statements about Gaga contained herein in the context of that time and not let those statements distract you from the rest of the post .
Obviously Taylor Swift herself has changed since then and will continue to , so just you know , appreciate this for the little time capsule it is .
Yesterday , looking for Daily Fix links , I came upon an MTV news piece by James Montgomery titled “ Why You Should n’t Hate On Taylor Swift . ”
Fair enough — the hype cycle moves quickly these days and now is probably the opportune moment for someone to step up and captain the “ backlash - to - the - backlash ” train .
But his argument is so off point I wondered if he ’d picked this topic or if the unprovable thesis had been assigned to him .
Because it ’s a difficult point to prove .
For starters , no one has been “ hating on Taylor ” — as I understand it , they ’ve been hating on Taylor Swift the Product and , as of late , her accumulation of Important Awards .
See , there ’s nothing to hate about Taylor Swift the human .
She ’s nice and honest , she ’s pumped much - needed cash into the music industry , she looks cute in glasses and she ’s friends with Our Heroine Ellen DeGeneres .
There was n’t even anything to “ hate ” about Taylor Swift ’s twangy addictive pop / country music until she snagged Album of the Year , thus transitioning her from “ harmlessly popular teenage pop fad ” into the ( relatively )
Legendary - for - artistic - merit context associated with prior winners like John Lennon , Bob Dylan , Lauryn Hill , U2 , Outkast and Eric Clapton .
Furthermore , relative to the oft - criticized oversexed young ladies of pop music , the Great Proverbial Mothers of America agree that they ’d like their babies to grow up to be cowgirls , as long as that cowgirl is as effortlessly adorable and endearingly successful as Taylor Swift .
And well ; from a distance , that idea seemed fine to me too .
If you ’re one of those mothers who insist on conservative role models who compose girl - bashing boy - crazy rain - soaked anthems and you value a starlette ’s “ purity ” over intelligence or even raw singing talent , then fine ; better Taylor than Bristol Palin or G -d forbid , her mother .
More on that in a minute .
The article claims this “ hating ” on Taylor is another nasty result of the internet ’s “ secure blanket of anonymity ” — that people hate on Taylor because they can .
That ’s silly , ’ cause the “ hating ” he describes comes from identified Facebook users and identified journalists .
So , moving on .
His other primary theory for why everyone “ suddenly ” is “ hating ” on Taylor is that post - # kanyeshrug , Taylor earned “ bona fide mainstream celebrity ” status which made her vulnerable to corresponding widespread attack and criticism .
That ’s untrue as well : most of these so - called “ haters ” either never liked Taylor or did n’t know of her ’til she won the award that their favorite musician lost .
They ’re not “ hating ” on Taylor simply because generalized “ celebrity - hating ” is a sport .
Where do my negative feelings towards her fit in ?
I did n’t know much about her ’til the VMAs , when right after learning who That Girl was , she beat Kelly Clarkson , Beyoncé and Lady Gaga for “ video of the year ” and I yelled [ a bit drunk , I admit ]
“ WHAT THE FUCK ?
GAGA ? BEYONCE ? ANYONE ? ” at the teevee , and , as if on cue , Hennessey - shitfaced Kanye popped up on stage to speak my mind and consequently kill his reputation .
Unsurprisingly 75 % of the commenters on the MTV piece disagree with Montgomery ’s case on all counts , particularly his dismissive “ So what if Taylor had an off performance ? , ” since Taylor always has an off performance .
In fact , MTV found the dueling commentary on the article so interesting that they made an article out of the comments before I even finished writing this one .
Yes , this gigantic essay began as a comment for that MTV article .
I had feelings .
They were getting too long for a blog comment .
I decided to take said feelings to a Daily Fix .
Then I hesitated .
See , I do n’t like dwelling in negativity , nor do I enjoy vilifying anyone besides politicians & Ilene Chaiken .
In fact , I prefer writing to endorse redemption of popular villains , such as Tila Tequila and Jenny Schecter .
“ … Her entitlement to a blatantly untrue ‘ fairy tale ’ narrative tastes disingenuous and cheap . ”
But I ca n’t seem to let go of this Taylor Swift thing , and though the comparison is extreme , she irritates me much like John McCain irritated me for most of 2008 … or , more accurately , how Avril Lavigne ‘s faux - “ punk ” abstinence anthem “ Do n’t Tell Me ” irritates me or yes , how the Twilight franchise occasionally irritates me ( though I ’ve seen the first movie now , and I admit it does look cool ) .
I ’ve already shared some of my qualms with you : that I feel her win represents a sinister endorsement of mediocrity / Wonderbread , that it means Digestible beat Daring and I prefer daring , that I ’m irked by her consistent inability to recognize more deserving nominees in her acceptance speeches , and that her entitlement to a blatantly untrue ‘ fairy tale ’ narrative tastes disingenuous and cheap .
But , even after writing that , I felt guilty for having such antagonistic feelings about Taylor Swift the Image when Taylor Swift the Person is , obviously , a good human being .
However , before I brought it up again ( especially this late , as the backlash - to - the - backlash part is over and we ’re now in the Valley of WhoCares , which is clearly where I “ thrive ” ) , I knew I had to do my Taylor Swift due diligence .
After reading that MTV article I did it : I listened to her music , read her blog , and watched her videos .
And I finally figured it out .
Taylor Swift is a feminist ’s nightmare .
The rush to exalt Swift is ( I believe ) a desperate attempt to infuse our allegedly apocalypse - bound country with a palatable conservative ideology in the form of a complacent , repressed feminine ideal .
It ’s working ’ cause Swift writes good songs and America is terrified that its children have been scarred by Britney Spears ’s psychotic vagina and Miley Cyrus ’s obnoxious adolescence .
“ The Grammy voters chose someone who , according to her lyrics , has spent her entire life waiting for phone calls and dreaming about horses and sunsets . ”
Rather than choosing an established / evolved talent ( Beyoncé ) or a fresh potential revolutionary ( Lady Gaga ) , the Grammys chose someone who , according to her lyrics , has spent her entire life waiting for phone calls and dreaming about horses and sunsets .
Though the debate over her performance skills is a well - beaten horse at this point , her unequivocal worthiness as a role model for girls has been accepted complacently ; at least within my limited purview .
Listen up ; if I ever get my life together enough to reproduce other life forms , they will not be joining Taylor Nation — they will be brave , creative , inventive , envelope - pushing little monsters who will find a pretty , skinny white blonde girl in a white peasant shirt strolling through nature - themed screensaver - esque fantasylands singing about how “ when you ’re fifteen and somebody tells you they love you , you ’re gonna believe them ” not only sappy , but also insulting to their inevitable brilliance .
I do n’t want my unborn grandchildren to listen to the story of how Taylor Swift won a Grammy she had n’t earned .
I want them to set pianos on fire .
+
1. Age is Just a Number
First , let ’s address the age issue ; as Swift is often celebrated as some kind of child prodigy .
Twenty is n’t young and her talent , while exceptional , is not unheard of .
Grammys have gone to Adele ( 21 ) , Christina Aguilera ( 20 in ’00 ) , LeAnn Rimes ( 16 in ’ 97 ) , Mariah Carey ( 21 in ’ 90 ) and Alicia Keys ( 20 in ’ 02 ) , among others .
Until there ’s evidence Swift can sing live , she ’s not uniquely qualified as a musician .
Why does Swift seem , at 20 , a decade younger than Lady Gaga ?
‘ Cause Swift ’s package is “ Purity Sue Ingenue ” : eternally childlike , obedient and one - dimensional .
Mothers love this package , and teenage girls are hypnotized by her simple songs and pretty hair and propensity for crying on her instruments .
Listen up !
When Beyoncè was Swift ’s age , she was onstage with Destiny ’s Child , proclaiming : “ The house I live in / I ’ve bought it / The car I ’m driving / I ’ve bought it /
All the women who are independent / Throw your hands up at me ! ”
It goes without saying — because , of course , no one wants to say it — that Swift was able to succeed so early ’ cause her family was both supportive & wealthy enough to enable her ambitions .
Swift had dreams , she chased ’em , and she got ’em ; all before puberty !
That ’s not a Cinderella story , that ’s more or less the most awesome childhood of all time .
“ Why does Swift seem , at 20 , a decade younger than 23 - year - old Lady Gaga ?
‘ Cause Taylor is the ingenue : eternally childlike , obedient and one - dimensional . ”
So let ’s stop judging her work on children ’s terms and excusing that giggly self - absorption as a folly of youth .
It ’s annoying .
Never was this bunnyrabbitchild persona more exploited than it was after the VMAs .
If Kanye had snatched that mike from Lady Gaga , she would ’ve snatched it right back , called Kanye an asshole ( he is ) , admitted he was right ( he was ) , and the whole thing would ’ve been done and DONE .
She certainly would n’t have needed — or wanted — the entire country ’s fawning faux - sympathy for months afterward .
Taylor had another chance at the VMA ’s end to prove her maturity by thanking and honoring Beyoncé for calling her back up to speak .
But no , she was just like , “ A ’ight my turn ! ”
Role models are n’t suspended children , trapped by projections and unable to grow until affirmed by an idealized male partner .
Role models grow and change and challenge themselves and are rewarded for exceptionalism , not potential .
Independently .
+
2 . Yes , she writes her own songs ( sorta ) .
And it Shows .
Swift ’s songwriting is as thematically ambitious as a 15 - year - old ’s LiveJournal , which is to say , like a 15 - year - old ’s LiveJournal , it never strives for thematic weight or challenges ideas not already covered by Sweet Valley High or The Children ’s Illustrated Bible .
If Swift ’s work connects with teenage girls , it does so on the most simplistic , reductive territory of all : pining for boys , walking in the rain , kissing in the rain , crying drops of tears on her guitar , driving in trucks with cool boys , wanting boys she can’t have , more rain , more letter - writing , more stalking , more broken hearts , breathing problems as a side - effect of broken hearts , fairytale princess this , white horse that , more pining at the window , more psuedo - stalking , more incomplete hearts yearning for your touch , and one song that misinterprets Shakespeare and The Scarlet Letter so criminally I ’m certain she ’s never read either .
Swift simply has n’t had the life experience and does n’t inherently possess the emotional maturity to create great art .
Which is fine — most young pop stars do n’t , which is why they do n’t win Grammys .
We ’ve decided to break this down for you with a special Autostraddle infographic :
Next Page :
Not only are her songwriting choices almost mind - numbingly safe , but she also covers territory so familiar , it ’s almost a carbon - copy of someone else ’s song !
Pages : 1 2 See entire article on one page
March 31 , 2010 , 1:05 pm by Scott Wheeler
There ’s a post making the rounds on Hacker News about actually mapping the address 0 to make it possible to not crash when dereferencing a null pointer .
The thing is , POSIX provides a more useful mechanism for recovering from null pointer dereferences using signal handlers .
See , signals in UNIX can be caught and you can do things with them .
Let ’s say that we ’ve got an event - driven application and we want to move on to the next event if the handler for one event caused a segfault .
We can do that by catching the SIGSEGV and SIGBUS signals and returning to our event loop to process the next event .
Let ’s look at some code :
#include < stdio.h > # include < signal.h > # include < setjmp.h > # include < string.h > static jmp_buf event_loop_jump ; static void process_event ( int event_id ) { if ( event_id % 10 == 0 ) { /* Boom . */ int * i = 0 ; ++* i ; } else { printf ( " Processed Event : %i
" , event_id ) ; } } static void handler ( int signum ) { printf ( " Caught %s
" , strsignal ( signum ) ) ; longjmp ( event_loop_jump , 1 ) ; } static void run_event_loop ( void ) { int event_id = 0 ; for ( event_id = 1 ; event_id <= 20 ; event_id ++ ) { if ( setjmp ( event_loop_jump ) ) { printf ( " Could n't process event : %i
" , event_id ) ; } else { process_event ( event_id ) ; } } } int main ( void ) { signal ( SIGSEGV , handler ) ; signal ( SIGBUS , handler ) ; run_event_loop ( ) ; return 0 ; } #include < stdio.h > # include < signal.h > # include < setjmp.h > # include < string.h> static jmp_buf event_loop_jump ; static void process_event ( int event_id ) { if ( event_id % 10 == 0 ) { /* Boom . */ int * i = 0 ; ++*i ; } else { printf ( " Processed Event : %i
" , event_id ) ; } } static void handler ( int signum ) { printf ( " Caught %s
" , strsignal ( signum ) ) ; longjmp( event_loop_jump , 1 ) ; } static void run_event_loop ( void ) { int event_id = 0 ; for ( event_id = 1 ; event_id <= 20 ; event_id ++) { if ( setjmp(event_loop_jump ) ) { printf ( " Could n't process event : %i
" , event_id ) ; } else { process_event ( event_id ) ; } } } int main ( void ) { signal ( SIGSEGV , handler ) ; signal ( SIGBUS , handler ) ; run_event_loop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
And that give us :
Processed Event : 1 Processed Event : 2 Processed Event : 3 Processed Event : 4 Processed Event : 5 Processed Event : 6 Processed Event : 7 Processed Event : 8 Processed Event : 9 Caught Bus error Could n't process event : 10 Processed Event : 11 Processed Event : 12 Processed Event : 13 Processed Event : 14 Processed Event : 15 Processed Event : 16 Processed Event : 17 Processed Event : 18 Processed Event : 19 Caught Bus error Could n't process event : 20
What ’s happening , Peter
So , let ’s break that down a bit — we ’ve created a function called handler that matches the signature required for signal handlers .
man signal knows more , or check out the GNU documentation .
In main we specify that we want to use that function to handle SIGSEGV and SIGBUS , the typical things you ’ll be looking at when dereferencing null pointers .
From there we call run_event_loop , whose function should be obvious .
Jump Around
run_event_loop just loops through 20 fake events , but the interesting bit is setjmp .
That saves our stack ( the variables in use , basically ) .
During normal execution it just returns 0 , so we fall through to our process_event call below , which just pretends to handle and event and prints out a message .
We ’ve wired our event handler to blow up once every 10 times .
When it does execution is suspended and we cut over to our signal handler .
Our signal handler , in turn , prints a little message and then breaks out of the signal handler and back into the normal event handling flow with a longjmp call that corresponds to our setjmp from before .
So once we call that we ’re back at our line with the setjmp call , only this time it returns the value that we passed to longjmp — 1 , and since that evaluates to true , we end up printing a message saying that we were n’t able to process the event .
In Context
On the whole this seems far more useful than mapping address zero .
However , There Be Dragons in these waters , and it no doubt opens up a can of worms in terms of what ’s done with static variables in the functions you ’re breaking out of and if they ’re left in a secure state — in other words , this does open up another potential security vector .
I ’ll also note that we do n’t actually do this in any of our stuff at Directed Edge , going for the less exciting , but more predictable process watchers to handle restarts when our C++ engine falls foul of memory protection ( which , blessedly , is a rare occurrence ) .
Update :
For posterity , and based on some of the comments here and on Hacker News , it seems apt to note that this method is n’t being seriously suggested for production code ; the idea behind the post was more as a novelty and a brief exploration in signal handling .
BAGHDAD —U.S. commanders say they are unsure about who is responsible for the persistent violence in Iraq , underscoring the challenge they face trying to keep a lid on it amid parliamentary elections this weekend .
While security has improved significantly across Iraq in recent years , in the weeks leading up to the March 7 vote , U.S. commanders have reported an increase in low - level violence : kidnappings , assassinations , and mortar attacks against Baghdad 's heavily fortified Green Zone , the seat of government power .
And ...
About this Project
The Zooniverse makes citizen science websites that let everyone be part of real research online .
In 2010 they created Moon Zoo to allow volunteers help map the surface of the Moon .
The project was archived in March 2016 .
I was struck today by two postings , from either side of the Atlantic , that come at a similar problem - the disappearance of journalistic staff jobs - from different perspectives and contexts .
Yet , in many ways , their messages are also similar .
One , by media consultant and former TV producer Robin Hamman , outlines a lecture on entrepreneurial journalism that he is about to give to City University students .
The other , by website editor and former Chicago Tribune journalist Lou Carlozo , describes how he coped with being made redundant and built a new career .
Hamman , aware that students cannot be certain of getting a journalism job once they graduate , believes they should be prepared to embrace " the brave new world that is entrepreneurial journalism . "
To that end , he has sketched out his lecture in which he begins by exploring various business models - old , new and imaginary - that aim to extract profit from journalism .
Then he takes up the possibilities of journalists becoming more entrepreneurial , suggesting ways in which funds can be raised and how money can be made .
One key bit of advice : build yourself a brand , whether you sell content or market your skills .
Carlozo , who was laid off a year ago after 16 years on the Tribune , found a new career at AOL where he edits and runs the burgeoning Money College site .
( He has also just completed his first novel ) .
Along the way to a " fabulous " new life , he says he has learned a lot a hard - won lessons .
Among them is a clear belief in the value of taking chances .
He does not mention entrepreneurial journalism as such , but he places great faith in the individual making the most of their skills , outside of what he calls " a privileged - but - stuck life " on a newspaper .
One of his ambitions was " to conceive and create journalism - based websites " .
That , of course , is also Hamman 's message to students who are unlikely ever to enjoy a privileged - but - stuck life in a newsroom .
Anyway , both of these very different pieces are worth reading .
Sources : cybersoc.com/WalletPop
Gender Inequality Salary Gap Widens Between German Men and Women
According to Germany 's Federal Statistical Office , average hourly wages for women in Germany are 23.2 percent lower than they are for men , and the gap is growing .
The European Commission is now demanding that Germany take action .
National Post columnist Andrew Coyne spoke to a crowd at SFU Woodwards on Tuesday , February 25th , on the topic of road pricing to reduce congestion .
His talk was the second in a series entitled Rethinking Transportation presented by TransLink and a number of others ( as listed on the series ’ website ) trying to spur conversations on ideas , analysis and approaches to understanding transportation issues in Metro Vancouver .
Road pricing – a hot topic in Metro Vancouver
In seeking to achieve these goals , Coyne did not disappoint .
He is hardly the first nor likely to be last to describe road pricing as the solution for transportation ills in Vancouver .
In late 2013 , the SFU Centre for Dialogue convened a number of regional dialogues as well as a community summit on the topic .
The reports from the Moving in Metro events ( which I was able to attend ) were released earlier last week .
Writing in the Georgia Straight last week , Daniel Wood made a case for road pricing , illustrating the benefits it has brought to the places that have adopted it , while also highlighting the numerous challenges ( many political ) that would need to be overcome in making it a reality in to Vancouver .
Grappling with congestion
For some of his talk , for those of us privileged to have been following this conversation as it has unfolded thus far , Coyne seemed to be treading familiar ground .
Like most others talking about transit tend to do , the talk started with an illustration of the problem of congestion : the massive amounts of time wasted because of congestion ; the tried and failed attempts to shifting people ’s behaviours away from single - occupancy vehicles ; the almost impossible persuasive task of helping people to understand themselves not only as victims of congestion but , as drivers , simultaneous contributors to it .
He also made the point that the current set - up , rather than rationing the limited supply of a good through the mechanism of a price , was instead rationing it out through the time people were willing to spend either waiting in congestion or waiting in public transit , to seemingly no one ’s ultimate satisfaction or benefit .
“ Yes , driving is subsidized too … ”
On the price of driving , Coyne was similarly probably speaking to the converted .
It has been argued , proven consistently and is generally widely accepted that the price of driving as it stands right now does not currently reflect the costs imposed on society by automobile activity — and that car - centric policies qualify as an effective subsidy on automobile - centric lifestyles ( Coyne described sprawl as the cousin of congestion ) .
He sees mobility pricing as an instrument to not only remove that subsidy but also to use price to more effectively communicate the actual cost of driving , and in so doing , give people the information and incentive to make better choices , such as using non-car alternatives ; or , in the converse , to have a mechanism to pay for uncongested , more reliable roads in an informed fashion .
“ … and transit also should n’t be . ”
Where Coyne veered from previous commentators in this respect was that he applied the same above thinking on prices and subsidies to transit , arguing that a public monopoly on transit was in effect subsidizing it in a way that was skewing or masking the market signals that would spur innovation .
Concerns about equity of access to mobility through public transit , Coyne stated , should be addressed through supplements to income rather than reductions in price .
He voiced a desire for transit operators “ to be up late at night thinking about how to grow ridership ” ( implying that such a thing was n’t happening a present because transit is subsidized and , presumably , leading to complacent public servants ) .
For this reason , he is not in favour of directing road pricing revenues to building better transit systems , preferring schemes that would return these revenues back to the public through rebates or setting up a public trust that would pay dividends to citizens .
Can mobility pricing give us the region we want , from the one we have now ?
The weakest part by far of Coyne ’s proposal is that it has apparently little to say about the streets , cities and towns that already exist in their car - dominated state .
He stated that , were such a scheme put a in place , he expected the housing market would create more density to reduce the requirement of car dependency .
Another weakness , pointed out in a question by Eric Doherty , is that it was clearly aimed at solving congestion and had almost no bearing on the imperative of climate change .
Coyne acknowledged this openly , stating that mobility pricing is an instrument for the specific problem of congestion , but that other problems can and should be addressed by other complementary instruments such as a carbon tax .
Shauna Sylvester from the SFU Centre for Dialogue also raised the question of whether farebox revenues would be adequate to raise the capital funds required for rapid transit projects , to which Coyne responded that they ought to be able to argue the merits of consistent revenue to do the borrowing to get the projects going , much as other public projects in sectors like healthcare do .
On mobility pricing and the referendum
One valuable point Coyne expressed was that mobility pricing has never been rejected in a referendum of users after they have actually experienced it fully implemented .
This is key for those of us in Metro Vancouver watching the almost daily back - and - forths between the TransLink Mayor ’s Council and the BC Provincial Government .
In a very short span of time , mobility pricing has moved off , then back onto , the table of things the Province is open to having be on the ballot for the regional referendum on funding public transit .
The risk of rejecting a solution based on just reading about it , is one that Coyne is helpful to warn us about .
In the end , I left this talk with two main takeaways :
Firstly , that road pricing as a solution has a lot going for it , but it still requires that a significant portion of the public to understand and agree with mobility as something that ’s historically been free that can be improved if it is paid for .
Secondly , that the specifics of Vancouver ’s situation — ranging from some areas of clear , high levels of demand for transit service , and other areas highly dependent on automobiles for mobility marked by infrequent , unreliable or unpleasant transit service — will require a lot of nuancing .
It may be similar to what other cities have faced , but it will certainly require dedication to being thoughtful to how congestion weighs against a whole host of other policy goals , such as livable neighbourhoods , compact development or affordability .
In Coyne ’s talk , I heard the application of economic ideals , but precious few tractable suggestions to work through the concerns about mobility pricing that Metro Vancouver residents have expressed for it to be considered successful .
Additional Resources
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama unveiled plans on Wednesday for a limited expansion of U.S. offshore oil and gas drilling in an effort to win Republican support for new proposals to fight climate change .
Opening up parts of the U.S. Atlantic coast , Alaska and possibly offshore Florida to exploration is Obama ’s latest effort to woo legislators needed to pass a climate bill before mid-term elections in November .
Some senior Republicans in Congress called the drilling announcement a step in the right direction but said Obama did not go far enough .
Environmental groups and some congressional liberals condemned the plan for endangering wildlife and coastal areas merely to give oil companies more profits .
Obama , who needs bipartisan support to pass a bill that would set limits on U.S. greenhouse gas emissions , cautioned that expanding drilling was not a catch - all answer to U.S. energy challenges .
“ Drilling alone ca n’t come close to meeting our long - term energy needs , and for the sake of our planet and our energy independence , we need to begin the transition to cleaner fuels now , ” Obama said at Andrews Air Force Base in nearby Maryland .
“ I know that we can come together to pass comprehensive energy and climate legislation that ’s going to foster new energy -- new industries , create millions of new jobs , protect our planet , and help us become more energy independent . ”
Obama has made energy security and reducing U.S. reliance on foreign oil a key policy goal , and Republican support for drilling -- exemplified by cries of “ drill , baby , drill ! ” at presidential campaign rallies for Republican Senator John McCain in 2008 -- has made offshore exploration a key bargaining chip in trying to get his energy legislation passed .
But Obama ’s proposal came with significant limits .
Energy companies would not be able to drill on the U.S. West Coast or in Northeast waters , but would be able to explore off the Atlantic Coast from Delaware to Florida and 125 miles beyond Florida ’s shore in the eastern Gulf of Mexico .
REPUBLICAN CRITICISM
Republicans said the plan prevented the biggest U.S. offshore energy resources from being developed .
The newest area that energy companies will have access to will be off the Virginia coast in tracts estimated to hold 130 million barrels of oil , which is equal to the amount the U.S. imports over two weeks from all foreign suppliers .
“ Opening up areas off the Virginia coast to offshore production is a positive step , but keeping the Pacific Coast and Alaska , as well as the most promising resources off the Gulf of Mexico , under lock and key makes no sense at a time when gasoline prices are rising and Americans are asking ‘ Where are the jobs ? ’ ” said House of Representatives Republican Leader John Boehner .
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell added : “ Today ’s announcement is a step in the right direction , but a small one that leaves enormous amounts of American energy off limits . ”
For more than 20 years , drilling was banned in most offshore areas of the United States outside the Gulf of Mexico because of concerns that spills could harm the environment .
Congress allowed a prohibition on offshore drilling to expire in 2008 and former President George W. Bush lifted a drilling moratorium that year .
Environmental groups and some lawmakers continue to raise concerns about the impact increased drilling would have on coastal areas .
The administration has been weighing the pros and cons of offshore drilling since it took office and put the brakes on a Bush - era proposal that called for drilling along the U.S. East Coast and off the coast of California .
The Interior Department will conduct the first offshore oil and gas lease sale in the Atlantic Ocean in more than two decades in November 2011 .
The sale cover some 3 million acres in a triangular area 50 miles off the Virginia coast .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said it could be delayed until 2012 to finish environmental reviews .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Obama ’s move potentially opens areas off the Southeast coast to drilling pending public approval and environmental testing , but those areas are less promising than the areas off the West Coast and Northeast he excluded .
Proposed oil and gas leasing in Alaska ’s Bristol Bay will be canceled out of concern for protecting sensitive areas of the Outer Continental Shelf from environmental dangers .
This could affect companies like Royal Dutch Shell , which has expressed interest in the region , as well as ConocoPhillips , BP and Statoil .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
EXXON PLEASED , ENVIRONMENTALISTS NOT
The biggest U.S. offshore oil producers are BP , Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron Corp , according to the U.S. Minerals Management Service .
The biggest natural gas producers are Shell , Anadarko Petroleum and Apache Corp .
Of U.S. domestic production , offshore operations account for 27 percent of oil and 15 percent of natural gas output .
Exxon Mobil , the biggest U.S. oil company , called the announcement a “ meaningful , potential opening ” to more U.S. energy production .
The U.S. Minerals Management Service estimates the mid- and south - U.S. Atlantic coast waters and the Eastern Gulf of Mexico may hold 40.5 trillion cubic feet of gas and nearly 5.8 billion barrels of oil .
All this could be considered for exploration and specific lease areas would be chosen if they receive public approval and pass environmental reviews .
The West Coast , which Obama has also put off limits to drilling , has 10.5 billion barrels of oil and 18 trillion cubic feet of gas .
To put that in context , the United States imports about 2 billion barrels of oil a year from OPEC nations and is expected to import 2.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas from all sources this year , according to the Energy Department .
Environmentalists , who often make up part of Obama ’s left - leaning political base , were not pleased by his plan .
“ While China and Germany are winning the clean energy race , this act furthers America ’s addiction to oil .
Expanding offshore drilling in areas that have been protected for decades threatens our oceans and the coastal communities that depend on them with devastating oil spills , more pollution and climate change , ” said Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford .
My blog has moved !
You should be automatically redirected in 6 seconds .
If not , visit
http://www.pyramidcar.com
and update your bookmarks .
Osama bin Laden Says the Al - Qa'idah Group
had Nothing to Do with the 11 September Attacks Interview published in newspaper Ummat
Karachi , 2001-09 -28
The Al - Qaidah group had nothing to do with the 11 September attacks on the USA , according to Osama bin Ladin in an interview with the Pakistani newspaper Ummat .
Osama bin Ladin went on to suggest that Jews or US secret services were behind the attacks , and to express gratitude and support for Pakistan , urging Pakistan 's people to jihad against the West .
The following is the text of an interview conducted by a " special correspondent " , published in the Pakistani newspaper Ummat on 28 September , place and date of interview not given .
UMMAT : You have been accused of involvement in the attacks in New York and Washington .
What do you want to say about this ?
If you are not involved , who might be ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN :
In the name of Allah ( God ) , the most beneficent , the most merciful .
Praise be to Allah , Who is the creator of the whole universe and Who made the Earth as an abode for peace , for the whole humankind .
Allah is the Sustainer , who sent Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) for our guidance .
I am thankful to the Ummat Group of Publications , which gave me the opportunity to convey my viewpoint to the people , particularly the valiant and momin ( true Muslim ) people of Pakistan who refused to believe the lies of the demon ( Pakistani military dictator General Pervez Musharraf ) .
I have already said that I am not involved in the 11 September attacks in the United States .
As a Muslim , I try my best to avoid telling a lie .
I had no knowledge of these attacks , nor do I consider the killing of innocent women , children and other humans as an appreciable act .
Islam strictly forbids causing harm to innocent women , children and other people .
Such a practice is forbidden even in the course of a battle .
It is the United States , which is perpetrating every maltreatment on women , children and common people of other faiths , particularly the followers of Islam .
All that is going on in Palestine for the last 11 months is sufficient to call the wrath of God upon the United States and Israel .
There is also a warning for those Muslim countries , which witnessed all these as a silent spectator .
What had earlier been done to the innocent people of Iraq , Chechnya and Bosnia ?
Only one conclusion could be derived from the indifference of the United States and the West to these acts of terror and the patronage of the tyrants by these powers that America is an anti-Islamic power and it is patronizing the anti-Islamic forces .
Its friendship with the Muslim countries is just a show , rather deceit .
By enticing or intimidating these countries , the United States is forcing them to play a role of its choice .
Put a glance all around and you will see that the slaves of the United States are either rulers or enemies of Muslims .
The U.S. has no friends , nor does it want to keep any because the prerequisite of friendship is to come to the level of the friend or consider him at par with you .
America does not want to see anyone equal to it .
It expects slavery from others .
Therefore , other countries are either its slaves or subordinates .
However , our case is different .
We have pledged slavery to God Almighty alone and after this pledge there is no possibility to become the slave of someone else .
If we do that it will be disregardful to both our Sustainer and his fellow beings .
Most of the world nations upholding their freedom are the religious ones , which are the enemies of the United States , or the U.S. itself considers them as its enemies .
The countries which do not agree to become the U.S. slaves are China , Iran , Libya , Cuba , Syria [ Afghanistan , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Iraq , Sudan , Indonesia , Malaysia ] and Russia .
Whoever committed the act of 11 September are not the friends of the American people .
I have already said that we are against the American system , not against its people , whereas in these attacks , the common American people have been killed .
According to my information , the death toll is much higher than what the U.S. Government has stated .
But the Bush Administration does not want the panic to spread .
The United States should try to trace the perpetrators of these attacks within itself ; the people who are a part of the U.S. system , but are dissenting against it .
Or those who are working for some other system ; persons who want to make the present century as a century of conflict between Islam and Christianity so that their own civilization , nation , country , or ideology could survive .
They can be anyone , from Russia to Israel and from India to Serbia .
In the U.S. itself , there are dozens of well - organized and well - equipped groups , which are capable of causing a large - scale destruction .
Then you cannot forget the American - Jews , who are annoyed with President Bush ever since the elections in Florida and want to avenge him .
Then there are intelligence agencies in the U.S. , which require billions of dollars worth of funds from the Congress and the government every year .
This [ funding issue ] was not a big problem till the existence of the former Soviet Union but after that the budget of these agencies has been in danger .
They needed an enemy .
So , they first started propaganda against Osama and Taleban and then this incident happened .
You see , the Bush Administration approved a budget of 40 billion dollars .
Where will this huge amount go ?
It will be provided to the same agencies , which need huge funds and want to exert their importance .
Now they will spend the money for their expansion and for increasing their importance .
I will give you an example .
Drug smugglers from all over the world are in contact with the U.S. secret agencies .
These agencies do not want to eradicate narcotics cultivation and trafficking because their importance will be diminished .
The people in the U.S. Drug Enforcement Department are encouraging drug trade so that they could show performance and get millions of dollars worth of budget .
General Noriega was made a drug baron by the CIA and , in need , he was made a scapegoat .
In the same way , whether it is President Bush or any other U.S. President , they cannot bring Israel to justice for its human rights abuses or to hold it accountable for such crimes .
What is this ?
Is it not that there exists a government within the government in the United Sates ?
That secret government must be asked as to who carried out the attacks .
UMMAT : A number of world countries have joined the call of the United States for launching attacks on Afghanistan .
These also include a number of Muslim countries .
Will Al - Qa'idah declare a jihad against these Islamic countries as well ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN : I must say that my duty is just to awaken the Muslims ; to tell them as to what is good for them and what is not .
What does Islam say and what do the enemies of Islam want .
Al - Qa'idah was set up to wage a jihad against infidelity , particularly to counter the onslaught of the infidel countries against the Islamic states .
Jihad is the sixth undeclared pillar of Islam .
[ The first five being the basic holy words of Islam ( " There is no god but God and Muhammad is the messenger of God " ) , prayers , fasting ( in Ramadan ) , pilgrimage to Mecca and giving alms ( zakat ) . ]
Every anti-Islamic person is afraid of jihad .
Al - Qa'idah wants to keep jihad alive and active and make it a part of the daily life of the Muslims .
It wants to give it the status of worship .
We are not against any Islamic country .
We do not consider a war against an Islamic country as jihad .
We are in favour of armed jihad only against those infidel governments , which are killing innocent Muslim men , women and children just because they are Muslims .
Supporting the U.S. act is the need of some Muslim countries and the compulsion of others .
However , they should think as to what will remain of their religious and moral position if they support the attack of the Christians and the Jews on a Muslim country like Afghanistan .
The orders of Islamic Shariah [ jurisprudence ] for such individuals , organizations and countries are clear and all the scholars of the Muslim brotherhood are unanimous on them .
We will do the same , which is being ordered by the Ameer - ul - Momeneen [ the commander of the faithful ] Muhammad Omar [ leader of the Taleban ] and the Islamic scholars .
The hearts of the people of Muslim countries are beating with the call of jihad .
We are grateful to them .
UMMAT : The losses caused in the attacks in New York and Washington have proved that giving an economic blow to the U.S. is not too difficult .
U.S. experts admit that a few more such attacks can bring down the American economy .
Why is Al - Qa'idah not targeting their economic pillars ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN : I have already said that we are not hostile to the United States .
We are against the [ U.S. Government ] system , which makes other nations slaves of the United States , or forces them to mortgage their political and economic freedom .
This system is totally in the control of the American Jews , whose first priority is Israel , not the United States .
It is clear that the American people are themselves the slaves of the Jews and are forced to live according to the principles and laws laid down by them .
So the punishment should reach Israel .
In fact , it is Israel , which is giving a blood bath to innocent Muslims and the U.S. is not uttering a single word .
UMMAT : Why is harm not caused to the enemies of Islam through other means , apart from the armed struggle ?
For instance , urging the Muslims to boycott Western products , banks , shipping lines and TV channels .
OSAMA BIN LADEN :
The first thing is that Western products could only be boycotted when the Muslim fraternity is fully awakened and organized .
Secondly , the Muslim companies should become self - sufficient in producing goods equal to the products of Western companies .
Economic boycott of the West is not possible unless economic self - sufficiency is attained and substitute products are brought out .
You see that wealth is scattered all across the Muslim World but not a single TV channel has been acquired which can preach Islamic injunctions according to modern requirements and attain an international influence .
Muslim traders and philanthropists should make it a point that if the weapon of public opinion is to be used , it is to be kept in the hand .
Today 's world is of public opinion and the fates of nations are determined through its pressure .
Once the tools for building public opinion are obtained , everything that you asked for can be done .
UMMAT : The entire propaganda about your struggle has so far been made by the Western media .
But no information is being received from your sources about the network of Al - Qa'idah and its jihadi successes .
Would you comment ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN :
In fact , the Western media is left with nothing else .
It has no other theme to survive for a long time .
Then we have many other things to do .
The struggle for jihad and the successes are for the sake of Allah and not to annoy His bondsmen .
Our silence is our real propaganda .
Rejections , explanations , or corrigendum only waste your time and through them , the enemy wants you to engage in things which are not of use to you .
These things are pulling you away from your cause .
The Western media is unleashing such a baseless propaganda , which makes us surprise but it reflects on what is in their hearts and gradually they themselves become captive of this propaganda .
They become afraid of it and begin to cause harm to themselves .
Terror is the most dreaded weapon in modern age and the Western media is mercilessly using it against its own people .
It can add fear and helplessness in the psyche of the people of Europe and the United States .
It means that what the enemies of the United States cannot do , its media is doing that .
You can understand as to what will be the performance of the nation in a war , which suffers from fear and helplessness .
UMMAT : What will be the impact of the freeze of Al - Qa'idah accounts by the U.S. ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN : God opens up ways for those who work for Him .
Freezing of accounts will not make any difference for Al - Qa'idah or other jihad groups .
With the grace of Allah , Al - Qa'idah has more than three alternative financial systems , which are all separate and totally independent from each other .
This system is operating under the patronage of those who love jihad .
What to say of the United States , even the combined world cannot budge these people from their path .
These people are not in hundreds but in thousands and millions .
Al - Qa'idah comprises of such modern educated youths who are aware of the cracks inside the Western financial system as they are aware of the lines in their hands .
These are the very flaws of the Western fiscal system , which are becoming a noose for it and this system could not recuperate in spite of the passage of so many days .
UMMAT : Are there other safe areas other than Afghanistan , where you can continue jihad ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN :
There are areas in all parts of the world where strong jihadi forces are present , from Indonesia to Algeria , from Kabul to Chechnya , from Bosnia to Sudan , and from Burma to Kashmir .
Then it is not the problem of my person .
I am a helpless fellowman of God , constantly in the fear of my accountability before God .
It is not the question of Osama but of Islam and , in Islam too , of jihad .
Thanks to God , those waging a jihad can walk today with their heads raised .
Jihad was still present when there was no Osama and it will remain as such even when Osama is no longer there .
Allah opens up ways and creates loves in the hearts of people for those who walk on the path of Allah with their lives , property and children .
Believe it , through jihad , a man gets everything he desires .
And the biggest desire of a Muslim is the life after death .
Martyrdom is the shortest way of attaining an eternal life .
UMMAT : What do you say about the Pakistan Government policy on Afghanistan attack ?
OSAMA BIN LADEN :
We are thankful to the Momin and valiant people of Pakistan who erected a blockade in front of the evil forces and stood in the first file of battle .
Pakistan is a great hope for the Islamic brotherhood .
Its people are awakened , organized and rich in the spirit of faith .
They backed Afghanistan in its war against the Soviet Union and extended every help to the mojahedeen ( freedom fighters ) and the Afghan people .
Then these are very Pakistanis who are standing shoulder by shoulder with the Taleban .
If such people emerge in just two countries , the domination of the West will diminish in a matter of days .
Our hearts beat with Pakistan and , God forbid , if a difficult time comes we will protect it with our blood .
Pakistan is sacred for us like a place of worship .
We are the people of jihad and fighting for the defense of Pakistan is the best of all jihads to us .
It does not matter for us as to who reforms Pakistan .
The important thing is that the spirit of jihad is alive and stronger in the hearts of the Pakistani people .
Openness , like democracy , must be constantly defended , says Bill Thompson .
Amazon 's Jeff Bezos unveiled the Kindle to much interest
In the last few days we have seen two skirmishes in a war that could define the future shape of the internet and may even have some impact on those societies that are predicated on fast and reliable access to the network and its many affordances .
On 29 January , Amazon , the dominant online retailer for books and many other products , expressed its unhappiness with objections that publisher Macmillan had made to a proposed change in e-book pricing by de-listing all Macmillan stock and removing it from its indexes .
After two days during which authors , readers and almost the entire blogosphere condemned it for its high - handed action Amazon ceded defeat in a blog post from the Kindle team , in which it tried to blame Macmillan for the fight and put the books back on sale .
It will count the cost in lost goodwill , but more importantly it has now revealed its hand to other publishers who will use this evidence of lack of strategic thinking and corporate weakness to pursue their own behind - the - scenes negotiations with renewed vigour .
At the same time , Apple and Adobe are engaged in the online equivalent of all - out war over the lack of support for Adobe Flash in the iPhone operating system , a dispute which escalated significantly when the iPad tablet computer was launched without Flash support .
Two fronts Apple claims that Flash is responsible for more crash reports from Mac OS X , which does support it , than any other application .
Adobe says
Apple is foolishly failing to support a de facto standard for rich media content and depriving its customers of access to many vital websites .
I will not go gladly into a locked - down world
Bill Thompson
Apple believes that new web standards like HTML5 and H.264 video will gradually make Flash unnecessary , and in the meantime iPhone users live without it .
The e-commentariat has waded in to both issues with alacrity .
The Amazon / Macmillan dispute has attracted the attention of writers like Charlie Stross , who wrote that " Amazon , in declaring war on Macmillan in this underhand way , have screwed me , and I tend to take that personally , because they did n't need to do that " .
The Apple / Adobe spat appeals more to technically - oriented commentators like John Gruber who said : " I 'm not arguing that Apple 's apparent executive - level antipathy toward Flash is about anything other than Apple 's own interests
But while Apple may be acting spitefully , they 're not spiting themselves " .
Like two fronts in a major conflict the disputes are linked , in this case by Apple 's newly announced iPad which lacks Flash support and offers , in the iBook store , direct competition to Amazon 's e-book division .
Public interest Neither adversary in the current disputes clearly has right on its side .
Are closed systems the opium of the people ?
Adobe would close off the web to non-Flash content if they could , while Apple and Amazon both argue that they are acting in the interests of the wider internet - used , tablet - toting , ebook - reading public .
As for Macmillan , as Cory Doctorow notes on the BoingBoing blog , it wants to charge higher prices for e-books instead of fighting Amazon over an issue that matters far more for the future of publishing such as demanding " that Amazon , Apple , B&N , and all the other e-book readers allow for interoperability and remove contracts that undo centuries ' worth of book - ownership norms " .
At the heart of this and many other fights lies an attempt to limit the ways in which the network and the computers connected to it can be used , and to do so in ways that serve the interests of corporations .
These interests may sometimes be aligned with those of the wider public , but that alignment is conditional and contingent and cannot be relied upon , which is why it must always be challenged .
High priests
One hundred and fifty years ago Karl Marx argued that religion was " the opium of the people " , keeping the masses at bay with a promise of a better world to come .
Today the promised antidote to critical thinking is provided by closed systems , locked - down technologies and wholly - owned supply chains , which make life easier by removing our freedoms .
Apple and Amazon , like the priests of Marx 's day , no doubt sincerely believe that the world they would build if given free rein would be better than the chaos that always seems to come with democracy , openness and freedom of choice , but they are wrong and will always be wrong .
I buy from Amazon , and use Apple kit , because both companies do some things extremely well and in some areas they are clearly superior to the competition , but I will not go gladly into a locked - down world .
Just as we must work to retain our democratic forms of government in the face of adversity , so we must constantly be alert for those who would remove open systems in the name of efficiency and effectiveness .
Bill Thompson is an independent journalist and regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Digital Planet .
He is currently working with the BBC on its archive project .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aamir Siddiqi died after being stabbed at a Cardiff house Police investigating the murder of 17 - year - old Aamir Siddiqi say they have arrested a third man .
The 36 - year - old was arrested in Roath , Cardiff , at around 1220 BST on suspicion of murder and the attempted murder of Aamir 's parents .
Det Ch Supt Stuart McKenzie said : " We continue to make significant progress in this investigation . "
Two men , aged 39 and 35 , arrested on Wednesday remain in custody as police continued their appeal for witnesses .
Det Ch Supt McKenzie , senior investigating officer , said : " Despite this progress , and the third arrest , we are still very much appealing for information .
" There are still people out there with information on this brutal murder and my message to them is simple - please come forward for Aamir , for his family and to ensure justice is done . "
' Respected and missed ' Ch Supt Bob Tooby , divisional commander for Cardiff , added : " A football match held yesterday evening in honour of Aamir was extremely well - attended which shows how loved , respected and missed he is by family , friends , and the wider community .
" My sincere thanks to all those who have already spoken to officers - the support we are having from the community is fantastic and is very much appreciated .
Please keep the information coming into the incident room . "
South Wales Police earlier sealed off a takeaway restaurant in Cardiff while they search a flat above .
Forensic officers in white suits started the search of flats above the Capital Takeaway in Caroline Street .
Aamir was killed after being stabbed at his home in the Roath area of the city on Sunday .
Police are appealing for anyone with information on the murder of Aamir Siddiqi to contact the incident room at Cardiff Central Police Station on 02920 571530 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A soldier acquitted of three murders more than 20 years ago in civilian court was convicted by a military jury on Thursday because of DNA tests that were not available in the earlier trial .
The soldier , Master Sgt. Timothy B. Hennis , 52 , had been recalled to active service specifically to face the military court at Fort Bragg , N.C .
He had initially been convicted of raping and murdering Kathryn Eastburn and killing her two young daughters in 1985 in Fayetteville , N.C. But the North Carolina Supreme Court called for a retrial , saying the testimony had been weak .
That second trial , in 1989 , ended in acquittal .
In the years since then , DNA identification technology improved , and a subsequent test linked Mr. Hennis to Ms. Eastburn ’s body .
Mr. Hennis could not be tried again in state court under rules of double jeopardy , but could be tried by a military jury for the crime , which occurred while he was stationed at Fort Bragg .
Over the past decade , the music industry was roundly criticized for how it responded to the proliferation of digital content — launching hundreds of lawsuits against otherwise law - abiding consumers who downloaded music .
Although many companies have backed off from that approach , the challenge remains to find a business model for digital music .
If songs can be downloaded and traded for free , how do the musicians , recording engineers and record company executives get paid ?
Jim Griffin , working as an advisor to Warner Music Group , has a plan to find an answer .
At the recent Supernova conference in San Francisco , Griffin — who spoke on a panel titled , “ Is There a Media Business ? ” — characterized the music industry ’s conundrum as “ Tarzan economics ” :
“ We cling to this vine that keeps us off the jungle floor .
Yet , at the same time , we swing for the next vine , because we want to be propelled forward .
The trick is figuring out when to let go of that old vine and when to embrace that new vine . ”
Griffin points out that the problem is particularly pronounced for those for whom the “ old vine ” is still profitable and who have a “ responsibility to continue to book that revenue . ”
Griffin , however , is looking for the next “ vine ” by working with the music industry to explore new revenue models for the digital world .
Starting this year , he is partnering with a number of universities to experiment with business models that allow students to download and share music , while finding a way to remunerate the artists who create that music .
The initiative , dubbed “ Choruss , ” was started by Warner Music Group and seeks to become an industry - wide consortium of artists and recording companies whose goal is to develop a system of “ collective monetization , ” a means of generating revenues in a way that acknowledges the current state of affairs where music is easily traded online .
Knowledge@Wharton spoke with Griffin following his panel presentation to learn more about Choruss and how it might change the way music is distributed and monetized .
An edited version of that conversation follows .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What is your role at Warner Music Group , and how is it related to Choruss ?
Jim Griffin : Warner owns Choruss ; it incubated Choruss .
Choruss is now becoming an independent company with Warner still involved .
[ Warner Music Group CEO ]
Edgar Bronfman saw the wisdom of a shift from product to service , and [ thought ] : “ Yes , I will incubate that here at the company .
You can start with our content and then seek to bring others in . ”
We are looking at a transition from product to service , where that service requires a kind of aggregation that has occurred in the past in the music business .
In some ways it predates the music business itself .
It started in 1847 in Paris — at the Ambassadors [ Les Ambassadeurs ] restaurant on the Champs - Élysées .
A famous composer , [ Earnest ]
Bourget , went to dinner and heard his music being played by the orchestra .
He left without paying for his meal because he said , “ They ’re not paying me for the music I wrote , so why should I pay them for the food that they gave me ? ”
He goes to court and the judge says , “ You have to pay for the meal , but they have to pay you for the music , too .
But good luck getting paid .
What do you want ?
Do you want every restaurant , every place that needs your music to contact you ?
How are you going to get paid in this new world ? ”
At that same time and place , Victor Hugo and Henri de Balzac had a law passed that said that you could n’t read their books aloud in public without paying them .
They had this mutual interest :
How do we get paid in a world where our works are distributed widely — [ in a ] restaurant or a hotel lobby or whatever ?
They formed the first collective for musicians and writers , what became known as SACEM [ Société des auteurs , compositeurs et éditeurs de musique ] .
The concept spread out of France to Canada to the French - speaking territories and then to the United States in the form of ASCAP [ American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ] , BMI [ Broadcast Music , Inc. ] , and SESAC [ originally , Society of European Stage Authors and Composers , although its current focus is broader ] .
It is a notion that we call “ collective monetization ” or “ collective licensing . ”
And it has played a key role in the monetization of music over hundreds of years .
Knowledge@Wharton : Given all this history , why are we in such dire straits now ?
Why have n’t we worked this out ?
Griffin : Humorous , is n’t it ?
It ’s because what intervened was a product business in music — the idea that you could put music on a piece of plastic or a piece of vinyl .
The service promoted the product , and everybody was happy .
Now we are beginning to realize that music — the product — exists only for a blip in time .
It ’s not [ now ] the dominant way that we get music .
And yet it was how we monetized music for quite a time .
Now we get back to the notion that music is a service , not necessarily a product .
And its financial value can be measured as the quantity and the quality of the crowd it draws .
That leads us back to the idea of :
How then do we collectively monetize music ?
Knowledge@Wharton : How is Choruss going to provide a solution to this ?
Griffin : Choruss is that very notion of a collective monetization society — much like that first one , SASEM .
Music ’s mindshare has never been higher .
It ’s not a buggy whip situation — it ’s not like we do n’t need it anymore .
Music is present in almost every place we go .
It still has an enormous value in keeping people in a restaurant ordering more drinks and getting more food , keeping them aggregated in hotel lobbies , drawing them to cable channels and websites .
[ Music ] is more relevant than it has ever been .
Its mindshare has never been higher .
But its market share has never been lower .
That is a result of a transition I call Tarzan economics , a clinging to this vine of product but knowing that service really is the value .
How do we fully realize the service value where there is , by its very nature , an aggregation occurring ?
Knowledge@Wharton :
You mentioned BMI and ASCAP , which are organizations that handle royalties for the publishing rights of music for songwriters .
Griffin : Yes .
ASCAP , BMI , and SESAC only collect for the performance of music , not its recording .
Knowledge@Wharton : Should we think about Choruss as an attempt to provide a similar model for recorded music ?
Griffin : Very much so .
You should see it as sound recording companies learning to act more like music publishers — realizing that the financial value may not be fully represented in a manufacturing operation that controls the quantity and destiny of music , but instead in the economic value that music brings to any activity .
It is an interesting conundrum that today , if a sound recording plays on the radio , in a hotel lobby or in a restaurant in the United States , the songwriter gets compensated , but the sound recording owner does not .
Yet without that sound recording there is nothing to pay the songwriter for .
Knowledge@Wharton :
The examples you have chosen — of music played in a hotel lobby or a restaurant — are , in a sense , easy ones .
The greater concern is about music downloaded over Limewire or BitTorrent .
Are you hoping to cover that as well through this model ?
Griffin :
Yes , that is precisely our goal :
To evolve , over a period of time , a model that works for performance and extend that to what were traditionally products on the ‘ Net .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What might this look like ?
Can you make this a little more concrete ?
Griffin : Sure .
In fact , we are working on those very experiments right now .
There are a half a dozen schools that are conducting Choruss - related experiments that seek to uncover the degree to which this model can be extended to the downloading of music .
They are experimenting with different approaches .
But let ’s take the prime example — peered sharing of music — because we know that music fans love to share music .
Here we take peer - to - peer sharing of music and we put a flat fee price with unlimited access .
We take those flat fees and we put them into a pool and then divide those pools based upon metrics that are derived from the use on the network .
[ The metrics ] might be : how often a song is acquired or how often a song is played .
No one is sure .
This is an art , not a science .
Knowledge@Wharton :
How would you know how often the song is played ?
Griffin :
You could [ survey ] a representative group .
Or you could ask them if they would agree to be monitored for a time — à la Nielsen or Arbitron — the same way we do it for radio or television .
While it ’s imperfect , it is a metric that works .
It is good enough for commerce .
We have a very robust advertising economy that moves on what people say they watch or listen to .
It ’s good enough .
We bring that same approach to the downloading and the sharing of music in some of our experiments .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Do the experiments that are underway at the universities include only Warner content ?
Griffin : No .
We ’ve asked all artists to participate .
The other record companies are participating — and publishers and songwriters as well .
The idea is to test the notion that you can pay for music as a service and that money can be pooled and divvied up in much the same that we do with cable [ TV ] , for example .
Knowledge@Wharton :
One can see how this might work in a university where , like your cable TV example , there is some control over the distribution network .
But in the case of the global peer - to - peer networks , you do n’t control the distribution point .
Griffin :
But you need n’t .
There is no control necessary under this model .
All one needs is the payment of a fee and some metric for its delivery to continue to incent the creation of content .
Knowledge@Wharton :
How does the payment of a fee happen ?
Who pays ?
Griffin :
In this case it is a voluntary decision that an individual makes :
Do I wish to participate in this system ?
They are then given an account and a password to trade all of the music they want , knowing that the activity is legitimate , that they have paid a fee for doing so , and that the fee will be allocated to those who own the rights for that content .
Knowledge@Wharton :
This would be opt-in ?
Griffin : Sure .
Like cable .
You get to decide :
Do you want to subscribe to HBO ?
And when you do , the same thing that happens — your money goes into a pool that is used to pay for rights .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Yet , in the case of music downloading , there is an embedded culture of free music sharing .
Griffin : Sure — because there is no legitimate alternative .
In other words , the point is : Can we get at the motive for piracy without worrying about its mechanism ?
Traditionally the way of dealing with piracy has been to attack the mechanism .
Here , there is an acknowledgement that technology not only has made it voluntary to pay for music , but that every year it is going to be more voluntary .
If we reach that understanding — that , as a technical matter , it is voluntary to pay — then our question becomes :
How can we deal with the motive for piracy ?
There I think the response is a business response .
It is not the law .
It is not technology .
Traditionally our approaches have been law and technology and they have proven to be clumsy and blunt tools indeed .
The point is : Can we make a business deal with an end user that makes it more attractive to pay ?
Can we give them a better service than piracy can give them ?
Can it be faster ?
Can the files be better quality ?
Is there a price that you are willing to pay for that ?
We are experimenting with that very question .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Is a payment scheme part of the experiments you ’re now launching ?
Griffin : Yes , absolutely .
They have to pay .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Who pays : the university or the individual students ?
Griffin :
The individual has to pay .
You would n’t be learning much in an experiment if someone else was paying for your music .
Everybody would be for it , right ?
That would n’t be a good test .
Knowledge@Wharton :
You have not identified the universities that are participating — is that right ?
Griffin : Right .
For right now they have asked for their academic privacy .
We do n’t ask them to stay private — it is up to them .
[ Because ] students are involved and it is an experiment that they are running , [ the schools ] ask us not to give out their names .
But if they want to , that ’s fine … .
They are designing their programs now .
It takes time .
What we have done is empowered them to search for a solution around collective licensing because this is something that they can only do when the licensing is being handled by someone else , because it is very difficult for them to get together and to license music .
Knowledge@Wharton :
At this stage , you do n’t know things like what percentage of students are opting in ?
Griffin : Do n’t know yet .
[ The programs have n’t ] started [ as of the date of this interview ] .
I did say publicly — and I stand by it — that tens of thousands of students have indicated their willingness to pay because their school has come to us and said , “ Look .
We are willing to pay on behalf of all the students . ”
And we have said , “ Well , you ca n’t pay on their behalf , but if you can collect money from them individually — that is fine . ”
Those schools have come to us and said , “ We are willing to pay for everyone on our campus to get all the music they want . ”
It ’s important to be point out in this debate is that students are willing to pay and groups of students are coming forward to say , “ We are willing to pay en masse . ”
Knowledge@Wharton :
Since you brought up your critics — you do have some .
Griffin : Oh , absolutely .
I value that .
I think it ’s wonderful .
There are lots of critics .
But they are not critics of what we are doing because they do n’t know what we are doing .
It enrages them that they do n’t know .
Knowledge@Wharton :
In fact , that is one of the criticisms : that you ’re working in secret and you then evade specifics by saying , “ It ’s just an experiment . ”
Griffin :
But we ’re dealing with schools .
We did n’t come in with this attitude .
The schools took us aside and said , “ If want to work with schools , you have to respect academic privacy . ”
Knowledge@Wharton :
Once the experiment is underway can you — will you — talk about the aggregate outcomes and what revenue models seem to work ?
Griffin : Absolutely .
It is up to those schools , because it is their results .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Some of your critics refer to what you ’re proposing as a “ tax ” on music downloads
Griffin :
That is ridiculous .
They say it because when we first started talking about Choruss , Wired magazine called it a tax .
The assumption was that we would require everyone to pay .
Whenever you discuss compulsory licensing or collective licensing , some people think that it is going to be required .
There is a huge difference between requiring artists to be involved and requiring people to pay .
And we are not dealing with compulsory licenses — it is voluntary both on the part of the rights holder and on the part of the student .
But when you simply enter into a discussion around compulsory licensing there is the belief that it is somehow going to be mandatory for the rights holder , or the musician , or the individual to pay .
In our case that ’s not true .
We do n’t require any student to pay .
And we do n’t require any artist to be in .
Some countries do use compulsory licensing .
And there are some compulsory licenses in the United States — for example , for webcasters .
Every artist has to permit their music to be used by a webcaster .
They do n’t get to decide .
The government has adjudged that if you have released music commercially it can be used by a webcaster .
That is a compulsory license .
By no means does it require every webcaster to pay in that fashion .
They could reach their own licensing agreements .
And neither does it require individuals to pay webcasters .
But it is compulsory upon the artists to permit their music to be used in that fashion .
And so it is easy to see how the debate gets lost and then someone says , “ Oh , if it is a compulsory license then I am going to be compelled to pay . ”
That certainly does n’t follow , but I see the misunderstanding .
What could be a tax about Choruss when the individual gets to decide if they pay and the artist gets to decide if they are in ?
That ca n’t be a tax , right ?
But in a headline it makes people read an article .
If you say “ music tax , ” you will get a lot more hits on your article than if you say they are thinking deeply about how to get music paid for .
Knowledge@Wharton :
If all goes well with your experiments , describe the situation in five or ten years in the future .
Griffin :
They have already turned out well .
This is not just a test of how the market perceives music .
It ’s also a test of how rights holders come together to make that possible .
And that behind the scenes work has been going on for two years , and we are learning a great deal about it .
Let me give you an example of the things we have learned .
When we started this experiment we were thinking about premises licensing .
ASCAP , BMI and SESAC license premises or a radio station .
They say to a restaurant or a radio station , “ You can use our collection of songs . ”
Our thinking was , okay , we could go to [ an institution ’s computer ] network — like we go to a pub or a radio station — and say , “ On your network you can use the following collection of music in any way you like for your users . ”
We started talking to students and they said , “ I do n’t want my music service to stop at my network ’s borders . ”
We realized that 80 % of the students live off campus .
They have jobs off campus .
They go home over the holidays .
They do n’t want their music service to stop at their network ’s borders .
Their music service needs to traverse network borders .
We immediately changed our thinking .
We learned right away that monetizing networks is n’t the point .
Networks may be the locus of the activity , but it is certainly not the solution in terms of monetizing the activity .
That is an example of learning that immediately gripped [ us ] to say : Okay , it ’s not about monetizing a network .
It is about creating a service that is monetized .
That service can traverse networks .
Another example was :
Some rights holders were very clear with us that they felt that in the future music money like this should be allocated on plays .
They did n’t come to us with a degree of moral certitude , but they said , “ We would like for you to experiment around new metrics for the allocation of the money that is collected . ”
In a retail world , let ’s say , you and I buy two records .
One of those records we play a lot .
And the other record we play not at all — we did n’t like it .
Those artists got paid the same .
Maybe in a future digital world the artist who gets played more should get paid more .
Maybe .
That is part of our learning .
How does one figure that out ?
How do you know which music is played most often ?
Knowledge@Wharton :
How do you know how often a song gets played in a way that ’s not intrusive to the user ?
Griffin : I think most people do n’t feel intruded upon by , say , Arbitron or Nielsen .
Some people do .
But I think when people get that diary in the mail along with the buck they honestly want to figure it out .
While those ratings are flawed — and inherently so — they are good enough for commerce .
We have an industry that rewards some performers better , some disc jockeys better , some announcers better , some networks better — because they have a better quality or quantity of crowd .
So we do use those imperfect measures a lot .
Knowledge@Wharton :
So some of your models are looking at differential payment of artists ?
Griffin : Yes .
Knowledge@Wharton :
But you are looking at a flat rate payment from the consumer — whether downloading one song or a thousand in a month ?
Griffin :
We are experimenting [ both ways ] .
Because it may be that in some cases you would prefer to buy a niche as opposed to everything .
You might say , “ Jim , I ’m a jazz fan .
I do n’t want to pay for polka music . ”
It may be that it is a more attractive offering to you to have a flat fee within a niche or a genre .
We are not opposed to that .
We simply want to learn what you want .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What is the incentive for the user — the student in this case — to opt in , other than the idea of doing the right thing ?
Griffin :
That is always going to be one of them .
And a better service .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Are you also offering to get them out from under the threat of litigation ?
Griffin : For us , that has nothing to do with it .
In fact , I hope that ’s not a factor because I do n’t think they are suing people any more .
And I certainly do n’t think that ’s [ happening ] on college campuses the way it used to .
I do n’t know because I ’m not involved with that part .
And we never were .
Some people say , “ Oh , well , this is the quid pro quo for that ” – which is not accurate .
Because we were doing this before they made any decisions with regard to that .
Of course , that has to be a backdrop , yet it ’s not interesting to us because we are interested in what persuades people to pay — not what compels them to do so .
We think about how can we make the service better ?
We have a critical issue that is those who offer all music can do so because they license no music .
In other words , piracy is one of the factors we are competing with .
We think we are competing more with a limited clock and a limited wallet .
We do n’t think our competition is pirates even though they are part of the competition .
The biggest part of the competition is that there are other things for you to spend your money on and other ways for you to spend your time on other than music .
And while music might be a part of your spending your time — there is music in video games and in movies .
When I was a kid there were no cell phones , so I was n’t spending money on cell phones .
I was n’t spending money on network services or electronic games .
How do we compete for that share of the wallet that we used to have ?
How do we get your attention and have you spend the time on your limited clock listening to music and paying for music ?
And then , of course , there is piracy .
And so we think of that as a holistic problem , and we think , “ How can we make it a better experience ? ” I spend a lot of time [ on piratical networks ] because I ’m really interested in what people do and what they use — I have found that my experience is less than satisfying .
Knowledge@Wharton : Does the RIAA know about this ?
[ Laughs . ]
Griffin : Sure they do !
And I think to their credit they are beginning to learn in checking that out , too .
Peered networks have a real advantage in their distribution of music — because it can arrive faster .
It could be that it ’s the person in the dorm room a floor below you that has the song you are looking for .
And it will arrive faster if we pair you with that individual than if we sent it to you from a centralized server .
And you want fast .
You want efficient .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What do you think is the likelihood that all these pieces will come together and we will get to a point where artists get their fair share of the payment , and users can download any song they want for a modest fee ?
Griffin : I think it is inevitable .
The question is “ When ? ”
We do it now for radio and for television .
We do it for pub owners .
It does work .
They can play any music they want and they are not considered pirates or thieves .
It is a shift for rights holders to think in this new way .
But for users the shift has already occurred .
They already get access to all the music they want .
They already get to use it with great facility .
And I think they are willing to pay , but we have n’t offered them the kind of model that is attractive to them .
No one has ever offered an unlimited download , unlimited access model , with one flat fee without any DRM , without any controls at all .
They ’ve never been offered the thing that they are most likely to want to use .
WASHINGTON — Does a “ gasoline - powered alarm clock ” qualify for the EnergyStar label , the government stamp of approval for an energy - saving product ?
Like more than a dozen other bogus products submitted for approval since last June by Congressional auditors posing as companies , it easily secured the label , according to a Congressional report to be issued Friday .
So did an “ air purifier ” that was essentially an electric space heater with a feather duster pasted on top , the Government Accountability Office said .
In a nine - month study , four fictitious companies invented by the accountability office also sought EnergyStar status for some conventional devices like dehumidifiers and heat pump models that existed only on paper .
The fake companies submitted data indicating that the models consumed 20 percent less energy than even the most efficient ones on the market .
Yet those applications were mostly approved without a challenge or even questions , the report said .
Auditors concluded that the EnergyStar program was highly vulnerable to fraud .
Maria Vargas , an official with the Environmental Protection Agency , which runs the program with the Energy Department , said the approvals did not pose a problem for consumers because the products never existed .
There was “ no fraud , ” Ms. Vargas emphasized .
She said she doubted that many of the 40,000 genuine products with EnergyStar status had been mislabeled .
We 're having a Seafood Boil !!!
Seafood Boil -
You 've maybe heard it called many names - Frogmore Stew , Beaufort Stew , Lowcountry boil , Louisiana Crawfish boil or a tidewater boil .
Here 's my Seafood and Veggies all prepped and ready to go Traditionally , you 'll find them in places like Louisiana , South Carolina and New England as well as some other coastal States that focus on their regional seafood and side dishes .
There is no written rule as to what goes into the pot but most will agree that it should be seasoned well .
A " Boilmaster " usually will not divulge their secret ingredient and every one has a different one !
I think the key is to add what you like as it all seems to work out !
The first time I seen this type of dining I was kind of looking and thinking … hmmmm , look ’s like we ’re going to be eating on Newspaper ?
Well , turns out it ’s a fun and great way to entertain if you have a large group to feed .
Other than how good this tastes , the best thing is the Cleanup !
After everybody is done , you just throw all your shells / corn cobs etc into the middle of the newspaper and wrap up the ends and just throw it in the trash !
Line your table with plastic if it is porous and your concerned it will absorb the juices .
Another Variation of Seafood used
The thing that takes the time here is the preparation of your vegetables and cleaning the shellfish .
Other than that , it ’s so easy .
I get everything prepped before Guests arrive and it ’s just a matter of throwing everything into a pot !
When I say that I ’m just going to “ throw dinner on the table " I really mean it !
hehe Everything all prepped and put in the refrigerator
This is just one variation I make .
The ingredients are approximate and it's always a good idea to test the spices before adding your shellfish .
You can also add beer to this recipe if you choose to .
• Old Bay Seasoning or Cajun seasoning or Zatarains spice bags ( 4 ) – ( about 1 1/2 cups )
• 4 pounds medium sized new potatoes scrubbed and left whole
• 10 ears fresh corn , husks and silks removed ( broken in half )
• 3 lemons cut in half
• 3 whole medium onions with skin removed
• A small handful of Garlic Cloves
• 3 ( 16 ounce ) packages cooked kielbasa sausage , cut into 1 1/ 2 inch pieces
• 4 pounds whole crab , broken into pieces ( I use King but Snow or Queen is good too )
• 4 pounds fresh shrimp , peeled and deveined
• 3 dozen middleneck clams
• 3 dozen mussels
• Serves about 10 - 12
Heat a very large pot of water over an outdoor cooker , or medium - high heat indoors .
Sometimes I do n’t have a pot large enough , so I will split the recipe into 2 .
I 've also heard of people using a Turkey fryer which would work well .
1 . Add Old Bay or Cajun Seasoning to taste , and bring to a boil .
2 . Add the onions , lemons , garlic , and simmer for about 10 minutes .
3 . Add the potatoes and sausage , and simmer for about 10 minutes .
4 . Add the corn cook for another 5 minutes .
5 . Add the crab / shrimp / clams , bring back to a boil and cook for 5 minutes 6 .
Add the mussels last when everything else is almost done and cook for another 3 minutes or until opened .
Try not to boil too hard or your potatoes will fall apart .
Turn off the heat and let it sit for a 5 minutes .
Drain off the water or scoop everything out with a large paddle type ladle and put it in a container to transport it to the table - Pour it all out onto your newspaper covered table and shock your guests !
Grab a paper plate and a cold beer or glass of wine and Dig in !
It 's really hard not to eat too much of this .
Be ready to loosen your belt !
You certainly do n't need too much with this , but I ’ll usually serve a nice green salad ( or Caesar Salad ) , some Garlic Bread , and we ’re ready to go !
Enjoy !
* Govt bond spreads jump to 463 bps , new euro record
* Bank stocks down over 7 pct , shed 50 pct in debt crisis
* Fitch says time for govt to ask for EU / IMF help
* Germany says safety net still last resort ( Adds euro zone leaders expected to discuss lifeline )
By Ingrid Melander and Harry Papachristou
ATHENS , April 8 ( Reuters ) - Markets pounded Greek bonds and banking stocks on Thursday , driving the debt - stricken euro zone member ’s borrowing costs to new highs and pushing it closer to tapping a last resort EU / IMF safety net .
The government struggled to reassure markets it can stay solvent after the premium investors demand to buy Greek rather than the benchmark German government debt surged for the third day in a row to a record high since Greece joined the euro .
But scepticism at a dearth of details surrounding a proposed European Union and International Monetary Fund lifeline continued to pile pressure on a country already struggling to cover its wide fiscal gap and huge public debt load .
Chris Pryce , senior Greece analyst for rating agency Fitch , said Athens ’ only choice now was to ask for help .
“ Despite everything the EU and the euro zone have done there is still a lack of clarity ( and ) confusion about what they intend to do , when they intend do it and how much would be involved , ” he told Reuters .
“ It is now up to the Greek government to go publicly to the EU and IMF and ask for the cash and the support . ”
Euro zone deputy finance ministers and central bankers were likely to discuss the terms on which emergency loans could be extended to Athens later on Thursday , a euro zone source said .
Greece ’s government has pledged to cut its public finance deficit by almost one - third to 8.7 percent of gross domestic product this year , but is also wary of sparking public unrest after a string of riots and strikes since last year .
Reluctant to give in to the pressures , Greece insists it prefers to borrow from markets and will use the European Union / International Monetary Fund safety net agreed only as a last resort , a call it repeated on Thursday .
“ For the time being it is not necessary to activate the aid mechanism .
The EU / IMF safety net is there to guarantee that Greece is not alone , ” said spokesman George Petalotis , adding Athens was striving not to borrow at “ barbaric ” interest rates .
But the 10 - year Greek / German government yield spread spiked almost half a percentage point to as much as 463 basis points on Thursday .
Two - year Greek government bond yields surged more than 100 bps to almost 8 percent .
Credit default swaps insuring Greek bonds for one year jumped 125 basis points to 600 -- the equivalent of $ 600,000 for $ 10 million in debt -- after rising to a record 650 earlier in the day , according to Markit Intraday .
“ INSANE ” LEVELS
“ Spread levels today are insane , they are not levels for a euro zone country , ” said Panagiotis Dimitropoulos , treasurer at Millennium Bank in Greece .
“ It seems Greece is being pushed towards the aid mechanism . ”
Rating agency Standard & Poor ’s said Greece was at risk of a downgrade if high borrowing costs persist and the government does not manage to address any deviation from its cost cutting plans that could follow , although senior analyst for Greece Marko Mrsnik said risk of default was very low .
Germany , which can veto Athens ’ access to the aid package , also held firm on its position that it is only a last ditch option , with a spokesman saying that , despite the jump in borrowing costs , “ the government ’s position remains unchanged ” .
Dealing with its own financial problems as a local election looms , Berlin has been loath to set a bad example for other euro zone offenders by letting Greece off the hook too lightly .
The euro zone source said euro zone officials had had a “ convergence of views ” and the terms should be similar to IMF financing conditions and terms agreed by EU governments .
Another source said the rate of interest should not be higher than 300 basis points over comparable German debt .
Greece ’s woes drove the euro close to its 2009 low against the dollar on Thursday .
It slipped 0.2 percent to $ 1.3306 at 1227 GMT , just off its 2010 low of $ 1.3267 .
A Reuters poll showed 64 strategists saw the crisis eroding the euro further to $ 1.30 in a years time .
NO DEFAULT DANGER
Despite the intensifying turmoil around Greek assets and its spiralling borrowing costs , European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet said there was no danger of default .
“ I would say that taking all the information I have , that default is not an issue for Greece , ” he told reporters after the ECB left interest rates on hold at a record low 1 percent and prolonged rules allowing Greek debt to be used as collateral for cheap central bank cash .
The next main challenge Greece faces is to borrow 11 billion euros by the end of May to roll over debt and cover spending .
Three bonds worth 18 billion euros have performed badly this year in the secondary market , and analysts and investors say a dollar bond planned for April and May will struggle to draw demand at the 7 percent yield seen attractive by the government .
Banks , which have asked to tap 17 billion euros remaining in a crisis support package , saw shares tumble more than 7 percent before retreating to close 6 percent lower .
They have been hit by worsening portfolio performance due to the deterioration of the state bonds which the banks hold and a rise in non-performing loans , and media have reported foreign banks have stopped taking part in interbank activity , squeezing banks ’ ability to roll over short - term loans .
They are down 50 percent since worries over how Greece will cut a debt pile that exceeds its annual economic output by a fifth started to rattle investors in mid-October , wiping out about 24 billion euros ( $ 32 billion ) in market capitalisation .
Another issue causing worry was new ECB rules announced on Thursday on extending easier lending terms for holders of Greek government bonds into 2011 .
The rules defuse the danger of Greek debt falling off the list of what banks can swap for ECB loans next year if it faces more ratings downgrades .
ID : nFAT007045
Markets had worried they could introduce a new risk premium scale , or “ haircuts ” , on bonds that are used widely by Greek banks to tap ECB credit .
But the ECB left its current rules in place for government - issued -- including Greek -- debt .
( Additional reporting by Lefteris Papadimas and Harry Papachristou in Athens , Jan Strupczewski and Julien Toyer in Brussels , Sakari Suoninen and Marc Jones in Frankfurt ; writing by Michael Winfrey ; Editing by Stephen Nisbet ) ( $ 1=.7511 euros )
Featuing Extra Photos !
The craftsman featured on the pages linked below has produced a large volume of extraordinarily high quality work .
We have provided more photos than normal as a teaching experience .
Certain craftsmen set the standards in their area of expertise , and studying the details of their work can be helpful for anyone wishing to follow in their footsteps or take their work to the next level .
Not every viewer will want to enlarge every photo , but those interested in achieving this level of craftsmanship will find doing so instructive and , hopefully , inspiring .
The Internet Craftsmanship Museum Presents :
Jerry Kieffer
Joe Martin Foundation " Metalworking Craftsman of the Year " award winner for 1997
A model engineer who insists on total perfection and building every part " to scale "
Jerry Kieffer is not a professional machinist .
He recently retired as a field representative for a Wisconsin power company , and most of his skills were attained by trial and error , but his home shop turns out some of the finest and smallest examples of model engineering to be found anywhere in the world .
Click on the slide to see a PowerPoint® slide show of a selection of Jerry 's work .
( Once opened , click on screen to advance to next slide .
Right click screen to select " full screen " or to end show . )
Do n't have PowerPoint ?
CLICK HERE to download a free PowerPoint viewer from Microsoft .
Discover Channel ( Canada ) Video features Jerry Kieffer February , 2012 — See http://watch.discoverychannel.ca/daily-planet/february-2012/daily-planet---february-13-2012/#clip618305 to view a segment on Discovery Canada from a show called The Daily Planet .
The " Garage Guru's " segment details Jerry 's work building a 1/8 scale Harley Davidson .
( It is the second segment starting at the 8:00 minute mark . )
About Jerry Kieffer
Jerry Kieffer is not a lifelong machinist .
He has developed his skills in many areas simply because he was not satisfied with the work of others and felt he could do the job better himself .
He has applied his skills to watch repair , gun repair , clock making and model engine construction to name just a few .
The project that first brought him attention was a 1/30 scale Corliss steam engine model .
The tiny bolt shown below was a 1/30 scale version of a 1/4 - 20 bolt used as an actual fastener on the model .
Jerry developed a system of taps and dies to produce these tiny fasteners so that the model would be completely scale down to the smallest detail .
He was making the model because he had been told by others that a running engine could not be made completely to scale at that small size .
Jerry 's has built a 1/6 scale running model of a 1947 Harley Davidson " knucklehead " motorcycle engine .
Now he is working on a 1/8 version that will be included in a fully functional motorcycle model .
His goal is to be able to kick start it and have all functions down to the speedometer work .
He has also completed a running 1936 John Deere tractor in 1/8 scale as well as several other clock , miniature machine tool and engine projects .
See the bottom of the page for links to individual projects .
Many of the projects Jerry takes on are driven by a challenge , either from himself or from a friend , and this was no exception .
The following magazine article details the project and also gives a good insight into what makes Jerry tick and how he goes about tackling a project .
The tiny bolt and wrench shown above where what first brought Jerry 's skills to the attention of Joe Martin .
( Click on photo for larger version . )
The .009 " diameter hex bolt and nut are used as functional fasteners on Jerry 's 1/30 scale Corliss steam engine .
( Jerry also turned the knurled brass display bezel for the bolt and wrench . )
The following magazine article which was published in The Home Shop Machinist will tell you a lot about Jerry and how he works .
Sometimes " good enough " just is n't good enough
One modeler 's quest for uncompromising accuracy leads to a magnificent model and a $ 1000.00 prize
A photo of Jerry 's 1/30th Corliss engine .
At the bottom , a U.S. 25 - cent coin can be seen to give scale .
Tiny handles , oilers , oil lines , fittings and other details are perfect , even under strong magnification .
( Click on photo for larger image . )
It seemed like a fairly straightforward project when he started .
Jerry Kieffer of DeForest , Wisconsin wanted to build a model of a Corliss steam engine , he wanted to make it in a smaller scale than usually attempted and he wanted no compromises when it came to scale .
He saw the engine he wanted too model in a steam show in Sussex , Wisconsin , so he could get all the dimensions and pictures he needed from the original .
The flywheel was ten feet in diameter , and he had a piece of 4 - inch thinwall tubing from a truck driveshaft in his shop that would be just the right size if he worked in 1/30th scale .
He had done some watch repair and had a selection of the smallest bolts , nuts and screws commercially available , so he figured when he got to the smallest parts , he would use those as fasteners .
He had never liked other models he had seen where the builder compromised on the scale by using larger , non-scale bolts and pipes to represent the smallest parts .
He wanted a running engine with everything to scale .
They told him it could n't be done ...
Though he had no formal training in machining and only about eight years experience as a hobbyist , he was always good with tools and enjoyed working on very small projects .
He built the flywheel first and then parts of the cylinder .
Working his way down from the larger to the smaller parts .
By the time he had about a year and a half in the model and had told several friends of his project , he found that the smallest screws from a tiny lady 's wristwatch were still going to be much too large .
They were twice the size of a regulator shaft he needed to cross drill and bolt at a pivot joint .
Rather than give up on the project or compromise on the scale of the smallest parts , he began to work on ways to make smaller and smaller bolts .
The smallest bolts on the real engine were 1/4 - 20 size , which scaled out to a bolt smaller than ten thousandths of an inch in diameter with hundreds of threads per inch at 1/30th scale !
There was nowhere to go for advice on making threaded parts that small , as his friends in the hobby told him working bolts that small could n't be made .
... and they were wrong
After many efforts at trial and error and " just playing with things until they work " , Jerry developed techniques of making extremely small taps and dies the size and thread count he needed .
From these he could make tiny hex head nuts and bolts .
There were no shortcuts , and many taps would be broken to make a single die , but once he had a die , making the little bolts was relatively easy .
In fact , if you ask him if it is hard making bolts that small , he 'll tell you , " Making them is easy .
It was figuring out how to make them that was hard . "
His motto tells a story of uncompromising quality
When drilling holes in a steam chest that will eventually receive a number of these tiny bolts , it is not uncommon to break off a tap in one of the drilled holes .
When this happens , Jerry throws away the part and starts over .
When asked why he does n't just drill out the broken tap with an oversize hole , fill it with a dowel pin and re-drill rather than scrapping the part , Jerry replied , " Because someday , somebody is going to take this thing apart and they 'll know I screwed up . "
He simply refuses to compromise his goals for perfection at any level ... even if it will probably never be seen by anyone else .
He would know the mistake was there , and that is enough to make him redo the entire part until it is perfect .
Jerry goes on to say , " Most people are willing to do about 90 % of the work on a project and then say , ' That 's good enough ' .
I guess my motto would be ' Good enough just is n't good enough ' " .
The details are there even if they can't be seen
Each handwheel , lever and fitting is a miniature reproduction of the exact shapes of the original , and each presented its own problems and resulting solutions .
Some details are not even seen once the parts are assembled , but they 're there .
For example , the model needed a very small , hollow oil line .
Jerry finally located a company that manufactured hypodermic syringes and purchased some of the very fine , hollow tubing used to make the smallest needles .
He bent that to shape and made tiny compression fittings for each end so that the oil line is functional .
Just looking at it , there is no way to tell it is not just a piece of wire , but it is hollow and it does work , and Jerry knows that when he looks at his model .
The real Corliss engine uses vacuum dashpots to retract part of the valve gear .
On virtually every model of this type of engine , the modeler hides a spring inside the housing that acutally retracts the rods , as no one looking at it can tell the difference .
On Jerry 's model , however , the dashpots actually pull a vacuum to retract the rods ... another example of his total devotion to realism .
It looks great , but does it run ?
Jerry lubricates the system with a few drops of light oil and attaches a tube from a small electric aquarium air pump to the input pipe , gives the flywheel a gentle push and the little engine springs to life .
Delicate adjustment with the tip of a finger on the regulating handwheel of only a few degrees produces an instant change in speed .
It operates smoothly and almost soundlessly as low as just 3 RPM !
The tiny " banjo oiler " on the main bearing seems to hang suspended in space as the shaft rotates around it .
The rods and valves circulate in an intricate motion as the cylinder pumps back and forth .
It runs as perfectly as it looks .
This model has made believers out of a number of " experts " who told Jerry it was impossible to maintain scale sizes down to this level and still have an engine that works .
Inexpensive miniature machine tools used to make tiny parts
To complete the challenge to himself , Jerry made the Corliss engine using a Sherline Model 4000 miniature lathe and Sherline Model 5000 vertical milling machine that only cost about $ 500 each .
This should be encouraging to those who think that you need both years of experience as a machinist and a big shop full of large and expensive machine tools to do good work .
Jerry takes pride in letting people know that the projects were built with " less than $ 1000 worth of machine tools . "
Exceptional craftsmanship nets a $ 1000 award
For his work on this and other models he has completed , Jerry was recently awarded the honor of " Metalworking Craftsman of the Year " for 1997 by the Joe Martin Foundation for Exceptional Craftsmanship .
This annual award goes to craftsmen in various fields of miniature machining and is accompanied by a check for $ 1000 .
Jerry was the first person selected to win this award .
Jerry is a marketing representative for a Wisconsin utility company and has only been working with machine tools in his spare time for about eight years , which makes his accomplishments all the more impressive .
Prior to this recognition , Jerry says the only thing he had won was " a quart of oil for an entry at a county fair " .
Jerry 's current work illustrates that some of the most interesting projects can be found at the small end of the size scale and require little more than time and the determination to do a really good job .
Magazine articles about Jerry 's work
An excellent article about Jerry and his home shop can be found in the April , 1998 issue of Modeltec magazine , and an article about the Corliss engine was published in the September , 1997 issue .
An article about his projects from the British perspective can be found in the April , 1999 issue of Model Engineer .
Jerry has also written an article about how to make oak finger jointed boxes to protect and carry your metalworking projects that was published in the 2001 " Common threads " issues of both The Home Shop Machinist and Machinist 's Workshop magazines .
Other impressive projects have followed
Since Jerry was selected as the Foundation 's first Craftsman of the Year , he has gone on to bolster that reputation by building a number of incredible projects .
These include two miniature Harley Davidson motorcycles , a 1/8 scale John Deere tractor , several other steam and gas engines , clocks and other projects .
Links to each of these projects and details of their construction can be found below .
Here are links to sections on some of Jerry 's projects :
( Click on photo to veiw a page on that project . )
New Submissions Welcomed
If you have additional information on a project or builder shown on this site that your would like to contribute , please e-mail mecm@craftsmanshipmuseum.com .
We also welcome new contributions .
Please see our page at www.CraftsmanshipMuseum.com/newsubmit.htm for a submission form and guidelines for submitting descriptive copy and photos for a new project .
This section is sponsored by
Makers of precision miniature machine tools and accessories .
Sherline tools are made in the USA .
Sherline is proud to confirm that Jerry Kieffer uses Sherline tools in the production of his small projects .
To learn how your company or organization can sponsor a section in the Craftsmanship Museum , please contact mecm@craftsmanshipmuseum.com .
RETURN TO MUSEUM HOME PAGE
Mike Modano is 39 years old .
He had an appendectomy a month before the end of the regular season ; A regular season that was , to be honest , pretty far gone at the time and even more so now as he pushes hard through his rehab .
So the media as a whole is ( finally ) asking a lot of questions about Mo .
Why is he pushing hard to get back ?
A ( semi ) major surgery that late in the year on a guy who turns 40 this summer ?
Why would he rush ?
And the logical conclusion anyone can draw from the evidence presented is " because he 's not coming back next year .
This is the end . "
He does n't want to end his career with an appendectomy and a 5 - 3 loss to the Colorado Avalanche , right ?
The less popular answer is that he 's a competitor and he loves the game , which he is and he does .
I tend to believe him when he says he has n't made a decision about next year .
A whole slew of " will they or wo n't they ? " famous athletes have wavered and waffled and gone back and forth , desensitizing the sports - consuming consumer to the point of apathy and / or extreme skepticism , but I do n't recall THAT many hockey players among those ranks .
( Probably because ESPN does n't care beat us over the head with it , but I digress ... ) .
I think those who know Mike , or feign knowing Mike , would agree that if he retires , that 's apt to be it .
If I were him , looking at the condition of the S.S. Tom Hicks , I 'd say that boat is sinking and will continue to do so for at least one more year before it gets sold .
Which is n't to say I would n't like him back ...
As far as I 'm concerned , the dude has some usefulness left in him , and even a carrot or two dangling in front of him that might keep him going .
Outlasting Keith Tkachuk would be one .
Another would be 15 more NHL points .
15 NHL points separate Mike on the all time list from being right next to his buddy Brett Hull .
21 . Brett Hull 1,391 points 22 . John Bucyk 1,369 points 23 .
Mike Modano 1,355 points
I do n't know if Modano is aware , or even cares about such a thing , but I 've had my eye on it this year .
It would be fitting for him to come to rest at # 22 right behind Hully .
The two of them together on the all - time list , at least for a while , would warm my Stars heart .
Other than thought , unless it 's for shear joy of playing the game , it 's hard to enumerate many reasons for returning .
His declination of a trade at the deadline at least tells us that going somewhere else to win another ring is probably not on his mind .
Mike 's a Dallas guy , through and through .
Along with Marty Turco , this news is bringing every Dallas media type by the Stars storefront to browse as they pass by for their yearly visit , and it 's only going to get worse as the end nears .
Here 's a smattering :
Kevin Sherrington over at the Morning News decided to field some hockey questions ( ? ) :
Is this Mike Modano 's last year ?
Have n't asked him , but I 'd guess it is .
The club is struggling , the prospects for next year do n't look much better , and he 's already made it clear that he did n't want to be traded to a contender .
He and Marty Turco will both be gone .
Now that 's a regime change , is n't it ?
Jean - Jacques
Taylor descended upon the press box at the AAC on Sunday to prepare for his bi-annual hockey opinion ...
It 's time for Marty Turco to go .
He knows it , as do the Stars .
We all do .
This is not about whether it 's time for Turco to retire .
It 's not .
He 's good enough to help a playoff team make a lengthy playoff run .
It 's just time for him to leave Dallas .
With the benefit of hindsight , it 's clear the Stars should have traded or released Turco once they decided not to extend his contract , especially with a new general manager and coach sending the franchise in a completely different direction .
With the benefit of following hockey every day of our lives , the rest of us know that it was n't the easy .
And then mercifully to the rescue comes our regularly scheduled program , the greatness of Mike Heika talking some real hockey ...
" I thought about it , definitely , " Modano said .
" It 's been on my mind all year , but it 's not time to make a decision yet . "
Modano said that he would talk with Stars general manager Joe Nieuwendyk after the season and then come to a decision .
" But , yeah , you definitely think about it , " Modano said .
" I mean , I do n't want to end my career sitting out with appendicitis .
That would n't feel right , so maybe that has something do with it .
I want to come back and play well , because it might be the end . "
Modano probably would be working this hard to get back even if he had another year on his contract .
It 's what he 's done throughout his career .
He said playing for former coach and GM Bob Gainey as a young player toughened him .
" I remember to start with , the least little thing would put me down , " Modano said .
" But then Gainey would be all over me and asking stuff like , ' Are you hurt or are you injured ? '
You had to pretty much first figure out what he was saying to you and then realize that there
Modano skated in Frisco on Monday and worked out off - ice as well .
He will not join the team in Nashville tonight but could possibly be join them at a later date on the road trip .
I 've been waiting for the deluge of Modano farewell speculation since we hit 2010 .
Then I thought it would surely come during the Olympic break , but it did n't then either .
That the traditionally non-hockey media descends upon these stories now is predictable and probably necessary , but feels a tad belated .
He 's the greatest , most accomplished sports figure in the city , hands down .
If not the fact that he did n't want it , he should have been given the farewell tour treatment for longer than what might be the last 4 or 5 games of his career .
Billboard reports that 43 - year - old rapper Guru ( nĂŠ Keith Elam ) suffered a heart attack yesterday and is currently in a coma , according to a radio interview with Guru's Gang Starr partner DJ Premier .
Elam is set to undergo surgery today , March 1 .
We make no bones about being head over heels in love with the Ferrari 458 Italia .
It 's sexy as hell and promises to continue Maranello 's habit of building supremely capable sports cars .
Ferrari unveiled the Italia last fall at the Frankfurt auto show , and on Tuesday it threw open the doors to motoring Mecca the factory to brief journalists on the 599 Hybrid we 'll see at Geneva .
Automobile Magazine scribe and former Jalopnik intern Eric Jingall was there , that lucky SOB , and Tweeted this pic of a 458 body looking resplendent in rosso corsa .
For those of you who have n't been paying attention , here 's just one reason this car promises to be so freakin ' awesome .
The 4.5 - liter V8 produces 570 horsepower and 398 foot pounds of torque .
It 's got an F1 - derived dual - clutch gearbox .
And it will do zero to 62 mph in less than 3.4 seconds .
Oops .
That 's three reasons .
But who 's counting ?
Photo : Eric Jingall via Jalopnik / Twitpic
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Swedish pilot without a valid licence to fly has been arrested at Amsterdam as he was about to fly a jet with 101 passengers to Turkey , Dutch police say .
The 41 - year - old man said he had been flying for European airlines for 13 years and had logged 10,000 hours .
Police said he once had a licence to fly small planes but it had expired and it did not allow him to fly large jets .
Reports say the man was relieved his long deception was uncovered and tore off his pilot 's stripes in the cockpit .
Turkey 's Corendon Airlines said he had been flying for the airline for two years and had " expertly misled the company with his false papers " .
The airline said it had been alerted by police and had a pilot standing by to fly the Boeing 737 from Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport to Ankara .
Dutch police were acting on a tip - off from Swedish authorities .
The man is in custody awaiting trial for forging documents and flying without a licence .
SOUTH BEND , Ind . —
When Tom Grimes lost his job as a financial consultant 15 months ago , he called his congressman , a Democrat , for help getting government health care .
Then he found a new full - time occupation : Tea Party activist .
In the last year , he has organized a local group and a statewide coalition , and even started a “ bus czar ” Web site to marshal protesters to Washington on short notice .
This month , he mobilized 200 other Tea Party activists to go to the local office of the same congressman to protest what he sees as the government ’s takeover of health care .
Mr. Grimes is one of many Tea Party members jolted into action by economic distress .
At rallies , gatherings and training sessions in recent months , activists often tell a similar story in interviews : they had lost their jobs , or perhaps watched their homes plummet in value , and they found common cause in the Tea Party ’s fight for lower taxes and smaller government .
The Great Depression , too , mobilized many middle - class people who had fallen on hard times .
Though , as Michael Kazin , the author of “ The Populist Persuasion , ” notes , they tended to push for more government involvement .
The Tea Party vehemently wants less — though a number of its members acknowledge that they are relying on government programs for help .
Jupiterimages / Photos.com / Getty Images
When it comes to flower and vegetable gardens , gardeners must follow a specific set of guidelines for site , soil and nutrition .
An important aspect of any garden is using organic mulch like grass clippings and leaves to both mulch and mix the soil .
Leaves as Mulch
The first step in using dead leaves in the garden is to use them as mulch .
Chop the leaves up and lay them in a 2 - inch layer over the garden soil to help maintain moisture and warmth .
The mulch layer will also keep weeds from growing , and keep disease - bearing soil from splashing onto the plants .
Leaves as Fertilizer
Leaves break down over time and turn into leaf mold .
When the leaves break down , mix them into the top 2 to 3 inches of soil in the garden to fertilize the soil and add organic matter .
Leaves in Compost
Yard waste like leaves , grass clippings , straw and old foliage are also valuable in home compost piles .
Fold the waste into the compost bin and allow it to break down , then use the compost in the garden as a soil amendment .
Truth be told , there was a lot of creativity behind this sad invention .
Using pins or needles placed on the shirt collar was a pretty creative technique found to ensure that the pompous Chinese military parades were flawless .
After all , who would ( literally ) want to risk their neck during the Olympic Games ' year ?
All for those perfect , syncronized movements .
Like the old animal trainers , who would inflict painful punishments to bears and elephants that misbehaved , these young soldiers learn that anything goes , when it comes to attaining a perfect result .
The only difference is that they do n't get any treat as a reward .
Another ally of pins in military training is the wooden cross .
It ensures that the back will , without a doubt , remain straight and elegant .
When we realise that these soldiers obviously have to march , imagine a worse resistance test : neck pinned , crucified backs , and feet strongly and firmly pounding the floor .
The pictures speak for themselves and will certainly make sure that China 's People 's Liberation Army does n't win any gold medals these Olympic Games .
Their way of training has no sporting spirit in the least .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Over at top - notch young Seattle news site Publicola , Erica Barnett brings news of what could be a momentous decision by the Seattle City Council : to set about making Seattle a carbon - neutral city .
From the Council ’s 2010 Priorities :
CARBON NEUTRALITY
Adopt a carbon neutral goal for Seattle with specific milestones and implementation steps , along with a plan for adaptation to the effects of climate change .
No specific timeline is mentioned but sponsors Mike O’Brien & Richard Conlin have talked about 2020 or 2030 .
The first time I heard about the idea was from Alex Steffen , who challenged the city to adopt the goal at his two - night Town Hall engagement ( you really should watch the videos at that link ) .
For more on what it would mean , see “ Defining a ‘ Carbon Neutral ’ City ” on Worldchanging .
I thought newly elected mayor Mike McGinn ’s response to the Council struck just the right note :
“ Let ’s be very clear , ” he said .
“ I support carbon neutrality as a goal .
But we ’ve been down this path of politicians setting ambitious goals and not following through before ” –a reference to his predecessor Greg Nickels ’ vow to reduce emissions below 1990 levels , in line with the Kyoto Protocols , by 2012 .
“ We have a goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions , but we ’re building a bigger 520 , we ’re building an auto - only facility on our waterfront , we ’re not funding the bike master plan , ” which is on track to be underfunded by 70 percent .
“ The question is n’t what the goals should be .
The question should be , how do you get there ? ”
Exactly .
This is a welcome statement of commitment from the Council , but the real test will be the individual battles on the ground .
Will the Council support the Mayor in his power struggles with Olympia for local control over transportation infrastructure decisions ?
Will they help him overcome the neighborhood NIMBYs ?
Targets are noble but they ’re relatively easy .
We ’ll see if McGinn and the Council can get it together to really make it happen .
Sure would be cool though .
Lab biologist Crystal Jaing holds up a Microbial Detection Array slide developed by LLNL researchers that contains 388,000 probes .
The array can detect or identify within a 24 - hour period any of the approximately 60,000 viruses or 2,500 bacteria worldwide that have been sequenced .
Photo by Jacqueline McBride / LLNL
( PhysOrg.com ) --
An analysis of vaccines undertaken by researchers from 5 institutions has found that 7 of the vaccines ' DNA content was pretty much as expected , but surprisingly , one also contained DNA of an apparently benign pig virus .
This finding is reported in a paper written by lead author Eric Delwart of Blood Systems Research Institute and 6 co-authors , including three researchers from LLNL .
An analysis of vaccines undertaken by researchers from five institutions has found that seven of the vaccines ’
DNA content was pretty much as expected , but surprisingly , one also contained DNA of an apparently benign pig virus .
This finding is reported in a paper written by lead author Eric Delwart of the San Francisco - based Blood Systems Research Institute and six co-authors , including three researchers from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) .
The paper is published Wednesday in the online Journal of Virology .
Even before its publication , the research produced a major stir as Delwart contacted GlaxoSmithKline to alert the firm that its Rotarix vaccine , used to prevent diarrhea in babies , contained the pig virus , porcine circovirus - 1 ( PCV - 1 ) .
On March 22 , Food & Drug Administration ( FDA ) officials urged pediatricians in the United States to temporarily suspend the use of Rotarix and to continue to use a similar rotavirus vaccine , RotaTeq from Merck , until further tests are completed .
They added that Rotarix has been used in millions of children around the world , including one million in the United States , with no signs of safety problems , and that PCV1 is not known to cause any kind of illness in people or animals .
The European Union has opted for continued Rotarix distribution , while Glaxo removed PCV1 from their vaccine production line .
The World Health Organization also recommended continued Rotarix distribution in regions with high levels of rotavirus infections in children .
“ The intent in our research was to use the latest technologies to show that live vaccines only contained the expected viral genomes and no other , ” Delwart said .
“ Indeed , seven of the eight vaccines were clean .
We were quite surprised to find PCV - 1 DNA in Rotarix . ”
Delwart discovered PCV1 in Rotarix in January using a deep DNA sequencing technology and then contacted LLNL researchers to check his results .
The three Livermore researchers - biologist Crystal Jaing , population biologist Shea Gardner and computer scientist Kevin McLoughlin - used a new LLNL detection technology , the Microbial Detection Array ( MDA ) .
With 388,000 probes that fit on a one - inch wide , three - inch long glass slide , the MDA can detect or identify within a 24 - hour period any of the approximately 60,000 viruses or 2,500 bacteria worldwide that have been sequenced .
“ We have been collaborating with Eric for more than a year , ” Jaing said .
“ He sees value in our microarray technology as a way to provide additional confirmation to his sequencing technology . ”
The Livermore microarray confirmed the presence of PCV - 1 DNA in the vaccine .
The MDA has 40 designed probes to detect the PCV - 1 strain of the pig virus ; 39 of them showed positive for the virus , “ almost a guarantee that the virus was present , ” according to Jaing .
“ One result of this research is that it demonstrates how modern technologies could change and drastically improve product safety , ” said Tom Slezak , LLNL ’s scientific leader for Bioinformatics .
As an example , Slezak noted that while current product safety rules require demonstrating that a list of known contaminants is not present , the use of modern advances in DNA sequencing and arrays would allow manufacturers to know every biological material that is present in quantities large enough to be of potential concern .
In their paper , the team wrote that while the polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) technique is more sensitive than either metagenomic sequencing ( where only a small sample is obtained of the total background DNA content of a complex mixture ) or microarrays ( such as the MDA ) when screening for specific viruses , the sheer number of potential contaminating viruses limits the use of PCR to a small number of most commonly suspected viruses .
No one expected to see PCV - 1 in a vaccine , so it was not on the list to be tested .
“ The use of viral metagenomics and microarrays tests therefore seems warranted for the surveillance of products that are derived from cell cultures , plasma pools , or other biological sources and which may contain and transmit adventitious viruses , ” the authors wrote .
Besides the Blood Systems Research Institute and LLNL , other institutions that collaborated on the Journal of Virology article include the Stanford Genome Technology Center , the David Grant U.S. Air Force Medical Center in Travis , Calif . and UC San Francisco ’s Department of Laboratory Medicine .
In their research , Delwart ’s team analyzed eight live attenuated viral vaccines - oral poliovirus , rubella , measles , yellow fever , varicella - zoster , measles / mumps / rubella and two rotavirus vaccines , one produced by Glaxo and the other by Merck .
Rotavirus can cause severe diarrhea and kills many children in developing nations .
Before rotavirus vaccinations started in the United States , about 55,000 children per year were hospitalized for rotavirus infections and several dozen died each year .
Merck introduced its vaccine in 2006 and Glaxo ’s came out in 2008 .
In their paper , the authors wrote that despite an extensive record of safety and efficacy , common misconceptions have continued about vaccine safety , leading to reduced childhood vaccinations and a resurgence of vaccine - preventable infections .
“ Given that live attenuated viral vaccines are safe , effective and relatively inexpensive , their use against human and animal pathogens should be encouraged , ” the authors said .
Application of new DNA technologies will reassure the public that viral contaminants can be readily detected and removed from vaccines , Delwart said .
Explore further FDA warns doctors about Glaxo rotavirus vaccine
Provided by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Livermore , California ( CNN ) --
Scientists at a government lab here are trying to use the world 's largest laser -- it 's the size of three football fields -- to set off a nuclear reaction so intense that it will make a star bloom on the surface of the Earth .
The Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 's formula for cooking up a sun on the ground may sound like it 's stolen from the plot of an " Austin Powers " movie .
But it 's no Hollywood fantasy :
The ambitious experiment will be tried for real , and for the first time , late this summer .
If they 're successful , the scientists hope to solve the global energy crisis by harnessing the energy generated by the mini-star .
The lab 's venture has doubters , to be sure .
Nuclear fusion , the type of high - energy reaction the California researchers hope to produce , has been a scientific pipe dream for at least a half - century .
It 's been pitched as a miracle power source .
But it has n't yielded many results .
To make matters worse , the U.S. Government Accountability Office this month released an audit of the lab 's work that cites delays and mismanagement as reasons it 's unlikely the scientists will create a fusion reaction this year .
But researchers in Livermore , about an hour 's drive east of San Francisco , say it 's not a matter of if but when their laser - saves - the - Earth experiment will be proved successful .
" We have a very high confidence that we will be able to ignite the target within the next two years , " thus proving that controlled fusion is possible , said Bruno Van Wonterghem , a manager of the project , which is called the National Ignition Facility .
That would put the lab a step closer to " our big dream , " he said , which is " to solve the energy problems of the world . "
How to build a star
Here is the boiled - down recipe for how the Livermore lab plans to cook up a star :
Step one : Build the largest laser in the world , preferably inside a drab - looking office building .
( To do this , you 'll have to suspend all previous notions about what a laser looks like .
This one is basically a giant factory full of tubes .
The laser beam , which is concentrated light , bounces back and forth over the distance of a mile , charging up as it goes . )
Step two : Split this humongous laser into 192 beams .
Aim all of them -- firing - range style -- at a single point that 's about the size of a BB .
Step three :
On that tiny target , apply a smidge of deuterium and tritium , two reactive isotopes of hydrogen that can be extracted from seawater .
Surround those atoms with a gold capsule that 's smaller than a thimble .
Step four :
Fire the laser !
If all goes well , the resulting reaction will be hotter than the center of the sun ( more than 100 million degrees Celsius ) and will exert more pressure than 100 billion atmospheres .
This will smash the hydrogen isotopes together with so much force and heat that their nuclei will fuse , sending off energy and neutrons .
Voila .
An itty - bitty star is born .
Miracle cure ?
The fusion reaction at the heart of this recipe is the same one that fuels the sun in our solar system and other stars .
" It 's the most fundamental energy source in nature , " Van Wonterghem said .
Workers at the Livermore Lab insist that the reaction is n't dangerous .
Their version of fusion is controlled , rather than explosive like in America 's current arsenal of nuclear weapons , which include a fusion reaction .
" There 's no danger to the public , " said Lynda Seaver , spokeswoman for the project .
" The [ worst possible ] mishap is , it does n't work . "
The fusion reaction does emit radioactive neutrons .
But to stop those neutrons from escaping , the Livermore lab surrounds the reaction chamber with concrete walls that are more than 6 ½ feet thick .
Despite the fact that the reaction will " even exceed the conditions at the center of the sun , " Van Wonterghem said , the controlled fusion is expected to be incredibly small and short - lived .
The star being cooked up in Livermore this summer is expected to die 200 trillionths of a second after it 's ignited , Van Wonterghem said .
And it will measure only 5 microns across , which is several times smaller than the width of a human hair .
Road to commercialization
The value of this summer 's experiment in laser - induced fusion will be in proving that powerful beams of light can produce a controlled fusion reaction , Seaver said .
It will take at least another 20 years , with adequate funding , to develop a continuous fusion reaction that could heat water , create steam and turn generators at a commercial fusion power plant , she said .
Meanwhile , the project is behind schedule and over budget , according to government reports .
Since 2005 , when the laser - fusion experiment was isolated in a government program called the National Ignition Campaign , the project has spent more than $ 2 billion , or 25 percent more than its budget of $ 1.6 billion , according to the April Government Accountability Office report .
And , in those recent years , the project has fallen a year off schedule , the GAO says , with the expected completion date for the research now at the end of 2012 .
Seaver , the National Ignition Facility spokeswoman , said the report mischaracterizes the lab 's work .
" NIF has held all its milestones .
It 's held to its budget .
The experiments are going just fine at NIF , " she said .
" They 're going the way we thought they would . "
Construction on the Livermore laser facility began in 1997 , but the laser technology needed for the experiment has been 50 years in development , she said .
Meanwhile , other labs are working on fusion projects , too .
ITER , a project in France , for example , aims to use magnets and plasma , instead of lasers , to test nuclear fusion .
Research continues in non-fusion areas of nuclear power , as well .
Microsoft founder Bill Gates announced in February that he is funding research in a modified and more sustainable version of nuclear fission , the type of reaction that powers the world 's existing nuclear reactors .
Fission involves splitting large , heavy atoms .
Fusion , the star - making reaction being tried in Livermore , works the opposite way , sealing the nuclei of smaller atoms together .
The Livermore lab says it could get its fuel -- the two isotopes of hydrogen -- from seawater .
The process for extracting large amounts of deuterium and tritium from water has not been perfected , but the lab says the supply of these materials is nearly limitless .
" One gallon of seawater would provide the equivalent energy of 300 gallons of gasoline ; fuel from 50 cups of water contains the energy equivalent of two tons of coal , " the Livermore project 's website says .
Unlike burning coal and natural gas , nuclear power does not produce greenhouse gases .
Doubts and optimism
Critics of Livermore 's fusion research say it's too expensive and too theoretical .
The world needs to employ existing fixes for climate change rather than looking for a technological silver bullet that will prove to be too expensive for commercial energy production anyway , said Thomas B. Cochran , a senior scientist and nuclear physicist at the Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental group .
" If you want to do [ research and development ] to alleviate climate change , you have to have technologies that can be brought online soon , " he said .
" We do n't have much time to turn this around . "
Even if the facility 's lasers do create a fusion reaction , the lab is still a long way from becoming a commercial power plant , he said .
" It 's not going to be competitive , " he said .
" It 's crazy to go down that road .
It 's kind of fun and interesting -- graduate student projects designing these concepts .
But they waste a lot of money in thinking [ nuclear fusion ] is going to contribute to society . "
Nevertheless , the scientists in Livermore remain optimistic .
Van Wonterghem holds out hope for an energy miracle from fusion and has invested his entire career in the idea .
Seaver believes that what 's happening at the lab is historic .
" This is something you 're going to tell your grandchildren about , " the spokeswoman said on a recent tour of the lab .
" You were here when they were about to get fusion ignition .
" It 's like standing on the hill watching the Wright brothers ' plane go by . "
University programs
Internships .
Spend a few months in San Jose , San Francisco , New York , or a key site in Asia or Europe getting real experience on real business projects .
Mentorship , great pay , purpose , and fun — it ’s all here , along with the possibility of a full - time position once you graduate .
Full - time positions .
Launch your career and make your mark with an industry leader .
Use your expertise and ideas to help us define how companies do business , and join a team where reinvention and experimentation are part of the creative culture .
Learn more ›
Another error in the influential reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) reports has been identified .
This one concerns the rate of expansion of sea ice around Antarctica .
While not an issue for estimates of future sea level rise ( sea ice is floating ice which does not influence sea level ) , a significant expansion of Antarctic sea ice runs counter to climate model projections .
As the errors in the climate change “ assessment ” reports from the IPCC mount , its aura of scientific authority erodes , and with it , the justification for using their findings to underpin national and international efforts to regulate greenhouse gases .
Some climate scientists have distanced themselves from the IPCC Working Group II ’s ( WGII ’s ) Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) , Impacts , Adaptation , and Vulnerability , prefering instead the stronger hard science in the Working Group I ( WGI ) Report — The Physical Science Basis .
Some folks have even gone as far as saying that no errors have been found in the WGI Report and the process in creating it was exemplary .
Such folks are in denial .
As I document below , WGI did a poor job in regard to Antarctic sea ice trends .
Somehow , the IPCC specialists assessed away a plethora of evidence showing that the sea ice around Antarctica has been significantly increasing — a behavior that runs counter to climate model projections of sea ice declines — and instead documented only a slight , statistically insignificant rise .
How did this happen ?
The evidence suggests that IPCC authors were either being territorial in defending and promoting their own work in lieu of other equally legitimate ( and ultimately more correct ) findings , were being guided by IPCC brass to produce a specific IPCC point - of - view , or both .
The handling of Antarctic sea ice is , unfortunately , not an isolated incident in the IPCC reports , but is simply one of many examples in which portions of the peer - reviewed scientific literature were cast aside , or ignored , so that a particular point of view — the preconceived IPCC point of view — could be either maintained or forwarded .
Background
The problems with the IPCC ’s handling of the trends in Antarctic sea ice was first uncovered and presented a week or two ago in an article posted over at the World Climate Report — another blog with which I have been involved with for a long time .
In this MasterResource article , I have dug a bit deeper into what lies behind the IPCC ’s “ assessment ” of the trends in Antarctic sea ice that is presented in its WGI Fourth Assessment Report .
What I ’ve uncovered clearly illustrates the difference between a “ review ” of the literature and an “ assessment ” of the literature .
The former would include as much of the literature on the topic under consideration as possible , while the latter carefully selects from the literature to make a particular case .
As such , the results of a “ review ” would be pretty constant across different assemblages of folks doing the reviewing , while the results of an “ assessment ” strongly depend on just who is doing the assessing .
Case in point , compare the IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report with the equally glossy and thick Assessment Report from the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change ( NIPCC ) .
Both start with the same body of literature , and yet they arrive at completely different conclusions .
Getting into the Detail
This is clearly evident in the section on recent sea ice trends in Antarctica .
The IPCC dedicates part of one paragraph to the topic ( IPCC AR4 Chapter 4 , Section 4.4.2.2 , p. 350-351 ) incorporating one reference ( “ Comiso ( 2003 ) ” ) which turns out to be a book chapter ( i.e. not part of the peer - reviewed literature ) .
The NIPCC on the other hand dedicates two full pages to the subject and incorporates 14 citations from the peer - reviewed literature ( NIPCC , Chapter 4 , Section 4.2.1 , p 152–154 ) .
The IPCC concludes , after its brief analysis , that while there has been an apparent increase in the sea ice extent around Antarctica from 1979 through 2005 , that the increase has been slight and not statistically significant .
The NIPCC , on the other hand , finds that the trend in Antarctic sea ice has been about 2 to 3 times as great as the IPCC reported and , in fact , is quite statistically significant .
True , the NIPCC Report was published after the IPCC Assessment , so it includes a few citations that were published in the literature subsequent to the IPCC inclusion deadline , but still , there were plenty of publications that were extant at the time of the IPCC preparation that should have better guided the IPCC finding .
For some reason , the IPCC opted to ignore the vast majority those papers ( and associated datasets ) .
Consequently , as we shall see , the NIPCC ’s assessment turns out to be superior to the IPCC’s .
The fact that the IPCC ’s assessment was extremely limited and narrow did not go unnoticed in the IPCC review process ( the set of expert and government reviews for various drafts of the IPCC AR4 can be found here ) .
One commenter ( Ola Johannessen , who himself has published on sea ice trends ) complained about the First Order Draft of the AR4 Chapter 4 that :
Section 4.4.2.2 [ the section on sea ice trends ] :
The presentation of hemispheric , regional and seasonal trends is also incomplete , misleading and biased to NASA work ( Comiso ) .
To which the IPCC replied :
Taken into account in the revised text .
A look at the final , published version of Section 4.4.2.2 shows that , in fact , there is only one reference to data on sea ice trends , that to Comiso ( 2003 ) .
The only other reference in the section ( Belchansky et al. , 2005 ) is to explain reasons for interannual variability and the Belchansky et al. reference was already present in the First Order Draft .
So it hardly seems like Johannessen ’s comments were “ taken into account , ” instead it seems like they were ignored .
Johannessen further complains about IPCC ’s use of only one sea ice dataset , commenting “ There should be a sentence added before ‘ An updated version of the analysis done by Comiso … ’ ( which , by the way , appears to an update that is not a published or accepted paper ) ” and then going on to suggest many additional references that should be added to this section .
The IPCC responds :
“ Taken into account with the inclusion of Johannessen et al. ( 2004 ) work .
But AR4 is meant to be the most recent assessment , not a history of prior assessments .
Updates of data sets using previously published methodology is acceptable for IPCC . ”
Interesting .
First , in the published version of Chapter 4 , the reference to Johannessen et al. ( 2004 ) does not appear in the section of the Chapter 4 under discussion — so apparently the IPCC was just bluffing about including it .
Second , the IPCC affirms that being an “ assessment ” does n’t mean having to include all relevant literature ( i.e. , it includes only literature that it deems to be relevant ) .
And third , that using updates of previously published datasets is acceptable in the IPCC process .
In this case , points 2 and 3 seem opposed to each other .
For the IPCC has deemed one particular dataset , that of Comiso ( 2003 ) , to be most relevant , despite the fact that several other “ recent ” datasets existed .
Let ’s look into the IPCC ’s reliance on Comiso ( 2003 ) a bit further ( Comiso by the way was a contributing author to IPCC AR4 Chapter 4 ) .
The IPCC reference of their sea ice data is to Comiso ( 2003 ) which is the following book chapter ( available here ) :
Comiso , J.C. , 2003 : Large scale characteristics and variability of the global sea ice cover .
In : Sea Ice – An Introduction to its Physics , Biology , Chemistry , and Geology [ Thomas , D. and G.S. Dieckmann ( eds . ) ] .
Blackwell Science , Oxford , UK , pp. 112–142 .
The analyses in this book chapter use a sea ice algorithm developed and improved by Dr. Josefino Comiso during the 1980s and 1990s ( Comiso ’s technique was known as the “ Bootstrap ” algorithm ) .
At the same time , there was another algorithm to derive sea ice from satellite observations that had been developed and improved by Dr. Donald Cavalieri and colleagues during the same span ( Cavalieri et al . ’s technique was known as the “ NASA Team ” algorithm ) .
Both algorithms produced pretty similar results when deriving sea ice extent in the Arctic , but in the Antarctic regions , the results — especially the trend results — differed rather significantly .
This difference was well - recognized in the peer - reviewed scientific literature ( e.g. Zwally et al. , 2002 ; Comiso and Steffen , 2001 ) .
Comiso ’s Bootstrap method produced a much smaller and insignificant increase in Antarctic sea ice while the NASA Team algorithm produced a larger , statistically significant increase .
Another analysis , by Watkins and Simmonds ( 2000 ) produced a trend that agreed better with the NASA Team results than Comiso ’s Bootstrap results .
All these facts were acknowledged by the researchers involved as evidenced by discussions in Zwally et al. ( 2002 ) and Comiso and Steffen ( 2001 ) , with each group more or less showing more reliance on their own methodology .
Further , an update to the NASA Team algorithm ( known as NASA Team version 2 ) was published by Markus and Cavalieri in 2000 .
This update had the impact of producing an even greater trend in the extent of Antarctic sea ice ( over the original NASA Team algorithm ) and enlarging the discrepancy with Comiso ’s Bootstrap algorithm .
All of this was extant in the peer - reviewed literature at the time of the IPCC AR4 production and yet the IPCC “ assessed ” things this way :
Most analyses of variability and trend in ice extent using the satellite record have focused on the period after 1978 when the satellite sensors have been relatively constant .
Different estimates , obtained using different retrieval algorithms , produce very similar results for hemispheric extent , and all show an asymmetry between changes in the Arctic and the Antarctic .
As an example , an updated analysis done by Comiso ( 2003 ) spanning the period November 1987 through December 2005 , is shown in Figure 4.8 . [ emphasis added ]
The statement in bold above was well - established at the time to be wrong , at least as it applied to the Southern Hemisphere .
So obviously , even at this point , it is clear that the IPCC had conducted an inaccurate “ assessment ” of the literature .
Not surprisingly , of the existing “ retrieval algorithms , ” the one which showed the smallest ( and statistically insignificant ) trend in the Southern Hemisphere was the one used in “ Comiso ( 2003 ) ” which was selected as the example used by the IPCC .
How convenient .
It is even somewhat debatable whether even the “ updated analysis done by Comiso ( 2003 ) ” showed an insignificant trend .
The First Order Draft of Chapter 4 contained the following illustration of Southern Hemisphere sea ice , along with the caption “ Sea Ice extent anomalies … the Southern Hemisphere based on passive microwave satellite data … [ l ] inear trend lines are indicated for each hemisphere ….
the small positive trend in the Southern Hemisphere is not significant .
( Updated from Comiso , 2003 ) . ”
Figure 1 . Figure 4.4.1b from the IPCC AR4 Chapter 4 First Order Draft .
Notice two things , 1 ) the figure depicts monthly ice extent anomalies from November 1978 through October 2004 , and 2 ) the trend through them seems to be statistically significant ( i.e. the confidence range does not include zero ) , given in the illustration as 9089.2 +/- 2970.7 km2/year or 0.735 +/- 0.240%/dec .
Yet , for some reason , the accompanying text claims that the trend in Figure 4.4.1b is insignificant ( AR4 First Order Draft , page 4 - 14 , lines 9 - 10 ) :
The Antarctic results show a slight but insignificant positive trend of 0.7 ± 0.2 % per decade .
This inconsistency was brought to the IPCC Chapter 4 authors ’ attention by several IPCC commenters .
Commentor John Church wrote “ I do not understand why this trend is insignificant – it is more than three times the quoted error estimates ” and Stefan Rahmstorf wrote “ How can a trend of 0.7 +/- 0.2 be ‘ insignificant ’ ?
Is not 0.2 the confidence interval , so it is significantly positive ? ”
The IPCC responded to both in the same manner “ Taken into account in revised text . ”
And boy did they ever !
The Second Order Draft of Chapter 4 included the following figure ( which ultimately was the one included in the final publication ) :
Figure 2 . Figure 4.4.1b from the IPCC AR4 Chapter 4 Second Order Draft ( this graphic was Figure 4.8 in the IPCC AR4 published version of Chapter 4 ) .
The caption still read “ the small positive trend in the Southern Hemisphere is not significant ” but now the trend had become “ 5.6 +/- 11 x 103 km2 per year . ”
Note two things 1 ) the monthly sea ice anomalies were replaced by annual anomalies , and 2 ) the trend shrunk by 38 % and now actually was statistically insignificant .
So how did this come about ?
First off , the IPCC used a well known statistical trick to lower the significance of the increase — that is , switch from monthly values to annual values .
This trick generally has little impact on the trend value , but can have a sizeable impact on the statistical confidence of the trend .
A trend that is supported by a larger amount of individual data points ( in this case , monthly values ) has more statistical confidence than the same trend supported by fewer data point ( in this case annual data values ) .
So , by using annual data instead of monthly data , the IPCC effectively lowered the perceived confidence of the Southern Hemisphere sea ice trend .
Secondly , just how did the trend drop by 38 % when adding another 13 months ’ worth of observations ?
Well , it is not because of the influence of those extra months , as they fell very near the established trend line ( in other words , they had little direct influence on the trend ) .
And switching from monthly to annual data also would n’t do it .
So it had to be something else .
One possible explanation is that the figure from the First Order Draft was actually ( mistakenly ) depicting Comiso ’s determination of the area of sea ice , rather than the extent of sea ice .
There is a difference in definition between these terms .
The sea ice extent is taken to mean the area which is covered by sea ice with a concentration of at least 15 % ( i.e. this includes regions that are 85 % open water ) , while sea ice area is taken to be the actual area of sea ice itself ( so the sea ice area is less than the sea ice extent ) .
Under general circumstances , the two measurements are highly correlated , and their trends are very similar .
However , in the case of the Comiso ’s Bootstrap algorithm , the trends in Southern Hemisphere sea ice extent and sea ice area were largely different .
This fact raised some flags of concern at the time .
Zwally et al. ( 2002 ) noted that the Bootstrap sea ice extent trends were the odd man out of all datasets .
The area trends were similar across retrieval algorithms ( all were significantly positive , including Comiso ’s Bootstrap ) and the extent trends were similar to the area trends in all algorithms except Comiso ’s Bootstrap algorithm .
Zwally et al. ( 2002 ) took this to mean that something was likely wrong with the Bootstrap determinations of Southern Hemispheric sea ice extent ( probably involving how data from two satellites was stitched together ) .
Comiso and Steffen ( 2001 ) also noted the difference in the trend between sea ice area and extent produced by the Bootstrap algorithm , they attributed most of the difference to changes in how tightly the sea ice was packed together ( a mechanism dismissed by Zwally et al. ) but admitted that inter-satellite issues may also play a part in the trend differences .
Bottom line is that not only did the IPCC Chapter 4 authors have to carefully choose which sea ice retrieval algorithm to use , but they also had to be careful to use sea ice extent rather than sea ice area ( somthing they quite possibly forgot that they needed to do in the First Order Draft of Chapter 4 ) .
The IPCC justifies these decisions as being the result of their “ assessment ” of the topic and the literature — decisions that just so happen to minimize the apparent increase in Southern Hemispheric sea ice concentration .
The result of the inclusion of any other then - extant dataset on Southern Hemispheric sea ice would have been to counter the IPCC ’s “ assessment ” that the sea ice increase there was statistically insignificant .
Oh yeah , an “ assessment ” of a significant rise in Southern Hemispheric sea ice would have been quite inconvenient to another IPCC “ assessment ” that “ [ s ] ea ice is projected to shrink in both the Arctic and the Antarctic under all SRES scenarios . ”
So , no doubt the IPCC Chapter 4 Coordinating Lead Authors got a big slap on the back from the IPCC brass for avoiding that potentially embarrassing problem .
Parenthetically , I bet it would be fun to see the emails associated with the production of AR4 Chapter 4 !
One last thing .
Less than a year after the IPCC AR4 was published , Comiso reported that indeed there was a problem with the Bootstrap algorithm as it concerned Southern Hemispheric sea ice extent ( Comiso and Nishio , 2008 ) .
Correcting that problem increased the observed trend in Antarctic sea ice extent from November 1978 to December 2005 to 14,645 km2 / year — a highly statistically significant value that is 2.6 times higher than reported by the IPCC and virtually identical to the trend from the updated NASA Team algorithm , described by Markus and Cavalieri in 2000 but completely ignored by the IPCC .
Basically , everyone but Comiso ( and the IPCC ) was right all along .
Figure 3 . Annual Antarctic sea ice anomalies from three datasets : the one used by the IPCC ( Comiso , 2003 ; red ) ; another extant at the time of the IPCC production ( Markus and Cavalieri , 2000 ; blue ) ; and the update to the IPCC analysis ( Comiso and Nishio , 2008 ; cyan ) .
The trend in the latter two datsets are more than 2.5 times larger than the IPCC trend and both are statistically significant ( the IPCC trend is not ) .
Conclusion
On the topic of Antarctic sea ice trends , the “ consensus of scientists ” — as the IPCC likes to call itself — was wrong , led astray by the extremely poor “ assessment ” of the scientific knowledge - base made by a very few people who were directly involved in preparing that section — people who were either being territorial in defending and promoting their own work , were being guided by higher - ups to produce a specific IPCC point - of - view , or both .
From all I have been able to find out about this so far ( including enlightenment gained from the Climategate emails into how other sections of the AR4 were carefully constructed ) , I would rate it “ extremely unlikely ” ( in IPCC parlance , less than 5 % chance ) that what transpired was dumb luck , born of the IPCC authors ’ unfamiliarity with the peer - reviewed literature — the very thing they were supposed to be assessing .
I am not sure which case is the most embarrassing .
References :
Comiso , J.C. , 2001 .
Studies of Antarctic sea ice concentrations from satellite data and their applications .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 106 , C12 , 31361-31385 .
Comiso , J. C. , and F. Nishio , 2008 .
Trends in the sea ice cover using enhanced and compatible AMSR-E , SSM / I , and SMMR data .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 113 , C02S07 , doi:10.1029/2007JC004257 .
Cavalieri , D. J. , P. Gloersen , C. L. Parkinson , J. C. Comiso , and H. J. Zwally , 1997 .
Observed hemispheric asymmetry in global sea ice changes .
Science , 278 , 1104 –1106 .
Cavalieri , D. J. , C. L. Parkinson , P. Gloersen , J. C. Comiso , and H. J. Zwally , 1999 .
Deriving long - term time series of sea ice cover from satellite passive microwave multisensor data sets .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 104 , 15803 –15814 .
Markus , T. , and D. Cavalieri , 2000 .
An enhancement of the NASA Team sea ice algorithm .
IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing , 38 , 1387 -1398 .
Watkins , A. B. , and I . Simmonds , Current trends in Antarctic sea ice :
The 1990s impact on a short climatology , 2000 .
Journal of Climate , 13 , 4441 –4451 .
Zwally , H.J. , J. C. Comiso , C. L. Parkinson , D. J. Cavalieri , 2002 .
Variability of Antarctic sea ice 1979 - 1998 .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 107 , C5 , 3041 , doi:10.1029/2000JC000733 .
What 's wrong with a file system ( and also what 's right )
Despite its unobtrusiveness , the file system on a Macintosh , Unix , or Windows machine is capable of storing any data that may be represented in digital form .
For example , suppose that you are storing a mailing list in a file system file .
If you accept the limitation that no e-mail address or person 's name can contain a newline character , you can store one entry per line .
Then you could decide that no e-mail address or name may contain a vertical bar .
That lets you separate e-mail address and name fields with the vertical bar character .
So far , everything is great .
As long as you are careful never to try storing a newline or vertical bar , you can keep your data in this " flat file . "
Searching can be slow and expensive , though .
What if you want to see if " philg@mit.edu " is on the mailing list ?
You computer must read through the entire file to check .
Let 's say that you write a program to process " insert new person " requests .
It works by appending a line to the flat file with the new information .
Suppose , however , that several users are simultaneously using your Web site .
Two of them ask to be added to the mailing list at exactly the same time .
Depending on how you wrote your program , the particular kind of file system that you have , and luck , you could get any of the following behaviors :
Both inserts succeed .
One of the inserts is lost .
Information from the two inserts is mixed together so that both are corrupted .
All the checking account balances are stored in one file , checking .
text , and all the savings balances are stored in another file , savings .
text .
A few days later , an unlucky combination of events occurs .
Joe User is transferring $ 10,000 from his savings to his checking account .
Judy
User is simultaneously depositing $ 5 into her savings account .
One of your Perl scripts successfully writes the checking account flat file with Joe 's new , $ 10,000 higher , balance .
It also writes the savings account file with Joe 's new , $ 10,000 lower , savings balance .
However , the script that is processing Judy 's deposit started at about the same time and began with the version of the savings file that had Joe 's original balance .
It eventually finishes and writes Judy 's $ 5 higher balance but also overwrites Joe 's new lower balance with the old high balance .
Where does that leave you ?
$ 10,000 poorer and wishing you had Concurrency Control .
After a few months of programming and reading operating systems theory books from the 1960s that deal with mutual exclusion , you 've solved your concurrency problems .
Congratulations .
However , let 's suppose that this is an Internet business circa 2003 and therefore you 're running it out of your mom's house with the server under the living room sofa .
You 're feeling sleepy so you heat up some coffee in the microwave and simultaneously toast a bagel in the toaster oven .
The circuit breaker trips .
You hear the sickening sound of disks spinning down .
You scramble to get your server back up and , glancing at the logs notice that Joe User was back transferring $ 25,000 from savings to checking .
What happened to Joe 's transaction ?
The good news for Joe is that your Perl script had just finished crediting his checking account with $ 25,000 .
The bad news for you is that it had n't really gotten started on debiting his savings account .
Maybe it is time to look at what the transaction processing experts have come up with over the last 50 years ...
What Do You Need for Transaction Processing ?
Data processing folks like to talk about the " ACID test " when deciding whether or not a database management system is adequate for handling transactions .
An adequate system has the following properties :
Atomicity Results of a transaction 's execution are either all committed or all rolled back .
All changes take effect , or none do .
That means , for Joe User 's money transfer , that both his savings and checking balances are adjusted or neither are .
Consistency
The database is transformed from one valid state to another valid state .
This defines a transaction as legal only if it obeys user - defined integrity constraints .
Illegal transactions are n't allowed and , if an integrity constraint can't be satisfied then the transaction is rolled back .
For example , suppose that you define a rule that , after a transfer of more than $ 10,000 out of the country , a row is added to an audit table so that you can prepare a legally required report for the IRS .
Perhaps for performance reasons that audit table is stored on a separate disk from the rest of the database .
If the audit table 's disk is off - line and can't be written , the transaction is aborted .
Isolation
The results of a transaction are invisible to other transactions until the transaction is complete .
For example , if you are running an accounting report at the same time that Joe is transferring money , the accounting report program will either see the balances before Joe transferred the money or after , but never the intermediate state where checking has been credited but savings not yet debited .
Durability
Once committed ( completed ) , the results of a transaction are permanent and survive future system and media failures .
If the airline reservation system computer gives you seat 22A and crashes a millisecond later , it wo n't have forgotten that you are sitting in 22A and also give it to someone else .
Furthermore , if a programmer spills coffee into a disk drive , it will be possible to install a new disk and recover the transactions up to the coffee spill , showing that you had seat 22A .
That does n't sound too tough to implement , does it ?
A " mere matter of programming " as our friend Jin likes to say .
Well , you still need indexing .
Finding Your Data ( and Fast )
Flat files work okay if they are very small .
A Perl script can read the whole file into memory in a split second and then look through it to pull out the information requested .
But suppose that your on - line bank grows to have 250,000 accounts .
A user types his account number into a Web page and asks for his most recent deposits .
You 've got a chronological financial transactions file with 25 million entries .
Crunch , crunch , crunch .
Your server laboriously works through all 25 million to find the ones with an account number that matches the user's .
While it is crunching , 25 other users come to the Web site and ask for the same information about their accounts .
You have two choices : buy a 1000 - processor supercomputer or build an index file .
If you build an index file that maps account numbers to sequential transaction numbers , your server wo n't have to search all 25 million records anymore .
However , you have to modify all of your programs that insert , update , or delete from the database so that they also keep the index current .
This works great until two years later when a brand new MBA arrives from Harvard .
She asks for " a report of all customers who have more than $ 5,000 in checking or live in Oklahoma and have withdrawn more than $ 100 from savings in the last 17 days . "
It turns out that you did n't anticipate this query so your indexing scheme does n't speed things up .
Your server has to grind through all the data over and over again .
Enter the Relational Database
" Future users of large data banks must be protected from having to know how the data is organized in the machine ( the internal representation ) .
...
Activities of users at terminals and most application programs should remain unaffected when the internal representation of data is changed and even when some aspects of the external representation are changed .
Changes in data representation will often be needed as a result of changes in query , update , and report traffic and natural growth in the types of stored information .
" Existing noninferential , formatted data systems provide users with tree - structured files or slightly more general network models of the data .
In Section 1 , inadequacies of these models are discussed .
A model based on n-ary relations , a normal form for data base relations , and the concept of a universal data sublanguage are introduced .
In Section 2 , certain operations on relations ( other than logical inference ) are discussed and applied to the problems of redundancy and consistency in the user 's model . "
Yes , that 's right , 1970 .
What you need to do is move your Web site into the ' 70s with one of these newfangled relational database management systems ( RDBMS ) .
Actually , as Codd notes in his paper , most of the problems we 've encountered so far in this chapter were solved in the 1960s by off - the - shelf mainframe software sold by IBM and the " seven dwarves " ( as IBM 's competitors were known ) .
By the early 1960s , businesses had gotten tired of losing important transactions and manually uncorrupting databases .
They began to think that their applications programmers should n't be implementing transactions and indexing on an ad hoc basis for each new project .
Companies began to buy database management software from computer vendors like IBM .
These products worked fairly well but resulted in brittle data models .
If you got your data representation correct the first time and your business needs never changed then a 1967 - style hierarchical database was great .
Unfortunately , if you put a system in place and subsequently needed new indices or a new data format then you might have to rewrite all of your application programs .
From an application programmer 's point of view , the biggest innovation in the relational database is that one uses a declarative query language , SQL ( an acronym for Structured Query Language and pronounced " ess- cue - el " or " sequel " ) .
Most computer languages are procedural .
The programmer tells the computer what to do , step by step , specifying a procedure .
In SQL , the programmer says " I want data that meet the following criteria " and the RDBMS query planner figures out how to get it .
There are two advantages to using a declarative language .
The first is that the queries no longer depend on the data representation .
The RDBMS is free to store data however it wants .
The second is increased software reliability .
It is much harder to have " a little bug " in an SQL query than in a procedural program .
Generally it either describes the data that you want and works all the time or it completely fails in an obvious way .
Another benefit of declarative languages is that less sophisticated users are able to write useful programs .
For example , many computing tasks that required professional programmers in the 1960s can be accomplished by non-technical people with spreadsheets .
In a spreadsheet , you do n't tell the computer how to work out the numbers or in what sequence .
You just declare " This cell will be 1.5 times the value of that other cell over there . "
RDBMSes can run very very slowly .
Depending on whether you are selling or buying computers , this may upset or delight you .
Suppose that the system takes 30 seconds to return the data you asked for in your query .
Does that mean you have a lot of data ?
That you need to add some indices ?
That the RDBMS query planner made some bad choices and needs some hints ?
Who knows ?
The RDBMS is an enormously complicated program that you did n't write and for which you do n't have the source code .
Each vendor has tracing and debugging tools that purport to help you , but the process is not simple .
Good luck figuring out a different SQL incantation that will return the same set of data in less time .
If you can't , call your hardware supplier and ask them to send you 16 more CPUs with maximum RAM .
Alternatively , you can keep running the non-relational software you used in the 1960s , which is what the airlines do for their reservations systems .
How Does This RDBMS Thing Work ?
In fact , this is all you need to know to be a Caveman Database Programmer : A relational database is a big spreadsheet that several people can update simultaneously .
How can multiple people use a spreadsheet such as Microsoft Excel at the same time ?
Would they take turns at the keyboard and mouse ?
Fight over the keyboard and mouse ?
Crowd their heads together in front of the display ?
We need to get rid of the mouse / keyboard / windows idea of interaction .
It does n't make sense when there are many simultaneous users .
Instead imagine that the database management system is sitting by itself in a dark closet .
Users write down their requests on strips of paper and slip them under the door .
A request might be " create a table " , " insert a row into a table " , " update an existing row in a table " , " give me a report of the information contained in all the rows in a table that meet the following criteria ... " .
If a request requires an answer , the database chews on the question for awhile , then pushes a paper report back out underneath the door .
Let 's examine how this works in greater detail .
Each table in the database is one spreadsheet .
You tell the RDBMS how many columns each row has .
For example , in our mailing list database , the table has two columns : name and e-mail .
Each entry in the database consists of one row in this table .
An RDBMS is more restrictive than a spreadsheet in that all the data in one column must be of the same type , e.g. , integer , decimal , character string , or date .
Another difference between a spreadsheet and an RDBMS is that the rows in an RDBMS are not ordered .
You can have a column named row_number and ask the RDBMS to return the rows ordered according to the data in this column , but the row numbering is not implicit as it would be with a spreadsheet program .
If you do define a row_number column or some other unique identifier for rows in a table , it becomes possible for a row in another table to refer to that row by including the value of the unique ID .
Here 's what some SQL looks like for the mailing list application :
create table mailing_list ( email varchar ( 100 ) not null primary key , name varchar ( 100 ) ) ;
mailing_list
email
not null
name
email
primary key
mailing_list
email
mailing_list
That is the joy and the agony of SQL .
Inserting two innocuous looking words can cost you a factor of 1000 in performance .
Then inserting a sentence ( to create the index ) can bring you back so that it is only a factor of two or three .
( Note that many RDBMS implementations , including Oracle , automatically define an index on a column that is constrained to be unique . )
Anyway , now that we 've executed the Data Definition Language " create table " statement , we can move on to Data Manipulation Language : an INSERT .
insert into mailing_list ( name , email ) values ( ' Philip Greenspun ' , 'philg@mit.edu ' ) ;
alter table mailing_list add ( phone_number varchar ( 20 ) ) ;
comp.databases
demaagd@cs.hope.edu ( David DeMaagd ) wrote : > hwo can I get around the fact that the ' is a reserved character in > SQL Syntax ?
I need to be able to select / insert fields that have > apostrophies in them .
Can anyone help ?
You can use two apostrophes '' and SQL will treat it as one .
===========================================================
Pete Nelson | Programmers are almost as good at reading weasel@ecis.com | documentation as they are at writing it .
===========================================================
insert into mailing_list ( name , email ) values ( ' Michael O'' Grady ' , 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' ) ;
Having created a table and inserted some data , at last we are ready to experience the awesome power of the SQL SELECT .
Want your data back ?
select * from mailing_list ;
varchar ( 100 )
SQL > column email format a 25 SQL > column name format a 25 SQL > column phone_number format a 12 SQL > set feedback on SQL > select * from mailing_list ; EMAIL NAME PHONE_NUMBER
------------------------- ------------------------- ------------ philg@mit.edu Philip Greenspun ogrady@fastbuck.com
Michael O'Grady 2 rows selected .
phone_number
work_phone
home_phone
phone_number
mailing_list
drop table mailing_list ; create table mailing_list ( email varchar ( 100 ) not null primary key , name varchar ( 100 ) ) ; create table phone_numbers ( email varchar ( 100 ) not null references mailing_list , number_type varchar ( 15 ) check ( number_type in ( ' work ' , 'home ' , ' cell ' , 'beeper ' ) ) , phone_number varchar ( 20 ) ) ;
phone_numbers
mailing_list
phone_numbers
mailing_list
You 'll get an A in an RDBMS course at a mediocre state university .
You 'll pick up readers of Psychology Today who think you are sensitive and caring because you are always talking about relationships .
[ see " Using the Internet to Pick up Babes and / or Hunks " at http://philip.greenspun.com/wtr/getting-dates before following any of the author 's dating advice ]
phone_numbers
mailing_list
phone_numbers
email
number_type
Anyway , enough database nerdism .
Let 's populate the phone_numbers table :
SQL > insert into phone_numbers values ( 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' , ' work ' , '( 800 ) 555-1212 ' ) ; ORA - 02291 : integrity constraint ( SCOTT.SYS_C001080 ) violated - parent key not found
mailing_list
phone_numbers
mailing_list
insert into mailing_list ( name , email ) values ( ' Philip Greenspun ' , 'philg@mit.edu ' ) ; insert into mailing_list ( name , email ) values (' Michael O'' Grady ' , 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' ) ; insert into phone_numbers values ( 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' , ' work ' , '( 800 ) 555-1212 ' ) ; insert into phone_numbers values ( 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' , 'home ' , '( 617 ) 495-6000 ' ) ; insert into phone_numbers values ( 'philg@mit.edu ' , 'work ' , '( 617 ) 253-8574 ' ) ; insert into phone_numbers values ( 'ogrady@fastbuck.com ' , ' beper ' , '( 617 ) 222-3456 ' ) ;
The first three INSERTs work fine , but what about the last one , where Mr. O'Grady misspelled " beeper " ?
ORA -02290 : check constraint ( SCOTT.SYS_C001079 ) violated
check ( number_type in ( ' work ' , 'home ' , ' cell ' , 'beeper ' ) )
Let 's say we want all of our data out .
Email , full name , phone numbers .
The most obvious query to try is a join .
SQL > select * from mailing_list , phone_numbers ; EMAIL NAME EMAIL TYPE NUMBER ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ------
-------------- philg@mit.edu Philip Greenspun ogrady@fastbuck . work ( 800 ) 555-1212 ogrady@fastbuck .
Michael O'Grady ogrady@fastbuck . work ( 800 ) 555-1212 philg@mit.edu Philip Greenspun ogrady@fastbuck .
home ( 617 ) 495-6000 ogrady@fastbuck .
Michael O'Grady ogrady@fastbuck .
home ( 617 ) 495-6000 philg@mit.edu Philip Greenspun philg@mit.edu work ( 617 ) 253-8574 ogrady@fastbuck .
Michael O'Grady philg@mit.edu work ( 617 ) 253-8574 6 rows selected .
mailing_list
phone_numbers
select * from mailing_list , phone_numbers where mailing_list.email = phone_numbers.email ; EMAIL NAME EMAIL TYPE NUMBER ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ------
-------------- ogrady@fastbuck .
Michael O'Grady ogrady@fastbuck . work ( 800 ) 555-1212 ogrady@fastbuck .
Michael O'Grady ogrady@fastbuck .
home ( 617 ) 495-6000 philg@mit.edu Philip Greenspun philg@mit.edu work ( 617 ) 253-8574 3 rows selected .
SQL > delete from phone_numbers ; 3 rows deleted .
delete from phone_numbers where email = 'philg@mit.edu ' ;
SQL > update mailing_list set name = ' Phil - baby Greenspun ' where email = 'philg@mit.edu ' ; 1 row updated .
SQL > select * from mailing_list ; EMAIL NAME -------------------- -------------------- philg@mit.edu Phil- baby Greenspun ogrady@fastbuck.com
Michael O'Grady 2 rows selected .
As with DELETE , it is not a good idea to play around with UPDATE statements unless you have a WHERE clause at the end .
SQL the Hard Way
create table history ( sample_time date , -- when did the cookie have the value sample_value integer ) ; insert into history values ( to_date ( ' 1998-03-01 23:59:00 ' , 'YYYY -MM-DD HH24: MI:SS ' ) , 75000 ) ; insert into history values ( to_date ( ' 1998-03-02 23:59:00 ' , 'YYYY -MM-DD HH24: MI:SS ' ) , 76000 ) ; insert into history values ( to_date ( ' 1998-03-03 23:59:00 ' , 'YYYY -MM-DD HH24: MI:SS ' ) , 77000 ) ; insert into history values ( to_date ( ' 1998-03-04 23:59:00 ' , 'YYYY -MM-DD HH24: MI:SS ' ) , 78000 ) ; select * from history order by sample_time ; SAMPLE_TIM SAMPLE_VALUE
----------
------------
1998-03-01 75000 1998-03-02 76000 1998-03-03 77000 1998-03-04 78000
Note : the Oracle DATE data type is able to represent time down to one - second precision , sort of like an ANSI TIMESTAMP(0 ) ; in Oracle 9i and newer you 'd probably use the timestamp type .
Now that we are accumulating the data , it should be easy to write a report page , eh ?
It turns out to be very easy to extract the rows of a table in order , as in the last SELECT above .
However , it is impossible for a row to refer to " the last row in this SELECT " .
You could have write a C# , Java , PL / SQL , or VB procedure to walk through the rows in order , just setting things up on the first pass through the loop and then doing the appropriate subtraction for subsequent rows .
However , running into the arms of an imperative computer language is considered untasteful in the SQL world .
In SQL you start by thinking about what you want and working backward .
If the history table has N rows , we want an interval table with N - 1 rows .
Each row should have the start time , end time , time interval , and cookie interval .
Any time that you need information from two different rows in the database , the way to get it is with a JOIN .
Since there is only one underlying table , though , this will have to be a self - join :
SQL > select h1.sample_time , h2.sample_time from history h1 , history h2 ; SAMPLE_TIM SAMPLE_TIM
----------
----------
1998-03-04 1998-03-04 1998-03-01 1998-03-04 1998-03-02 1998-03-04 1998-03-03 1998-03-04 1998-03-04 1998-03-01 1998-03-01 1998-03-01 1998-03-02 1998-03-01 1998-03-03 1998-03-01 1998-03-04 1998-03-02 1998-03-01 1998-03-02 1998-03-02 1998-03-02 1998-03-03 1998-03-02 1998-03-04 1998-03-03 1998-03-01 1998-03-03 1998-03-02 1998-03-03 1998-03-03 1998-03-03 16 rows selected .
A note about syntax is in order here .
In an SQL FROM list , one can assign a correlation name to a table .
In this case , h1 and h2 are assigned to the two copies of history from which we are selecting .
Then we can refer to h1.sample_time and get " the sample_time column from the first copy of the history table . "
The main problem with this query , though , has nothing to do with syntax .
It is the fact that we have 13 rows too many .
Instead of N - 1 rows , we specified the Cartesian product and got NxN rows .
We 've successfully done a self - join and gotten all the pairings we need , but also all possible other pairings .
Now it is time to specify which of those pairings we want in our final report :
select h1.sample_time as s1 , h2.sample_time as s2 from history h1 , history h2 where h2.sample_time > h1.sample_time ; S1 S2 ----------
----------
1998-03-01 1998-03-04 1998-03-02 1998-03-04 1998-03-03 1998-03-04 1998-03-01 1998-03-02 1998-03-01 1998-03-03 1998-03-02 1998-03-03 6 rows selected .
select h1.sample_time as s1 , h2.sample_time as s2 from history h1 , history h2 where h2.sample_time = ( select min( h3.sample_time ) from history h3 where h3.sample_time > h1.sample_time ) order by h1.sample_time ; S1 S2 ----------
----------
1998-03-01 1998-03-02 1998-03-02 1998-03-03 1998-03-03 1998-03-04 3 rows selected .
select min( h3.sample_time ) from history h3 where h3.sample_time >
h1.sample_time
Given the correct row pairings , it is easy to add syntax to the SELECT list to subtract the times and cookie values .
select h1.sample_time as s1 , h2.sample_time as s2 , h2.sample_time - h1.sample_time as gap_time , h2.sample_value - h1.sample_value as gap_cookie from history h1 , history h2 where h2.sample_time = ( select min( h3.sample_time ) from history h3 where h3.sample_time > h1.sample_time ) order by h1.sample_time ; S1 S2 GAP_TIME GAP_COOKIE
----------
---------- ---------- ----------
1998-03-01 1998-03-02 1 1000 1998-03-02 1998-03-03 1 1000 1998-03-03 1998-03-04 1 1000 3 rows selected .
Formulating SQL queries can be an art and most programmers need time and experience to get good at thinking declaratively .
Brave New World
Object systems contribute to software reliability and compactness by allowing programmers to factor their code into chunks that are used as widely as possible .
For example , suppose that you are building a catalog Web site to sell magazines , videos , books , and CDs .
It might be worth thinking about the data and functions that are common to all of these and encapsulating them in a product class .
At the product level , you 'd define characteristics such as product_id , short_name , and description .
Then you 'd define a magazine subclass that inherited all the behavior of product and added things like issues_per_year .
Programmers using modern computer languages like Smalltalk and Lisp have been doing this since the mid-1970s , but the idea has only recently caught on in the RDBMS world .
Here are some table definitions for the Illustra system , a derivative of the U.C. Berkeley Postgres research project :
create table products of new type product_t ( product_id integer not null primary key , short_name text not null , description text ) ;
products
create table magazines of new type magazine_t ( issues integer not null , foreign_postage decimal ( 7,2 ) , canadian_postage decimal ( 7,2 ) ) under products ; create table videos of new type video_t ( length_in_minutes integer ) under products ;
* insert into magazines ( product_id , short_name , description , issues ) values ( 0 , 'Dissentary ' , 'The result of merging Dissent and Commentary ' , 12 ) ; * insert into videos ( product_id , short_name , description , length_in_minutes ) values ( 1 , 'Sense and Sensibility ' , 'Chicks dig it ', 110 ) ; * select * from products ;
--------------------------------------------------- |product_id | short_name | description |
---------------------------------------------------
|1 | Sense and Sensibility | Chicks dig it | |0 | Dissentary | The result o*|
---------------------------------------------------
create function find_price ( product_t ) returns numeric with ( late ) as return 5.50 ;
create function find_price ( magazine_t ) returns numeric as return $ 1.issues * 1.50 ; create function find_price ( video_t ) returns numeric as return $ 1.length_in_minutes * 0.25 ;
* select short_name , find_price ( products ) from products ;
--------------------------------------- |short_name |find_price |
---------------------------------------
|Sense and Sensibility | 27.50 | | Dissentary | 18.00 |
---------------------------------------
create function order_code ( product_t ) returns text as return $ 1. product_id : : text || '- -' || trim ( leading from find_price ( $ 1 ) :: text ) || '--' || substring ( $ 1.short_name from 1 for 5 ) ; * select order_code ( products ) from products ;
----------------- |order_code |
-----------------
|1--27.50--Sense|
|0--18.00 -- Disse|
-----------------
find_price
order_code
This Brave New World sounds great in DBMS vendor brochures , but the actual experience is n't always wonderful .
Back in 1995 , we were using Illustra and built ourselves a beautiful table hierarchy more or less as described above .
Six months later we needed to add a column to the products table .
E.F .
Codd understood back in 1970 that data models had to grow as business needs change .
But the Illustra folks were so excited by their object extensions that they forgot .
The system could n't add a column to a table with dependent subclasses .
What should we do , we asked the support folks ?
" Dump the data out of all of your tables , drop all of them , rebuild them with the added column , then load all of your data back into your tables . "
Uh , thanks ...
Braver New World
After 20 years , the market for object database management systems is about $ 100 million a year , less than 1 percent the size of the relational database market .
Why the fizzle ?
Object databases bring back some of the bad features of 1960s pre-relational database management systems .
The programmer has to know a lot about the details of data storage .
If you know the identities of the objects you 're interested in , then the query is fast and simple .
But it turns out that most database users do n't care about object identities ; they care about object attributes .
Relational databases tend to be faster and better at producing aggregations based on attributes .
Keep in mind that if object databases ever did become popular , it would make using Java or C# as a page scripting language much more attractive .
Currently the fancy type systems of advanced computer languages are n't very useful for Internet application development .
The only things that can be stored persistently , i.e. , from page load to page load , in an RDBMS are numbers , dates , and strings .
In theory it is possible to write a complex Java program that does an SQL query , creates a huge collection of interlinked objects , serves a page to the user , then exits .
But why would you ?
That collection of interlinked objects must be thrown out as soon as the page is served and then built up again the next time that user requests a page , which could be 1 second later or 2 days later .
If on the other hand the objects created by a C# or Java program were efficiently made persistent it would make applying these big hammers to Web scripting a lot less ridiculous .
Choosing an RDBMS Vendor
Here are some factors that are important in choosing an RDBMS to sit behind a Web site :
cost / complexity to administer lock management system full - text indexing option maximum length of VARCHAR data type support
Cost / Complexity to Administer
Sloppy RDBMS administration is one of the most common causes of downtime at sophisticated sites .
If you are n't sure that you 'll have an experienced staff of database administrators to devote to your site , then you might want to consider whether an " Enterprise RDBMS " is really for you .
The Big Three RDBMSes are IBM's DB2 , Microsoft SQL Server , and Oracle .
All offer tremendous flexibility in configuration with an eye towards building 64 - CPU systems that process absurd numbers of simultaneous transactions .
All claim that their latest and greatest management tools make installing and administering the system is so easy a 10 - year - old could do it .
If these claims were true the local Starbucks would be clogged with unemployed database administrators .
Midget competition is provided by the open - source PostgreSQL , which can't be scaled up to the large sizes and performance of the commercial RDBMSes but is inherently fairly simple to install and maintain ( and it is free ! ) .
MySQL is popular among Linux users and because it has a SQL front - end it is often confused with an RDBMS .
In fact it does not provide the ACID transaction guarantees and therefore would more properly be lumped in with Microsoft Access and similar desktop tools .
Lock Management System
All database management systems handle concurrency problems with locks .
Before an executing statement can modify some data , it must grab a lock .
While this lock is held , no other simultaneously executing SQL statement can update the same data .
In order to prevent another user from reading half - updated data , while this lock is held , no simultaneously executing SQL statement can even read the data .
Readers must wait for writers to finish writing .
Writers must wait for readers to finish reading .
This kind of system , called pessimistic locking , is simple to implement , works great in the research lab , and can be proven correct mathematically .
The only problem with this approach is that it often does n't work in the real world of hurried developers and multiple simultaneous users .
What can happen is that an admin page on an ecommerce site , for example , contains a reporting query that takes an hour to run and touches all the rows in the users and orders tables .
While this query is running none of the users of the public pages can register or place orders .
With the Oracle RDBMS , readers never wait for writers and writers never wait for readers .
If a SELECT starts reading at 9:01 and encounters a row that was updated ( by another session ) at 9:02 , Oracle reaches into a rollback segment and digs up the pre-update value for the SELECT ( this preserves the Isolation requirement of the ACID test ) .
A transaction does not need to take locks unless it is modifying a table and , even then , only takes locks on the specific rows that are to be modified .
This is the kind of RDBMS locking architecture that you want for a Web site and , as of 2003 , it is provided only by Oracle and Postgres .
Full - text Indexing Option
select * from magazines where description like ' % dogs % ' ;
A full - text indexer builds a data structure ( the index ) on disk so that the RDBMS no longer has to scan the entire table to find rows containing a particular word or combination of words .
The software is smart enough to be able to think in terms of word stems rather than words .
So " running " and " run " or " dog " and " dogs " can be interchanged in queries .
Full - text indexers are also generally able to score a user - entered phrase against a database table of documents for relevance so that you can query for the most relevant matches .
Finally , the modern text search engines are very smart about how words relate .
So they might deliver a document that did not contain the word " dog " but did contain " Golden Retriever " .
This makes services like classified ads , discussion forums , etc. , much more useful to users .
Relational database management system vendors are gradually incorporating full - text indexing into their products .
Sadly , there is no standard for querying using this index .
Thus , if you figure out how to query Oracle Text for " rows relating to ' running ' or its synonyms " , the SQL syntax will not be useful for asking the same question of Microsoft SQL Server with its full - text indexing option .
Maximum Length of VARCHAR Data Type
In practice , current commercial systems are very bad at storing unexpectedly long data , e.g. , Oracle only lets you have 4,000 characters in a VARCHAR .
This is Okay if you 're building a corporate accounting system but bad for a public Web site .
You can't really be sure how long a user 's classified ad or bulletin board posting is going to be .
The SQL standard provides for a LONG data type to handle this kind of situation and modern database vendors often provide character large - objects ( CLOB ) .
These types theoretically allow you to store arbitrarily large data .
However , in practice there are so many restrictions on these columns that they are n't very useful .
For example , you can't use them in a SQL WHERE clause and thus the above " LIKE ' % dogs % ' " would be illegal .
You can't build a standard index on a LONG column .
You may also have a hard time getting strings into or out of LONG columns .
The Oracle SQL parser only accepts string literals up to 4,000 characters in length .
After that you have to use special C API calls .
Currently , PostgreSQL seems to be the leader in this area .
You can declare a column to be character varying or text and store a string up to about 1 GB in size .
Paying an RDBMS Vendor
This is the part that hurts .
The basic pricing strategy of database management system vendors is to hang the user up by his heels , see how much money falls out , take it all and then ask for another $ 50,000 for " support " .
Ideally , they 'd like to know how much your data are worth and how much profit you expect from making them available and then extract all of that profit from you .
In this respect , they behave like the classical price - discriminating profit - maximizing monopoly from Microeconomics 101 .
Classically an RDBMS license was priced per user .
Big insurance companies with 1000 claims processors would pay more than small companies with 5 .
The Web confused the RDBMS vendors .
On the one hand , the server was accessible to anyone anywhere in the world .
Thus , the fair arrangement would be a $ 64,000 per CPU unlimited user license .
On the other hand , not too many Web publishers actually had $ 64,000 per CPU lying around in their checking accounts .
So the RDBMS vendors would settle for selling a 5 - user or 8 - user license .
If you can't stomach the prices of commercial systems , take a long hard look at PostgreSQL .
Developing a credible threat to use PostgreSQL may result in some pricing flexibility from commercial RDBMS salesmen .
Performance
There are several ways to achieve high performance .
One is to buy a huge multi-processor computer with enough RAM to hold the entire data model at once .
Unfortunately , unless you are using PostgreSQL , your RDBMS vendor will probably give your bank account a reaming that it will not soon forget .
The license fee will be four times as much for a four - CPU machine as for a one - CPU machine .
Thus it might be best to try to get hold of the fastest possible single - CPU computer .
If you are processing a lot of transactions , all those CPUs bristling with RAM wo n't help you .
Your bottleneck will be disk spindle contention .
The solution to this is to chant " Oh what a friend I have in Seagate . "
Disks are slow .
Very slow .
Literally almost one million times slower than the computer .
Therefore the computer spends a lot of time waiting for the disk (s ) .
You can speed up SQL SELECTs simply by buying so much RAM that the entire database is in memory .
However , the Durability requirement in the ACID test for transactions means that some record of a transaction will have to be written to a medium that wo n't be erased in the event of a power failure .
If a disk can only do 100 seeks a second and you only have one disk , your RDBMS is going to be hard pressed to do more than about 100 updates a second .
The first thing you should do is mirror all of your disks .
If you do n't have the entire database in RAM , this speeds up SELECTs because the disk controller can read from whichever disk is closer to the desired track .
The opposite effect can be achieved if you use " RAID level 5 " where data is striped across multiple disks .
Then the RDBMS has to wait for five disks to seek before it can cough up a few rows .
Straight mirroring , or " RAID level 1 " , is what you want .
The next decision that you must make is " How many disks ? "
The Oracle9i DBA Handbook ( Loney 2001 ; Oracle Press ) recommends a 7x2 disk configuration as a minimum compromise for a machine doing nothing but database service .
Their solutions start at 9x2 disks and go up to 22x2 .
The idea is to keep files that might be written in parallel on separate disks so that one can do 2200 seeks / second instead of 100 .
Here 's Kevin Loney 's 17 - disk ( mirrored X2 ) solution for avoiding spindle contention :
Disk Contents 1
Oracle software 2 SYSTEM tablespace 3 RBS tablespace ( roll - back segment in case a transaction goes badly ) 4 DATA tablespace 5 INDEXES tablespace ( changing data requires changing indices ; this allows those changes to proceed in parallel ) 6 TEMP tablespace 7 TOOLS tablespace 8 Online Redo log 1 , Control file 1 ( these would be separated on a 22 - disk machine ) 9 Online Redo log 2 , Control file 2 10 Online Redo log 3 , Control file 3 11 Application Software 12 RBS_2 13 DATA_2 ( tables that tend to be grabbed in parallel with those in DATA ) 14 INDEXES_2 15 TEMP_USER 16 Archived redo log destination disk 17 Export dump file destination disk
[ Another area in which the commercial databases can be much faster than PostgreSQL is dealing with 50 simultaneous transactions from 50 different users .
In a naive RDBMS implementation these would be lined up in order , a log of transaction 1 would be written to disk and then the database user who requested it would be notified of success , transaction 2 would then be processed and , after another disk write , be declared a success .
Oracle , however , is smart enough to say " about 50 transactions came in at nearly the same moment so I 'll write one big huge block of info to disk and then get back to all 50 users informing them of the success of their transaction . "
Thus performance in theory could 50 times better with Oracle ( 1 disk write ) than with PostgreSQL ( 50 disk writes ) . ]
Do n't forget to back up
At noon , an ugly mob of users assembles outside your office , angered by your addition of a Flash animation splash page .
You send one of your graphic designers out to explain how " cool " it looked when run off a local disk in a demo to the vice - president .
The mob stones him to death and then burns your server farm to the ground .
You manage to pry your way out of the rubble with one of those indestructible HP Unix box keyboards .
You manage to get the HP disaster support people to let you use their machines for awhile and confidently load your backup tape .
To your horror , the RDBMS chokes up blood following the restore .
It turned out that there were linked data structures in foo.db and bar.db .
Half of the data structures ( the ones from foo.db ) are the " old pre-transaction version " and half are the " new post - transaction version " ( the ones from bar.db ) .
One transaction occurring during your backup has resulted in a complete loss of availability for all of your data .
Maybe you think that is n't the world 's most robust RDBMS design but there is nothing in the SQL standard or manufacturer 's documentation that says Oracle or Microsoft SQL Server can't work this way .
Full mirroring keeps you from going off - line due to media failure .
But you still need snapshots of your database in case someone gets a little excited with a DELETE FROM statement or in the situation described above .
There are two ways to back up a relational database : off - line and on - line .
For an off - line backup , you shut down the databases , thus preventing transactions from occurring .
Most vendors would prefer that you use their utility to make a dump file of your off - line database , but in practice it will suffice just to back up the Unix or Windows filesystem files .
Off - line backup is typically used by insurance companies and other big database users who only need to do transactions for eight hours a day .
Each RDBMS vendor has an advertised way of doing on - line backups .
It can be as simple as " call this function and we 'll grind away for a couple of hours building you a dump file that contains a consistent database but minus all the transactions that occurred after you called the function .
Here 's an Oracle example :
exp DBUSER / DBPASSWD file=/exportdest/foo.980210.dmp owner=DBUSER consistent=Y
What if your database is too large to be exported to a disk and can't be taken offline ?
Here 's a technique that is used on the Oracle installation at Boston Children 's Hospital :
Break the mirror .
Back up from the disks that are off - line as far as the database is concerned .
Reestablish the mirror .
The lessons here are several .
First , whatever your backup procedure , make sure you test it with periodic restores .
Second , remember that the backup and maintenance of an RDBMS is done by a full - time staffer at most companies , called " the dba " , short for " database administrator " .
If the software worked as advertised , you could expect a few days of pain during the install and then periodic recurring pain to keep current with improved features .
However , dba's earn their moderately lavish salaries .
No amount of marketing hype suffices to make a C program work as advertised .
That goes for an RDBMS just as much as for a word processor .
Coming to terms with bugs can be a full - time job at a large installation .
Most often this means finding workarounds since vendors are notoriously sluggish with fixes .
Another full - time job is hunting down users who are doing queries that are taking 1000 times longer than necessary because they forgot to build indices or do n't know SQL very well .
Children 's Hospital has three full - time dbas and they work hard .
Let 's close by quoting Perrin Harkins .
A participant in a discussion forum asked whether caching db queries in Unix files would speed up his Web server .
Here 's Perrin 's response :
" Modern databases use buffering in RAM to speed up access to often requested data .
You do n't have to do anything special to make this happen , except tune your database well ( which could take the rest of your life ) . "
Summary
You and your programmers will make mistakes implementing transaction processing systems .
You are better off focusing your energies on the application and leaving indexing , transactions , and concurrency to a database management system .
The most practical database management software for Web sites is a relational database management system with a full - text indexer .
If you can program a spreadsheet , you can program an RDBMS in SQL .
RDBMSes are slow .
Prepare to buy a big machine with a lot of disks .
RDBMSes , though much more reliable than most user - written transaction processing code , are not nearly as reliable as a basic Web server pulling static files out a file system .
Prepare to hire a half - or full - time database administrator if your database will grow to any significant size .
More
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
It is unfortunate this page helps perpetuate myths and misinformation about databases .
For example :
It says there are RDBMSes in the market today .
There is only one , Alphora Dataphor .
All the others are SQL DBMSes , and SQL violates too many fundamentals of the relational model to be called a relational language .
Therefore , SQL DBMSes are n't RDBMSes .
As a consequence , it says RDBMSes are slow .
SQL DBMSes are slow , but RDBMSes need n't be , as the relational model defines that the physical model can be quite different than the logical model of the database .
Thus , one can keep a clean logical model yet implement all kinds of optimisations in the physical level .
That is what SQL optimisers try to do , but due to SQL complexity and confusion of the logical and physical model they fail .
-- Leandro Guimarães Faria Corcete Dutra , May 18 , 2004
I agree with the above poster in that the author is confusing SQL DBMS or a relational database .
However I can forgive the author for this because this is so common in the industry ( even if he is from MIT ) .
The slowness of most databases while inserting is because most database systems force the data to disk after each insert .
This is a safety ' feature ' not a performance ' bug ' and has nothing to do with performance .
Simply wrapping the entire load process in a trasaction should have fixed the problem .
The Author 's comments about PostgreSQL not being scalable is commercial systems are incorrect .
PostgreSQL implemented write - ahead - logging ( which is what he is talking about ) with version 7.2 in 2002 .
Also , PostgreSQL has MVCC which makes it very , very scabale ... some commerical implementations do not even have this , for example MS SQL server .
Merlin
-- Merlin Moncure , March 18 , 2005
Phil is somewhat incorrect about vendors supporting row - level locking support .
MS has supported row - level locking since SQL Server 7.0 .
In practice , its transaction manager decides how granular a lock will be according to the parameters of the query .
If too many individual rows are going to be locked in a transaction ( according to some calculated " lock escalation threshold " ) , the entire table will be locked .
-- pete lai , June 8 , 2005
It is just terribly wrong to recommend MS Access database for any internet website , server - side or backoffice use . [ 1 ]
Extract from : " INFO : Considerations for Server - Side Automation of Office " http://support.microsoft.com/kb/257757/EN-US/
" Current licensing guidelines prevent Office Applications from being used on a server to service client requests , unless those clients themselves have licensed copies of Office .
Using server - side Automation to provide Office functionality to unlicensed workstations is not covered by the End User License Agreement ( EULA ) . "
My 2 coins .
Guennadi Vanine
-- Guennadi Vanine , July 10 , 2005
